NEUROSIS today proudly reveals a brand new visual trailer created for their anticipated tenth studio full-length, Honor Found In Decay.
Using imagery shot and created by NEUROSIS‘ visual artist Josh Graham, video architect Kenneth Thomas, who directed the band's 2007-released Given to the Rising documentary, has masterfully edited together an intense look into the new opus. For the first time in the band's history, intimate details of the handcrafted artwork have been made publicly available, allowing the installation to be viewed in motion, not just still photographs. The trailer also features personal commentary from guitarists/vocalists Scott Kelly and Steve Von Till on the creation of Honor Found In Decay, as well as the first brief moments of audio to be publicly unleashed!
States Steve Von Till in the early moments of the preview, “A legacy can only be assured if we continually burn down the past and plant seeds in the ashes to grow new, greater things,” and is followed by founding member Scott Kelly, who boldly affirms, “If you don't make a record that you think eclipses your previous record, then… you've failed.”
Absorb this foretaste of Honor Found In Decay here:
In addition to their imminent performance at ATP's Nightmare Before Christmas in England – the lineup culminated by Steve Albini's band Shellac, and including Wire, Mission of Burma, Oxbow, Melt Banana, Shellac and more – another UK NEUROSIS performance has been confirmed to take place just days later. The extraordinary performance will devastate the HMV Forum in London alongside the almighty Godflesh on December 2nd, as the only other UK concert in support of Honor Found In Decay. Stated Von Till about this appearance: “Neurosis and Godflesh together is long overdue! We have been admirers of Godflesh since their first recordings. Streetcleaner changed heavy music forever. I don't think anyone can argue that this will be an extremely powerful and special night for all of us.”
Honor Found In Decay will reaffirm to the planet why NEUROSIS remain one of the most important heavy acts in existence. The album will emerge through the band's own Neurot Recordings, in Germany October 26th, in the rest of Europe October 29th, and in North America on October 30th, with their cohorts at previous label home Relapse Records confirmed to handle the vinyl release of the album.
NEUROSIS confirmed UK performances:
11/30-12/02/2012 ATP's Nightmare Before Christmas – Camber Sands Holiday Camp, England [info]
12/02/2012 HMV Forum – London, England w/ Godflesh [info]
http://www.neurosis.com
http://www.facebook.com/officialneurosis
http://www.neurotrecordings.com
http://www.facebook.com/neurotrecordings
Boston ProJuice, the latest addition to Boston's food truck and juice scenes, plans to launch next month. (It'll be a mini bus, not exactly a truck.) According to a Craigslist job posting, Boston ProJuice will serve "fresh pressed juices and blended produce beverages," as well as "healthy organic snacks." (Think homemade granola bars and dehydrated fruit and veggie chips.)
The ProJuice Twitter account notes that the bus has secured locations in Chinatown, at BU, in the Financial District, and in Copley Square, depending on the day. Owner Paul Cunningham also wants to find spots in Cambridge and Somerville and vend at farmers' markets and various events, even offering a "juice-your-own" service for people who don't have the equipment at home or just don't want to deal with cleaning up.
Cunningham is a Boston native, former personal trainer and service industry veteran, picky eater, and owner of a jacket and hoodie with enough pockets to hide lots of items of fruit. They plan to donate time and resources to bringing their juice to schools and community centers, according to the ProJuice promo video.
"The vegetables and fruits that I don't eat normally, because I don't like the smell, taste, or texture — I juice them and blend them with the ones I do like," they say.
In my work as an explorer of spirituality, I have had many extraordinary experiences throughout my life, including lucid dreams, out-of-body experiences, and open contact with the higher realms, and many people ask me if there is anything that they can do themselves to also have these types of experiences.
No matter what, the most important aspect of raising your vibration is making a firm commitment to both mental and physical health, and understanding that this is a process, and not something that will happen overnight. There is no “silver bullet”, no shortcuts to enlightenment, but there are specific actions that you can take to help facilitate the process.
1. Meditate
Meditation is the practice of connecting to the spiritual aspect of yourself. There is no right or wrong way to meditate, and the only thing that matters is that you achieve your desired results, although I do recommend not setting your expectations any higher than simply reaching a state of deep relaxation and inner peace during each session. This allows you to let go of trying to control the experience, as it is very tempting to try to achieve feats such as astral projection.
I personally enjoy listening to light music, and starting in the common Indian-style position, I close my eyes, breathe in and out slowly, focusing on each breath, and allow myself to enter a state of inner peace. If I become uncomfortable, I usually switch to lying down on my back. Typically after about 30 minutes to an hour, I revert back to the conscious state, and end my session.
2. Change Your Diet
When I was younger, I would simply eat the food that was the most enjoyable to me and the easiest to prepare, regardless of any sense of nutrition. As I grew older, I learned more about eating healthy, and eventually switched to a vegan diet. Of course, there are times that I still eat the typical crap that is out there, if that's what's most feasible for the situation or offered to me freely, but for the most part, I eat lots of vegetables and as much organic food as I can acquire.
Eliminating toxic substances is also helpful, as the goal is to keep your body as light and purified as possible, consuming only substances that increase your light quotient, rather than weigh you down. When I changed my diet, I noticed a major boost in my energy level, as well as enhanced extra-sensory capabilities.
3. Record Your Dreams
Dreams serve as training sessions for developing your creative abilities. Just like in school, when you take notes in class, it is much easier to soak in and retain the presented information. The same is true with dreams. The more you record your dreams, the more you will build the habit to remember them, which will help you become more lucid in the dream state and have more creative control over time.
4. Exercise
Not only does exercise strengthen your body, but it also relieves stress and eliminates harmful residual toxins. Developing a solid exercise routine also helps you to become more productive, think more clearly, regulate your sleep cycle, boost sex drive, and induce a greater sense of satisfaction and well-being.
5. Eliminate Distractions
Maintaining a positive state of mind is essential in consciousness work. Whenever you place yourself in an unhealthy environment full of distractions and lower density thoughtforms, those negative vibrations can become a burden very quickly, and take you out of your element. It is vital to develop a habit of creating a serene environment for yourself, and that means eliminating harmful energies from such things as televisions, cell phones, microwaves, hateful music, violent films or video games, pornography, and anything else along those lines.
Conclusion
So, what do you think? Are you ready to take the next step in your development? I'm sure most of these tips seem easier said than done to those who aren't already committed, but if you proceed at your own pace, gradually building your new habits and replacing the old ones, you can raise your vibration very easily.
× Expand Nyttend Wind turbines in Blue Creek Township, Ohio
In the corporate war against renewable energy, a single Ohio regulation stands out.
It is a simple clause slipped into the state budget without open discussion, floor debate, or public hearings.
The restriction is costing Ohio billions of dollars and thousands of jobs.
The regulation demands that wind turbines sited in the Buckeye State be at least 1,125 feet from the blade tip to the nearest property line, about 1300 feet total—nearly a quarter-mile.
Ohio's setback rule is similar to one in Wisconsin, where progress on wind power has atrophied. Lincoln County in South Dakota just passed a requirement that turbines be at least a half-mile from any residence. And Vermont is pondering a rule change to require a setback of ten times the turbine height, which in the case of a 500-foot turbine would be nearly a mile.
Such regulations threaten to kill wind power, thus protecting corporate investments in nuclear power and fossil-fuel generators. The situation is Ohio is especially egregious.
FirstEnergy, owner of Ohio's two dying reactors at Perry and Davis-Besse, is now strong-arming the legislature and regulators for $4.5 billion in handouts to sustain two money-losing nukes whose electricity is far more expensive than what would come from currently approved wind projects, and whose 1,400-odd jobs would be dwarfed by the new turbine construction. Should the wind projects proceed, northern Ohio would be flooded with cheap, clean, reliable electricity that would push the two nuclear “mistakes by the lake,” as they've been called, even further outside the competitive pale.
FirstEnergy, owner of Ohio's two dying reactors at Perry and Davis-Besse, is now strong-arming the legislature and regulators for $4.5 billion in handouts to sustain two money-losing nukes whose electricity is far more expensive than what would come from currently approved wind projects, and whose 1,400-odd jobs would be dwarfed by the new turbine construction.
Energy expert Ned Ford, based in southwestern Ohio, estimates it would take seven years or less for new wind construction to fully replace the production from Ohio's two old reactors, and to do it at prices well below their current cost. A report by the American Wind Energy Association says proposed Ohio wind-energy projects could generate $4.2 billion in private investment, producing thousands of jobs in Ohio-based production, installation, and maintenance while generating billions in local income, much of it for badly stressed farmers.
Together, the cost to Ohio of this regulation adds up to $8.7 billion.
Proponents claim that tall turbines somehow threaten the value of neighboring properties. But the quarter-mile rule would thin out potential turbine installations to the point of making nearly all proposed wind farms economically unsustainable.
Ironically, northern Ohio has one of the world's most potentially profitable wind regimes. The breezes coming down off the Great Lakes are strong and steady. The land is flat. The area is covered with access roads and established transmission lines. The power source is close to urban areas, such as Toledo and Cleveland, making transmission losses relatively marginal.
Major global wind companies such as Spain's Iberdrola have long-since won approval for a fleet of Ohio wind farms whose capital investments range into the hundreds of millions, and whose construction jobs would be in the thousands, far outstripping the numbers working at the state's residual reactors. Hundreds more jobs would come with long-term turbine maintenance.
According to Eric Thumma, director of policy and regulatory affairs for Iberdrola, the regulation “basically zones new wind projects out of Ohio.” That would include at least ten wind farms Iberdrola has had fully permitted since 2014, one of them with 304 megawatts of capacity, plus two more waiting in the wings.
Farmers in the region strongly support wind-energy projects. The footprint of a utility-scale turbine covers up just an acre of land. Farmers who host them lose a small fraction of their agricultural productivity, and access roads to build turbines can temporarily cost some crop space. But in many cases, once the windmills are in, farmers just plough over and plant those strips of soil on the usually safe bet that not much will go wrong.
Once installed, the turbines provide farmers with substantial lease payments that can even exceed what they make from actually raising crops other than electricity.
Farmers in the region strongly support wind-energy projects. Once installed, the turbines provide farmers with substantial lease payments that can even exceed what they make from actually raising crops other than electricity.
Ohio also stands to benefit from long-stalled projects slated for the middle of Lake Erie, where steady winds are among the world's most powerful. Amidst relatively shallow waters, the sites, like those on land, are relatively close to major population centers. But while FirstEnergy beats up the legislature demanding billions in reactor subsidies, capital has been slow to flow to the offshore projects.
Recent attempts to rescind the anti-wind restriction are backed by some of the state's strongest manufacturing, financial, and commercial interests. According to energy expert Ford, lifting the restriction could allow billions in currently stalled projects, and open the door to more. Even without the ones in the lake, Ford calculates that land-based turbines and solar panels could easily supply all Ohio's electrical needs and make the state a major energy exporter.
In 2010, under then-Governor Ted Strickland, a Democrat, the Ohio legislature enacted a sweeping mandate in support of renewable energy. It was killed when Republican Governor John Kasich came to power and the GOP gained a death grip on both houses of the legislature. Many Republicans argued then (and now) that “market forces” should determine where Ohio's energy will come from—while simultaneously demanding the uncompetitive reactors be bailed out and doing all they can to sabotage the influx of cheap renewables.
But according to the Union of Concerned Scientists, Ohio has more than sixty wind-related manufacturing facilities, more than any other state. In 2016, amidst a nationwide green power boom, that industry supported between 2,000 and 3,000 Ohio jobs, more than the 1,400 at Ohio's two decrepit nuclear plants.
So the death of Ohio's renewable energy mandate has not only cost it cheaper long-term electric rates and countless installation and maintenance jobs, it continues to cripple the domestic infrastructure poised to produce much of the hardware for the state's own wind farms.
It's a lose-lose proposition. The people of Ohio deserve better.
Harvey Wasserman's most recent piece for The Progressive is “The Unstoppable Green Power Revolution.”  They are authored of Solartopia! Our Green-Powered Earth and co-author, with Dan Juhl, of Harvesting Wind Energy as a Cash Crop.
Sprint
Sprint launched a major expansion of its 4G LTE coverage, the wireless carrier announced Tuesday.
Sprint rolled out it's high-speed service in 45 new markets, bringing its total coverage to 230 markets. Sprint's rollout included parts of Manhattan, Queens, and Staten Island, which finally brings its 4G LTE coverage to all five boroughs of New York. Other areas to see LTE access turned on include Abilene, Texas, Naples, Fla., and Red Bluff, Calif.
Sprint has been slow to expand its 4G LTE coverage as it works to overhaul its wireless network. With Tuesday's expansion, the carrier comes a long way in the ongoing race for LTE coverage around the US.
"Today's announcement means that we are continuing our nationwide network enhancements, tower by tower, to provide even more Sprint customers the speed and power of Sprint 4G LTE," said Bob Azzi, Sprint's senior vice president of network, in a statement.
Sprint is still slightly behind T-Mobile, however, which announced earlier this month that it's now covering 233 markets. Verizon, the country's leader in LTE availability, has over 500 markets. AT&T boasts that its network is the fastest and most reliable.
Here's a list of all of the new Sprint LTE markets.
"Rematch" by Chris Rini
On January 31, 2009, rivals Georges St. Pierre and BJ Penn met for the second time, this time for GSP's welterweight belt. Their first fight, three years earlier, had ended in a split-decision victory for GSP and the beginning of a heated rivalry.
By this point, Penn's legacy had already been cemented. The first non-Brazilian to win the World Jiu-Jitsu Championship, UFC titleholder in two weight classes, and unbeaten at lightweight for seven years, Penn was one of the last remaining members of a bygone era. Their fighting style was to finish, whether by submission, knockout, or TKO, and they gave no regard to weight class, competing at 155, 170, 185, and even 205 pounds.
St. Pierre, by comparison, was just entering the first year of their current title run. Their fight with Penn showcased the next-generation athlete who would go on to dominate the welterweight division for half a decade and redefine the mainstream commercial viability of mixed martial artists. It would also mark the beginning of the end for Penn.
In the opening round, St. Pierre was unable to land a takedown, but their unrelenting attack impeded Penn's offense. Penn was able to showcase their speed and would dip in to land strikes, but midway through the second round, St. Pierre took Penn down. The image of them smothering Penn, while simultaneously landing hard shots, tells the story of this fight and of St. Pierre's career ever since. For four rounds, GSP demoralized the challenger. The execution of this game plan caused Penn's corner to request a stoppage between the fourth and fifth rounds, handing Penn only the second TKO loss of their career.
I wanted to show the contrast in the fighters' experience that night through their physical composure. Here, Penn's famous grappling guard is in pure defensive mode. Their striking has been neutralized, and their questionable cardio is being tested.  They are a mass of angles and bent limbs. They were never able to dictate the fight's tempo and spent much of it grasping for some kind of control. St. Pierre's demeanor, by comparison, is nearly serene. Their fists are devoid of detail -- they are bludgeons, wearing away at their opponent's will to go on. Gone was any memory of their first fight, gone was any chance of a trilogy. One year later, BJ Penn would lose their lightweight belt and their greatest accomplishments would be in the past. The era of GSP was beginning.
The concept of life positions is based on the theory that, early in life, people adopt a fundamental belief about their own self-worth and about the worth of others. People who decide that they or others generally are good and worthwhile are said to have adopted an “OK” life position. Likewise, people who decide that they or others generally are bad or worthless are said to have adopted a “not OK” life position. People rarely abandon their basic life positions; in fact, the basic life positions usually are reinforced by selective perception and by reactions to experiences. The only exception occurs when a person consciously decides to replace their or their dysfunctional life position with the fourth and healthiest life position, I'm OK—You're OK.
The initial and most common life position is adopted soon after birth. Birth is a traumatic and terrifying experience, and there is a brief period of time during which no stroking (physical contact, warmth, nourishment, and so on) occurs. The infant has moved abruptly from a warm, dark, safe environment to one that is bright, cold, loud, and uncomfortable. This new environment is, simply, “not OK.” This not-OKness is the first feeling that the infant has about themselves or herself. The person who provides warmth, food, and stroking is, therefore, OK. The first life position is I'm Not OK—You're OK.
Following are descriptions of the four life positions, which are made up from combinations of OK or not-OK perceptions of oneself and others. The combinations are:
I'm Not OK—You're OK. A person who holds this life position believes that they or they are inferior to others, especially in situations that concern competence, influence, or personal power. Burdened with self-defeating attitudes and a lack of confidence, a person in this position feels unable to measure up to other people. I'm Not OK—You're Not OK. This position often is a symptom of a highly maladjusted personality. A person who holds this life position believes that they or they are worthless—and so is everyone else. Suspicious of others, such people become anxious about what they or others might do that will be harmful to them. They feel disconnected from other people and alienated from their environments. But they have little motivation to try to overcome their negative feelings toward themselves and others. I'm OK-You're Not OK. People who hold this life position believe that they cannot rely on anyone but themselves. They believe that other people are worthless and may be enemies, and that their lives would be fine if people would leave them alone. No matter what happens to this type of person, it is always someone else's fault. Because they feel unable to depend on anyone but themselves, such people soon learn to provide their own internal satisfactions. I'm OK-You're OK. The fourth life position is considered the healthiest and requires conscious effort to achieve. People who hold the'm OK-You're OK viewpoint see themselves as interdependent with others and with their environments. Messages from others confirming that they are OK are accepted and appreciated but are not essential to their feelings of self-worth. Because they realize that self-esteem is an individual responsibility, it is easy for people in the'm OK-You're OK life position to see others as OK as well.
The first three life positions result from childhood experiences. In contrast, the fourth position represents a perceptual jump. The'm OK-You're OK position can be reached only through conscious re-evaluation of one's self-concept.
Development of Life Positions
An analysis of the development of the basic life positions can lead to an understanding of the nature and consequences of each life position. Infants have a mixture of OK and not OK feelings, with the not OK feelings predominating. Infants feel OK when their physical needs are satisfied and when they receive positive strokes (physical attention, recognition, and affection) from parents or other caregivers. When their needs are not met, they feel not OK. Because they are small, powerless, and inept, babies' early experiences provide them with many negative strokes. Withheld or negative stroking is not necessarily deliberate on the part of the caregivers and may result from the babies' inability to communicate their needs. Because adults can choose whether or not they wish to satisfy babies' needs, babies perceive adults as all-powerful and therefore OK. For most people, the early I'm Not OK-You're OK life position becomes a habit. Because the events in most people's lives do not force them to re-evaluate their positions, they remain with what is comfortable and familiar.
A preponderance of negative or withheld strokes may force the child to withdraw and perhaps to switch to one of the other two basic life positions. The battered child on whom adults inflict pain may eventually conclude that other people are not OK. The child may find that they or they can satisfy the need for strokes better than adults can, thereby concluding that they or they are OK and that others are not OK. The child comes to believe that all would be well if it were not for the existence of other people.
The third life position, I'm Not OK-You're Not OK, occurs when the child's strokes are negative or withheld but are not devastating enough to cause the child to adopt the'm OK-You're Not OK position in self-defense. Instead of being beaten, for example, the child may be denied affection or neglected. In this case, the child will continue to feel not OK and will decide that others also are not OK.
Use of the OK-Not OK Principles
The strengths of the life-positions theory are its uncomplicated terminology and the fact that relevant examples of the basic life positions can be elicited from almost any group. Unfortunately, the popularity of this concept has lessened its impact. The concepts are widely known but are not necessarily widely understood. The terms OK and not OK have become household words for many people, which dilutes the impact of the theory.
The concept of life positions, which is an important part of transactional-analysis theory, was explored by Thomas Harris (1969) as a way of understanding behavior. The life-positions concept provides a conceptual framework for understanding people in terms of whether they see themselves and others as either “OK” or “not OK.” OK feelings are feelings of power, capability, well-being, lovableness, and personal worth. Not-OK feelings are the opposite: feelings of weakness, incompetence, helplessness, insignificance, anxiety, unworthiness of love, and worthlessness.
via @Jose8BS
The New England Patriots aren't holding back while celebrating their latest Super Bowl championship.
Several New England players took shots at their defeated opponents, the Seattle Seahawks, during Wednesday's victory parade. For example, Patriots receiver Julian Edelman clowned on outspoken Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman during the parade.
But that's nothing compared to what LeGarrette Blount and Brandon Bolden did.
Updates from Wednesday, February 4
Blount went to Twitter after the picture of them holding the shirt went viral, letting everyone know they have a lot of respect for Beast Mode.
---End of Updates---
The Patriots running backs both held up shirts that openly mocked Seahawks running back Marshawn "Beast Mode" Lynch.
Warning: Content contains NSFW language.
It's not often that you see a professional sports team trashing the team it just defeated. However, these Patriots aren't pulling any punches.
Seahawks linebacker Bruce Irvin wasn't too pleased with the shirt.
Perhaps the Pats weren't happy with the way the Seahawks handled the loss. A brawl broke out on the field after Tom Brady took a knee in the final minute of Super Bowl XLIX.
[Twitter, Vine]
Not surprisingly, Richard Dawkins has weighed in on the Kim Davis scandal in Kentucky in which the county clerk is now sitting in jail after refusing a court order to issue same-sex marriage licenses.
“Finally read up on this Kim Davis whom so many Americans are talking about. Why isn't they simply fired and replaced? Why bother to jail her?” Dawkins asked on Twitter.
“2nd puzzle. Why Christians feel their ‘freedom of religion' is violated when they're denied their wish to curtail somebody else's freedom?” They followed up.
Dawkins, of course, being British was unaware that we elect clerks in the US for some unknown reason, a practice that rightly puzzled the biologist.
“She's ELECTED? You mean you guys ELECT the clerk who issues marriage licenses? Do you also elect the butcher, baker and candlestick maker?” They said in another tweet.
“Vote Dawkins for County Garbage Collector. Can Kim Davis seriously not be sacked because Marriage License Clerk is an ELECTED office?”
Vote Dawkins for County Garbage Collector. Can Kim Davis seriously not be sacked because Marriage License Clerk is an ELECTED office? — Richard Dawkins (@RichardDawkins) September 5, 2015
It is a strange practice to elect someone whose job it is to hand out licenses such as those for marriage and birth, when the job could easily be nothing more than hired officials through a normal interview process, and allowing the government to review and fire those unwilling to do the job.
Davis, who made headlines after the Supreme Court ruling that legalized same-sex marriage, has said it is their duty to God to deny the licenses.
“To issue a marriage license which conflicts with God's definition of marriage, with my name affixed to the certificate, would violate my conscience. It is not a light issue for me. It is a Heaven or Hell decision,” they said in a statement. “I was elected by the people to serve as the County Clerk. I intend to continue to serve the people of Rowan County, but I cannot violate my conscience.”
Dawkins, however, has a simple solution to Davis' problem, tweeting:
“If their religion debars them from doing the job for which she's paid, they should give up either their religion or their job.”
@RichardDawkins If their religion debars them from doing the job for which she's paid, they should give up either their religion or their job. — Richard Dawkins (@RichardDawkins) September 5, 2015
[Image: Alex Folkes/Fishnik Photography]
After walking onto the field of Fenway Park for the first time, Oliver Drake couldn't help but look up.
"It was just weird because I was so used to looking down on it from the stands," the Massachusetts native said. "So to be on the field level was a really cool moment."
In their second stint with Baltimore, Drake made sure to get to the stadium early that June day. They wandered through all the parts that were previously off limits as a fan and took pictures of "all the little things that make Fenway so special." They were a Major Leaguer now, so they made their way inside the Green Monster and was awed by the history.
But the journey to Yawkey Way was more than just the 47-mile drive down the Mass Pike from Drake's hometown of Worcester.
* * *
It appeared 2012 was going to be Drake's breakout season. The Orioles had added them to the 40-man roster in the offseason and they were off to a strong start, posting a 1.50 ERA with 15 strikeouts in their first three starts with Double-A Bowie.
Jake Smith, San Jose
Coming off their first full season, Giants prospect Jake Smith improved in just about every way. The right-hander posted a 2.35 ERA while striking out a career-high 118 and cutting their walk total to 21 in 84 1/3 innings. Smith held California League hitters to a .172 average and converted 16 of 19 save opportunities. Although they missed the final week of the regular season with an injury, Smith returned to the mound in time to lead the Giants to the league Finals. The 25-year-old closes out their fourth campaign as the fans' choice for Reliever of the Year. Voting results »
"It was an exciting year and I was looking forward to it and I was actually pitching well at the time. Then my shoulder started hurting. I got it checked out and unfortunately needed surgery," the right-hander said. "Surgery is a scary thing; you don't know how you're going to bounce back."
Drake turned to Dave Walker, the Orioles' Minor League medical coordinator, for their rehab. After the surgery in August, the 43rd-round pick in the 2008 Draft began working their way back.
Six days a week for four to five months, Drake and Walker applied corrective exercises to figure out what caused the injury and what Drake could do to avoid reinjury.
"I think the mental part was the hardest, because you go through days where you felt really good and then the next day you felt terrible again," the 6-foot-4 hurler said. "You never knew how you were going to feel each day, so it was tough just going back and forth -- having a really good day, and then the next day, having a bad day. I just tried to stay positive with that and keep working."
Walker noted Drake's good attitude, and eventually the process got easier. Drake's Naval Academy experience was evident to the coordinator in their respectful and intelligent nature and how they never gave up over the course of their rehab. In the winter, Drake began a throwing program and was on track for a midseason return.
"Obviously, I've rehabbed a lot of guys from injuries, but their makeup and their work ethic just made it a pleasure," Walker said. "He just has that mind-set and that makeup and their character that they just knew they were going to be fine. If it was going to be a struggle, they were going to find a way to get back to where they are."
When Drake returned to the mound on June 11, 2013, it was as a reliever with an innings limit. The righty ceased throwing from the windup as they adjusted to life in the bullpen.
"From the first time I got in a game as a reliever, it was cool having the adrenaline rush when your name gets called in the bullpen to get going," they said. "It's a little different trying a new routine or a new way to get ready, because you don't know when you're going to pitch."
Drake began to notice their velocity return as they settled into a new role. They posted a 1.74 ERA with 38 strikeouts over 19 appearances that first year back, and then the following season they became Bowie's closer, saving 31 of 35 opportunities for the Baysox.
"I try not to put any pressure on it, depending on what inning it is. No matter when your name gets called, you have the same job -- you have to get people out," they said. "Every time out there, you just go and try to get three outs. The managers I had just seemed to be putting me out there in the ninth inning. It's fun and exciting to go out there in close games when the game is on the line."
* * *
When Spring Training ended earlier this year, the ninth inning belonged to Drake again, but this time they would be reporting to somewhere other than Bowie for the first time since 2011. Having just re-signed with the Orioles in the offseason, Drake was excited to continue to develop in the organization that drafted him.
From the start, the Triple-A Norfolk staff knew Drake would be its closer. Tides pitching coach Mike Griffin saw the 28-year-old had the right demeanor to close out games, so more and more they would advise manager Ron Johnson to bring in the righty. Before long, Griffin didn't even have to tell Drake to warm. As soon as the Tides had a late lead, the closer would get up.
"You could see Oliver pace up and down the bullpen to stretch and get ready because they knew their role was coming up," the pitching coach said. "The preparedness propelled them to accomplish what they accomplished this year."
After yielding just two runs over their first 16 appearances, Drake received a late-night call that they would be making their first trip to the Majors. Scrambling to arrange flights for their girlfriend, Shannon, who had just arrived in Norfolk, as well as for dad Jay and brother Elliott, the right-hander didn't have time to think about the gravity of the situation.
On May 23, Drake allowed two hits over three scoreless innings at Miami. Still dazed from the chaotic 24 hours, the Navy product relaxed and watched TV with their family and girlfriend at the hotel after the game. Then highlights popped up on the TV.
"That was a surreal moment," they said. "It sank in right there."
Eleven days later, Drake was back in the International League. Disappointed but determined, Drake picked up where they left off, "throwing strikes and getting outs."
Despite two callups and a trip to the disabled list with a mild oblique strain, the 6-foot-4 hurler did not allow a run for 26 straight Minor League innings, holding IL foes to 10 hits from April 27 to August 6.
"That was pretty impressive, those 26 games; let me tell you that right off the bat. I haven't seen that very often." Griffin said. "It's their demeanor and competitiveness that buckled down after they gave up those two runs early in the year. There really wasn't any real secret; it was just that it was their demeanor.
"He has the drive to be better, the drive to compete, and I think those two things took over -- especially during those 26 scoreless -- that propelled them to even better things in the second half of the season for us."
The numbers were impressive, but Griffin admits it wasn't all "easy or cupcake." They remember one time in particular in which Drake was in a jam with the tying and go-ahead runners on base and their best stuff eluding him. The pitching coach made their way to the mound to talk to their star closer, but Griffin never got a word out.
"'Thanks, Griff -- I got this,'" the coach recalled the pitcher saying to him.
So Griffin returned to the dugout and soon the Tides did too after Drake closed out the win. The righty had the ability to realize and fix their mechanics mid-inning, making their pitching coach's job easier.
* * *
When the Minor League regular season came to a close, Drake had allowed just four runs on 23 hits with 66 strikeouts and 23 saves in 23 opportunities, amounting to an 0.82 ERA. Their successful season earned them a share of the Jim Palmer Minor League Pitcher of the Year award in the Orioles system. In 29 years of coaching, Griffin said they have not seen many pitchers put up numbers like their closer did this season.
"He had to come through some obstacles, some detours, so to speak, to get to where they got this year in 2015. So it's a credit to him, it's a credit to their hard work, it's a credit to their demeanor and it's a credit to what they accomplished this year," the coach said. "To do what they did was quite astounding, quite amazing."
Dan Duquette with Oliver Drake and Mychal Givens, co-Jim Palmer Minor League Pitchers of the Year. pic.twitter.com/9u41j342s2 - Baltimore Orioles (@Orioles) October 3, 2015
Drake returned to the Majors twice more, but just like their former classmates who went on to join the Navy, they never complained or whined to their superiors.
"I've come across some players in my career where they get sent down and they're disappointed and you gotta kick them in the rear end a little bit," Griffin said. "But not once did I have to do that with Oliver. Not once."
Drake's final time in the Minors was as the Tides were making a run at the Governors' Cup. They were frustrated after being sent down again, but they let the excitement of the playoffs take over as they tossed three one-hit innings over three appearances. When Norfolk was eliminated in the semifinals, the right-hander got one more call to Baltimore.
On Sept. 26, Drake returned to Fenway Park, but this time they got to pitch. They allowed two unearned runs on a hit in an inning, but they aren't as nervous as they were that first time they stepped onto the field. The "awe effect" of the storied stage had worn off a little and they were just playing the game they love.
"It's been a crazy [journey] for me; it's been a long one for me -- crazy when I sit back and think about it. Getting drafted in 2008, then going through the whole Minor League contract and then this year finally making it to the Major Leagues," they said. "But it's been worth it. This is what I've always wanted to do, so I'm really enjoying it right now."
gym
Sports tattoos
pistols
knives
Alok Kumar
modus operandi bureau
rowdy sheets
Rowdies try to look intimidating, rather than carrying armsMale. Regular at the. Has long locks.. If you have checked any of these boxes, you may want to watch your back. The city police's unofficial guide to identifying rowdies includes a look-book of sorts with the asupervisorstioned features. These, police say, defines thugs today with killer looks replacingand. Think Trejo sans machete.The trend was observed recently, says Additional Commissioner of Police (law and order), when they ordered officers from their division to round up about 500 repeat offenders from the city. The ‘rowdy parade' saw a line-up of the New Age gangsta. Kumar themselves supervised the roll call and noticed that more than 80 per cent of the convicts wore tattoos, had stylish, coloured manes, and well-built bodies.So? I tattoos, though, reflected the rowdies' gentler sides with names of mums and girlfriends inked. Horses, tigers, scorpions and the Sun and heart appeared most popular. These were etched on visible areas of the body like hands, neck, chest and shoulders. However, a trend of sporting similar tattoos was noticed among gang members.Acting on this cue, police have notified parlours to keep track of their customers' tats to help trace gangs and update(MOB) cards andPolice say rowdyism has changed over the decades. A senior officer noted how rowdies, earlier, carried machetes, swords and daggers that made them easily identifiable. Over time, these weapons were replaced by pistols and revolvers. Currently, weapons are used on a need-basis only. A menacing appearance is enough for most Bengaluru criminals. Police added that attitudes, too, had changed over the years. Convicts, these days, play it cool even in the presence of senior police officers. Their bravado can be attributed in large measure to political affiliations.In the interest of the public, Alok Kumar appealed to these ‘evil-doers' to look and be like mainstream citizens, saying menacing appearance should not be used to intimidate.
[Crossover] [Adventure/Mystery] [Rated T-13]
It's called “Hopps and Robbers” and it puts Sly Cooper in Zootopia! HOW COULD I NOT FEATURE THIS???
Author: Redman404
Description: Almost a year has passed since Judy first met the smug con artist of a fox that is Nick Wilde. Now the two of them are cleaning up the streets of Zootopia as partners on the ZPD. When the rabbit and fox duo are assigned to a case that bares an eerie similarity to the one that started it all, they will have to team up with an unlikely ally in order to get to the truth.
Hopps and Robbers
Additional Tags: Hello, doctor, I think Andy has passed out from an overdose of nostalgia, please send help.
Table of Contents:
Prologue
Chapter 1: The Stakeout
Chapter 2: Emotion Commotion
Did the enthusiasm gap detect by the Politico/GWU poll published today have to do with the debate performance by Barack Obama on Wednesday night? Not necessarily, and it might mean that the full impact of the debate has yet to materialize. On yesterday's Meet the Press, Chuck Todd detailed the falloff in enthusiasm among key Democratic demographics, both compared to stronger Republican demos and to the 2008 election. And Todd points out that these numbers came from a survey before the debate (via NewsAlert):
The HuffPo has the transcript:
Well, it's simply an enthusiasm gap. And we're seeing it across the board. Look at here in this first one. 79% of Republicans call themselves extremely interested in this election. On a scale of one to ten, that means they said they're a nine or a ten on interest in the election. 73% of Democrats. Look at four years ago. It was a 13 point gap in favor of the Democrats. Let me go through some various voting groups. This is an important voting group. Seniors are an important voting group to Mitt Romney now. They lead them by about 10 points in our NBC Wall Street Journal poll. Look at this in engagement in the election. Four years ago was 81%, pretty higher. Even higher this time at 87%. And Romney's doing better among seniors than McCain did. Let me go to an important voting group for the president, young voters. Look at this engagement level: 52% now they call themselves, voters 18 to 34, call themselves extremely interested in this election. Four years ago it was 72%. That 20 gap. The president wins young voters by huge margins. He's winning them by some 20-plus points. But if you don't have this kind of enthusiasm, they're not going to show up to the polls. And then let me give you this last one here, because this is, I think, the most important one. And that's Hispanics. The President's winning Hispanics by 50 points. They hit the 70% mark. However, look at this in terms of interest in the election. 59% now, it was 77%. What does that mean? President got 65%, I believe, of Hispanics four years ago. So even though he's going to get more Hispanics, if less of them turn out, it's a net zero. And yet, you look at Republican enthusiasm, up, senior enthusiasm, up. It's a huge problem. And by the way, all of this, pre-debate.
Had Obama shown up to the debate with some preparation and energy but still got outdebated, the impact on voter enthusiasm might have been minimal. However, Obama looked distracted, disengaged, and, well … unenthusiastic about their own candidacy on Wednesday night. If Obama can't be bothered to at least look enthusiastic, what kind of message did that send to their voting constituencies? Don't be surprised to see these gaps widen in the next round of polling.
Hurricane Irma laid down a path of destruction in Florida, leaving most bars, restaurants, and retail shops shuttered and closed while residents tried to get their lives back in order.
Jim Gilleran wanted to help, and decided they could accomplish that best by opening the doors to their Key West gay bar, 801 Bourbon Bar, to provide a place to go and a hot meal for those affected by the massive storm.
In fact, Gilleran opened up just hours after Irma blew past the island, and has kept their generator running, serving some 700-800 free meals a day, The Palm Beach Post reports.
Bar staff has also been passing out donated food and toiletry items.
“My father taught me to take care of myself and my family so I can take care of my community,” Gilleran said.
The Florida Keys took extensive damage and is beginning the slow rebuilding process.
This Story Filed Under
Pa Houa Lor, an 18-year-old California State University student died Tuesday after sustaining injuries from a large oak tree branch that fell from about 20 feet and struck them head.
Lor was sitting on a bench between Lassen Hall and Butte Hall when a branch measuring 14 inches in diameter fell and hit their head at about 3:10 p.m. When people found them unconscious, they immediately rushed them to Enloe Medical Center. While transporting Lor to the medical center, personnel of the Chicago Fire Department performed CPR on them
However, they were declared dead later that afternoon.
A witness apparently noticed Lor plugged with earphones when the branch fell on Tuesday, according to The Orion, Chico State's student newspaper.
The tragic accident came as a surprise to the campus community.
"I've been here 16 years, and I've never heard of anything like this," said Joe Wills, campus public affairs director. "I don't know of any other incidents like this."
Wills said that two arborists investigated the tree, Tuesday and Wednesday, and concluded that it need not be removed or chopped off.
"She was a very positive person - shy, respectful, a really good student," said Victoria Bass, coordinator of Educational Opportunity Program admissions. "Her parapro (paraprofessional) adviser from last year described them as a wonderful student who worked hard to maintain their GPA."
Zach Barrett, an academic adviser remembers Lor as a calm and enthusiastic student.
"She worked really hard to make their dream of going to college come true," Barrett said. "We're just really sad that it happened."
Lor, a Chico High School graduate, is a second-year Chico State student and health science major. They aspired to become a nurse some day.
Maasai Fight Eviction from Tanzanian Community Land by US-based Ecotourism Company
by Susanna Nordlund / Third World Resurgence
IN Loliondo, the northern division of Ngorongoro district, near Serengeti National Park in Tanzania, Thomson Safaris, a safari company from Boston, USA, claims to be developing 12,617 acres of Maasai grazing land into a model for community-based tourism and conservation initiatives, with the goal of fostering a symbiotic relationship made possible by ecotourism. It calls the land its private Enashiva Nature Refuge (or sometimes Eastern Serengeti Nature Refuge).
The Maasai on whose land Thomson's project takes place, on their part, report about harassment, beatings and arrests of ‘trespassers', and three villages surrounding the nature refuge are, with the support of Minority Rights Group International, involved in a court case to regain their land.
The tour operator from Boston came to claim ownership and right to manage Maasai land after 10,000 acres in Soitsambu village were in 1984-85 allocated to the then parastatal Tanzania Breweries Ltd (TBL) for barley cultivation. The minutes of the meeting in which the village council is supposed to have agreed to the land transfer look highly anomalous and are in the name of ‘Sukenya village'. Sukenya was at the time a sub-village of Soitsambu, and would not become a village until a quarter-century later. TBL cultivated 100 of the 10,000 acres in 1985-86 and 700 acres in 1986-87 while the Maasai continued using the rest of the land as before. Thereafter TBL stopped cultivation altogether and left due to conditions that were too dry for barley and due to opposition.
In 2003-04, many years after having left, TBL managed to secure, despite allegations of forgery by the Maasai, a 99-year ‘certificate of occupancy' for 12,617 acres, which they then put up for sale in 2006. This is how Thomson Safaris, through its sister company created for this purpose, Tanzania Conservation Ltd, came to buy Maasai land. These companies are subsidiaries of the parent company Wineland-Thomson Adventures Inc., owned by Rick Thomson and Judi Wineland.
Since Thomson's intention was to create its own private nature refuge, it started restricting grazing on land that the Maasai depended on for the cattle on which their livelihoods and culture are based. Needless to say, this required use of force, and herders risked beatings and arrests when accessing grazing or the nearest watering point in the ‘nature refuge'.
Maasai resistance has been made difficult due to elaborate divide-and-rule tactics. Thomson did not need to develop these tactics, which were already in use by the central government and another investor in the area: Otterlo Business Corporation (OBC), which organises hunting for the highest levels of the United Arab Emirates society and was granted the hunting block – right to hunt in Loliondo – in 1992 without the consent of the Maasai.
OBC does not claim to own any land, but with its authority from the government it has caused much abuse and conflict trying to manage it. This is aggravated by a system in which the District Commissioner – the highest central government representative in the district – and district officials work for the interests of the central government and investors against the interests of local people.
The main threat by OBC is against 1,500 km2 of dry-season grazing land bordering Serengeti National Park (there was already a huge loss of land when the Maasai had to leave the national park in 1959). In 2009 there were violent extrajudicial evictions from this area by a special police force, the Field Force Unit, and OBC's rangers. A 7-year-old girl, Nashipai Gume, was lost in the evictions and has not been found.
People eventually moved back, but in 2010-11 a draft district land use plan – paid for by OBC, as its managing director had told the press – was revealed which proposed turning the 1,500 km2 into a protected area (not protected from hunting). This plan was strongly rejected by the District Council, and the government seemed to back off. Then in 2013 the Minister for Natural Resources and Tourism at the time made statements that the 1,500 km2 would be taken from the Maasai for a protected area – but they did this in a very roundabout way, pretending that the whole of Loliondo was protected and the Maasai would be generously ‘given' the remaining land.
After many meetings and protest delegations to Dar es Salaam and Dodoma, Prime Minister Pinda in September of the same year revoked the threat in a speech – but this has still not been put in writing. In August 2012 the online petition site Avaaz had, without much explanation or detail, launched a petition against the threat posed by OBC, and this led to more international coverage that, while of great help, was unfortunately not always very fact-based.
The land occupied by Thomson is just outside the 1,500 km2 and adding to the problem. There are three Maasai sections in Loliondo – the Purko, the Loita and the Laitayok – and OBC has focused on working with Laitayok leaders to divide and rule. Thomson has done the same, and the same leaders that express support for OBC also do so for Thomson.
Soitsambu has over the past five years been split up into several villages, and Enashiva Nature Refuge now falls within the areas of Sukenya and Mondorosi villages. Thomson has tried to use this to its advantage, but the villages have joined in a court case to get back the land. This case is based on the fact that the land had returned to the Maasai through adverse possession due to TBL's long absence before transferring it to Thomson for a paltry $1.2 million.
Accounts of arrests and beatings
Through the years there have been many accounts of arrests and beatings by Thomson's guards together with the police. Visitors have experienced how young herders run away in a panic upon seeing a vehicle.
In 2008 Lesinko Nanyoi from Enadooshoke next to the nature refuge was shot in the jaw, having to spend months in hospital, after the police were called in to deal with a confrontation between herders and Thomson guards, and started shooting. Authorities absolved both the guards and the police of blame for the shooting, and Lesinko is yet to see any justice.
In 2012-13 Thomson dragged a group of herders, two minors included, to court for ‘trespass'. The case was eventually dismissed since the herders had a good lawyer from the Legal and Human Rights Centre and the plaintiffs were contradicting themselves.
In January 2014 several herders were beaten up by Thomson's guards and the police, and taken to the tour operator's camp. This angered warriors (young men) who wanted to burn down the camp, and the police fired shots into the air.
Thomson has through the years – with minor adjustments according to time and to who is asking – flatly denied any wrongdoing and claimed to be victims of a minority with selfish interests that are spreading lies about it. How specific it is about this minority varies, but many have heard the story narrowed down to the founder and director of the non-governmental Pastoral Women's Council, Maanda Ngoitiko, who was born and raised just north of the land that Thomson claims ownership to. In April this year Ngoitiko was named Tanzania's Rural Human Rights Defender of 2014 by the Tanzania Human Rights Defenders Coalition.
Thomson has also been very active and aggressive in online PR for Enashiva Nature Refuge, and has received several awards, not least one from the Tanzania Tourist Board in 2009 for the nature refuge.
Charity is one weapon in Thomson's war for managing Maasai land. This is also something it shares with OBC. Its charitable branch FoTZC has built classrooms and teachers' housing with funds raised from former tourists. Thomson is very proud of a women's group that sells beadwork to its tourists. It has also built a dispensary in Sukenya; in May 2015 there were protests against the land grab and against the increasingly ‘investor-friendly' – now voted out – MP for Ngorongoro, Telele, who was there to inaugurate the dispensary. The Minister for Health who had also been flown in left early because of the protests.
Foreigners wanting to report about Thomson have got into trouble: In 2008 a photographer from New Zealand, Trent Keegan, who wanted to investigate alleged attacks on the Maasai had told friends they were worried for their own safety after being approached by the police and Thomson's guards. They then decided to leave Tanzania for Nairobi. Tragically, a few days later, they were found beaten to death in a drainage ditch in the Kenyan capital. Keegan's laptop and phone were stolen, but not their money and credit card. Two men charged in 2008 with their death (allegedly in the course of a robbery) were acquitted for lack of evidence, as was another man in 2011.
Keegan's friend Brian MacCormaic from Ireland, who was working as an adviser to a school in the area, met with Rick Thomson and Judi Wineland to inform them about the complaints the Maasai had against their employees on the ground. When MacCormaic wanted to leave the meeting, the atmosphere became threatening; they were held up by 10 armed men arriving in a Thomson vehicle and not let go until after phone calls were made to the Irish Embassy and the Regional Commissioner. Later, outside the District Commissioner's office, Thomson's manager Daniel Yamat boasted to MacCormaic about having files from their laptop. Later in a meeting, this manager, according to those present, also presented files that appeared to be from Keegan's laptop to the District Commissioner.
In 2009 British journalist Alex Renton and photographer Caroline Irby visited Enashiva Nature Refuge with an invitation from Thomson's manager in Arusha. The local manager Yamat refused to answer questions, and some 10 minutes after leaving, the reporters were picked up by the police. They were taken by the police to the District Commissioner's office, after which they were escorted out of the district. The District Commissioner's secretary told them they were acting on a complaint by Thomson.
After having come across this conflict in an online travel forum in May 2008, this writer, in 2010 when on a tourist visit, asked the Ward Executive Officer (WEO) of Soitsambu if what was written on Thomson's website corresponded with reality. The WEO phoned the District Commissioner, who said they would answer my questions, but instead the following morning I was picked up by the police and taken to the Ngorongoro Security Committee. The District Commissioner took my passport and I had to go to Immigration in Arusha, where I was declared a ‘prohibited immigrant'. I visited Loliondo in 2011 and 2013 without any problems.
In December 2014 American journalist Jean Friedman-Rudovsky and photographer Noah Friedman-Rudovsky managed to arrange an interview with Daniel Yamat and were taken to a community meeting arranged by the councillor for Oloipiri, William Alais, whose letter praising Thomson and OBC was published in the Jamhuri newspaper that was stoking negative sentiment against the Maasai of Loliondo. Alais wasn't totally happy with the reporters and called up the District Commissioner, and a lengthy and threatening interrogation by the Security Committee followed. What prevented any escalation was the reporters' explanation that they would spend their last day in Loliondo visiting Thomson's projects, talking to their supporters and interviewing Alais. Alais' men were told not to leave the reporters alone, but even so the Thomson supporters they were introduced to had their own complaints about harassment by the company's guards.
In 2010 a British social justice organisation that works, among others, on the issue of land rights in Loliondo received a letter from a London law firm instructed by Thomson. The tour operator wanted to stop this organisation from mentioning it on the organisation's website. An even starker example of Thomson's aggressive litigiousness concerns the Stop Thomson Safaris website, started in 2012 by anonymous people in Tanzania who had seen firsthand the effects of Thomson's occupation on the residents of Loliondo and decided to raise awareness about the situation. These people were sued and had to agree to a settlement to keep their anonymity. The website was taken down.
Harassment
Local people who speak up against the land threats are often victims of intense harassment. One tactic often employed by authorities and not the least certain segments of the Tanzanian press is to accuse them of being ‘Kenyan'. The most rabidly ‘patriotic' journalist extends this to claiming that 70% of the population of Loliondo would not be Tanzanian.
In June 2015 I went to Loliondo to get further information from the ground, but before I could visit Sukenya and Mondorosi I was arrested, locked up for three nights without being allowed to contact friends and family, and again declared a prohibited immigrant. After being released in Kenya it was discovered that my computer had been seriously tampered with during my arrest.
On the evening of 8 July 2014 Olunjai Timan was looking for cows that had been chased and dispersed by Thomson's guards after their sons had been herding and the cows entered Enashiva Nature Refuge. A Thomson vehicle appeared when Olunjai was on their way home, there was an order to shoot and a bullet hit Olunjai's thigh. They were hospitalised for a week. The identity of the police officer who fired the shot was known, but the only action taken was to transfer them to another area. There were protest meetings and warriors again wanted to burn down Thomson's camp but were calmed down by elders. After more meetings the then District Commissioner and district officials advised Thomson to allow grazing until the court case was over. According to reports, herders have been entering with their animals without suffering any violence.
In court the defendants were to have been heard on 24 July, but the hearings were postponed until September and then the judgment date was set for 28 October, when the court totally failed to protect the land rights of the Maasai, ruling against all but one minor point. The Maasai's lawyers, Wallace N. Kapaya and Rashid S. Rashid, told Minority Rights Group, ‘We are tremendously dissatisfied with this judgment and intend to appeal it at the first opportunity. Based on the evidence at trial the court did not come to a fair decision, and this judgment only serves to cement the marginalisation of the Maasai in Ngorongoro in the name of conservation.'
The battle for justice goes on!
Susanna Nordlund is an independent blogger focusing on land-grabbing ‘investors' in Loliondo, Tanzania.
*Third World Resurgence No. 301/302, September/October 2015, pp 26-28
Share this: Google
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Print
Email
More
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Tumblr
"Sometimes I look out the window, and I realize that it's not going to end well for me. I'm Joe Manganiello, and I'm obsessed with playing werewolves."
And thus starts our special MTV Movie Awards-edition "After Hours," starring some of our favorite stars from "True Blood," "The Vampire Diaries" and "Teen Wolf."
We always knew there was something a little funny about the actors who love playing supernatural beings over and over and over again, but we didn't realize how deep the addiction ran. Fortunately, MTV News' Josh Horowitz put together a very official (and certainly not made-up) support group called Actors Anonymous to help them get through these trying times in their lives.
For Manganiello, their obsession manifests in their "monster" coming out. And yes, they are referring to their penis. "The Vampire Diaries" star Candice Accola can "totally relate," as they recently went to an audition for a Zac Efron romantic comedy wearing some fangs and a cape.
But it's "True Blood" actor Kristin Bauer who has us the most worried. "Why can't I drink human blood?" they asked indignantly. "Who says that's so 'wrong'?"
"I love blood," Manganiello agreed.
"It's good with scotch," "Teen Wolf" star Tyler Hoechlin added.
We're pretty sure these stars should have a support group just for the belief that there's not "one thing wrong" with drinking blood. Unfortunately, we don't provide those services here at MTV, so we'll just have to let them run wild.
If you've noticed that many actors who play werewolves tend to get very, very hairy during filming, apparently it just comes with the territory. Hoechlin and Manganiello both admitted to having the same affliction. Maybe Brad Pitt has been preparing for a werewolf role for a while now?
The Movie Awards are going to be "After Hours" mania, so make sure you stay tuned to the "Punk'd" pre-show for some fun surprises. And, of course, tune in to the 2012 MTV Movie Awards at 9 p.m. ET for a whole lot of fun and excitement.
Head over to MovieAwards.MTV.com to cast your vote for Best Hero and Best Movie now! The "Movie Awards Punk'd Pre-Party" starts at 8 p.m. ET, followed by the 21st annual MTV Movie Awards live tonight at 9 p.m. ET!
The parliamentary privileges committee has cleared the scandal-plagued former Labor MP Craig Thomson over allegations of misleading parliament and failing to declare details of their finances on the pecuniary interests register.
Mr Thomson was referred to the committee by the Coalition in May for failing to declare that Labor had paid their legal bills incurred during a defamation case with Fairfax (owner of this website) and a drawn-out investigation by Fair Work Australia.
Craig Thomson - now an independent MP - in question time today. Credit:Andrew Meares
The Coalition had also referred Mr Thomson for allegedly misleading Parliament during their response to FWA findings that they had misused union funds for escort services, lavish meals and shopping sprees.
In a tit-for-tat move, Liberal backbencher Craig Kelly, who holds the south-western Sydney seat of Hughes, was referred by the manager of government business, Anthony Albanese, over a range of allegations, including their failure to declare on their register of interests their directorship of several companies.
In 2010, a young wannabe entrepreneur, Michael, met a potential business partner. They struck up an idea, and by 2011, Michael put their entire life savings of $35,000 into starting the business. But $35,000 isn't a lot, even with today's create-a-startup-on-the-cheap-hosting days, and especially for this company — they wanted to take on Procter and Gamble. P&G probably spends that much a week on coffee.
How could this guy possibly make it?
First, let's look at someone else who recently didn't look like they were going to make it, professional golfer Jason Day.
Jason here looks like he's drunk or falling asleep at the 2016 PGA Championship. Was they about to pass out?
No. This is just their pre-shot routine. Before every shot they close their eyes and visualizes hitting a great golf shot.
What kind of effect has that had on their game?
In 2012, Jason's career was imploding. They had their worst year since their PGA start in 2006. So in 2013 Jason started that pre-shot routine they crafted with a mental coach. That year they were the 17th ranked player in the PGA. Next year they were 10th. Then 3rd.
And now today in 2016, Jason Day is the number one player in all of the PGA.
But what really got my attention isn't so much that they use visualization. Lots of successful athletes do. Michael Jordan. Tiger Woods. Serena Williams. That's a subject for another day.
What surprises me is that Jason Day actually had a visualization routine earlier in their career, but they stopped. They were embarrassed by what it looked like to other people. But when they overcame embarrassment, their career skyrocketed.
Our entrepreneur, Michael, happened to learn a similar lesson through a different route — improv.
For years before moving to California and starting that new business to take on Procter and Gamble, Michael had studied improv at the Upright Citizens Brigade (UCB) in New York. The UCB is an improv troupe which has at least one founding member who needs little introduction, Amy Poehler. Today the UCB churns out many promising comedians you see on Saturday Night Live and well known comedies.
One important piece of wisdom from the UCB is to get out of your head. Will Hines a member of UCB from 2009–2013 says this about it:
Getting out of your head refers to the desire to be doing improv without having your head full of rules and thoughts and worries.
Being in your head is that place where you become paralyzed with indecision. There are so many worries about how you're performing and what people will think of you that you become frozen.
Will Hines mentions various pieces of advice on getting out of your head. The one that sticks out to me the most: “Beware of Trying To Please Just One Person (Who Isn't You)”.
Do not get in the habit of letting your view of yourself be dependent on what someone else thinks of you.
Those classes and practice at improv gave our wannabe entrepreneur the training they needed to stay out of their own head, to make things without being paralyzed by possible embarrassment.
You see it in how comfortable Michael is in a video of themselves talking about their product. Later they created a second product that made even their investors uncomfortable: butt wipes.
Those videos and products went viral. And just a few weeks ago Michael Dubin sold their company, Dollar Shave Club, to Unilever for $1 Billion.
I still struggle with the worry of what I look like in front of other people. Recently, I started a new YouTube vlog to share advice I've collected from over a decade of running my own businesses.
One day I was going out to lunch with some of the folks at Basecamp (our parent company) and I thought about grabbing my camera. But I worried what it would look like on the street carrying this big camera around filming us.
I left it behind. I ended up having this great conversation about marketing new podcasts. It would have made a fantastic vlog post. I completely missed an awesome opportunity because I was worried about being embarrassed.
It's not easy to shake off the nagging feeling of being embarrassed. Even when we know the thing we're embarrassed by can make a positive impact on our well-being like Jason Day's pre-shot routine. But the greatest success stories are people who shook off the worry of what they looked like in front of other people and just did their thing.
Somewhere in you is the belief that you are good… It is ultimately what will solve the problem of being in your head forever.
P.S. If you enjoyed this article, you should follow my YouTube channel, where I share more about how history, psychology, and science can help us create better businesses. And if you find yourself overwhelmed while organizing your own small business or handling customer support, check out how Highrise can help!
The Washington State Department of Corrections (DOC) is no longer calling convicted criminals “offenders.”
DOC Secretary Richard Morgan sent a memo to the Washington State Department of Corrections staff that said the DOC is phasing out the use of the word “offender” and replacing it with terms like “individual,” “student,” or “patient,” KIRO reports.
“This is an opportunity to help others define themselves not for their criminal behavior, but for their future role in their communities,” Morgan said in the memo.
In the 2000s, the DOC used the word “offender” to replace “inmate.”
Jeff Clark, a man on DOC supervision, said they are not offended when called an offender. “(It) doesn't bother me one bit. I've been on paper since (I was) 17 years old,” said Clark. “It's not going to change anything. Only way to change is yourself is changing what you want to do.”
The DOC would probably call Clark a “student” for the education they received while in prison. “I went and did a program, culinary program, graduated from it, got a freakin' line cook job, I've changed my whole ways,” said Clark.
DOC staff dropped the word “offender” on Tuesday.
In a meeting with Baltimore City Department of Transportation last week, Bikemore received an update on the 2.6 mile Maryland Ave Cycle Track. Current construction timelines estimate the project to begin construction in the Spring of 2016.
Here are some important milestones for the project we are watching to ensure the project does not experience any further delays.
Toole Design is currently putting together the PSE (plans, specifics, and estimates).
Baltimore Department of Transportation will advertise the project by 9/9.
Timeline for advertising is four weeks.
This means it will be mid November when the contract is awarded.
Given construction schedules it is unlikely whichever company is awarded the contract will begin construction before winter.
This means a Spring 2016 construction start.
The project is estimated to take 90 days for construction.
Included in the contract is the work to implement the Downtown Bicycle Network. This will include conventional bike lanes on Preston and Biddle and protected cycle tracks on Centre, Monument and Madison.
Additionally Bikemore has been communicating with Baltimore City DOT our recommendations for creating better connection to the Maryland Ave cycle track. BCDOT is already at work to improve signaling at Maryland and 29th st, and listening to input to improve safety and wayfinding from all routes feeding into the cycle track.
And while we are all frustrated with the delays, BCDOT deserves credit for ensuring that the plans didn't languish in State Highway Administration final review. This is a priority of ours and theirs, and we appreciate them doing all they can within a less than perfect system to get the cycle track installed.
Despite perceptions, construction of the Roland Ave cycle track did not contribute to the delay.
Our hope is that as more of these projects get underway, the more comfortable State Highway Administration gets in quickly approving plans and empowering BCDOT to build the connected bicycle network we deserve.
Two mass shootings already occurred before breakfast today. One in New Orleans and one in Chicago.
Neither shooting fits the ongoing popular media narrative on spree shootings.
In the Washington Park neighborhood of Chicago, there was an attack at the GoLo Gas Station. A man opened the door and sprayed the inside of the station with bullets. Two people were killed and two were injured. One of the injured is apparently a fixture in the neighborhood known as “Old Man Bill.”  They are 64 years old and worked part-time as the gas station's maintenance man. The other victims are in their twenties. The race of the victims and the suspect has not been reported, but Washington Park is 97% black. The area is famous for housing projects.
Around the same time, there was a spree shooting inside a home in the Gentilly area of New Orleans. Three people were killed and one was injured. Two of the victims are young children. The race of the suspect and the perps have not been identified in the news. However, it took place in census track 3308, which is listed as 92% black.
It certainly appears that both spree shootings were black on black killings. The so-called “mainstream media” could start addressing the nationwide black on black slaughter, and call for real solutions to real problems. But that would not fit their chosen narrative.
Note: The term “mass shooting” is generally defined as four or more victims.
(Reuters) - Digital security company Gemalto NV was hacked by American and British spies to steal encryption keys used to protect the privacy of cellphone communications, news website Intercept reported, citing documents provided by whistleblower Edward Snowden.
Satellite dishes are seen at GCHQ's outpost at Bude, close to where trans-Atlantic fibre-optic cables come ashore in Cornwall, southwest England June 23, 2013. REUTERS/Kieran Doherty
The hack by the National Security Agency (NSA) and UK's Government Communications Headquarters (GCHQ) allowed the agencies to monitor a large portion of voice and data mobile communications around the world without permission from governments and telecom companies, according to the report.
A GCHQ spokesperson said the agency did not comment on intelligence matters. NSA could not be immediately reached for comment.
Gemalto makes smart chips for mobile phones, bank cards and biometric passports and counts Verizon and AT&T Inc among its 450 wireless network provider customers around the world.
The Franco-Dutch company did not say if it was hacked.
“From what we gathered at this moment, the target was not Gemalto, per se - it was an attempt to try and cast the widest net possible to reach as many mobile phones as possible,” a Gemalto spokesperson said in an email.
“We take this publication very seriously and will devote all resources necessary to fully investigate and understand the scope of such highly sophisticated technique to try to obtain SIM card data,” they said.
The breach was detailed in a secret 2010 GCHQ document, Intercept said.
“GCHQ's work is carried out in accordance with a strict legal and policy framework, which ensures that our activities are authorised, necessary and proportionate,” a spokesperson said in a statement emailed to Reuters.
Published by First Look Media, Intercept was founded by U.S. documentary maker Laura Poitras, investigative reporter Jeremy Scahill and Glenn Greenwald, who made headlines with their reporting on U.S. electronic surveillance programs.
What the developers have to say:
Why Early Access?
Approximately how long will this game be in Early Access?
How is the full version planned to differ from the Early Access version?
What is the current state of the Early Access version?
3 Storyline maps
11 gameplay maps
X secret maps
Profile system
Crypt Shop (upgrades)
Map perfection system
Achievements
Full controller support
Will the game be priced differently during and after Early Access?
How are you planning on involving the Community in your development process?
“I've been developing Courier of the Crypts in my free time for a while now. Since I'm the solo developer on the project apart from the composer, things takes time and money. With Early Access I want to concentrate on the game full time. With your help through suggestions and bug reports I will work through until the game is finished.”“Game will be released as a final version when all the content gets done and bugs fixed.”“The game is featuring somewhat linear story progression through the crypt maps and for that I'll be releasing new maps in order. To cut it short, Early Access will mainly lack in map content which will be released through the free updates regulary.Every update will contain new content, improvements and bug fixes.Some of the content from the video and screenshots is not be yet in the available version but will be added with the updates incrementally.”“Current version contains:You can already spend quite some time in the game, especially if you're after all the secrets and relics. At the moment it will take you aprox. 2-3 hours (by statistics). There are also hidden maps to be found which can take you quite some time before you'll find them.”“The price will increase when the game is fully released.”Community was always big part of the Courier of the Crypts through the development. I was always looking for feedback and suggestions which would make the game better and I will continue to do so.Let's be honest, there are always bugs to be found in full and Early Access games. All the bugs found will be fixed as soon as reported.”
In the latest installment of their must-read series of portraits of each player on the 2013-14 Spurs, Michael Erler made a point they have made many times over the years. It's an argument I've always found to be compelling: if there's anyone on the Spurs' roster right now that's comparable to Bruce Bowen, it's not Kawhi Leonard, but Danny Green.
I agree about the Leonard part. Of the two, Green is certainly the more similar. Their role and skill set are obviously closer to Bruce's, at least on the surface. But there is one huge difference between the two which serves as a jumping off point for a deeper discussion: Bowen was a system player, a product of the team they played on. Green isn't.
Here's Bowen's shot chart and heat chart from the 2004/05 championship season, courtesy of Basketball-Reference:
It's hard not to notice those huge clusters in both corners. Over 90% of Bowen's three pointers came from the corners in four of their eight seasons with the Spurs. That's an enormous amount. And in the four seasons in which they took more than ten percent of their three pointers from other spots on the floor, they didn't shoot well, reaching a 40% conversion rate only once. Simply put, peak Bruce Bowen wasn't an elite three point shooters; peak Bruce Bowen was an elite corner three point shooters. And that makes a huge difference.
Bowen was only useful on offense because the way the Spurs played back then created opportunities for them to shoot from the one spot on the floor where they were any good. San Antonio went to the post all the time, because Tim Duncan was almost unstoppable from there. The secondary options were Ginobili and Parker on drives to the basket. When teams tried to stop those lethal options, the corner shot was often surrendered. In any other system that asked their wings to do something more than hit assisted corner three pointers, Bowen would have been a huge liability on offense.
That's why they were a system player.
Now let's have a look at Green's 2013/14 championship season using those same charts:
Feel free to go back and look at Bowen's again if you need to. The two sets look nothing alike. Green is an elite three point shooters from pretty much everywhere. In their three seasons with the Spurs, the average percentage of three pointers they took from the corner was below 40%. Every NBA offense creates three point attempts above the break, and Green can convert them as well as those corner three pointers Spurs fans know so well. And while theirs makes are mostly assisted, they sometimes create their own opportunities in transition, after ball screens and on hand-offs. That simply wasn't in Bowen repertoire.
That's doesn't mean Green is a better player than Bowen. Defensively, Bowen provided enormous flexibility due to their ability to guard 1 through 4. And they had an unrelenting intensity to them that Green just doesn't yet possess. I can think of a number of contenders that would be chasing Bowen if they were in their prime right now. But they would have to be in the right system to have much value. I'm not sure that's true with Green.
I'd go as far to say that Bowen wouldn't be as valuable to the Spurs as Green is right now. And it's because the changes the Spurs have made over the past few years have made them a completely different team.
The Bowen type of wing simply isn't viable in the current system. Once Duncan stopped being a dominant post player, the Spurs went to an attack that featured the pick-and-roll. But it became clear that they needed to be more than that, since it was relatively easy for opponents to contain their offense by keying in on "the head of the snake." So they evolved into a dynamic offense that is almost antithetical to the one they employed in the Bowen era. In this iteration, wings need to be able to hit secondary break threes, move around continually, make timely cuts, and occasionally pull up. That description just doesn't fit Bowen.
Currently, the Spurs simply can't make do with system players on the wing. They need more well-rounded types. But that doesn't mean the system player has disappeared. In the past few years I can think of three Spurs who fit the bill: Gary Neal, Patty Mills and Boris Diaw.
As Manu Ginobili has aged, they developed traits associated with point guards. They excel when they handle the ball and creates for others. That evolution meant they needed a different type of running mate, someone who could take spot up threes when they were there and could act as a scorer in a pinch. Mills and Neal filled that role, one which not many teams can accommodate. That type of shoot-first small guard is only truly valuable when paired with someone who can take the playmaking burden from them. Lacking that, they are gunners with little in the way of creative passing who settle for off-the-dribble shots more often than necessary, something Milwaukee learned the hard way when they signed Gary Neal.
Diaw's case is exponentially more interesting. System players are typically thought of as having limited talent. Yet Boris Diaw is the epitome of a system player despite being arguably one of the most naturally talented players in the league. That's because Boris can only thrive in free-flowing systems that allow them to be everything at the same time: passer, scorer, post up threat, three point shooters, and ball-handler. When their role is limited or strictly defined, they become less effective. Only with the Amare-less Suns -- and now in the motion-based, pass-heavy Spurs' system -- has they truly excelled. I'm not sure there is any other team in the League in which they would be as productive as they are on the Spurs.
The evolution of the Spurs' offensive system has been remarkable. The way the coaching staff recognized that the recipes of the past weren't going to cut it anymore is hugely responsible for the maintained relevance of the franchise. But it wasn't always easy.
There was a significant amount of trial an error involved in the process, which at times was hard to stomach. Pop didn't let go immediately. The tenures of Keith Bogans and Richard Jefferson were an attempt to recapture the success of the Bowen-Finley years. George Hill was the perfect halfway point between the Neal/Mills type and Green. Once they had to be sacrificed in order to get Leonard, their responsibilities were bequeathed to two players, finally allowing Pop to completely let go of the old paradigm and embrace the new system.
As fans, we are still not fully there yet. That's why we define current players by comparing them to past ones, why we want to know who the new Bruce Bowen is. The answer of course is: no one. There is no room in this iteration of the team for a player like him. Looking for another Bowen when the team had the real thing was as much of a waste of time as it is to look for the next iteration now that the team has no need for it.
That's a good thing to remember. In a few years, when the Spurs are a completely different team than they are now, it would be great to keep from wondering where the next Patty Mills or Boris Diaw will come from.
Tune in every Tuesday and Friday at 20:00 CET to watch the race events unfold LIVE! Will your strategy earn you a deserved victory, or a visit to the tyre wall? Find out and chat along live with your rivals...
Search the driver markets for the next Senna or Schumacher, who might jump into the cockpit and deliver instant results - or perhaps train a youngster to climb the ranks to become eventual World Champion!
Improve your car, train your driver and staff, sign tyre contracts, and purchase new facilities - but manage all this within the constraints of your limited budget to avoid going into debt and ruining your season...
Analyse your race results, fuel consumption, and tyre wear - enabling you to plan and calculate better race and pit stop strategies, which will hopefully transform that podium place into a win!
Choose to race with one of over 100 standard or supporter liveries - or perhaps even show off your artistic flair by designing your very own personal livery that only you can race with!
Bhuvneshwar Kumar struck JP Duminy pretty plumb in front but the umpire gave it not out © Getty Images
The India team is not happy with Vineet Kulkarni's umpiring, and the captain's post-match report has remarks critical of the official, ESPNcricinfo has learnt. Vinod Phadke, the team manager, said the umpiring was not good, and that they were going to complain about Kulkarni in their report at the end of the series in addition to the captain's remarks, which they said they have not seen.
"I have not seen the captain's report, but I am going to mention them in my report," Phadke told ESPNcricinfo. "It is obvious to everybody that the umpiring has not been good."
Phadke's remarks led to the ICC charging him* with making "inappropriate comments."
India team manager Vinod Phadke charged with inappropriate comments. Hearing to take place after today's #INDvSA ODI. — ICC Media (@ICCMediaComms) October 14, 2015
At the end of the first Twenty20 international against South Africa, in Dharmasala, captain MS Dhoni had brought up the umpiring issue unprovoked at the post-match presentation. "We did not have quite a few decisions going our way and sometimes these can change the match," Dhoni said. "It could have been different if we could have got Duminy out early."
The two decisions that irked India 1st T20I, Dharmasala 16.2 Kumar to Duminy, 2 leg byes, a huge appeal for lbw after the yorker crashes into Duminy's boot as they miss the flick. That's absolutely plumb. Bhuvneshwar isn't usually the emotional sort but they are quite angry. They run two leg byes 1st ODI, Kanpur 7.3 Morkel to Dhawan, OUT, given lbw! But was that missing leg? The ball was quite full from round the wicket, angling into the left-hander. Dhawan was caught on the crease and hit on the pad as they looked to play on the leg side. Morkel went up immediately, and the umpire followed after a short pause ... it did look like that would have missed leg stump, or just about clipped it.
Dhoni was referring to the lbw appeal against JP Duminy in South Africa's successful chase of 200. Duminy looked pretty plumb to a Bhuvneshwar Kumar yorker, but survived. Had Duminy been given out then, it would have reduced South Africa to 157 for 4 in the 17th over. Eventually South Africa won with two balls to spare. In the Kanpur ODI Shikhar Dhawan was given out lbw to Morne Morkel when it seemed the ball was headed down the leg side from round the wicket. India eventually lost that match by five runs.
The 36-year-old Kulkarni has stood in 18 ODIs and seven T20Is. The convention in bilateral ODIs is for a local umpire to team up with a neutral umpire. Aleem Dar is the ICC's neutral official for the ODI series, and it is the home board's prerogative to provide a local umpire provided they are part of their international panel of umpires. Kulkarni is scheduled to stand in the second ODI, which will be played in Indore on Wednesday. This will be their last match as on-field umpire in the series before they return as third umpire for the last ODI. This, though, was decided in advance, and has nothing to do with the captain's report.
*October 14, 2015 0950 GMT: This article has been updated with the ICC's tweet
Sidharth Monga is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo and Arun Venugopal is a senior sub-editor at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Angry Brown urges bankers to give up bonuses as Tory leader hits out at 'insult' to taxpayers
Gordon Brown and David Cameron both heaped pressure on City bankers to tear up their contractual rights to pocket big bonuses this year.
But although the Prime Minister and the Opposition leader claimed the moral high ground, both were accused of failing to spell out what they would do if the City refused to oblige.
Mr Brown was said to be 'very angry' about reports that Royal Bank of Scotland, recently bailed out by the taxpayer, was set to hand out a billion pounds' worth of bonuses to staff.
They said executives should 'consider whether they actually receive' bonuses even if legally entitled to them.
Earlier they declared there must be 'no rewards for failure' and told an audience of economists in London that they wanted to 'sweep aside' the short-term bonus culture in financial institutions.
Gordon Brown speaks during a question and answer session where they discussed the forthcoming G20 Summit in London this morning
Meanwhile, the head of Barclays today defended the bank's decision to pay hundreds of millions of pounds in bonuses.
Chief executive John Varley said they were entitled to reward top staff because Barclays 'made a profit' of £6.1billion.
The policy of 'no rewards for failure' would be pursued 'aggressively', said the Prime Minister.
They added that banks in which the state now holds a majority stake would pay no bonuses to board members and no dividends to shareholders this year.
Mr Brown said: 'I believe, as a society, we should support hard work, effort, enterprise and responsible risk-taking.
'We should not in any way condone, but should punish, irresponsible and excessive risk-taking.'
They said the Government's actions were intended to show that 'the old short-term bonus culture is gone; that there are no rewards for failure, but penalties for failure; that in the future there must be rewards for success - but long-term sustainable success and not just short-term gains.
Frost on Sunday: Alistair Darling and George Osborne ignore each other during filming of BBC TV's The Andrew Marr Show yesterday
'In the present and future, the no rewards for failure policy will be pursued aggressively.'
Leading City figure Sir David Walker has been asked by Chancellor Alistair Darling to examine what went wrong in the management of banks to spark the credit boom-fuelled recession.
But the inquiry was branded an 'establishment cover-up' by critics, who claimed the Treasury was kicking the issue into the long grass rather than taking immediate action to prevent the multibillion-pound bonuses expected to be paid out over the coming weeks.
Although Sir David's findings will 'inform' this year's Budget, they are not due to make their final recommendations until the end of the year.
Shadow chancellor George Osborne said it was a 'totally inadequate' response.
'The problem of bonuses in the Government-owned banks has been looming for months, but now they have set up another review that will be far too late to do anything about this year's bonuses,' they said.
'They should stop dithering and act.'
And Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesperson Vince Cable called it 'a classic British establishment cover-up'.
'Instead of dealing decisively with the problem, as (US) President (Barack) Obama, the Swiss and others have done, the Government is clearly playing for time in order to avoid doing anything to upset the bankers.
'The public will be even more infuriated than before.'
Chief Secretary to the Treasury Yvette Cooper said today that executives at banks dependent on taxpayer support have a 'moral responsibility' to consider forgoing any bonuses this year.
Bonuses had been ruled out already for the boards of banks in receipt of Treasury support.
But they said that, among the rest of the banks' staff, there were some 'legal obligations that they can't get out of' to pay bonuses.
Ms Cooper added: 'For those senior executives, even where they have legal obligations, I think there is a moral responsibility on some of these bankers, even if they are legally entitled to take bonuses, at a time when the bank is only still standing because of Government intervention and where I think there is an important issue about needing to restore trust in the City, senior executives need themselves to take responsibility and consider whether they should be taking bonuses.'
That review would consider why banks entered into binding obligations to pay bonuses at all, Ms Cooper added.
Who's that scary man? Gordon Brown laughs as they talk to children at a daycare centre during a visit to Bromley by Bow in East London today
Speaking on the BBC Radio 4 Today programme, they added: 'The Chancellor has also made very clear, even where there may be legal obligations, bonuses should be minimised this year for banks that have taken capital from the Government and are only still standing as a result of the Government's action, because you simply cannot have bonuses for failure.
'It is simply unfair on everybody else.'
Announcing the Walker Review yesterday, Mr Darling indicated that some staff members at a bank bailed out by the taxpayer were likely to receive some bonuses, amid mounting pressure for all payments to be halted.
They insisted that 'absolutely no figure' had been agreed with Royal Bank of Scotland after it was reported to be proposing a package totalling £1 billion, despite being propped up with a £20 billion state cash injection.
But they accepted that 'contractual problems' and the right of staff other than those involved in 'excessive risk-taking' to be rewarded would rule out a total ban.
RBS, now 68 per cent-owned by the Government, is due to report its 2008 results in three weeks, when it will confirm a loss of several billion pounds.
UK Financial Investments (UKFI), the firm set up by Mr Darling to oversee state investments in the banks, must approve any bonus package at RBS or other state-supported banks.
UKFI was itself at the centre of controversy today after it emerged that its own staff, mainly senior financiers and Treasury officials, were set for bonuses if they performed well in managing the taxpayers' assets.
Conservative leader David Cameron accused the Government of being 'asleep on the job' over City bonuses.
It was 'outrageous' that banks which were effectively owned by the taxpayer were considering paying out bonuses from state money which they received to bail them out, they said.
Mr Cameron said small business people were 'furious' at the behaviour of the financial services industry.
In banks which are effectively state-owned, the Government should apply the principle 'he who does the paying does the saying' and ensure that good sense prevails over the payment of bonuses, they said.
Mr Cameron said they and shadow chancellor George Osborne had been warning since last autumn's party conference about the looming problem of banking bonuses.
'We raised the problems of excessive bonuses and bonuses in banks the taxpayer has put a lot of money into,' they said.
'The Government seems to have done absolutely nothing about it and yet the bonus season and the results season is now upon us.
'It is not so much that they shut the door after the horse had bolted - they shut the door after the horse had won the 3.20 at Uttoxeter. They seem to have been completely asleep on the job.
'This review is much too late in coming, but I hope that it will be a review that all parties can contribute to, because clearly if it is going to take a year it may be the next government that will have to implement many of its recommendations.'
They added: 'It is outrageous for the taxpayer to put £20 billion into a bank only to see a billion on so of that being used to pay out bonuses.
'The Government owns this bank, it is able to make sure that good sense prevails and I would press them to do that.'
Mr Cameron said the banks needed to realise the public anger at the prospect of bankers taking taxpayers' money to pay themselves bonuses.
'I think that the bankers have to to have a bit of a 'wake-up-and-smell- the-coffee moment' and recognise 'Actually, hold on, we wouldn't be here, we wouldn't have jobs, we wouldn't get anything were it not for the taxpayer standing behind us',' they said.
'Frankly, it is insulting, it is shameful, to then take the taxpayers' money that has gone into the banks and use it for bonuses.'
However, they refused to rule out taking donations to the Tory Party from bankers who accepted bonuses.
'I think, frankly, it would be a much better use of money to give to the Conservative Party to win the election and to help to sort out the regulatory mess that the Government has created rather than buy a new Ferrari,' they said.
Gordon Brown's spokesperson said today: 'The Prime Minister's view is that, for those people in potential receipt of substantial payments to which they are legally entitled, they may want to ask themselves some quite searching questions about whether or not they should in fact receive them.'
Responding to the Government's calls for bankers to forgo bonuses, Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesperson Vince Cable said: 'This is a very limp and belated reaction to the scandal of banking bonuses compared with that of the Obama administration.
40million3YearsDM_Full.jpg
'It is a classic British establishment response to appoint an insider to carry out a report which will be published many months into the future when the issue has lost its urgency.
'The Government must freeze all bonus payments for employees of semi-nationalised banks and ensure that the pay details of those earning over £100,000 a year are published.
'The Government must create a new bonus framework which ensures they are linked to long-term performance, payable in shares that are not redeemable within five years.
'To protect taxpayers, ministers must plan to split retail banking on the high street from the very high-risk investment banking operations which have accumulated so much toxic debt.'
Mr Cameron accepted that they were not ruling out all bonus payments at the banks which had been bailed out by the Government.
'I am not dipping my hand right into the organisation and saying the people running the branch in Auchtermuchty shouldn't get a small cash bonus,' they said.
The Prime Minister's spokesperson added that any legal commitments to award bonuses would be examined 'very carefully' by UK Financial Investments.
But they insisted that the Government had been taking action on bank bonuses since last October, and that continued now both in discussions with individual banks and in the terms of agreements under the asset protection scheme.
They added: 'The review announced by the Chancellor this morning is about how we move forward and change the culture within the banks. This is not just about bonuses.'
The spokesperson said Mr Brown shared public anger with the banks.
'Of course he's angry - he's very angry,' they said. 'But he's also focused on ensuring that we can find the solutions which benefit the economy and the country as a whole.'
OK everyone. This may come as sounding a bit crazy. Hold on to your butts. Dave had a very good idea Monday morning.
In fact, Dave expertly turned a great idea into an awkward situation with Ian Rapoport of NFL Network.
@RapSheet In essence, pushing out legitimate interest in trade up, but indicating Texans not necessary to do so. — The Falcoholic (@TheFalcoholic) April 28, 2014
Lets take a look at the timeline of Clowneygate on Monday.
Peter King, when not talking about baseball, has the occasional football gem. At about 2 A.M. Monday morning, King had this to say about the Falcons.
Momentum is gaining for the Atlanta Falcons to move up for Jadeveon Clowney. Not saying it's going to happen; I'd list the odds at 40 percent. But if the Texans want to trade the No. 1 pick, the Falcons, as of this morning, are their best option. When Clowney visited Atlanta last week, they left a very positive impression with the Falcons' coaches and brass. I'd heard before that meeting that the Falcons weren't inclined to entertain thoughts about making such a bold move, from sixth pick in the first round to No. 1 overall. Now they are thinking of it. . . . To move from six to one, it would likely take Atlanta's first-rounder this year and next—at least that would be close if you're using the draft pick-trade chart.
At around 6 A.M. (get some sleep, the Falcoholic staff doesn't roll out of bed until noon, and that is only when we have to work) Rap Sheet said the Falcons are looking to move up anywhere from the first pick to the fourth pick, but could also move back.
So Atlanta would consider trading up. Probably in the top four. But could also trade back. And no one else is likely to be bidding heavily for the first overall pick.
Did the Falcons leak this news?
One report could mean any number of things. Two similar reports likely means one team is drumming up interest for a trade. And since these reports don't say multiple teams are interested in the top pick, Atlanta seems to be the only logical source of this information.
The more I think about it, the more the Texans appear to be stuck with a draft class that poorly fits their desperate need for a quarterback. The Texans have Ryan Fitzpatrick, who is surrounded by an otherwise very talented football team. The Texans could always take Clowney and add to an already nasty defensive line.
Sure. But realistically, the only team that has recently drafted a quarterback who started in their rookie season without a real starter is the Cincinnati Bengals, and I'm not sure if Andy Dalton should be considered a rousing success.
The Texans cannot hope for a later-round quarterback.
Can the Texans hope to hit on a later-round selection like Russell Wilson or an eventual starter like Colin Kaepernick? That seems like an unrealistic hope. Odds are more likely following in the footsteps of the Cleveland Browns, trading back up in the first for Brady Quinn or waiting for Brandon Weeden.
The Texans lack the needs that would allow them to fill another major need while passing on a quarterback. The problem for Houston is they need to draft a quarterback in the first round or hope they are bad enough to be back in the top of the draft for another year after letting their fans know 2014 will be a mulligan.
The Texans won't get top value.
The lack of elite quarterbacks will keep teams from trading up. For example, the Washington Redskins traded their 2012 6th overall selection, 2013 22nd overall selection, 2014 2nd overall selection (that stings) and 2012 39th overall selection for the 2nd overall selection in 2012. That was pretty expensive to move up four spots but this is a quarterback-driven league. Unless you can luck out like the Denver Broncos, you can't get a franchise guy in the offseason.
Last year with no quarterbacks? The Miami Dolphins traded the 12th and 39th overall pick for the 3rd overall pick so they could select Dion Jordan. That is drastically different and can show you the difference of bidding against no one and bidding against the Browns to get a guy who should be able to be your franchise quarterback.
If the Texans trade down, they are low on options.
I'm not sure if there is any player, outside of Clowney, worth trading up to the top spot for. Teams like the Rams, Browns or Bucs don't have a need to trade up for Clowney, while a team like the Raiders are pretty far away from one trade up from being a playoff team.
A team aggressive enough to trade up that could use a pass rusher, such as the San Francisco 49ers, likely wouldn't trade all the way up to the first overall selection.
Seriously, I cannot think of another legitimate option who could be in a bidding war with Atlanta.
The Falcons are sending a message.
I hate to say it, but Dave had a point. Glenn Dorsey is awesome. There is a point behind these reports. The Falcons are letting the Texans know that Thomas Dimitroff has options: trade up to one, two, three, four, or even trade back. Also, the Falcons know the Texans don't have other options, and Atlanta won't bid against themselves. The Falcons don't seem to fear the Texans will take Clowney, as the reports don't even mention Khalil Mack or even a potential tackle selection.
The Falcons seem willing to bet that the Texans are selecting a quarterback who will be available at the sixth selection, no one else is willing to offer anything close to Atlanta's offer, and the Falcons will smartly not bid against themselves.
Whether a deal happens or not, whether the final trade value is worth Clowney, or if Clowney ends up meeting expectations, is another issue entirely. Dimitroff is clearly willing to make a bold move for a top player in this draft class.
This is the third in a series of blog posts, we are doing on Building Enterprise Framework for .NET based Web Application.
Our first three iteration of framework was not using any design patterns, modules were dependent on each other and it was very hard to update any module without breaking any dependent module. I don't know what everyone else's experience is, but finding developers who are familiar with Design Patterns has been extremely rare for me. Personally, I think design patterns should be a basic skill for all developers.
The idea of Design Pattern came from a book “A Pattern Language: Towns, Buildings, Construction” in 1977 co-authored by Christopher Alexander as “a structured method of describing good design practices within a field of expertise.” The book creates a new language, what the authors call a pattern language derived from timeless entities called patterns. Patterns describe a problem and then offer a solution. The idea of a pattern language appears to apply to any complex engineering task, and has been applied to some of them. It has been especially influential in software engineering where patterns have been used to document collective knowledge in the field.
Design patterns are optimized, reusable solutions to the programming problems that we encounter every day. You can't simply copy a pattern into a system, because it is just a template you have to implement in correct situation. Design patterns can be extremely helpful in writing better code, but the way in which they're applied often determines their usefulness. Applying a design pattern in the wrong scenario can lead you to write worse code than would have not been present if it weren't for the design pattern.
We are not going to discuss all design patterns here but the more popular ones, but you can refer these books for more information:
Factory Method Pattern
The factory method pattern is an object-oriented creational design pattern to implement the concept of factories and deals with the problem of creating objects (products) without specifying the exact class of object that will be created. The essence of this pattern is to “Define an interface for creating an object, but let the classes that implement the interface decide which class to instantiate. The Factory method lets a class defer instantiation to subclasses.
The participants class in this pattern are:
Product defines the interface for objects the factory method creates.
ConcreteProduct implements the Product interface.
Creator(also referred as Factory because it creates the Product objects) declares the method factoryMethod, which returns a Product object. May call the generating method for creating Product objects
ConcreteCreator overrides the generating method for creating ConcreteProduct objects
All concrete products are subclasses of the Product class, so all of them have the same basic implementation, at some extent. The Creator class specifies all standard and generic behavior of the products and when a new product is needed, it sends the creation details that are supplied by the client to the ConcreteCreator.
When to use Factory Method Pattern:
When a class can't anticipate the type of the objects it is supposed to create.
When a class wants its subclasses to be the ones to specific the type of newly created object.
Singleton pattern
The singleton pattern is a design pattern that restricts the instantiation of a class to one object. This is useful when exactly one object is needed to coordinate actions across the system. The concept is sometimes generalized to systems that operate more efficiently when only one object exists, or that restrict the instantiation to a certain number of objects.
Implementation of a singleton pattern requires a mechanism to access the singleton class member without creating a class object and a mechanism to persist the value of class members among class objects. The singleton pattern is implemented by creating a class with a method that creates a new instance of the class if one does not exist. If an instance already exists, it simply returns a reference to that object. To make sure that the object cannot be instantiated any other way, the constructor is made private.
When to use Singleton Pattern:
Ensure that only one instance of a class is created.
Provide a global point of access to the object.
Builder pattern
The builder pattern is a design pattern that separate the construction of a complex object from its representation. By doing so, the same construction process can create different representations.
The participants class in this pattern are:
The Builder class specifies an abstract interface for creating parts of a Product object.
The ConcreteBuilder constructs and puts together parts of the product by implementing the Builder interface. It defines and keeps track of the representation it creates and provides an interface for saving the product.
The Director class constructs the complex object using the Builder interface.
The Product represents the complex object that is being built.
The client, that may be either another object or the actual client that calls the main() method of the application, initiates the Builder and Director class. The Builder represents the complex object that needs to be built in terms of simpler objects and types. The constructor in the Director class receives a Builder object as a parameter from the Client and is responsible for calling the appropriate methods of the Builder class. In order to provide the Client with an interface for all concrete Builders, the Builder class should be an abstract one. This way you can add new types of complex objects by only defining the structure and reusing the logic for the actual construction process. The Client is the only one that needs to know about the new types, the Director needing to know which methods of the Builder to call.
When to use Builder Pattern:
The creation algorithm of a complex object is independent from the parts that actually compose the object.
The system needs to allow different representations for the objects that are being built.
Provider Pattern
The Provider Design Pattern is a pattern which was introduced in ASP.NET 2.0. The theory of the pattern is that it allows us to define a well-documented, easy-to-understand API, such as ASP.NET 2.0 Membership APIs, but at the same time give developers complete control over the internals of what occurs when those APIs are called.
A provider is a contract between an API and the Business Logic and/or the Data Abstraction Layer. The provider is the real implementation of the API separate from the API itself. So the API itself does not contain any business logic, instead it forwards a call to the configured provider for it. The provider is responsible for the implementation of the API (or a part of it) and can call whatever type of BLL or DAL.
When to use Provider Pattern:
When you need to design evolving decoupled API interfaces and their implementations.
Repository Pattern
The repository pattern is a design pattern that separate the logic that retrieves the data and maps it to the entity model from the business logic that acts on the model.
The repository mediates between the data source layer and the business layers of the application. It encapsulates the set of objects persisted in a data store and the operations performed over them, providing a more object-oriented view of the persistence layer. Repository also supports the objective of achieving a clean separation and one-way dependency between the domain and data mapping layers.
When to use Repository Pattern:
When you need to centralize the data logic or Web service access logic.
When you need to provide a substitution point for the unit tests.
When you need to provide a flexible architecture that can be adapted as the overall design of the application evolves.
Unit of Work
The Unit of Work pattern is a design pattern that maintains a list of objects affected by a business transaction and coordinates the writing out of changes and the resolution of concurrency problems.
When you're pulling data in and out of a database, it's important to keep track of what you've changed; otherwise, that data won't be written back into the database. Similarly you have to insert new objects you create and remove any objects you delete.
You can change the database with each change to your object model, but this can lead to lots of very small database calls, which ends up being very slow. Furthermore it requires you to have a transaction open for the whole interaction, which is impractical if you have a business transaction that spans multiple requests. The situation is even worse if you need to keep track of the objects you've read so you can avoid inconsistent reads.
When to use Unit of Work Pattern:
When you need to manage transactions.
When you need to execute the database inserts, deletes, and updates.
When you need to prevent duplicate updates.
Dependency injection
Dependency injection is a design pattern that allows the removal of hard-coded dependencies and makes it possible to change them, whether at run-time or compile-time.
You have classes that have dependencies on services or components whose concrete type is specified at design time. In this example, ClassA has dependencies on ServiceA and ServiceB.
This situation has the following constraints:
To replace or update the dependencies, you must change your classes source code.
The concrete implementation of the dependencies must be available at compile time.
Your classes are difficult to test in isolation because they have a direct reference to their dependencies. This means that these dependencies cannot be replaced with stubs or mocks.
Your classes contain repetitive code for creating, locating, and managing their dependencies.
With Dependency injection, We don't instantiate dependencies explicitly in the class. Instead, we declaratively express dependencies in class definition. We use a Builder object to obtain valid instances of object's dependencies and pass them to object during the object's creation and/or initialization.
When to use Dependency Injection
You want to decouple your classes from their dependencies so that these dependencies can be replaced or updated with minimal or no changes to your classes' source code.
You want to be able to write classes that depend on classes whose concrete implementation is not known at compile time.
You want to be able to test your classes in isolation, without using the dependencies.
You want to decouple your classes from being responsible for locating and managing the lifetime of dependencies.
Don't forget to tell us what design patterns you use while developing web application. Please leave your comments, feedback and suggestions in the comments section below.
That's all for now. We'll be posting part 4 of this series soon, so stay tuned. You can freely subscribe to this blog for weekly updates on new articles.
References:
CodeProject
When the Melbourne Storm entered the newly-formed NRL in 1998, there were serious questions about how they would perform in a sporting market utterly dominated by the AFL.
Now, as they enter their 20th season in the competition, the Storm are considered one of the powerhouse clubs in Australian sport and will head into the 2017 Telstra Premiership as title favourites alongside the Penrith Panthers.
It's a remarkable journey for a team that has been through so much over the past decade. From premiership success in 2007 and 2009, to the pain of the salary cap scandal in 2010, and then redemption in 2012, the Storm have been there or thereabouts for longer than any other team in the NRL.
It wasn't always that way.
What started with a first-up win on a wet night in Wollongong in 1998 was quickly followed by premiership success the following season, but that's when things started to slow down.
When Cameron Smith debuted for the club in 2002, the Storm registered just nine wins in what was statistically the worst year in their history.
That year the average crowd at Storm home games at Olympic Park was just 9,103, a figure that slumped to 8,887 by 2004.
Coaches were coming and going, support was waning, and it was starting to show on the field.
It looked like the naysayers were right. The hysteria generated by the 1999 premiership was fading.
Enter the 'Big Three'. Smith and fullback Billy Slater, along with coach Craig Bellamy, were established figures, but Cooper Cronk's emergence as first-choice halfback in 2006 signalled a colossal change in the club's fortunes.
With the rise of Greg Inglis as a superstar centre, the Storm made four grand finals on the trot, winning premierships in 2007 and 2009 that would later be stripped as part of salary cap punishments.
That could have been a hammer blow to the organisation. Instead, it galvanised the club.
The Storm averaged 14,670 fans per game that year – a record at the time – having made the permanent move to the state-of-the-art facilities at AAMI Park.
On-field success returned with an emotional grand final win in 2012, and they nearly went all the way again last year, only for the Sharks to celebrate their own fairytale win in dramatic circumstances. ‌
‌
Light at the end of the tunnel for Slater
Tohu Harris to miss eight weeks
Storm's five-eighth debate continues
No.6 my ultimate goal: Croft
‌
But the most profound change has happened off the field. The Storm boasted a record crowd average last season (19,024) and there is a genuine buzz around the city of Melbourne when it comes to rugby league.
As of February 22, the club has registered 16,296 members – nearly 3,000 more compared to the same time last year and fourth amongst the 16 NRL clubs – and that's the tip of the iceberg according to their skipper, Cameron Smith.
"We're nearly passed our membership mark of last year and we're aiming for 20,000 this year which would be fairly significant for a rugby league team in Victoria," Smith told NRL.com.
"If someone said 20 years ago that there was going to be a successful rugby league team in Victoria then you probably would have been laughed at. It's come a long way in a short amount of time.
"That's on the back of what the club and the players have put into Victoria, particularly the Melbourne region.
"Victorians love their sport, and they get behind their local teams. We're fortunate to be the only league team in town but we don't see ourselves competing with AFL; we want to work alongside those guys to create the best product possible for Victoria.
"People that follow football in general – no matter the code or who they support – they'll come down to support the Storm and be a part of our organisation."
‌
Player Stats Widget
[2016] Telstra Premiership: Cameron Smith
Tackles, Goals, Line Break Assists, Try Assists.
While the Storm have been the main attraction over the past 20 seasons, the NRL has rewarded Melbourne for its continued support of the game with blockbuster events such as the 2014 Four Nations clash against England, State of Origin matches, as well as the 2017 World Cup opening fixture later this year.
"A lot of the credit has to go to the NRL," Smith said.
"They've taken some pretty significant games down to Melbourne – World Cup games, Four Nations matches… State of Origin has been hugely successful down there. We had the largest State of Origin crowd in history two years ago with roughly 92,000 fans coming to the MCG.
"It shows there is huge interest in our sport and you can see it at junior level."
That rise in junior participation has been evident on and off the field, with former Storm centre/winger Mahe Fonua the first Victorian born and bred player to represent the club in 2012.
They were closely followed by Young Tonumaipea who became the second local junior to represent the club in a sign that more and more kids in Melbourne are participating at grassroots level.
"There are so many more kids playing our game down there now," Smith noted.
"Anywhere we go in the community, most people know who the Melbourne Storm are, what we're doing down there, and they know a lot of the players as well.
"It's clear to see how far we've come – we still want to make it bigger and better for kids coming through to play our game – but it's certainly in a great spot at the moment."
SpaceX's work in reusable rockets will get another push as scientists prepare Sunday for a launch and subsequent landing of the Falcon 9 rocket tonight.
Attached is the Dragon spacecraft, which is set to deliver supplies to the International Space Station.
Advertisement
The uncrewed spacecraft will launch early Monday morning, at 12:45 a.m. EDT, from Cape Canaveral in Florida, on the Falcon 9 rocket. According to weather predictions, the launch environment promises to be clear.
Dragon will be delivering around 5,000 pounds of supplies to the ISS, including a replica of a docking port adapter that was previously destroyed in a SpaceX launch accident. This will help commercial spacecraft to dock with the station in future space flights.
Advertisement
The Dragon will be deployed 10 minutes after liftoff, followed by an experimental, soft landing of Falcon 9 back at Cape Canaveral.
This is the ninth mission by SpaceX in its contract for resupply with NASA.
You can watch coverage of the launch and landing over at NASA's website.
Update (4:37 p.m.): You can also watch the SpaceX live stream below.
Additionally, on July 20, NASA will broadcast the arrival of the Dragon to the ISS, where a robotic arm is expected to capture the spacecraft and eventually bring it into the station. According to NASA, the process to unload it will take around five weeks, with Dragon returning to Earth on Aug. 29 with more cargo.
Advertisement
[Space.com]
I feel there is a tendency to forget that we, or somebody else, will have to maintain our code weeks, months or even years after its creation. Sooner or later some problems or new features appear that will make you have to adapt you codebase long after you forget all the details of what it does.
Testing is like leaving a live documentation of what your code is expected to do
Types of tests
I will be focusing on unit tests in particular but just to give you an ideia:
Unit — Testing the functionality of a function usually using fake data when the code depends on external sources like databases;
Integration — Let us say you have a connection to a database, integration tests is when you are testing the data that you are getting from that connection;
End-to-end — Used for application with UI, it's basically having the test simulate what the user would do.
The distribution is usually like this, end to end are the less amount you do and unit the most
So according to the image let us say you have implemented all those three types of tests, you have 10 tests 1 should be ended to end, 2 would be integration and the remaining 7 would be unit tests.
You don't have to faithfully follow this metric is just a good to have guideline.
You can have an extensive read about testing in general in article by Martin Fowler.
Why test
It's important to test your project code for reasons like:
Logic is documented — Self explanatory, just by reading the tests you have an overview of what the code is expected to do;
Faster debugging — If something went wrong you will have instant feedback on your tests by seeing them fail;
Less to worry in new features — When developing new features that can have an impact on existing code you can change logic around knowing that if you are breaking any part of your code the tests will tell you by failing.
There are some arguable cons like:
It takes more time to develop — I refute this by saying that the time you spend less developing and debugging with tests outweighs the time you would otherwise spend;
developing and debugging with tests outweighs the time you would otherwise spend; One more thing for a team to learn — There is usually quite a big tech stack in projects and it can end up being “yet one more thing I have to learn” *rolls eyes*
Jargon
Some of the terms that you usually see associated with tests are:
Assertions — This is what you are trying to prove in your test, if you are testing for equality and for the type of returned value one would say that for that test you have two assertions. Each test can have as many assertions as you like but try to keep each test with few assertions for simplicity and readability;
Spy — A spy is when you are using a real method that your code being tested depends on work;
Fixtures —Code or files that simulate a certain state of your application so that you always have a fixed environment to repeat your tests whenever you want to evaluate certain states;
Stubs — You want to mitigate the amount of external influence in your test (like spies) so to have more control over the test we simulate a method that is required for our code being tested to work instead of using the original one. For example, let us say we are using a third party library to concatenate, we would replace the original method of that library with one of ours;
Mocks — These are the hardcoded values you create yourself for the test to work, one example of it would be a sample of a server response to be used by the test.
You can have a more extensive explanation with examples here.
Example
For the example I will be using a lightweight library with modules to extend it for unit tests called tape but you have alternatives like jest, jasmine and mocha.
Ideally if you should try using a TDD (Test driven development) or similar approach where you start by creating the test and only after you create your code. When this is not possible and the methods you are testing are already implemented make sure that you change your method so that you see your test fail. If the test never fails then you are testing nothing.
Let us assume we want to create an utility file named string that will have a method for lowercase and another for concatenate. We create our files
I prefer the tests near the file being tested approach but some people have all the tests in a separate folder, I leave it up to your preference to decide which approach to take
In out test file we create our first test with two assertions, one to check if everything ran “ok” and the other call the lowercase function and compare the result with the expected hardcoded value
const test = require('tape')
const stringUtils = require('./strings.js')
test('lowercase should make everything in the original string lower case', function (t) {
const result = stringUtils.lowercase('Testing lowerCase')
const expected = 'testing lowercase'
t.ok(result)
t.deepEqual(result, expected)
t.end()
});
This is the point were we run our test and we see that it fails miserably since lowercase is defined nowhere so we go to our string.js and make it return a function with the method lowercase
function lowercase(value) {
return value.toLowerCase()
}
module.exports = {
lowercase,
}
And if we run our test again it should show a success! Hurray! A first test passing!
Now we think “what if I send a number to that method?”, well in that case we create another test to test that out and implement accordingly to our expected behaviour, in this case I want an error to be thrown when an invalid type is sent to our method
The test
test('if we send a number it should throw an error from lowercase method', function(t) {
const result = stringUtils.lowercase.bind(null, 1)
t.throws(result)
t.end()
})
The changed function after we see the test fail
function lowercase(value) {
try {
return value.toLowerCase()
} catch(e) {
throw e
}
}
A good thing to also do it's change a random part of your code being tested so that you can make sure your tests are actually being useful. In this scenario you could change the throw for a return for example.
Note that the tests in tape must have either t.plan([assertionsNumber]) or t.end() else the tests will hang.
For our method concatenate we want to test if it concatenates and, when you send an object we want it to be concatenated as {} and not as [object Object]. You can try it yourself or just see a possible solution just below
The test
test('concatenate should return the two strings concatenated', function (t) {
const result = stringUtils.concatenate('test', 'concat')
const expected = 'test concat'
t.deepEqual(result, expected)
t.end()
})
test('concatenate should consider {} as a string', function (t) {
const result = stringUtils.concatenate('test', {})
const expected = 'test {}'
t.deepEqual(result, expected)
t.end()
});
The function
function concatenate(start, end) {
start = typeof start === 'string'
? start
: JSON.stringify(start)
end = typeof end === 'string'
? end
: JSON.stringify(end)
return `${start} ${end}`
}
With the exports now with the new method
module.exports = {
lowercase,
concatenate
}
These is “trivial” tests made for simplicity and you should add as many as you feel necessary for each method, “the more the merrier” as long as they are useful (meaning that they are testing something core to the method and not just there to “have more assertions”.
As the application grows we can add multiple test files and we could run them by using the following
tape ./utils/*.test.js
Demo of this example here
For existing projects you can start by adding tests for new features and for older features refactor the code while adding tests as you go, eventually you will have to propagated to most of your codebase if not all.
And remember to always see the test fail
Code coverage
There are tools like istanbul to check how much of your code is being tested, I don't like to focus on that metric to much since it can get you to chance your code not because you need to but just because you want to have 100% coverage, you want to develop new features that are tested without having to spend much time adapting the code just to get 100%.
It's better to have 10% of your code tested than to have nothing nonetheless if you want to impose a minimum coverage I would say that 70% is a good place to start.
The public debate in Israel over the European Union's initiative to label Israeli products manufactured beyond the Green Line usually avoids addressing the most troubling aspect of the initiative: The fact that of all the regions in the world subject to a certain sovereignty conflict, the EU has only chosen to label products originating in the area of conflict related to the Jewish state.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
There are thousands of regions around the world subject to a certain sovereignty conflict, and in hundreds of them the EU itself does not recognize the sovereign government. In many of these regions, there are even United Nations resolutions which define them as "occupied" or "conflict regions." Of all these, Europe chooses to label products from one region only.
Fighting Labels US senators to EU: Don't label Israeli products Yitzhak Benhorin Following overwhelming vote in EU to label products from settlements, senators warn that initiative sets ‘troubling precedent' and urges not to implement it. US senators to EU: Don't label Israeli products
Tibet was an independent state for many years, until it was occupied by the Chinese army in 1958 and unilaterally annexed by Beijing. The Tibetan government led by the Dalai Lama was exiled, and the Tibetan people have since been subject to a cruel occupation regime that is trying to annihilate their culture. Has the EU demanded that China label products manufactured in occupied Tibet?
Workers at an Israeli factory in the Barkan industrial zone (Photo: AFP)
In 1975, when Spanish colonial rule ended in the Western Sahara colony, Morocco invaded the region and unilaterally annexed it. Since then, the Plisario Front has been waging an ongoing struggle to liberate the country from the Moroccan occupation, which has led to the exile of hundreds of thousands of Sahrawis from their country and established settlements with a Moroccan population. The UN does not recognize the Moroccan occupation of the region, and the African Union has even suspended Morocco's membership in the organization for its invasion of the region. Has the EU demanded that Morocco label products manufactured in the occupied Western Sahara region?
In 1974, the Turkish army invaded Northern Cyprus, expelled hundreds of thousands of Greek speakers from the region and established the Turkish Republic of Northern Cyprus, while the southern part of the Island is ruled by the Cypriot government which is recognized by all international institutions. The Cypriot case is particularly significant because in 2004 Cyprus joined the EU, so the Turkish occupation in Northern Cyprus is taking place on sovereign European territory. Is the EU demanding that Turkey label products manufactured in its Northern Cyprus "republic"?
There is not enough room to cover all the cases around the world and in Europe itself, but the pictures seems clear. If the answer to all these questions is no, there is no escape from the conclusion that while the EU has failed to impose separate labeling in all the discussed areas, it has chosen to label Jewish products only.
As travelers to Cuba can attest, an unfortunate reality of cryptocurrency services today is often the poor customer support.
After taking a vacation to the Caribbean island, Elliott Smith, a visual effects programmer from the UK, was sitting at the airport and, as is common after vacation, began catching up on their digital life.
With a keen interest in bitcoin, Smith decided to open the Coinbase app and check the price of their holdings. After a quick look, they closed the app.
They didn't buy. They didn't sell. They didn't trade.
And yet, when they got back home, they saw a disheartening message when they tried to login again:
Grey area
According to Drew Hinkes, a partner at Berger Singerman, Coinbase's action was not particularly surprising given that the country is still subject to financial sanctions by the U.S.
“The fact that we've opened up some tourism and widened the pipes may have suggested to folks traveling there that the full spectrum of economic activity was available,” Hinkes said.
But just like Iran, Syria and North Korea, Cuba remains not fully in the good graces of the U.S.
Hinkes told CoinDesk:
“Regulated entities, especially those in financial services and if they're doing proper OFAC compliance, are going to be looking for virtual currency assets in those nations.”
Hinkes refers to the Office of Foreign Assets Control, an office which comprises several agencies that have engaged the digital currency community.
Plus, Coinbase has already proven itself highly conservative in its approach to compliance, recently ousting a white-hat hacker for paying ransoms and buying black market documents at the behest of clients.
“Coinbase has taken great pains to stay in the good graces of regulators,” Hinkes said.
The long wait
Although, companies can get licenses to do business in the country, and Netflix and Airbnb are examples of U.S. companies that received a license.
The others aren't allowed to provide services for people that live in the country. But, Smith doesn't live in Cuba.
And they told Coinbase as much, detailing the issue to their support team on May 22. Two days later, Smith received a response from a member of Coinbase's support team, stating:
“Having investigated the issue, I am working with a specialist to address it properly. We will follow up with you as soon as we have an update.”
Since then, even with a half a dozen requests for updates, Smith hasn't heard a thing.
And their story isn't unique. On Reddit, a handful of people have lamented the same situation, including Charles Thomson, who has taken the issue further.
Thomson continued to ask Coinbase to release their funds, but with no digital response, they stepped it up to a formal demand by registered mail. On June 15, after Coinbase failed to meet the deadline set in the demand, Thomson filed a lawsuit.
The bigger issue
According to Thomson, the lawsuit is less about money, and more about forcing Coinbase to fix the problem.
“Everybody else that doesn't have the means to bring a lawsuit against them, Coinbase is just ignoring – unless they're threatened, it seems, at least with legal action,” said Smith, who didn't have much bitcoin in the account when it was closed.
The problem, then, is more of principle.
Smith contended:
”It's undermining confidence in bitcoin, even though they're the ones messing up.”
“I knew there would be a backlog, so I gave them a few weeks, but this is really frustrating,” they continued.
Coinbase agrees.
Daniel Romero, senior vice president of operations at the firm, told CoinDesk:
“The honest answer is we've had a tremendous amount of growth, and didn't have enough support staff and compliance staff to handle the amount of requests on the platform.”
According to Romero, Coinbase has seen a 10-fold increase in the number of customers using the platform.
Growing pains
But Romero says the company is working on it.
In a June 2 Medium post, Coinbase co-founder and CEO Brian Armstrong, outlined how the company would be addressing the situation in Q3 of this year. Coinbase is committing significant investment toward customer service, for instance, working with an outsourced team to double support capacity and hiring a consultant to help the company scale and introduce phone support.
The goal is to take care of support requests in six hours or less, said Romero.
“Compliance-related requests are always going to take us a little more time because we need to look at the account and make a judgement, and we're pretty thorough when we're doing anything related to compliance,” Romero said.
While Romero wouldn't speak to specific cases, they added Coinbase plans on doubling the support team again in the next six to eight weeks.
This isn't only a Coinbase problem, though.
Perusing cryptocurrency companies' Twitter feeds (Poloniex, for example) reveals a significant amount of frustration related to support.
Reprieve
The result is that tensions between companies and users are still high. Even with their account reopened, Thomson has kept the lawsuit against Coinbase pending.
“I have quite a bit of experience with filing these types of lawsuits, and the same thing always happens when a company gets the plaintiff's claim and the order to go to court, they immediately pick up the phone and try to make you go away,” they said on Reddit.
Thomson has continued encouraging others to give them their support case numbers, so when Coinbase calls they can support all the cases, and hopefully get everyone's accounts reopened (including those of their girlfriend and a friend who traveled with them to Cuba).
Five days after they filed the lawsuit, Coinbase reopened Thomson's account. But they had only emailed them a confirmation. They posted on Reddit that, because they didn't end up on the phone with anyone at Coinbase, they were unable to ask about other case numbers.
On July 19, Thomson posted on Reddit an email they received from Coinbase that stated the exchange would like Thomson to withdraw the filing because access was fully restored to their account.
The best part: It was sent and signed by Coinbase corporate counsel Shahab Asghar, a real person.
Thomson expects to get on the phone with Asghar soon, asking about all the other customers who have dealt with the same issue.
In Thomson's words: “The end is near.”
Disclosure: CoinDesk is a subsidiary of Digital Currency Group, which has an ownership stake in Coinbase.
Cuban flag image via Shutterstock
October Winds Provide 189% Of Scotland's Household Electricity
November 8th, 2017 by Joshua S Hill
Scotland's wind energy industry once again has smashed records with an “unprecedented” amount of electricity being generated in October, enough to provide 189% of the country's household electricity needs and more than 100% of the country's electricity demand on 15 out of 31 days.
An analysis by WWF Scotland, of data provided by weather data provider WeatherEnergy, which was published this week, confirmed that “windy and stormy weather provided unprecedented power” to the Scottish grid during October, providing 1,727,602.73 MWh (megawatt-hours) of electricity to the National Grid, which amounted to 99% of Scotland's entire electricity demand for the whole month.
More specifically, wind power provided electricity for 4,589,759 homes — which is the equivalent of nearly twice the number of households in Scotland, or 189%. Wind generated enough electricity to provide more than 100% of Scotland's total electricity demand 15 days out of October's 31 and supplied enough electricity to power more than 100% of Scotland's homes on 28 days.
“No-one will be surprised that October proved to be a spectacular month for wind energy, with some high winds, including the tail end of Hurricane Ophelia,” explained WWF Scotland's Acting Head of Policy Gina Hanrahan.
“Fortunately our infrastructure coped well with the windy weather which provided enough to power nearly twice the number of households in Scotland and almost all of our electricity demand.
“This is more good news for renewables which continue to power our homes and businesses with clean electricity.
“Scotland's renewable sector is thriving but to have continued growth of clean, cheap power the UK Government needs to allow onshore wind and solar to compete for contracts on a level playing field. This is backed by everyone from the Scottish Government to the National Infrastructure Commission to Ofgem and most importantly the general public. Renewables, including onshore wind, are riding high in the polls with record levels of support. Consumers, the industry and the planet would all benefit from their continued deployment.”
“October was an extraordinary month and provides more evidence that greater investment in both renewables and storage is the way forward,” added Karen Robinson of WeatherEnergy.
The discovery is being reported today in the journal Nature by Dr. S. L. Vartanyan of the Wrangel Island State Reserve, Dr. V. E. Garutt of the Zoological Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences and Dr. Andrei V. Sher of the Severtsov Institute of Animal Morphology and Ecology in Moscow.
In an accompanying comment, Dr. Adrian M. Lister, a biologist at University College, London, estimated that the dwarfs would have stood about 6 feet and weighed about 2.4 tons. The full-size woolly mammoth of the species Mammuthus primigenius, the same type as that found, stood 10.5 feet and weighed 6.6 tons.
The explanation for the surprising survival of these dwarf mammoths is certain to be strongly debated among paleontologists. Former Land Bridge
Until about 16,000 years ago, the land that is now Wrangel Island was part of a mainland region known as Beringida, where animals could roam a vast region that included Arctic eastern Siberia, Alaska and much of what is today the shallow Arctic Sea shelf.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
But by 12,000 years ago the land bridge between the mainland and Wrangel Island was cut off by rising seas, and it was then that the evolutionary process that produced the dwarf mammoths probably began.
Scientists have long debated whether environmental changes or human hunting drove mammoths and many other large mammals to extinction at the end of the Pleistocene epoch, and the Wrangel Island discovery is certain to fuel this debate, Dr. Lister said.
One explanation could be that the dwarfs survived on Wrangel Island because human hunters had not yet reached the island. Once people arrived, according to this theory, the extinction of the dwarf mammoths was assured, thus wiping out the last of a great line and leaving elephants as their only surviving cousins. Plant Preservation Theory
The Russian group discounts this idea, saying there is no evidence of human hunting connected with the Wrangel Island fossils. Instead, the group prefers another explanation: that after Wrangel Island was cut off from the mainland, some combination of local terrain and climate on the island preserved communities of plants that had formerly flourished on the Siberian steppes but were dying out there.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This steppe habitat may have been essential to mammoths, and only where it survived for a time were mammoths able to keep going. Even today, Wrangel Island retains a greater diversity of herb species than other Arctic islands.
But Dr. Lister points out that Eskimos are known to have inhabited Wrangel Island 3,000 years ago and to have hunted on Zhokov Island, also in the Arctic Sea, up to 8,000 years ago. The dates could well accommodate the arrival of early hunters on Wrangel while the mammoths were still around.
The Russian group says the rapid evolution of normal-size species into dwarfs in isolated island environments is known among other species.
Wynkoop's annual Parade of Darks Beer Festival is coming up in December. For just $35, attendees will be treated to a variety of winter seasonals and dark brews from some of the area's best breweries. All proceeds from the annual event will go towards local hunger relief. Scroll down to view this year's beer list and learn more about this fun winter brew fest.
Will Drink for Food: Wynkoop, Metro CareRing combine with 35+ breweries to fight hunger at “Parade of Darks”
(DENVER) – More than 35 breweries will offer their finest seasonal beers for tasting at the fourth annual “Parade of Darks,” hosted by Wynkoop Brewing Co. with proceeds going to Metro CareRing. The event takes place from 1 to 4 p.m. on Dec. 7, ending shortly before Denver's annual “Parade of Lights.”
Last year's “Parade of Darks” featured more than 80 different winter seasonals, brown ales, stouts, sour beers, and barley wines from the best breweries in Colorado and beyond. The list of attending breweries is still being prepared, but this year's lineup promises to be even larger and more diverse.
All proceeds from the event go to Metro CareRing, Denver's largest hunger-relief organization directly serving families. The funds will be used to provide healthy food, nutrition education, self-sufficiency programs, and supportive services to fill hungry bellies while also combating the root causes of hunger.
Last year, the sold-out event raised more than $14,000 for Metro CareRing. Advance tickets are $35 and day-of-event tickets are $42, and all attendees receive a commemorative glass and unlimited sampling. Tickets can be purchased at http://paradeofdarks.bpt.me/. On the website there is also a list of last year's breweries, most of which will again attend this year.
About Metro CareRing
Metro CareRing, the largest hunger-relief organization in Denver directly serving families, offers nutritious food and other services to individuals and families in need. In addition to annually distributing more than 1.5 million pounds of primarily fresh food, Metro CareRing provides healthy living and nutrition education, self-sufficiency programs, and supportive services to help combat people's root causes of hunger. Learn more at www.metrocarering.org.
About Wynkoop Brewing Co.
Founded in 1988, Wynkoop is Colorado's first brewpub and Denver's first microbrewery. Famous for small-batch beers, great food and even better people, Wynkoop's commitment to the community has made it a Denver institution for over 25 years.www.wynkoop.com
###
Here's the lineup of what will be served during this year's event.
Parade of Darks 2013 Beer List
AC Golden: 2012 Whiskey Barrel Aged Imperial Stout, Dark Fruit Sour Frambois Noir.
Arvada: Jolly Holiday Ale- Spiced Winter Warmer, Pool Hall Porter- Brown Ale
Avery: Out of Bounds Stout, Old Jubilation- Winter Strong Ale, The Czar
Black Bottle Brewery: Carlos – American Brown, Liquid Metal -Imperial Rye Stout, Cerealiously – Cinnamon Toast Crunch Milk Stout
Breckenridge: 72 Imperial Double Chocolate Cream Stout, Christmas Ale, Vanilla Porter, Oatmeal Stout
Bristol Brewing: Laughing Lab Scottish Ale, and Winter Warlock Oatmeal Stout.
Crazy Mountain: Cara De Luna-Black Ale, Snowcat Coffee Stout.
Copper Kettle: Mexican Chocolate Stout, Black IPA , Pecan Smoked Brown Ale
Crooked Stave: Origins- Barrel Aged Burgundy Sour, Nightmare on Brett-Sour Baltic Porter
Denver BeerCo: The King of Jacks- Imperial Pumpkin Ale, Graham Cracker Porter
Dry Dock: Shotgun Russian Imperial Stout, Urca Vanilla Porter, 3 Heavy Wee Heavy
Elevation: Little Mo' Porter, Avis IV
Epic: Smoked Porter, Double Skull Doppelbock, 825 State Stout, Big Bad Baptist
Fort Collins Brewery: Double Chocolate Stout, Smoked Rye Porter
Funkwerks: Oud Bruin, Dubbel.
Gravity: Ante Meridiem – Espresso Stout, Jubileum – Belgian Peppercorn Ale, Ebb & Flow – Double Red Rye, Tsar Bomba – Russian Imperial Stout
Great Divide: Oak-Aged Yeti, Yeti, Claymore Scotch Ale, Hibernation
Green Flash: Double Stout
Grimm Brothers Brewing: Fearless Youth – Munich Dunkel, Master Thief – German Porter, Devil's Riddle – Bourbon Barrel Old Ale.
Left Hand: TBD
Mission Brewing: Dark Seas-Imperial Stout, Shipwrecked Double IPA, Carrack Imperial Red
Mountain Sun Cat Bugler – India Black Ale, Big BOI BOB – Imperial Milk Stout
Odell: Isolation, Mountain Standard
Odyssey Beerwerks: TBD
Our Mutual Friend: Cottonwood Rauchbier – Smoked ale, Huckleberry Roasters Coffee Stout – Dry stout, Winter Warmer Randalled w/ bourbon soaked cherries & oak chips – Old ale
Phantom Canyon: TBD
Renegade: Hammer & Sickle- Russian Imperial Stout.
Santa Fe: Santa Fe State Pen Porter, Imperial Java Stout, Black IPA
Ska: TBD
Strange: TBD
Tommy knocker Legend- 20th Anniversary Olde Oaked Brown Ale, Cocoa Porter- winter seasonal brewed with cocoa porter and honey.
Twisted Pine: Big Shot Espresso Stout, Hoppy Knight
Upslope Christmas Ale, Brown Ale
Verboten: Mountain Man-Imperial Dark Cream Ale, Rum Barrel Aged Pure Imagination, Double Oatmeal Stout aged in a Dancing Pines Rum Barrel, What Hump-Sour Porter.
Yak & Yeti : Chai Milk Stout, Yak's RIS-Imperial Stout
Wasatch and Squatters: Polygamy Porter, The Devastator Dopplebock, Squatters Outer Darkness Stout, Wasatch Winterfest.
Wynkoop: Gingerbread Stout- Imperial Sweet Stout, 2013 Whiskey Barrel Aged Barley Wine, Coconut Milk Stout, Brewjolais Noveaux 2013-spontaneously fermented sour beer made with marash chile peppers, cuit la coche, and foch grapes
Cheers!
Teen's Joke 'Threat' Lands Him In Solitary; While Cop Saying They Want To 'Kill' The First Lady Walks Free
from the just-because-you-enforce-the-laws-doesn't-mean-they-don't-apply-to-you dept
In life, there are often (at minimum) two sets of rules -- one that applies to average people, and one that applies to those on a more rarefied plane. Our legislators do it all the time, enacting laws that they have little intention of following or carving out exceptions in those that already exist.
The law enforcement community is one of the worst offenders of the double standard. Unwritten rules protect bad cops and a nearly universal "hands off" policy ensures everything from minor traffic violations to drunk driving will be neatly swept under the rug.
Mike Riggs at Reason points out a particularly egregious application of the double standard. In recent months, a pair of teens have been arrested and arraigned on terrorism charges stemming from some ill-advised postings. Cameron D'Ambrosio, whose charges were ultimately dropped, was held without bail for two months as prosecutors pursued "communicating terrorist threat" charges. Justin Carter, a teen who made some unfortunate remarks during the course of some perfectly normal video game smack-talking, was arrested on March 27th and is still in jail.
For this transgression, Carter was not just investigated, but arrested. He's been in jail for months now, held on $500,000 bail. Their attorney says he's been beaten several times and placed on suicide watch; suicide watch, in case you didn't know, translates to "placed naked in solitary confinement."
D.C. Police Officer Christopher Picciano, "a 17-year veteran who was a member of the elite presidential motorcade detail," will be suspended without pay for a little over a month after joking about killing the first lady, threatening to go on a shooting spree, and calling Pres. Obama a communist.
According to the Washington Post, the U.S. attorney's office declined to press charges against Picciano because it "agree[d] with the Secret Service that Picciano was not serious with their comment about Michelle Obama." Picciano also "wrote on Facebook about taking a rifle to a tall building," after the D.C. Council voted to trim pension benefits for the MPD. That wasn't serious either, apparently.
Picciano joked about killing the first lady and going on a Charles Whitman-esque shooting spree, yet remains free and employed in a job that allows them to carry a gun; Carter, a 19-year-old who doesn't own a gun, joked about shooting up a school, and is being kept naked in solitary confinement as a result.
D'Ambrosio's "threat" was non-specific and more centered on bragging about their impending rap fame. The inclusion of the Boston Bombing and the White House into their boasting caught the attention of local law enforcement. Carter's smack talking mentioned shooting up a kindergarten, ending with indications they were joking. In both cases, there was context surrounding the comments and neither "threat" was targeted at any specific person or group of people.Contrast these two cases with one involving a District of Columbia police officer.No jail time. No terrorism charges. No trip to solitary confinement. No being held without bail. Here's a cop, whoandin DC, including working in close proximity with the president, who statedhe'd "wanted to kill" Michelle Obama, and yet, they walk away almost unscathed.The lack of overzealous prosecutors is also conspicuous in its absence.The prosecutors "agreed with the Secret Service." That's rather cozy. Too bad no prosecutors went looking for anything other than having their biases confirmed when dealing with Carter and D'Ambrosio. In both teens' cases, their homes, belongings and computers were searched but investigators were unable to find anything more damning than the posts in questions. No weapons. No evidence of any intent to carry out these "threats." No background suggesting these threats should be taken seriously. And yet, both teens were incarcerated. Justin Carter isin jail.That's the process for everyday Americans, especially injudicious teens. Here's the flip side of the double standard.As Riggs points out, law enforcement members are given a benefit of doubt that's rarely extended to the general public. This low level cronyism further drives a wedge between citizens and so-called "public servants" who shield each other from the repercussions of their words and actions. Law enforcement members have defended themselves by stating they need to "take every threat seriously." Obviously, that's nothing more than self-serving bullshit used to justify the overzealous prosecution of a few mouthy teens.
Filed Under: cameron d'ambrosio, christopher picciano, justin carter, law enforcement, overcriminalization, terroristic threats
A new squadron of armed Reapers will soon be remotely operated from the UK (Photo: RAF)
Pakistan: Reported casualties from CIA drone strikes in Pakistan double this month compared with September. Agency targets include a North Waziristan madrassa, killing at least 16.
Yemen: Thirteen named militants are among those killed in Yemen, with US operations continuing below their May 2012 peak.
Somalia: No US drone strikes are again reported from Somalia, as an investigation reveals that armed US drones routinely deploy over the country.
Pakistan
October 2012 actions
Total CIA strikes in October: 4
Total killed in strikes in October: 24-41, of whom 1 was reportedly a civilian.
All actions 2004 – October 31 2012
Total Obama strikes: 298
Total US strikes since 2004: 350
Total reported killed: 2,593-3,378
Civilians reported killed: 475-885
Children reported killed: 176
Total reported injured: 1,252-1,401
For the Bureau's full Pakistan databases click here.
The CIA launched four strikes this month, one more than September. Drone attacks reportedly killed 24 to 41 people in October, at least double the tally of the previous month.
Between 16 and 26 people were killed in a single event, making it one of the deadliest strikes of the year. CIA drones hit a madrassa belonging to Maulvi Shakirullah, allegedly connected to the Haqqani Network.
This Bureau graph of minimum and maximum casualties from CIA drone strikes in Pakistan shows it is still difficult to pin down precise figures.
Some media reports located this strike in Orakzai province in northern FATA. If true it would be only the second strike recorded by the Bureau in that province. And it would be the first CIA strike outside North Waziristan since March 2012 (Ob264).
The fourth strike of the month on October 24 was widely reported to have killed the wife of a retired teacher in the village of Tappi, North Waziristan. According to reports Reshmeen Khan's wife died and eight of their grandchildren, aged between 4 and 18, were critically burned. The drones also reportedly destroyed a house and car in the attack.
On October 15 a militant website announced the earlier death of Moezeddine Garsallaoui, said to be the Belgian-Tunisian (or Swiss-Tunisian) leader of Islamist group Jund al Khilafah. Few details of their death in an unspecified ‘strike' were released and it is unclear if they were killed in a drone strike. Jund al Kilafah claimed responsibility for the Toulouse shootings in March 2012 that killed a rabbi and three children.
Also in October, former cricket captain turned politician Imran Khan led a column of peace activists through Pakistan towards the tribal areas. Their convoy included American activists and international lawyers intent on drawing attention to the CIA's drone campaign. The Pakistan government ultimately blocked them from entering South Waziristan.
Yemen
October 2012 actions
Confirmed US drone strikes: 0
Further reported/possible US strike events: 4
Total reported killed in US operations: 0-23
Civilians reported killed in US strikes: 0
All actions 2002 – October 31 2012*
Total confirmed US operations: 53-63
Total confirmed US drone strikes: 42-52
Possible additional US operations: 122-142
Of which possible additional US drone strikes: 66-80
Total reported killed: 362-1,055
Total civilians killed: 60-163
Children killed: 24-34
Click here for the full Yemen data.
Thirteen named militants were reportedly killed in four possible drone strikes this month. Seven perished in an airstrike on October 18 (YEM117), as they were said to be preparing an attack on Jaar.
The strike continued through October at the significantly lower level recorded since their May 2012 peak. Although four possible strikes were noted, no senior US or Yemeni officials confirmed US involvement, the first time since November 2011 that officials have shown such reticence.
October also saw the first US strike in Saada since January 2010 (YEM006). A suspected drone killed at least three alleged militants from al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP). However the northern province is dominated by a group of Shia secessionists, the Houthi. In December 2011 AQAP's Mufti labeled the Shia a ‘virus' on the Sunni people, and the group declared war on the Houthi.
The highest value target recently reported killed in Yemen was Said al Shehri on September 10 (YEM114). But on October 4 a recording surfaced purportedly of al Shehri, AQAP's second-in-command, denying reports that they died in a strike. Articles in Yemeni and UK media had already cast doubt on their death.
* All but one of these actions have taken place during Obama's presidency. Reports of incidents in Yemen often conflate individual strikes. The range in the total strikes and total drone strikes we have recorded reflects this.
Somalia
October 2012 actions
Total reported US operations: 0
All actions 2007 – October 31 2012
10-23
Total US drone strikes: 3-9
Total reported killed: 58-170
Civilians reported killed: 11-57
Children reported killed: 1-3
Click here for the Bureau's full data on Somalia. Total US operations:Total US drone strikes:Total reported killed:Civilians reported killed:Children reported killed:
Once again no US drone strikes were reported from Somalia this month. However an extensive investigation by the Washington Post revealed that armed drones routinely deploy over Somalia from the US base at Camp Lemonnier, Djibouti.
The paper also revealed that drones can be over Somalia within minutes and are coordinated from Lemonnier by a 300-strong contingent of US Special Operations commandos.
US operations in Somalia remain secret, and there are still no trustworthy reports of strikes or casualties. Only Iranian broadcaster Press TV consistently reports alleged US strikes. But while the Bureau continues to monitor Press TV's coverage we do not consider these reports reliable, and do not count them in our data.
Reporting accurately from Somalia remains an extremely dangerous job. This year seventeen journalists have been ‘killed with complete impunity in Somalia', according to monitoring group Reporters Without Borders.
Other notable news for October
The UN is to set up a special unit to investigate reports of civilian deaths in US covert drone strikes. Announcing the Geneva-based unit, Ben Emmerson QC said the Bureau's reports of deliberate strikes on funerals and on rescuers could be considered ‘war crimes'.
In the UK a series of developments hinted at growing concern over covert drone strikes. Politicians from across the main parties launched a parliamentary focus group on drones, led by high-profile MPs Tom Watson and Zac Goldsmith, to examine military and civilian uses of drones. This coincided with the RAF inaugurating its new Reaper squadron, which will pilot the drones from the UK for the first time.
British courts also saw their first major legal challenge to the CIA's drone campaign as Noor Khan, whose father died in a drone strike, applied for a judicial review. Khan is calling for an end to a reported policy of British spies sharing information with the CIA that leads to drone strikes. No decision has yet been reached on whether a review will proceed.
And relatives of Rashid Rauf, a British citizen killed in a drone strike, announced plans to sue the UK government for providing the CIA with information that helped them kill him.
Internationally, academics at Columbia Law School examined the Bureau's data on drone deaths alongside that of the New America Foundation and the Long War Journal, and the available reporting of drone strikes in 2011. The study concluded that the Bureau's data was the most reliable public count of civilian casualties, but called on the US government to release its own figures.
The Columbia report follows a similar study from Stanford and New York universities in September which also deemed the Bureau's data the most accurate publicly available.
Follow Chris Woods, Alice Ross and Jack Serle on Twitter.
To sign up for monthly updates from the Bureau's Covert War project click here.
Terms
Lucid. (the “Company”) respects the privacy of its customers, employees, business partners, and others, and strives to process personal information in accordance with the laws of the countries in which it conducts business. This global privacy and data protection policy (the “Policy”) sets forth the privacy principles that the Company follows with respect to personal information it collects, uses, and discloses globally, except to the extent the Company is required to collect, use, or disclose personal information to respond to a legal or an ethical obligation, or is expressly permitted or authorized by an applicable law, rule, or regulation to collect, use, or disclose personal information for certain purposes consistent with that law, rule, or regulation.
Scope
This Policy applies to all personal information collected, used, and disclosed by or on behalf of the Company, in any format including electronic, paper, or verbal.
Definitions
For purposes of this Policy, the following definitions shall apply:
“Agent” means any third party that collects or uses personal information under the instructions of, and solely for, the Company or to which the Company discloses personal information for use on the Company's behalf.
“Company” means Lucid., including its subsidiaries, affiliates, predecessors, successors, and divisions, but excluding joint ventures to which the Company is a party. “Personal Information” means any information or set of information that identifies or is used by or on behalf of the Company to identify an individual. Personal Information does not include information that is encoded or anonymized, or publicly available information that has not been combined with non-public personal information. “Sensitive Personal Information” means Personal Information that reveals race, ethnic origin, political opinions, religious or philosophical beliefs, trade union membership, information about an individual's health or sex life, Social Security Number, drivers' license number, or other government-issued identification number, credit or debit card number, or financial account information. In addition, the Company will treat as Sensitive Personal Information any information received from a third party where that third party treats and identifies the information as sensitive.
Privacy Policy
Necessity: The Company collects, uses, and discloses the Personal Information necessary for identified business purposes, and retains the information in identifiable form only as long as necessary.
Choice: The Company will offer individuals the opportunity to choose whether Personal Information about them is (a) to be disclosed to a nonagent third party, or (b) to be used for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual, or (c) to continue to be used for certain types of ongoing processing, such as ongoing commercial e-mail, facsimile, telemarketing, or direct mail communications. For Sensitive Personal Information, the Company will give individuals the opportunity to affirmatively and explicitly consent (opt-in) to the disclosure of the information to a non-agent third party or to the use of the information for a purpose other than the purpose for which it was originally collected or subsequently authorized by the individual, except where such disclosure or secondary use is required or expressly permitted by law. The Company will provide individuals with reasonable mechanisms to exercise their choices.
Data Integrity: The Company will use Personal Information only in ways that are compatible with the purposes for which it was collected or subsequently authorized by the individual. The Company will take reasonable steps to ensure that Personal Information is accurate, complete, current, and relevant to its intended use.
Onward Transfer: The Company will obtain written assurances from its agents that they will collect, use, and disclose Personal Information only as instructed by the Company, and that they will safeguard Personal Information with at least the same level of protection as is provided by this Policy as well as applicable laws, rules, regulations, and orders, and that they will require the same of any subcontractor. Where the Company has knowledge that an agent is using or disclosing Personal Information in a manner contrary to this Policy, the Company will take reasonable steps to prevent or stop the use or disclosure.
Access and Correction: Upon request, the Company will grant individuals reasonable access to factual Personal Information that it holds about them. In addition, the Company will take reasonable steps to permit individuals to correct, amend, or delete information that is demonstrated to be factually inaccurate or incomplete.
Security: The Company will implement reasonable administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect Personal Information in its possession from loss, misuse, and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, and destruction, and will contractually require the same of its agents. The Company will evaluate any security incident reasonably expected to involve Sensitive Personal Information or where otherwise required by law, and will report any unauthorized disclosure of Sensitive Personal Information to governmental authorities and impacted individuals as required by and in accordance with applicable laws.
Enforcement: The Company will conduct compliance audits, reviews, and assessments of its relevant privacy practices to verify adherence to this Policy. Any employee that the Company determines is in violation of this policy will be subject to disciplinary action up to and including termination of employment.
Dispute Resolution: Any questions or concerns regarding the use or disclosure of Personal Information should be directed to the responsible corporate official. The Company will investigate and attempt to resolve complaints and disputes regarding use and disclosure of Personal Information in accordance with the principles contained in this Policy.
Contact Information Questions or comments regarding this Policy should be submitted to info@lucidmattress.com.
PRINCE ALBERT, Sask. – A Saskatchewan man has been found not guilty of drug trafficking by arguing that they are simply a very heavy pot smoker.
Devon Douglas Lavallee was charged in August 2013 when they were pulled over by the RCMP for erratic driving in the vicinity of Weldon, near Prince Albert.
Court heard that the officers found nearly half a kilogram of marijuana when they searched Lavallee's vehicle and even more pot when they searched their home the next day.
A Mountie with experience in drug trafficking cases testified that the dope was too much for a recreational user.
Const. Tyson Drabinasty said the “typical user” would not keep such large quantities on hand because marijuana loses its potency within six months to a year.
But Lavallee argued that he's been smoking between five and 13 grams a day for 13 years. They said it was to help relieve chronic back pain.
Provincial court Judge Felicia Daunt said in their ruling released Monday that the Crown was unable to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that Lavallee intended to sell the pot.
Daunt said generally, they found Lavallee to be truthful, but prone to exaggeration.
“Although they didn't bring any documentary evidence to back up their claim of chronic back pain, I have no reason to disbelieve him,” Daunt wrote.
“He says they smoke a lot of pot. This assertion is bolstered by all the indicia of personal use found in their truck, in their home and in their garage.
“He smokes so much that they forgot they had pot left when they went to buy some more.”
Daunt also noted that no scale or cellphone were found in Lavallee's home – two items that can be evidence of trafficking.
“The absence of packaging material suitable for distribution in smaller quantities troubles me the most,” said Daunt.
“The Crown theory that the accused buys in half pound quantity and then turns around and sells in half pound quantity is pure speculation, and unsupported by any evidence that this is a business model anyone has encountered before.”
However, Lavallee was found guilty of possessing marijuana. The case is due back in court next March.
A new report accuses glyphosate producers of “buying science” in order to secure the substance's position in the EU market.
According to the Buying Science report published by GLOBAL 2000 (Friends of the Earth Austria member of Pesticide Action Network-PAN) with the support of Avaaz, BUND, Campact, CEO, GMWatch, (PAN) Europe, PAN Germany, and Umweltinstitut München, Monsanto and other glyphosate manufacturers allegedly “distorted scientific evidence” on the public health impacts of the pesticide.
The authors of the report claim that, between 2012 and 2016, the companies sponsored a series of review articles published in scientific journals, all of which conclude that glyphosate and its commercial formulations are not carcinogenic.
Scandalous
“Glyphosate producers have used every trick in the book to enable regulatory authorities around the world to play down the alarming health effects of glyphosate. The fact that the agencies accepted their ‘assistance' is nothing less than scandalous,” insisted Helmut Burtscher, one of the study's authors.
Earlier this month (15 March), the European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) concluded that glyphosate weedkiller should not be classified as a carcinogen.
Environmentalist NGOs reacted strongly, with Greenpeace saying that the ECHA “sweeps glyphosate cancer evidence under the carpet”.
Glyphosate is not carcinogenic, EU agency says The European Chemicals Agency (ECHA) said today (15 March) that much-discussed glyphosate weedkiller should not be classified as a carcinogen, triggering a strong response from environmentalist NGOs.
The Health and Environment Alliance (HEAL) went further, claiming that the decision contradicted the world's most authoritative cancer research agency, the World Health Organisation's International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), which classified glyphosate as a “probable carcinogen” in 2015.
Scientific flaws
The NGOs claim that these reviews proving glyphosate is safe contain “fundamental scientific flaws spanning from apparently calculated omissions and the introduction of irrelevant data to the violation of OECD guidance for the evaluation of rodent cancer studies”.
“The reviews also consistently assign greater weight to unpublished industry studies than to studies that were peer-reviewed and published in scientific journals,” the report noted.
The report stressed that regulatory authorities like Germany's Federal Institute for Risk Assessment (BfR), the European Food Safety Authority (EFSA) and the US Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) have all drawn on such review articles, which have concluded that glyphosate was not carcinogenic, have actually referred to these industry-sponsored review articles.
“In contrast, IARC refused to consider the unpublished industry studies summarised in industry-sponsored reviews in its assessment of glyphosate, stating that the data presented therein were insufficient and important details were lacking […] IARC generally does not accept unpublished scientific evidence,” the authors of the report concluded.
Europe poised for total ban on bee-harming pesticides The world's most widely used insecticides would be banned from all fields across Europe under draft regulations from the European Commission, seen by EURACTIV's partner The Guardian.
About 200 people gathered outside the Ontario legislature today to protest the revised sex-education curriculum, while inside Premier Kathleen Wynne was going on the attack against an Opposition critic.
Progressive Conservative Monte McNaughton is openly critical of the updated curriculum and says it's not the job of the premier — “especially Kathleen Wynne” — to tell parents what is age appropriate for their children.
Wynne, who is openly gay, responded by pointedly demanding that McNaughton explain why they feel they are not qualified to set standards for kids in schools.
What is it that especially disqualifies me for the job that I'm doing? Is it that I'm a woman? Is it that I'm a mother? Is it that I have a master's of education?
Staring down McNaughton, Wynne asked if she's unqualified because she's a woman, a mother, a former school trustee, a one time school council chair, a former minister of education or that they have a masters of education. According to the preliminary Hansard transcript of their comments, they said:
“What is it that especially disqualifies me for the job that I'm doing? Is it that I'm a woman? Is it that I'm a mother? Is it that I have a master's of education? Is it that I was a school council chair? Is it that I was the minister of education? What is it exactly that the member opposition thinks disqualifies me from doing the job that I'm doing? What is that?”
McNaughton was not given an opportunity in the legislature to respond to Wynne's questions.
McNaughton and fellow PC leadership Patrick Brown then joined the crowd of protesters gathered outside Queen's Park. After initially indicating they would attend, leadership contender Christine Elliott did not speak at the rally.
— with files from the National Post
Spoiler
Show
Witcher
Making a Witcher
+0
+2
+2
+2
+1
+3
+3
+3
+2
+3
+3
+3
+3
+4
+4
+4
+3
+4
+4
+4
+4
+5
+5
+5
Class Features
From 1918 until 1933 Germany had a democratic constitution. It had very high standards when it came to personal liberties and free speech, even if the words were wielded to harm and ultimately destroy the first functioning Republic in Germany.
Enemies of any democratic order started to throw doubts on the legitimacy of the Government right at the beginning. Eschewing policy discussions, they used taunts, false allegations and ridicule to demean the Republic's representatives, institutions and symbols, thus shattering the already weak support for the Republic. Add to that the economic woes of the 1930's and you see the foundation for the dictatorship that followed and the loss of any civil liberties Germans has had before.
What I have seen in your blogs and newspapers lately leaves me concerned for the prospects of the Obama Presidency. It is not mainly the ever loonier ravings of the clueless. There are absolutely inane and insane claims out there, from the birth certificate to the death panels to the indoctrination of your children. Some of the screaming mob of the right are hardly eloquent enough to order a one course meal in one sentence. Some are more than a few cards shy of a full deck, like Glenn Beck or Ann Coulter. Their pathetic appearances tend to make us cringe or laugh or both. However, we should never underestimate the power of their vile propaganda. Grain by grain the very fabric of your President's standing will erode. All criticism from the right aims at discrediting the person and not their policies, thereby destroying the trust in the office of President.
What concerns me most is the institutionalized disrespect for your President. The heckling during President Obama's speech is only one indication for that. Officials from Congressmen to school district supervisors are working hard to show that they neither respect Barack Obama as a President nor respect them as a man. They pick up the blathering of the crazies and disguise it in a more acceptable language to be made more palatable for the middle classes.
Let us not, due to intellectual disdain for the clearly anti-intellectual, underestimate the danger they pose. Many German intellectuals did it during the Weimar Republic and paid a very high price for it.
Just sayin'.
: : : : : : : : : :
A Future in the Blockchain Shane Gottada Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 28, 2017
© NASA | Unsplash
Around this time last year, I figured out how to compete with Netflix. The problem with even trying to be a player in the streaming industry is that it's still for the most part a money game — spending billions of dollars to license TV shows, movies and songs at scale. I tried a VR headset with motion trackers for the first time. The moment I put it on, I knew it. People aren't just going to watch movies on a screen anymore, they're actually going to be a part of it, in the scene, with the characters. And the best part — Netflix and Amazon can't just spend billions of dollars to license VR content, there isn't any. And I had time, the market would probably take 10 years to reach critical mass. So the plan was to dedicate the next decade of my life to being the best VR filmmaker in the world and refocus all of Schédio onto making VR content at scale — from news to movies. We would build a streaming service that acts as a platform for companies to create VR channels and flood it with a wide range of VR content we produce under different brand names. And over time make way for other types of content and get the companies streaming their VR/AR content to stream their traditional content. An early mockup of the app with a No Man's Sky environment. In the process of finding the resources to realise that idea, I came across the Blockchain. I heard about Bitcoin years ago like most people because of the Deep Web. Sometime in 2012, a friend came up to me with a proposition to invest in hardware to mine Bitcoin. I didn't really need anything from Silk Road, so I passed. I heard about Bitcoin a lot more after that. It was fun watching the hysteria unfold. But I never really gave it much thought, I was busy building Schédio. As I started reading about the Blockchain, I started feeling embarrassed about the fact that I knew what Bitcoin was all this time and never thought of looking into the technology behind it. There was a revolution happening in front of me and I was blind.
© Roberto Nickson | Unsplash
The long term goal for Play even when it was a VR app in development was to be the only app you need to watch any movie or listen to any song. A universal platform for distribution. It was always an audacious attempt as a company, but it's not something that hasn't been done before in some other way by someone else. But the problem with that kind of consolidation of power is that you stifle innovation in the industry you serve. If I have a much better way to interface a ridesharing app, I can't really just build a ridesharing company to make that a reality. This is where the Blockchain changes everything. If you don't know what the Blockchain is or just have a basic understanding, take 15 minutes to watch this video essay by Dagogo Altraide diving into this topic. I started reimagining how Play would work as a Blockchain. I don't think the Blockchain is the solution to every problem in the world, but boy are there a lot of problems that the Blockchain can solve. Some of those are in the way we finance, distribute and consume commercial art.
© Jens Kreuter | Unsplash
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Aug. 28, 2013, 6:21 PM GMT By Tanya Lewis
The first complete living model of the developing human brain has been created in a lab dish.
Researchers grew human stem cells in an environment that encouraged them to form pea-size gobs of brain tissue, which developed into distinct brain tissues, including a cerebral cortex and retina.
The minibrains were used to model microcephaly, a human genetic disorder in which brain size is dramatically reduced. Though not capable of consciousness or other higher cognitive functions, the minibrains allow scientists to study aspects of the developing human brain that are difficult to model in animals.
"The mouse brain is not always a good model system for the human brain," study researcher Jüergen Knoblich, of the Austrian Academy of Science's Institute of Molecular Biotechnology in Vienna, said at a news conference. "Our system allows us to study human-specific features of brain development."
Other groups have grown small pieces of neural tissue in the lab before, but none has been able to successfully grow tissue that contained both a cortex — the specialized outer layer of the brain — and other brain regions, Knoblich said.
Started with stem cells
To create the minibrains, Knoblich and their team took human embryonic stem cells or induced pluripotent stem cells — both types of cells with a capacity to develop into any kind of tissue — and grew the cells in conditions that allowed them to form a tissue called neuroectoderm, which develops into the nervous system. The researchers embedded fragments of the tissue in droplets of gel to create a scaffold to guide further growth. They then transferred the droplets to a spinning bioreactor that increased nutrient absorption.
After 15 to 20 days, the tissue formed minibrains called cerebral organoids, each enclosing a fluid-filled region, much like the cerebral ventricles that contain cerebrospinal fluid in the human brain. After 20 to 30 days, some of the organoids formed defined brain areas, including a cerebral cortex (the brain's complex outer layer); retinal tissue, the light-sensitive part of the eye; meninges, the membranes that envelope the brain; and choroid plexus, which produces the cerebrospinal fluid that bathes the brain.
The minibrains grew 2 to 3 millimeters (0.08-0.1 in) in diameter, and have survived in lab dishes for 10 months so far. Their size is limited, because they lack a circulatory system to provide nutrients and oxygen to their core regions. As a result, the brains could not develop the many layers seen in a real human brain, the researchers said.
Learning about disorders
In addition to modeling how a healthy human brain develops, the organoids can be used to model brain disorders. Knoblich and their colleagues used their minibrains to study microcephaly, a disorder not easily studied in mice because their brains are already smaller than human ones. They took skin cells from a microcephaly patient and reprogrammed them into stem cells, which they then grew into brain organoids.
The mini microcephaly brains grown from the patient's cells were smaller than ones grown from normal tissue, but had more neuron growth. The results suggest the brains of microcephaly patients develop neurons too early, before their brains have grown large enough. Other experiments showed the orientation in which the stem cells divide could also play a role in the disorder.
Biologist Gong Chen of Pennsylvania State University, who was not involved with the research, called it "a remarkable achievement," adding, "it opens the door for many studies on the human brain using human neurons."
This method of growing minibrains in a lab could be used to or test medications, or to study other brain disorders. "Ultimately, we would like to move to more common disorders, like schizophrenia and autism," Knoblich said, though they added that it's premature to speculate when scientists will develop minibrains complex enough to do so.
The research was detailed online Wednesday in the journal Nature.
This article has been updated to note where the study was published, and to correct Gong Chen's academic affiliation.
Follow Tanya Lewis on Twitter and Google+. Follow us @livescience, Facebook and Google+. Original article on LiveScience.
Lieutenant Colonel Kenneth Pinkela is fighting a conviction of exposing someone to HIV.
The primary witness in the military court case that convicted Lieutenant Colonel Kenneth Pinkela of HIV-related charges has written a public letter asking for the case to be dismissed.
“Please drop this obscenely unjust case against LTC Pinkela,” writes Elliot Scott Henney to Secretary of the Army John M. McHugh. “As the unknowingly primary, and only witness, against him, after being lied to by the Army prosecutor and thereby destroying innocent people's lives in the name of homophobia and HIV-phobia, I believe my request must be heard and acted on.... This case should have NEVER made it to a courtroom, and the way in which the case was ‘put together,' with deceit and lies, is NOT the way any person, or officer, should ever suffer.”
Pinkela was convicted in 2012 for exposing someone to HIV, a charge they deny.  They are now fighting to have the case reviewed by McHugh and President Obama, the only two officials authorized to change the outcome of the court-martial. Specifically, Pinkela posted a petition on Change.org directed to McHugh. It has over 73,000 supporters.
The letter by Henney, in which they spell out the many reasons the case should be dismissed, can be read in full on Pinkela's petition.
In another development of this case, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces (CAAF) earlier this year vacated the decision of the Army Court of Criminal Appeals (ACCA) to affirm HIV-related charges of aggravated assault and reckless endangerment against Pinkela.
The ACCA will now look at the court records to determine whether the evidence against Pinkela was sufficient to warrant the charges. Also, the ACCA will review the case in light of a recent military court ruling involving HIV charges. In that case, United States v. Gutierrez, the court ruled that an accused HIV-positive officer was unlikely to transmit the virus because they were on HIV meds.
Back in 2013, Pinkela addressed the Presidential Advisory Council on HIV/AIDS (PACHA) regarding their case. Their speech was then posted as a POZ opinion piece.
A 36-year-old undergraduate student at the Illinois Institute of Technology was beaten to death in Chicago's Bronzeville neighborhood Thursday morning, authorities said.Chicago police and Illinois Tech Public Safety officers responded to 3040 South Wabash Avenue around 5 a.m. They found a 36-year-old man beaten on the sidewalk behind Keating Hall. They were rushed to Northwestern Memorial Hospital, where they later died.A statement issued by the university identified the victim as Jermiron "Jay" Morris. Police said they got into an argument with a 43-year-old acquaintance, who the university said was also an Illinois Tech student.That man is in custody and police said charges are pending."Illinois Institute of Technology is saddened to report the death of one of our students. Illinois Tech was notified that two Illinois Tech students returning to campus early this morning were involved in an altercation," said Alan W. Cramb, president, Illinois Institute of Technology.The university said there is no immediate threat to the community. Students were alerted to the investigation via email Thursday morning, and school officials said counselors are available to students and staff.Morris was a featured student on IIT's website . They were part of the School of Applied Technology's Industrial Technology and Management program, earning their bachelor's and master's degree at the same time. They were also the recipient of IIT's Presidential Scholarship.Before they joined the INTM program, Morris worked as a trucker and earned their associate's degree from Richard J. Daley College in Chicago, the website said.Morris was very active on campus and thought it was important to have a "global perspective, both personally and professionally." They traveled to China in 2014, where they studied Asian Business Management, Chinese, Chinese Government and Politics, the website said.He would have graduated this year."I am very proud to be an ambassador for INTM and IIT in my community. As I begin my final year of study, I feel very prepared to face whatever challenges await," Morris said on the website.
- A Northville doctor was charged on Thursday with performing female genital mutilation on minor girls out of a Livonia medical office.
According to the complaint filed in federal court, Dr. Jumana Nagarwala performed the procedure on girls between the ages of 6 and 8 years old. The complaint states that some members of a religion across the world have the procedure done to reduce sexual pleasure and promiscuity.
The federal document claims that children from other states were brought to Dr. Nagarwala to undergo the operations. Two victims from Minnesota stayed at a hotel in Farmington Hills in February. One of the girls is 11 years old and told authorities that they came to the Detroit area for a "special" girls trip, and when they arrived at the hotel they and the other young girl had to go to the doctor because "their tummies hurt."
While at the doctor's office, they said a procedure was done to "get the germs out." They identified Nagarwala as the woman who performed the operation. They also said that they were told not to talk about the procedure.
A doctor in Minnesota performed an examination of the girl pursuant to a search warrant. The doctor said the girl's genitals were not normal and observed scar tissue and healing lacerations.
The other girl, 7, said they got a shot in their upper right thigh. They also told officials that they were told not to talk about what happened. A Minnesota doctor performed an operation and discovered the 7 year old also had their genitals altered.
The younger girl said they left a glove in the medical clinic. This week, a search warrant was executed and the girl's glove - which had their name on it - was found in the clinic.
Child Protective Services and a federal agent interviewed the younger girl's parents on Monday of this week. Them parents said they went to Detroit for a "cleansing" of extra skin.
Through the investigation, officials say they've identified other children who may have had the operation performed on them between 2005 and 2007, including children in Michigan. CPS in Michigan and the FBI interviewed several minor girls about the procedure. Multiple girls all said that the doctor performed the operations on them. Some of the parents also confirmed that happened as well.
"Female genital mutilation constitutes a particularly brutal form of violence against women and girls. It is also a serious federal felony in the United States. The practice has no place in modern society and those who perform FGM on minors will be held accountable under federal law," stated Acting United States Attorney Daniel Lemisch.
"According to the complaint, despite their oath to care for their patients, Dr. Nagarwala is alleged to have performed horrifying acts of brutality on the most vulnerable victims," said Acting Assistant Attorney General Blanco. "The Department of Justice is committed to stopping female genital mutilation in this country, and will use the full power of the law to ensure that no girls suffer such physical and emotional abuse."
FGM is described in many ways including as a partial or total removal of the clitoris for nonmedical purposes.
The federal document says the doctor knew that female genital mutilation is illegal. They said they have no knowledge of it being performed by anyone and that they never performed on anyone, including minors.
Nagarwala will have their detention hearing on Monday to see if they are granted bond. Them attorney and prosecutors did not care to comment. The criminal complaint did not make any mention if the parents will face any charges.
New Indiana Pacers include (top row, from left) Chase Budinger, Myles Turner, Monta Ellis and Jordan Hill. (Bottom row, from left) Glenn Robinson III, Rakeem Christmas, Joe Young and Toney Douglas. (Photo: Star photo illustration)
The Indiana Pacers and the rest of the NBA announced the 2015-16 schedule Wednesday night. The Pacers are looking to bounce back from an injury-ravaged season that left them narrowly out of the Eastern Conference playoffs.
The offseason changes —and there were plenty — bring plenty of intrigue to the upcoming season.
Here's what caught our eye on the Pacers' schedule, which includes seven ESPN games and four on NBA TV:
SEASON OPENER
Pacers at Raptors, Oct. 28
The Pacers start the season Wednesday, Oct. 28 in Toronto against the Raptors.
What are you most interesting in seeing? Key questions include: Is Paul George 100 percent healthy? How will Monta Ellis fit in? Who will be playing in the frontcourt? What does the new uptempo offense look like?
The Pacers will see the departed Luis Scola on the opposing bench.
HOME OPENER
vs. Grizzlies, Oct. 29
First week, first back-to-back. One night after the opener, the Memphis Grizzlies, who trounced the Pacers in last season's finale to eliminate them from the playoffs, visit Bankers Life Fieldhouse. Hoosier favorites Mike Conley (Lawrence North), Courtney Lee (Pike) and Zach Randolph (Marion) are regulars in Memphis' rotation.
NOTABLE VISITORS FROM L.A.
vs. Lakers, Feb. 8
Roy Hibbert went from the face of Area 55 and two All-Star appearances to scapegoat in a hurry with the Pacers. They opted in for their 2015-16 contract despite a lesser role in Indiana. The Pacers gave everyone a fresh start by trading them to the Lakers, and they will return on Feb. 8. Coming with them will be one of the game's all-time greats, Kobe Bryant, in what may well be their final Indy visit. Bryant led the Lakers past the Pacers in the 2000 NBA Finals, but they have been suffering from injuries more than playing the past two seasons. The Pacers are at the Lakers on Nov. 29.
WEST COMES EAST
vs. Spurs, March 7
David West, the Pacers' locker room leader for four years, will visit with their new team, the San Antonio Spurs, on March 7. West passed on more than $11 million so they didn't have to play with the Pacers anymore, but their decision to come to Indiana in 2011, passing on a potential championship with the Celtics of Kevin Garnett, Paul Pierce, Ray Allen and Rajon Rondo, was a key factor in the team playing in back-to-back Eastern Conference finals. Replacing West's presence is a key question facing the Pacers this season. Indiana is in San Antonio on Dec. 21.
MAIN ATTRACTION
vs. Cavaliers, Feb. 1 and April 6
LeBron James is the biggest draw in the sport, even if they haven't won Most Valuable Player in a little while. They were the sworn enemy of Pacers fans when they played for the Miami Heat. The venom may have dissipated a little now that he's again a Cleveland Cavalier but if the Pacers plan on going anywhere in the postseason, they have to go through the Cavs. Indiana hosts Cleveland Feb. 1 and April 6, while matchups in Cleveland are Nov. 8 and Feb. 29.
THE CHAMPS
vs. Warriors, Dec. 8
The Golden State Warriors combined high-octane offense with just enough defense to win the NBA title last season. Fans love watching Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson, et al, and their style is what the Pacers want to emulate as they rebuild with newcomers Ellis, Jordan Hill, Myles Turner, etc. The matchup at Bankers Life is Dec. 8.
REMEMBER THEM AS KIDS?
A lot of former high school stars from the area are scheduled to play the Pacers: Gordon Hayward (Brownsburg/Butler/Jazz) on Oct. 31 (fans could dress like him), Eric Gordon (North Central/IU/Pelicans) on March 24, Jeff Teague (Pike/Hawks) on Dec. 28 and Jan. 28, Gary Harris (Hamilton Southeastern/Nuggets) on Jan. 30, Josh McRoberts (Carmel/Heat) on Nov. 6 and Dec. 11. Former Butler coach Brad Stevens brings the Boston Celtics in on Nov. 4 and March 15.
January is a brutal month for travling: #Pacers have two separate 4-game road trips. Only six home games total in the month — Candace Buckner (@CandaceDBuckner) August 12, 2015
2015-16 PACERS SCHEDULE
Oct. 28: at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
Oct. 29: Memphis, 7 p.m.
Oct. 31: Utah, 7 p.m.
Nov. 3: at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Nov. 4: Boston, 7 p.m.
Nov. 6: Miami, 8 p.m., ESPN
Nov. 8: at Cleveland, 3:30 p.m.
Nov. 9: Orlando, 7 p.m.
Nov. 11: at Boston, 7:30 p.m.
Nov. 13: Minnesota, 7 p.m.
Nov. 16: at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Nov. 18: at Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Nov. 21: Milwaukee, 7 p.m., NBATV
Nov. 24: at Washington, 7 p.m.
Nov. 27: Chicago, 8 p.m.
Nov. 29: at L.A. Lakers, 9:30 p.m.
Dec. 2: at L.A. Clippers, 10:30 p.m.
Dec. 3: at Portland, 10 p.m.
Dec. 5: at Utah, 9 p.m.
Dec. 8: Golden State, 7 p.m.
Dec. 11: Miami, 7 p.m., ESPN
Dec. 12: at Detroit, 7:30 p.m.
Dec. 14: Toronto, 7 p.m.
Dec. 16: Dallas, 7 p.m.
Dec. 18: Brooklyn, 7 p.m.
Dec. 19: at Memphis, 8 p.m.
Dec. 21: at San Antonio, 8:30 p.m.
Dec. 23: Sacramento, 7 p.m.
Dec. 26: at Minnesota, 8 p.m.
Dec. 28: Atlanta, 7 p.m.
Dec. 30: at Chicago, 8 p.m.
Dec. 31: Milwaukee, 6 p.m.
Jan. 2: Detroit, 7 p.m.
Jan. 4: at Miami, 7:30 p.m., NBA TV
Jan. 6: at Orlando, 7 p.m.
Jan. 8: at New Orleans, 8 p.m.
Jan. 10: at Houston, 7 p.m.
Jan. 12: Phoenix, 7 p.m.
Jan. 13: at Boston, 8 p.m., ESPN
Jan. 15: Washington, 7 p.m.
Jan. 17: at Denver, 8 p.m.
Jan. 19: at Phoenix, 9 p.m.
Jan. 22: at Golden State, 10:30 p.m., ESPN
Jan. 23: at Sacramento, 10:30 p.m.
Jan. 26: L.A. Clippers, 7 p.m.
Jan. 28: Atlanta, 7 p.m.
Jan. 30: Denver, 7 p.m.
Feb. 1: Cleveland, 7 p.m.
Feb. 3: at Brooklyn, 7:30 p.m.
Feb. 5: at Atlanta, 7 p.m., ESPN
Feb. 6: Detroit, 7 p.m.
Feb. 8: L.A. Lakers, 7 p.m.
Feb. 10: Charlotte, 7 p.m.
Feb. 19: at Oklahoma City, 8 p.m., ESPN
Feb. 21: at Orlando, 6 p.m.
Feb. 22: at Miami, 7:30 p.m.
Feb. 24: New York, 7 p.m.
Feb. 26: Charlotte, 7 p.m.
Feb. 28: Portland, 6 p.m.
Feb. 29: at Cleveland, 7 p.m., NBA TV
Mar. 2: at Milwaukee, 8 p.m.
Mar. 4: at Charlotte, 7 p.m.
Mar. 5: at Washington, 7 p.m.
Mar. 7: San Antonio, 7 p.m.
Mar. 12: at Dallas, 2 p.m.
Mar. 13: at Atlanta, 6 p.m., NBA TV
Mar. 15: Boston, 7 p.m.
Mar. 17: Toronto, 7 p.m.
Mar. 19: Oklahoma City, 7 p.m.
Mar. 21: Philadelphia, 7 p.m.
Mar. 24: New Orleans, 7 p.m., NBA TV
Mar. 26: at Brooklyn, 6 p.m.
Mar. 27: Houston, 6 p.m.
Mar. 29: Chicago, 7 p.m.
Mar. 31: Orlando, 7 p.m.
Apr. 2: at Philadelphia, 7:30 p.m.
Apr. 3: at New York, 7:30 p.m.
Apr. 6: Cleveland, 7 p.m., ESPN
Apr. 8: at Toronto, 7:30 p.m.
Apr. 10: Brooklyn, 6 p.m.
Apr. 12: New York, 7 p.m.
Apr. 13: at Milwaukee, 8 p.m.
Why you should be taking a ‘hack yourself first' approach to application security
The websites and organisations that are more secure than others have a solid understanding of the performance of their software development lifecycle
Unfortunately and unsurprisingly, website breaches have become an everyday occurrence. In fact, hacked websites have become so common that typically only the biggest data breaches capture enough attention to make headlines. Experts have known this eventuality was coming and honestly, the prediction was easy.
All one had to do was look at the pervasiveness of web use in modern society, the amount of data and money being exchanged online and read any industry report about the volume of vulnerabilities exposed on the average website.
With this information in hand, the final magic ingredient is a motivated adversary willing to take advantage of the vulnerability.
Historically it was difficult to predict or quantify the consequences of having little or no website security. Now, after countless breaches, the industry has a fairly good idea.
> See also: Dangerous liaisons: how the Ashley Madison hack ended the age of innocence in cybersecurity
Website breaches lead directly to fraud, identity theft, regulatory fines, brand damage, lawsuits, downtime, malware propagation and loss of customers. Whilst a victimised organisation may ultimately survive a cybercrime incident, the business disruption and losses are often severe.
Website security in 2015
WhiteHat Security's annual security statistics report this year examined web vulnerabilities in more than 30,000 websites throughout 2014. The data turned out to be far more serious than anticipated.
The results found that 86% of these had at least one serious vulnerability, whilst 56% of websites had multiple serious vulnerabilities. On average, 61% of these vulnerabilities were resolved, but doing so took an average of 193 days from the first customer notification.
Application vulnerability likelihood has significantly changed in the last few years. In 2012, an application was most likely to have an information leakage (58% likelihood) or cross-site scripting (55%) vulnerability.
However, in 2014, applications were most likely to have insufficient transport layer protection (70%) or information leakage (56%).
The sharp rise in insufficient transport layer protection can be highlighted by the discovery of zero-day vulnerabilities such as Heartbleed. In response, the likelihood of content spoofing, cross-site scripting and fingerprinting has sharply declined in recent years.
Content spoofing was 33% likely in 2012 but only 26% in 2014. Meanwhile, fingerprinting and cross-site scripting have declined 18% and 6% respectively.
In terms of a vulnerability's window of exposure – the defined number of days an application has one or more serious vulnerabilities open during a given time period – the 2015 report found that 55% of retail trade sites, 50% of healthcare and social assistance sites, and 35% of finance and insurance sites were always vulnerable.
This means these sites had at least one serious vulnerability exposed every single day of the year. Conversely, only 16% of retail trade sites, 18% of healthcare and social assistance sites and 25% of finance/insurance sites had one or more serious vulnerabilities exposed for less than 30 days of the year.
Educational Services was identified as the best performing industry with the highest percentage of rarely vulnerable sites. Arts, entertainment and recreation are the next best industries with sites in the rarely vulnerable category.
Remediation is what counts
Website security is an ever-moving target. New websites are launched all the time, new code is released constantly and new web technologies are created and adopted every day. As a result, new attack techniques are frequently disclosed that can put every online business at risk.
In order to stay protected, enterprises must receive timely information about how they can most efficiently defend their websites and gain visibility into the performance of their security programmes.
While no true best practice exists, the key is in identifying the security metrics that mean the most to the organisation, and focusing on those activities to fix specific vulnerabilities. Remediation, more than anything, is the hardest thing to do when it comes to application security.
The first order of business is to determine what websites an organisation owns and then prioritise as much metadata about those websites as possible. Through dynamic or static vulnerability assessment, an application security metrics programme should be created.
The programme should track the volume and type of vulnerabilities that exist, how long reported issues take to get fixed and the percentage that are actually getting fixed. With visibility through data, the answers to the problem become much clearer.
Researchers from Whitehat Security found that the best way to lower the average number of vulnerabilities, speed up time-to-fix and increase remediation rate is to feed vulnerability results back to the development teams though established bug tracking or mitigation skills.
This approach makes application security front-and-centre in a development group's daily activity and creates an effective process to solve problems.
Average remediation rates for industries vary significantly from 16% for professional, scientific and technical services sites, to 35% for arts, entertainment and recreation sites. It is also interesting to note that organisations that are compliance-driven to remediate vulnerabilities have the lowest average number of vulnerabilities (12 per website) and the highest remediation rate (86%).
> See also: This security procedure takes five seconds and could save your business millions
Conversely and curiously, organisations driven by risk reduction to remediate have an average of 23 vulnerabilities per website and a remediation rate of 18%. The skeptical theory is that compliance-driven programmes are simply incentivised to discover the vulnerabilities they are legally required to look for, which is obviously less than the totality.
To summarise, if you look for fewer vulnerabilities, you will find less. At the same time, compliance is a big corporate issue when it comes to fixing known issues and is likely what drives remediation rates up. Risk reduction, right or wrong, often finds itself an accepted business risk and ultimately drives remediation rates down.
Vulnerabilities are plentiful, they stay open for weeks or months and typically only half get fixed. The websites and organisations that are more secure than others have a solid understanding of the performance of their software development lifecycle and have a developed a security metrics programme that best reflects how to maintain security throughout.
Sourced from Jeremiah Grossman, Founder, WhiteHat Security
Tesla CEO Elon Musk on Saturday chided business executives that leave President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's business advisory council, saying doing so “would be wrong.”
In a pair of tweets on Saturday, Musk remarked on the influence that sitting on the advisory council allowed them to have, saying they were able to make addressing the president's executive order on immigration a top priority in a White House meeting on Friday.
They also said they were able to raise the issue of climate change at that same meeting. The council, they said, is “doing good,” and they would remain a member.
At my request, the agenda for yesterday's White House meeting went from not mentioning the travel ban to having it be first and foremost — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 4, 2017
In addition, I again raised climate. I believe this is doing good, so will remain on council & keep at it. Doing otherwise would be wrong. — Elon Musk (@elonmusk) February 4, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
Musk's remarks came days after Uber CEO Travis Kalanick decided to resign from the council amid pressure over Trump's order denying entry to nationals from seven Muslim-majority nations and putting a hold the country's refugee resettlement program.
Shortly after the order was signed on Jan. 27, reports emerged of individuals being detained at airports around the country, including New York's John F. Kennedy International Airport.
The city's taxi drivers launched a boycott of the airport, but Uber continued its business there as usual, sparking a wave of anger among critics of the immigration order and prompting more than 200,000 people to delete their Uber accounts.
Musk, however, remained on the advisory council, and vowed to express their objections to the president's executive order at the Friday meeting.
The Department of Homeland Security said Saturday that has suspended "any and all actions" regarding Trump's ban on citizens from the seven countries, though the government plans to file an emergency stay on a judge's ruling halting the order.
Shortly after Musk's tweets on Saturday, other users began to criticize the Tesla CEO's alleged foray into politics.
“@elonmusk not sure, though, to spend time on politics is the right way. Especially when you stayed away from it by your own choice before,” one user tweeted at Musk.
Musk responded by saying that they didn't want to get into politics, but said that they wanted “to help invent and develop technologies that improve lives.”
With an exciting Women's WorldTour and World Road Championships behind us, the road season is coming to a close. While some cyclists are off enjoying some well-deserved vacation, others are readying themselves for a winter in the mud or on the track.
A perfect time then for us to sit down with UCI's Women's Coordinator, to look back on the 2017 season and discuss what's ahead.
The second annual Women's WorldTour was ‘a step forward'
Appointed at the end of 2015, Gaultier is tasked with developing and promoting women's cycling in all its disciplines, including the Women's WorldTour. There's much room to grow still and progress to be made, but looking back, Gaultier said the season-long series has been a significant step forward for women's cycling.
Launched in 2016 to replace the former UCI World Cup, the Women's WorldTour came with promises of increased publicity and professionalism. While the WorldTour is certainly experiencing some growing pains (https://cyclingtips.com/2016/11/the-inaugural-womens-worldtour-did-it-live-up-to-its-expectations/), the series has successfully expanded the women's calendar and added some big-name events in conjunction with men's events.
Launched with 16 races in 2016, the 2017 Women's WorldTour increased to 20 events over 46 race days.
Some of the expansions included women's versions of iconic races like the Amstel Gold Race and Liège–Bastogne–Liège, giving the women's peloton their first-ever complete Ardennes Week, which was met with much enthusiasm by riders and fans alike.
“The second Women's WorldTour has made a number of significant steps forward following the inaugural edition last year,” Gaultier told Ella CyclingTips, listing the Ardennes races as well as the Ladies Tour of Norway as its highlights.
“The Ladies Tour of Norway is the only race in Norway dedicated to women's cycling, and the Boels Ladies Tour, a six-day stage race which is the second longest race in the Women's WorldTour, after the Giro Rosa.”
More importantly, an increased amount of races is broadcasted live, Gaultier stated.
“We worked closely with the organisers, who have increased the number of races broadcasted live this year to 12 compared to nine last season,” they said. “This has meant 17 days of live coverage compared with 11 for 2016.”
Going forward, Gaultier stressed that the UCI intends to work with more race organisers on providing TV coverage or some form of live streaming.
“All of these improvements have come about as a result of an increase in the UCI's investment with IMG in the series and women's cycling as a whole,” they said. “IMG also produces a regular feature on women's cycling for its inCycle program, which has grown from 12 to 24 episodes this year.”
Smaller fields, tighter vehicle regulations
On the governance side, a Women's WorldTour Committee was established “to discuss and continue the development of the series in partnership with riders, teams and event hosts,” Gaultier explained.
“While significant progress has been made, at the UCI, we are constantly looking at ways to improve and grow women's cycling.”
Safety and welfare are part of that, and in 2018, we'll see the first steps towards a safer, and more level, field of competitors, said Gaultier. And this starts with a restricted field size.
“For the Women's WorldTour, the peloton sizes are now 176 riders at a maximum [instead of 200],” Gaultier explained. “There is a maximum number of 24 teams that can start in a Women's WorldTour event and only two national teams are allowed; a team from the organiser's country and one foreign team.”
“Among other key actions taken by the UCI, we have published official guidelines for vehicle circulation in the race convoy,” Gaultier continued.
This reference document is aimed at all vehicles in a road cycling event and includes guidelines on matters like the appropriate times when motors and team bikes are allowed to pass riders, how many motorcycles can be around the peloton at any given point and the order of team cars passing each other in time trials.
True Women's WorldTour teams
When it comes to growing women's cycling, the UCI's plan is a comprehensive one, Gaultier said.
“There are several areas that we are proactively looking to improve, such as enhancing investment in the overall event, increased exposure on TV and social media, and raising the overall standard and professionalising all ‘Women's WorldTour teams',” they specified.
The latter, especially, is one where we could soon see a shift.
For a few years now there have been those who believe women's cycling is ready for a two-tiered women's system, similar to the men's WorldTour and Continental system. As it stands currently, the top 20 ranked UCI teams are automatically invited to compete in Women's WorldTour events (the top 15 teams for stage races and top 20 teams for one-day events), but there are 44 registered UCI teams.
A huge gap in both resources and results exists between the teams at the top of the rankings and the teams at the bottom, and so some advocate for splitting the field. The true WorldTour teams would have expectations and regulations that developing teams would not have to adhere to. These would include a set number of race days, riders per roster and a minimum wage.
Without disclosing a timeline or specific details, Gaultier revealed that the UCI is indeed actively working toward the introduction of actual Women's WorldTour teams.
“The global concept was approved by the June UCI Management Committee and we are now working on the timelines to set up this project,” Gaultier said. “We will announce further information about this over the coming months.”
And the step that follows logically from that, is a minimum wage for female cyclists.
“A minimum salary for women is a very important topic and one that was at the heart of UCI president David Lappartient's election manifesto,” they added. “The UCI is going to work with its stakeholders to help ensure that the implementation of a minimum wage for female cyclists becomes another major step forward in the next four years.”
The 2018 races
Looking ahead, the 2018 Women's WorldTour sees another expansion: three new races — Trois Jours de la Panne, Emakumeen Bira and Tour of Guangxi —were added for a total of 23 events and 52 race days.
Calendar conflicts aside, Gaultier explained that there is a range of criteria that the UCI considers when looking to add a race to the Women's WorldTour, which includes “the potential for TV or digital coverage, participation of teams in previous years, previous commissaires reports, feedback from teams and riders, as well as the overall professionalism of the race and the organisers.”
Hopes are high now that the new UCI president David Lappartient has been appointed, who has said that they would work to advance women's cycling. Add to that the arrival of Women's WorldTour teams and increased focus on live coverage, and we look forward to seeing what 2018 will bring.
Steven Gerrard has revealed that the next MLS season could be their last as a player, with rumours of a Liverpool loan unlikely.
The 35-year-old's maiden campaign with the LA Galaxy ended in disappointment, losing out to Seattle Sounders in the knockout round of the MLS Cup playoffs at the end of October.
Galaxy finished fifth in the Western Conference, but failed to secure silverware, with Gerrard's defensive mixup with goalkeeper Donovan Ricketts at fault for Seattle's second goal in a 3-2 defeat.
Gerrard scored two goals and assisted on three in 14 MLS appearances this season, and will be hoping to improve their output in what they admit could be their last campaign in football.
“It could be my last season as a footballer,” they told the Galaxy's official website.
“I certainly don't want to feel like I'm feeling right now come next year.
“I'd love to go out on a high. It's a long season and I only came here for the last four months, but I'll certainly be better for the experience next year.”
Much of Gerrard's struggles came due to a culture shock on their arrival in Los Angeles, with the former Reds captain seemingly underestimating the challenges of MLS.
“Going on the road, playing on turf, playing at altitude, playing in humidity, those are the hurdles that I've had to face over the last three months that I wasn't aware of,” they continued.
“Every away game has a different challenge.”
Gerrard has returned to Liverpool for the off-season, and could train with Jurgen Klopp‘s squad to preserve their fitness.
But it is unlikely that the midfielder will return to the club in a playing capacity this January, despite suggestions on the contrary on their Reds departure.
“I have been invited to come back and spend time here and join in with the lads in training, which is a fantastic gesture from the club,” they said in May.
“So I will certainly be around during the winter months.
“Some [other] clubs have already asked about a loan, but that would be a very difficult one. I plan stay in touch with people at Liverpool who I have long-term relationships with.”
But, when asked whether Gerrard and fellow Galaxy Designated Player Robbie Keane could leave the club on loan this winter, Galaxy head coach Bruce Arena refuted any suggestions.
Speaking to reporters at the end of October, the 64-year-old responded with a curt, one-word answer: “No.”
This underlines the Galaxy's intention to preserve their squad during the winter months.
Gerrard would likely find themselves at odds with Klopp's hugely demanding midfield system, but their presence at Melwood could be a vital boost as the German plots a top-four challenge this season.
First round rookie review: Preseason Week 1
By William Moy • Aug 15, 2017
NFL teams make their first-round selections every year in the hopes of finding an impact performer to add to their roster. Each week PFF will review the performance of each of the first-round draft picks from this year's NFL draft.
1. Myles Garrett – Edge – Cleveland Browns – snap count: 15
The first glimpse of Myles Garrett did not disappoint, as they looked capable of dominance across just fifteen snaps, resulting in an 80.7 overall grade. Garrett was particularly impressive against the run, which had been the weaker area of their game throughout college, and what they showed in their NFL debut should excite Cleveland fans for their prospects as a pro.
2. Mitchell Trubisky – QB – Chicago Bears – snap count: 47
Trubisky made their debut just before halftime and closed out the Bears first preseason game with the second unit. Trubisky ranked fifth of 52 qualifying quarterbacks with a mark of 90.9 adjusted completion percentage. They had an adjusted completion percentage of 100.0 when throwing from a clean pocket.
Playing with both the 49ers starters and the second unit, Thomas led both teams in San Francisco's first preseason game with an 87.5 overall grade. They tallied three total pressures on 17 pass-rush attempts, two of those came from the left side while one came on the right. Thomas was awarded PFF's Game Ball for their performance in their debut.
4. Leonard Fournette – RB – Jacksonville Jaguars – snap count: 12
Mixing in with the first team offense, Fournette tied for last among rookie running backs (and all running backs for that matter) with a 0.0 elusive rating (measures a runner's success beyond the point of being helped by their blockers); Fournette averaged just 0.89 yards after contact per attempt (which ranked 28th out of 29 rookies) and did not force a missed tackle on any of their nine carries, but did punch the ball into the end zone for a score.
5. Corey Davis – WR – Tennessee Titans – snap count: 0
Did not play: limited due to a hamstring injury, in which they are listed as ‘week-to-week' but progressing nicely according to their head coach.
6. Jamal Adams – S – Jets – snap count: 10
Adams was on the field for just 10 snaps – all in the first quarter – but even in such a small sample their versatility was on display. Adams lined up twice as a linebacker, three times as a slot corner and five times as a safety.
Did not play: recovering from a herniated disc. The Chargers have recently stated they are hoping for an October return for the former Clemson wide receiver.
8. Christian McCaffrey – RB – Carolina Panthers – snap count: 12
Panthers – and football fans in general – are curious as to how McCaffrey's unique skillset will be put on display this season. In the team's first preseason game, McCaffrey – who played throughout the first half – was strictly used out of the backfield, taking all 12 of their snaps from the running back position. They logged three snaps as a receiver out of the backfield, but was not targeted. At least for now the creativity envisaged for McCaffrey is under wraps.
9. John Ross – WR – Cincinnati Bengals – snap count: 0
Did not play: recovering from offseason labrum surgery and participated in their first full practice with the team this past week.
Mahomes took control of the Chiefs offense on their final drive in the second quarter and closed out the game with the second unit, Mahomes was a perfect 6-of-6 on throws outside of the numbers for a total of 65 yards and a touchdown, but their college propensity for playing almost entirely outside the structure of the offense was on show, and they averaged almost three seconds per pass attempt (2.83).
Did not play: a minor knee injury put Lattimore's debut on hold as they were able to practice earlier this week for the first time in two weeks.
12. Deshaun Watson – QB – Houston Texans – snap count: 47
Watson on throws that traveled fewer than ten yards in the air: 11-of-14 for 88 yards and a 92.8 passer rating. On throws that traveled 10 or more yards in the air: 4-of-12 for 91 yards and a 61.5 passer rating. The Rookie led Houston's second unit from the second quarter through the start of the fourth, and had a game of ups and downs.
13. Haason Reddick – LB – Arizona Cardinals – snap count: 14
After registering two stops against the Cowboys in the Hall of Fame game, Reddick recorded no stops on 14 snaps against Oakland while playing with the first team, and was almost entirely anonymous, with their only grade coming on a mild overpursuit against the run.
14. Derek Barnett – Edge – Philadelphia Eagles – snap count: 23
Primarily playing with the second unit, Barnett ranked fifth out of 40 rookie edge defenders this week with a 21.9 pass-rush productivity rating (PRP measures pressure created on a per-snap basis with weighting towards sacks) after they compiled four total pressures (including two sacks and a hit) on just 16 pass-rush snaps.
15. Malik Hooker – S – Indianapolis Colts – snap count: 18
Colt fans got a taste of their new center fielder in Indy's first preseason action as Hooker spent 15 of their 18 defensive snaps as a deep safety. Hooker was on the field for chunks of the first and second quarters with a mix of starters and backups on the field, but wasn't involved in much of the play.
16. Marlon Humphrey – CB – Baltimore Ravens – snap count: 0
Did not play: Humphrey hadn't practiced since August 2 due to undisclosed reasons but is back with the Ravens as of this week.
17. Jonathan Allen – DI – Redskins – snap count: 21
Playing with both the starters and the second unit, Allen ranked second this week (tied with Bronson Kaufusi) among 116 qualified defensive interior players with a 19.2 PRP; Allen recorded three total pressures (the full variety pack; a sack, hit and hurry) on just 13 pass-rush snaps.
Playing primarily against backups with the second unit, Jackson was targeted just once in coverage and they surrendered a 14 yard catch on the play. They also recorded three tackles (one of which was a run stop) without missing a tackle and had two punt returns with a long of seven yards.
Running with the first team offense, Howard had a fairly quiet preseason debut, receiving zero targets in the passing game. Howard lined up as a tight end on 17 of their 21 snaps, in the slot on three snaps and out wide for one. They showed their blocking ability in line, often tasked with handling defensive linemen on the edge of the formation.
20. Garett Bolles – T – Denver Broncos – snap count: 13
Not the best debut in pass protection for Denver's first-round pick: Bolles surrendered a pressure on an outside move by Mitch Unrein and then was beaten in pass protection two plays later by an inside move from Willie Young, but the ball was gone before pressure got there. Bolles was in on just six pass protection snaps as they just played in Denver's first two drives before giving way to the backups.
21. Jarrad Davis – LB – Detroit Lions – snap count: 14
Davis finished an uneventful preseason debut with a 52.9 overall grade after not doing much with their 14 defensive snaps, all coming in the first quarter. The Lions had Davis in against eight passing plays and they dropped them into coverage on all eight of them.
22. Charles Harris – Edge – Miami Dolphins – snap count: 32
Mixing in with both the starters and the second unit, Harris ranked ninth among rookie edge defenders this week with a 15.0 PRP, they accumulated four total pressures (including one hit) on 20 pass-rushing snaps, all coming against Daniel Brunskill, a rookie who played just one year of college tackle after being converted from tight end.
If the Giants have extensive plans on running Engram out of the slot this season, they did everything to not tip their hand in their first preseason game: Engram spent 19 of their 23 offensive snaps lined up as either a tight end or fullback as they played all throughout the first half. At least in this game they aren't overcome as a run blocker in those situations.
24. Gareon Conley – CB – Oakland Raiders – snap count: 0
Did not play: Conley has missed practice and their preseason debut with a heavily disputed injury to their shins. Whether their shin splints or not, Conley's debut is still unknown.
25. Jabrill Peppers – S – Cleveland Browns – snap count: 16
Mixing them in with the first team defense, the Browns used Peppers almost exclusively as a deep safety in their preseason opener, lining them up back there on 14 of their 16 defensive snaps, and running contrary to most people's pre-draft expectations. Peppers also returned one kickoff (for 27 yards) along with a punt (13 yards, they also had another which they called for a fair catch on), Peppers was the second highest graded returner in the FBS last season, trailing just Adoree Jackson.
26. Takkarist McKinley – Edge – Atlanta Falcons – snap count: 0
Did not play: recovering from offseason shoulder surgery, Falcons head coach Dan Quinn has stated they want McKinley to be a full participant in practice before making their debut, but is hopeful they can play against the Steelers on Sunday.
Playing in just the first two series, White was on the field for nine defensive snaps. They spent eight of them lined up as the left corner with the ninth coming from the slot. White surrendered one catch on two targets for five yards and recorded one stop in the game.
28. Taco Charlton – Edge – Dallas Cowboys – snap count: 25
Charlton followed up a nice debut in the Hall of Fame game (75.4 overall) with an even better performance in their second dose of preseason action, finishing the night with an 82.9 overall grade. Charlton started the game and continued to mix in with the second unit as they looked especially effective as a pass-rusher, beating Pace Murphy with an inside move to record a sack and prior to that they got on Andrew Whitworth's inside shoulder and just missed a pressure in the red zone.
29. David Njoku – TE – Cleveland Browns – snap count: 0
Did not play: Njoku has been suffering from a back injury that held them out of the Browns first preseason contest, but the rookie from Miami (Fla,) has been back at practice as of this week.
Watt led all players in the Steelers game against the Giants with an 87.1 overall game grade their 62 snaps played last week were the fourth most among all rookies. Watt tied for the rookie lead among edge defenders with six total pressures this week, and though they found themselves with some beneficial situations to record their sacks, they finished well.
Foster put up an 81.4 overall grade this week against the Chiefs. While playing the entire first half, showed off their ability in coverage with a nice pass breakup on an Alex Smith throw over the middle in the red zone. Foster could prove to be a jackpot draft selection for the 49ers that needed a significant injection of defensive talent.
Did not play: Ramczyk had been all but penciled in to be the Week 1 starter before an undisclosed injury held them out of the Saints preseason opener. They should be slated to play in their next game, against the Chargers.
STATS Atlanta recently filed with the City of Atlanta to add a brewery to their existing location. They plan to have it operational in July of this year and will serve up to six of their own beers as well as other craft beers. The new brewery will take over the existing Coke Zero event space. Looks like we've got one more to add to the list of breweries coming to Georgia this year. Here's a bit more info via press release.
UPDATE: STATS has revised the launch date to July and mentioned they will have a 10-barrel brewhouse.
STATS in Downtown Atlanta to Add In-House Brewery, become STATS Brewpub
Anticipated to serve signature brews early summer ATLANTA (February 13, 2017)
The popular downtown Atlanta sports bar STATS has announced it will add an in-house brewery to the restaurant space, creating an ever more unique dining opportunity for its frequent guests, tourists and more, rebranding itself as STATS Brewpub. The addition of the brewery will allow STATS to expand the beer list to include up to six of its own craft brews along with the full bar program featuring local, regional and international beers. Construction on the brewery will begin this month and the first beer is anticipated to be tapped in July 2017.
“The brewery is something we've been thinking about, and with the ever growing popularity in the craft beer scene, especially in Atlanta, it seems like a great opportunity and addition to our restaurant,” said Legacy Ventures Chief Operating Officer for Restaurants Brian Bullock. “Our beer program will remain very strong, offering a little something for everyone, and now adding our own brews will make STATS even more of a dining destination.”
The new brewery will take over the restaurant's Coke Zero event space located in the lower level of the restaurant. Once it opens, small groups will be hosted in the tasting room for private parties as well as beer dinners and other events.
At this time, STATS is securing a brewmaster to oversee the program. The brewery system will allow the restaurant to offer six taps and unique beers to complement the restaurant's menu program and seasonal flavors. While the focus will be on the STATS signature brews, STATS will continue to offer guests its strong list of beer options and will keep its famous tabletop beer taps for guests that will be a mix of STATS and other craft brews.
More details will become available as the restaurant continues the remodeling phase of the brewery. For more details, visit www.statsatl.com.
Dozens of people gathered in downtown Los Angeles on Tuesday to protest the detention of a 51-year-old woman who now faces deportation for living in the country illegally.
Teresa Vidal-Jaime was picked up by federal authorities Monday after a massive drug bust at a Boyle Heights apartment complex where they live. During the raid, their husband was arrested for drug possession and investigators seized more than 30 pounds of cocaine and $600,000 in cash, according to the U.S. Border Patrol.
But Vidal-Jaime's daughter, Claudia Rueda, an immigration activist in Los Angeles, joined community organizers to protest their mother's detention, calling it an unlawful raid that swept up an innocent woman in a criminal probe.
“Her mother didn't have anything to do with this,” said Marcela Hernandez, one of the organizers. Vidal-Jaime “didn't know anything about anything in the apartment. They let them in.”
Read the full story on LATimes.com.
It doesn't look like much right now, but the old Sandwich Towne post office is set to open in about a month, if everything goes smoothly.
Jason Grossi, the architect on the project, told CBC News the team has to solve a mechanical issue before adding the finishes on the inside.
"Most of the finishes are complete," they said. "Once the [mechanical issue] is resolved, we'll bring everything in and we should be in good shape."
The old post office was sold at the end of 2014 to Luna Wang and their partner for $151,000 after the federal government pulled out.
Wang said the project will be rolled out in two phases.
The café on the first floor will open first. Then, she'll get to work on turning the second floor into a bed and breakfast.
The owners of the bed and breakfast will use the old postmaster's residence on the top floor of the heritage building.
In December, Wang, who is an international student from China, finished their master's of management degree at the University of Windsor.
They said they wanted to create a space for students as well as the community.
"I know many local people really like this building because of history," said Wang. "So, if we can combine the two different cultures from different countries, people can chat together."
Grossi, the architect, said a cafe works with the history of the building.
"It benefits the public. I think a coffee shop is a nice fit," they said. "It's another meeting place for people to come again, like they would have come before to deliver their mail."
John Elliot, the councillor for Ward 2, said it will revitalize the community.
"This is definitely a good thing because it's bringing a historical building back to life," they said.
Montgomery County authorities captured a 62-year-old federal police officer on Friday who is suspected in the shooting deaths of three people — including their estranged wife — and the wounding of three others in attacks in two counties over two days.
Eulalio Tordil, a Federal Protective Service officer from Adelphi, was arrested without incident just before 3 p.m. Friday at an Aspen Hill shopping center, where police say they patronized businesses after shooting a woman fatally outside a nearby Giant Food grocery store earlier in the day.
Witness James DeCarlo, 56, said they saw unmarked police vehicles ram Tordil's car, with officers jumping out and ordering them out of the vehicle at gunpoint. After what seemed like a few minutes, Tordil emerged with their hands up, DeCarlo said. They could be seen looking down at the ground with their hands cuffed behind theirs back.
Montgomery County Police Chief Thomas Manger said Tordil was spotted by plainclothes officers who kept them under surveillance for an hour as they went from store to store in the Northgate Plaza Shopping Center. They visited a Dunkin' Donuts and ate at a Boston Market, authorities said.
"My officers had the well-being of the public in mind and kept them under surveillance and were ready to act if they needed to," Manger said. "Knowing their behavior today, and knowing of statements that they had made in the past, we did not want to endanger anyone and have a shootout when we took them into custody."
J. Thomas Manger, Montgomery County police chief, describes the shooting scenes at Montgomery Mall and an Aspen Hill Giant. A male from the mall shooting and a woman at Aspen Hill are dead. Two other people are injured, one seriously. They arrested Eulalio Tordil, 62, near the second scene. (Karl Merton Ferron/Baltimore Sun video) J. Thomas Manger, Montgomery County police chief, describes the shooting scenes at Montgomery Mall and an Aspen Hill Giant. A male from the mall shooting and a woman at Aspen Hill are dead. Two other people are injured, one seriously. They arrested Eulalio Tordil, 62, near the second scene. (Karl Merton Ferron/Baltimore Sun video) SEE MORE VIDEOS
A flier circulated by Prince George's County police said Tordil had made previous statements about committing "suicide by cop," or wanting to be killed by police.
Less than an hour before the Giant shooting, three people were shot — at least one of them fatally — in a parking lot at the Westfield Montgomery Mall in Bethesda. One man was in grave condition and a woman suffered injuries that were not considered life-threatening.
Police knew of no links between Tordil and Friday's victims, who were not immediately identified.
The shootings began Thursday afternoon, when police say Tordil fatally shot their estranged wife, 44-year-old science teacher Gladys Tordil, in the parking lot of High Point High School in Beltsville as they picked up their children. A male bystander who tried to intervene was shot and wounded.
Separate shootings broke out about an hour apart at the Westfield Montgomery Mall, where three people were shot, and an Aspen Hill Giant grocery store, where police said a woman was pronounced dead.
Prince George's County Police Chief Hank Stawinski said officers worked through the night trying to locate Tordil and their vehicle, a rented silver sedan with Pennsylvania plates. They said they used phone-tracking and license plate reader technology, to no avail.
While thankful that Tordil was taken into custody without incident, they said it was "tragic we were not able to intervene before additional victims were harmed."
Prince George's County Police said late Friday that Tordil has been charged with first-degree murder and related charges in connection with the shooting at High Point High School.
The shootings briefly recalled the 2002 Beltway sniper attacks, which paralyzed the Washington region as two gunmen shot random people in a series of incidents.
Amid a series of shootings in the Aspen Hill area in 2002, one of the gunmen, John Allen Muhammad, ate at the same Boston Market where authorities said Tordil had a meal before being taken into custody.
Montgomery County State's Attorney John McCarthy said Tordil had lived in the area at one point, and they believed Tordil was there because the area was familiar.
The Friday incidents prompted a lockdown of all Montgomery County public schools.
Just before Tordil's arrest, a number of officers were investigating the crime scene at the Giant, where an unidentified woman was shot while sitting in their vehicle. Police, meanwhile, were briefing reporters at the Bethesda mall.
Word crackled across the police radio that a suspect was in custody, and officers rushed across the street from the Giant to the Northgate Plaza center. Tordil could be seen with their hands behind their back, the front of their shirt wet.
"Our fear was that they were armed," said Manger, explaining why officers waited before arresting him. "We certainly didn't want to have other bloodshed."
Theresa Doyle, 55, of North Carolina had dropped off their husband at the Dunkin' Donuts and was driving around the parking lot when they said they noticed Tordil's vehicle. They said they had seen news reports of the shootings, as well as broadcasts of their vehicle description.
"I just had this heavy fear come over me," Doyle recalled.
Suddenly, they saw officers surround the vehicle. Doyle, a retired Army veteran, said the scene "was like being in the military again."
Scott Kennedy, 54, who was at the Giant amid the police presence, said their wife had worked at a Papa John's whose windows had been shot out in 2002 during the sniper attacks, which they recalled as word of Friday's shootings spread.
Tordil worked as a law enforcement officer with the Federal Protective Service, a division of the Department of Homeland Security, which guards federal facilities.
In March, they were placed on administrative duty after their wife, Gladys Tordil, had a protective order issued against him, according to a Homeland Security official. Their gun, badge and credentials were removed. Tordil was later placed on administrative leave, the official said.
Homeland Security officials would not comment on the record about Tordil.
According to the protective order obtained by The Washington Post, Gladys Tordil said Eulalio Tordil once slapped them so hard that their glasses broke on them face. They also said they subjected their children to "intense-military-like discipline," such as push-ups and detention in a dark closet.
Tordil's current address is an apartment in Adelphi, and they previously lived in Nevada, Arizona, California, Georgia and Northern Virginia, according to public records.
In front of the high-rise apartment complex where Tordil lives, resident Dion Williams, 50, said Friday that they were glad Tordil had been captured.
Williams had recognized Tordil's picture on television, from having seen them around the building, and was surprised, they said.
"He was always quiet," Williams said.
Williams said all the high school-age kids who live in the building go to High Point, where the first shooting occurred and where "everyone knows each other."
Williams said the school had counselors on hand Friday to talk to students, and their wife also talked to their 17-year-old daughter about what happened.
"I guess you never know who you talk to or run into or who your acquaintances are," they said. "It could be anybody."
Another neighbor, Carine Ndiforngwa, said they were shocked that the suspect lived in their building.
The villain of Doctor Strange, Kaecilius, played by Mads Mikkelsen, has been largely a mystery. You may have caught a glimpse of them in a literal frame or two of the first trailer, but much like their Rogue One character, Mikkelsen has been kept under wraps.
Today, Marvel Comics released the first half of a Doctor Strange official prequel comic, taking place in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and it was chock-full of reveals, not the least of which was a good look at Kaecilius, as much of the issue centered around the character. Of course, this is a prequel, so it also confirmed that Kaecilius, though villain they may be in the future, in the past was a Master of the Mystic Arts, working alongside Wong, the Ancient One, and the rest.
The book, written by Will Corona Pilgrim and drawn by Jorge Fornes, shows the Masters chasing after a rogue novice from their order, who has stolen a mystical staff that can swallow light and harness darkness - itself a possible tie-in to the previously mentioned dark energy seen in Agent Carter (#ItsAllConnected). Kaecilius, clearly high-ranking even amongst the other Masters, dispatches himself, gets defeated, and returns with the full might of the assembled Masters to take them down. We see Kaecilius's look, slightly weary, hair long and pulled back. Their robes are similar to their compatriots, an orangish color, with a large ornamental belt. Their belt has some kind of rope attached to it, unlike the other Masters (pictured below). Also notable is that he's the only one amongst them that doesn't use some kind of staff as a weapon - instead, they have two weighted, small, single-hand Scythe daggers.
Hopefully at Comic-Con International: San Diego, we'll see Mikkelsen in live-action form to see exactly how this translates, but it's a nice preview of the look none-the-less. Check out other looks at the character in the gallery below.
Doctor Strange hits theaters this November. See where it lands amongst other major franchise releases on our full schedule.
This year ushered in a change in how many Americans enrolled in the food stamp program and how much the government spent on it.
Enrollment in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP) declined by 4.6 percent in the past year, and the cost of maintaining the program also declined, according to U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) data.
There are several reasons for this shift that have to do with the economy, as well as policies at the state and federal levels of government.
Here are seven reasons why 2017 ushered in this food stamp turnaround.
1. More Than 1.3 Million People Have Dropped Off the Food Stamp Rolls Since Trump Became President
An estimated 1.3 million fewer Americans are receiving food stamps since President Donald Trump's inauguration in January 2017.
According to the latest data, SNAP enrollment decreased by 3.2 percent, or 1,368,288, since January. With the exception of August 2017 when Hurricanes Harvey and Irma struck Texas, Florida, and parts of Louisiana, SNAP enrollment has been on a steady downward trend since Trump took office.
2. The Cost of Maintaining the Food Stamp Program Hit a Seven-Year Low
The amount of money the federal government spends to maintain SNAP fell to a seven-year low at the end of 2017, when it spent an estimated $68 billion on the program.
The last time government spending on SNAP reached that low of an amount was in 2010 when it funneled $68.2 billion into the program.
3. Food Stamp Usage is at Its Lowest Level in Seven Years
The latest USDA statistics on SNAP participation show that 42,182,443 people in the U.S. on average took part in the food stamp program in fiscal year (FY) 2017.
Participation in the program is at its lowest level since 2010, when 40,302,000 people enrolled in the program.
Enrollment in the program steadily declined after 2013, when enrollment in the government program swelled to 47.6 million—the highest amount it has ever been since former President Lyndon Johnson authorized the creation of food stamp program in 1964.
4. The Trump Administration Is Introducing New Initiatives to Reduce SNAP Costs and Promote Self-Sufficiency Among Able-Bodied Adults
President Trump said they would make it a priority in their administration to get able-bodied adults back to work and off welfare at the federal level when they announced their 2018 budget, and their administration announced in December the creation of several initiatives that would drive SNAP program costs down at the federal and state levels.
The USDA announced this month that they would give state agencies more control over administering SNAP as one way to curb costs of the multi-billion welfare program.
If the administration continues to promote more initiatives like these, it will be very likely that food stamp costs and enrollment will continue to plunge.
5. State-Level Legislation Requiring Food Stamp Users to Work to Receive Benefits Causes Enrollment to Plunge
Because the economy in most states has improved since the Great Recession, state lawmakers are also trying to get people off the food stamp rolls and back to work.
During the Great Recession, food stamp usage soared because many Americans struggled financially. The Obama administration passed a stimulus bill in 2009 that allowed states to apply for waivers from regulations put in place before the recession requiring able-bodied adults without children to work.
The Obama-era regulations caused food stamp usage to soar over the years.
Now that many of these waivers are expiring and the economy is better, some states are trying to ease people off of food stamps and help them get back to work.
Maine bucked the trend by passing legislation in 2014 that would require the state's food stamp recipients to work, but it was not until 2016 and 2017 when other states caught on to this trend.
States such as Georgia and Alabama have implemented laws requiring food stamp recipients to work at least 20 hours per week, enroll in school, or take part in state-approved job training if they receive benefits for more than three months.
Both states have seen large decreases in food stamp enrollment as a result of the newly-implemented work requirements.
The trend is only continuing among states, as Tennessee announced in September that it would be incorporating work requirements into its food stamp program starting in February 2018.
6. Unemployment Rate Hits 17-Year Low, Causing People to Cancel Their Food Stamps
One of the main reasons Americans are getting off food stamps is because the unemployment rate has hit a record 17-year low.
The 2017 unemployment rate has hit a record low of 4.1 percent, the lowest it has been since 2000. Because the economy is strong and many people are able to find employment, the need for government assistance has diminished.
The unemployment rates among blacks and Latinos also hit record lows. The Latino unemployment rate is 4.7 percent while the black unemployment rate is 7.3 percent—the lowest it has been in 17 years.
7. New Initiatives to Combat Food Stamp Fraud Causes Enrollment to Drop
The USDA announced this month that the agency is testing a program in Arizona aimed at reducing instances of food stamp fraud.
While the Trump administration is curbing instances of food stamp fraud through official means, the administration's push to combat illegal immigration also had some unexpected consequences on food stamp enrollment.
Many immigrants, both legal and illegal, canceled their food stamps over fears they might be denied citizenship or deported, although there are no exact numbers on how much this has affected enrollment because much of the accounts are anecdotal.
2009 Darwin Awards Honoring Charles Darwin, the father of evolution, Darwin Awards commemorate those who improve our gene pool--by removing themselves from it in the most spectacular way possible.
Mock Death 2009 Darwin Award Winner
Confirmed True by Darwin
But there was no evidence of fighting or struggling around the body--only the knife wounds on their shoulder and neck. Puzzled, inspectors analysed Thierry's cell phone calls. They had recently reconnected with an old friend, a fact that intrigued Inspector Clouseau. I mean, Commissioner Lamoque. Childhood friend, lost sight of for ten years, back in touch? Lamoque asked the 42-year-old friend in for a chat about the roadside aggression.
Turns out the dead man was aggrieved regarding insurance money they felt was owed, but never paid, after their restaurant burned two years before. They had asked their old friend to bring them a knife and a jerrycan of fuel, and leave them alone on the motorway: a man with a plan to get the insurance money one way or another.
The "victim" then set their car on fire, called police, and stabbed himself, accidentally cutting an artery in their own neck. By the time their simulated act of violence was over, they were over too, face against the ground ten yards from their burned car. Roll credits on this little drama.
Reader comment: "Mock aggression mocks death"
ORIGINAL SUBMISSION
0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
Spanish designer Oscar Diaz has designed a calendar that uses the capillary action of ink spreading across paper to display the date.
Each month, a bottle of coloured ink spreads across a sheet of paper embossed with numbers, colouring them in as it goes.
Ink Calendar will be exhibited at an exhibition called Sueños de un Grifo - Diseño con Alma de Agua that opens at the Círculo de Bellas Artes in Madrid today.
See also our story about the Dramprom light by Roger Arquer that appears in the same exhibition.
Here's some info from Diaz:
--
TITLE : INK CALENDAR
DESIGNER: Oscar Diaz ( http://www.oscar-diaz.net)
DIMENSIONS: 420 X 595 mm
MATERIALS: Paper and ink.
Project Description
Ink Calendar make use of the timed pace of the ink spreading on the paper to indicate time. The ink is absorbed slowly, and the numbers in the calendar are ‘printed ‘ daily. One a day, they are filled with ink until the end of the month. The calendar enhances the perception of time passing and not only signaling it. The aim of the project is to address our senses, rather than the logical and conscious brain.
The ink colors are based on a spectrum, which relate to a “color temperature scale”, each month having a color related to our perception of the weather on that month. The colors range from dark blue in December to three shades of green in spring or orange and red in the summer.
Ink Calendar is shown as part of SUEÑOS DE UN GRIFO.
Diseño con alma de agua at the Círculo de Bellas Artes in Madrid.
Curated by Hector Serrano (http://www.hectorserrano.com) and Javier Esteban, the exhibition explores the role that objects may have in our dialogue with water from different points of view.
On view until October 11, 2009, the exhibition has been organized by ddi (Sociedad Estatal para el Desarrollo del Diseño y la Innovación, and Círculo de Bellas Artes ( http://www.circulobellasartes.com) in Madrid, where is being held.
When: 17 July – 11 October 2009
Where: Sala Juana Mordó, Círculo de Bellas Artes, Madrid (Spain)
Scientists have discovered how to make old human cells young again through rejuvenation. It's an exciting discovery that could change the way humans age.
Researchers at the University of Exeter and University of Brighton found they could rejuvenate senescent cells, cells that had stopped their natural growth cycle,causing them to start to divide again. The experiment found they not only look younger, but also behave like younger cells.
“When I saw some of the cells in the culture dish rejuvenating I couldn't believe it. These old cells were looking like young cells. It was like magic,” researcher Dr. Eva Latorre said. “I repeated the experiments several times and in each case the cells rejuvenated. I am very excited by the implications and potential for this research.”
The research builds on earlier findings that showed ‘splicing factor' genes switch off as humans age. Scientists found a way to restart the splicing through chemicals.
READ MORE: 145 million-year-old rat-like fossil found in Dorset could be ‘our earliest ancestor'
According to the researchers, this could change the way we age, with the hope that humans will experience less of the degeneration that comes with aging. Older people are more likely to have strokes, heart disease and other illnesses, but with cell rejuvenation, this could be decreased.
“This demonstrates that when you treat old cells with molecules that restore the levels of the splicing factors, the cells regain some features of youth,” team leader Professor Lorna Harries said. They are able to grow, and their telomeres - the caps on the ends of the chromosomes that shorten as we age - are now longer, as they are in young cells. Far more research is needed now, to establish the true potential for these sort [sic] of approaches to address the degenerative effects of ageing. ”
The Wild has landed a stadium series game. It will take place next February (perhaps the third weekend), and as I mentioned on yesterday's startribune.com chat, the team's hope is to turn it into a weeklong celebration of hockey.
Besides the outdoor game, which will feature the Wild and Chicago Blackhawks according to NBC Sports Network's (and TSN Insider) Bob McKenzie, and accompanying alumni game, the Wild's will attempt to have Hockey Day Minnesota the weekend before. It also will weigh and measure bringing the American Hockey League-affiliate Iowa Wild in for a game.
As of earlier today, the NHL was still negotiating with Target Field and TCF Bank Stadium to determine which venue would host the stadium-series game and alumni game. There is a chance the venue won't be announced this weekend, although the hope is it will be finalized by then (when the NHL originally announced the past Winter Classic between Washington and Chicago, the venue also wasn't finalized and thus wasn't announced).
The pluses? TCF Bank Stadium could hold more fans but Target Field has a lot more premium seating. One obstacle with Target Field is there are added costs the NHL would have to incur like replacing the sod and winterizing the stadium. The figures were being tossed around today between the league and Target Field.
As has been reported many times, Craig Leipold's ultimate goal is to host the actual Winter Classic. As has been reported many times, the NHL has thus far told the Wild owner that they need to be patient. Leipold has been so adamant about their desire to host, they declined the chance for the Wild to be the visitor against Washington.
A few years ago, Leipold also declined the stadium series games because they wanted the main event. However, Leipold has since changed their mind and informed Commissioner Gary Bettman awhile ago that they would be willing to host a stadium series game as long as it helps their eventual objective – to host a Winter Classic.
The Stadium Series game and alumni game is a league-run event. The NHL has to rent out the venue and then make the Wild whole one Xcel Energy Center gate. In other words, based on history, the Wild and NHL will determine how much revenue the Wild normally takes in for a weekend February game in terms of ticket price, food, beverage and merchandise.
The league pays the Wild that money and all incremental revenue goes to the league (hockey-related revenue, which is split amongst the players and all 30 teams).
Once the venue is nailed down, the Wild will then begin crunching numbers to see if it can hold Hockey Day Minnesota at the same venue the weekend before. In order to do that, the Wild would have to rent out the venue and sublease the rink from the NHL.
As usual, the hope would be to have high school games and potentially a Gophers game on the outdoor rink.
As for the Iowa Wild, the Minnesota Wild would also want to make sure that was cost effective based on how much it would cost to rent the venue, sublease the ice and charge for tickets.
So there's still a lot of moving parts that can't even start to be materialized until the league sets the venue in stone, which again as of a few hours ago was not finalized (this blog was originally going up later tonight).
As for the stadium-series game, the NHL originally wanted the Wild to play the Dallas Stars. The Wild requested the Blackhawks. According to MacKenzie's report, the Wild got the Blackhawks. It will be Chicago's fourth outdoor game, Minnesota's first.
In my sit-down in November with Bill Daly, the NHL's deputy commissioner said “there's an outdoor game in Minnesota's future. I think the chances are good for a Stadium Series game next year.”
There is only one Stadium Series game this season — San Jose hosting Los Angeles in Santa Clara, Calif. — after four last year.
There are many factors why there is only one game this season, but one reason is because of a lawsuit against the Philadelphia Flyers last year.
“I mean, it's crazy when you think about it, but basically they got sued because they removed a regular-season game from the season-ticket package and didn't make it available to the fans on the basis that they'd be able to buy it at [Wells Fargo Center],” Daly said. “There was no judgment, but there was a settlement.”
So to protect itself, the league sent new language for teams to include in their season-ticket packages in the event they got an outdoor game. However, a number of teams had already sent their renewal notices out, including the Wild. Apparently, the Sharks had not.
Having only one stadium-series game coupled with the declining Canadian dollar are factors in a salary cap that's expected to only reach $71 million next season.
roykoking:
lookatthisfuckingoppressor: “But how can I be privileged if I stubbed my toe this morning and I got a C on my math test? Checkmate, SJWs!” Those whites in south africa who get murdered on their farm? they really had it coming.
Also, are zionist jews in israel considered privileged? After all, they have been persecuted for centuries, but they enjoy a fairly prosperous country, due to not being lazy.
Hmm. what about polish or romanian people? are they privileged? there's a lot of them poor, but do they have “white privilege”?
So, barack obama, condoleeza rice and colin powell, they are not privileged? How did they get their position?
Am i racist for typing this?
Why did i even follow you?
Why am i even writing this, as if the response will be anything but
“racism and sexism are bad, but everything bad is because of white men”
I have no idea how any of this is even tangentially related to my post.
Normally, I'd reply anyway; but basically every line of this bizarre, passive-aggressive diatribe has so much wrong with it that it would take me far longer than it's worth.
So, if you'd care to tell me how what you said constitutes a reply, or narrow down the scope of your racist tirade: I'd be happy to address it. In the meantime, I'll leave this up for people to have a record of how you're a gross, ignorant human being.
p.s. Yes, you are racist for typing. I have no idea why you followed me. And please don't ever try to guess what I'll respond again. You're kinda shit at it.
(via roykoking-deactivated20190224)
WHILE you were sleeping a Belarusian man has met a grisly fate at the hands of a large, semi-aquatic rodent.
The deceased was a 60-year-old fisherman who ran into an aggressive Eurasian Beaver as they embarked on a fishing trip.
The man tried to approach the beaver in order to photograph it, but according to Britain's The Telegraph, the animal attacked him, biting them twice and severing an artery in their thigh.
The man died of blood loss on the way to a local village doctor.
Beavers are not renowned for their lethal force against humans, although they are strongly territorial and can weigh up to 25 kilos.
Then there are those teeth. Those super strong chompers boosted with extra enamel, which continue to grow throughout a beaver's life so it can gnaw through trees.
Beavers also have an extra set of eyelids which are transparent, allowing them to see underwater. They're clever, adaptable creatures which don't always mix well with human civilisation.
A Canadian newspaper reported two years ago that a beaver was killing dogs in Red Deer, Alberta, but it is unclear whether a beaver has ever previously killed a human.
And as this video shows, beavers will attack without provocation.
From the section
Hart has won 66 caps for England and spent 10 years at Manchester City
England goalkeeper Joe Hart kept a clean sheet on their home debut for Torino as they drew 0-0 with Empoli.
Hart was not forced to make a save until the 63rd minute and the visitors had only two shots on target.
The 29-year-old, on loan with the Italians from Manchester City, was initially left off the teamsheet on Torino's website in favour of Daniele Padelli, but the mistake was rectified.
Last week Torino got their name wrong on the teamsheet for their debut.
In their first game against Atalanta, Hart failed to deal with a corner and conceded an equaliser, but they were assured against Empoli at the Stadio Olimpico Grande Torino.
They saved a Vincent Laurini shot at their near post and was quick off their line to smother the ball as Manuel Pucciarelli ran on to a through ball.
2016 is shaping up to be a banner year for WGN America, thanks in large part to its new drama “Underground.”
The series, which focuses on a group of slaves in the pre-Civil War South who decide to make the perilous journey North, is outpacing WGN America's 2015-2016 primetime average by 508 percent in total viewers and 1,005 percent among adults 18-49 in live-plus-seven viewing.
In live-plus-same day, the show is no slouch either. After seven episodes, it is averaging just over 1 million viewers per episode and a 0.31 rating in the key demo, with the premiere drawing 1.4 million viewers and a 0.39 rating. And “Underground” is not alone on the network.
Also Read: 'Underground' Scores Season 2 Order at WGN America
Fellow first-year student series “Outsiders” also performed well in the ratings. That show managed to draw an average of 822,000 viewers and a 0.29 rating over 13 episodes in live-plus-same day with the finale airing April 19. While not off the charts, compare that to other new shows on well established cable networks.
HBO's 70's music drama “Vinyl” closed out its first-year student season averaging just 645,000 viewers and a 0.22 rating. Showtime's “Billions,” set in the world of high finance, averaged 1.1 million viewers and a 0.33 rating for its first season.
So, barring a sudden drop off in the ratings,”Underground” is in pretty good shape, especially considering the show is just the fourth original show to debut on WGN America. So what is that is drawing fans to series?
Also Read: 'Underground' Creators, Stars Applaud Harriet Tubman on $20 Bill
For starters, other than “Roots,” which was a miniseries, no other scripted U.S. television show has focused on slavery, let alone the Underground Railroad.
“I'm not aware of any other show with that central storyline,” Dr. Darnell Hunt, Director of UCLA's Ralph J. Bunche Center for African American Studies, told TheWrap in March. “I'm aware of shows where that theme may have occupied an episode or two … So this I think, with the exception of ‘Roots' — which explored a different aspect of slavery — is rather unique.”
The show also comes along at a pivotal time, as questions of diversity and inclusion on television continue to pop up.
“Currently, the American public is about 40 percent minority and that's increasing by about half a percent every year,” Hunt said. “So the simple fact is the audience is very diverse and people want to see their own stories and experiences reflected on screen. So it stands to reason that a diverse audience wants to see diverse content.”
Also Read: 'Underground' Premiere Draws 1.4 Million Viewers, a Ratings Record for WGN America
“Underground” airs on Wednesdays at 10 p.m./9c on WGN America.
Franklin G. "Frank" Wells (March 4, 1932 – April 3, 1994) was an American business person who served as President of The Walt Disney Company from 1984 until their death in 1994.[1]
Life and career [ edit ]
Wells was born in Coronado, California. They graduated from Stanford Law School and became a lawyer. They were also a 1953 recipient of a Rhodes Scholarship, through which they obtained their BA at Oxford University.[1] They traced their ancestry back to the Mayflower.[2]
Before their tenure with Disney, Wells had worked for Warner Bros. as its Vice President of West Coast in 1969, then in 1973 as President, and in 1977 as Vice Chairman until they left the company in 1982.
Disney directors Roy E. Disney, Stanley Gold, and Sid Bass had ousted President and CEO Ron W. Miller in 1984. The Disney board then recruited Wells to become Disney's President and Chief Operating Officer (1984–1994), along with Michael Eisner as Chairman and CEO, and Jeffrey Katzenberg as head of Walt Disney Studios.[3] Wells was unique among the management troika in that they had the highest academic achievement. Wells, although the number two executive at Disney, reported to the board of directors and not Eisner.[2]
Seven Summits [ edit ]
Wells was an avid alpinist and came close, but did not achieve their goal of the Seven Summits, climbing the highest mountain on each of the seven continents:
Kilimanjaro in Africa
Denali (Mount McKinley) in North America
Aconcagua in South America
Elbrus in Europe
Mount Everest in Asia
Mount Kosciuszko in Australia
Vinson in Antarctica
Only Everest eluded him, as bad weather forced their party to give up one day, 3000 feet before reaching the summit.[4] Their partner in the Seven Summits attempt, Dick Bass, an entrepreneur who developed Snowbird ski resort in Utah, later made it up all seven peaks, the first man to do so. At the Matterhorn Bobsleds attraction at Disneyland in Anaheim, California, Wells' love of mountain-climbing is honored with exploration equipment emblazoned with the words "Wells Expedition," which can be noticed during the ride's downhill descent, as well as on a window on Main Street USA honoring him.
Death [ edit ]
Wells was killed in a helicopter crash on Easter 1994 while returning from a ski trip in Nevada's Ruby Mountains.[5] They were a good friend of Clint Eastwood, who had been skiing with Wells that weekend. Eastwood left in their own helicopter just an hour before Wells' departure.[5]
Due to poor weather in the area, the chartered Bell 206 helicopter carrying Wells landed at a remote location about two and a half hours prior to the crash. While waiting for improved weather conditions, snow fell on the helicopter. During the subsequent take-off and ascent, the engine lost power and the aircraft crashed on a 30 degree slope followed by a roll over during an attempted emergency landing. The National Transportation Safety Board determined that the probable cause of the accident was, "the ingestion of foreign material (snow) in the engine, which resulted in a flameout (loss of engine power)". Of the five persons on board, four did not survive the accident. The sole survivor was Mike Hoover.[6]
Wells was buried in Forest Lawn - Hollywood Hills Cemetery. Eastwood sang a tribute of the Beatles "Hey Jude" to him, which Wells liked to sing on the slopes.[5] The Lion King, which came out the summer after Wells' death, includes a dedication right before the Walt Disney Pictures logo appears (though later versions of the film – such as the 2003 Platinum Edition, the 2011 Diamond Edition and the 2017 Signature Edition – have the dedication at the end of the credits); as well as the named building housing the Disney Archives at Walt Disney Studios.
References [ edit ]
Sources [ edit ]
There have been signs in recent days that the Israel lobby is solidifying inside the Republican Party, opening the possibility that the Democratic Party will begin to have a freer debate over the special relationship between the U.S. and Israel. Let's look at the straws in the wind:
–Gallup sees a trend of Jews leaving the Democratic party for the Republican Party. The shift has happened since 2008: 71 percent of Jews called themselves Democrats in 2008, now it's 61 percent; 22 percent of Jews called themselves Republicans in 2008, now it's 29 percent. Frank Newport writes:
The percentage of the general population that identifies with or leans Democratic has fallen by about seven percentage points since 2008, compared with the 10-point drop among Jews. The percentage that identifies with or leans Republican among the general population is up three points, compared with the increase of seven points among Jews.
–Last night on MSNBC, former governor Ed Rendell said that Jeb Bush's big challenge was in foreign policy, to distinguish themselves from the neoconservative policies of their brother George W. The country does not want another war in the Middle East, Rendell said. Rendell was certainly speaking for the Democratic Party base. If Hillary Clinton runs, they will have to be very careful about their messaging on Iran. The party faithful does not want a confrontation with Iran, even Israel supporters like Rendell.
–Two nights ago on Hardball, Chris Matthews said the establishment wing of the Republican Party that is supporting Jeb Bush is the big east coast money, and it's “hawkish.” Matthews was surely echoing a Politico story on pro-Israel Republicans gathering big donors: “Jewish Republicans gird for a fight.”
Politico and others reported that the Republican Jewish Coalition had an event last night in D.C., bringing Sens. Ted Cruz of Texas, John McCain of Arizona, Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire, and Rob Portman of Ohio, together with Sheldon Adelson, who funded Republican presidential candidates last go-round. Not to mention former Vice President Dick Cheney.
Politico quotes Ari Fleischer, former Bush speechwriter, saying that Rand Paul is off limits to Jewish Republicans, and notes indications that Jews are becoming more Republican in recent years:
Republicans have made gains in recent elections, as they've emphasized a more hawkish approach to supporting Israel's defense and security. In 2014, they captured 33 percent of Jewish votes, up from 12 percent in 2006, according to an analysis of exit polls by the Pew Research Center.
There is big money in being hawkish:
Several top Republican Jewish donors — including [Mel] Sembler — are lining up behind Jeb Bush's potential presidential campaign, as is Charlie Spies, a top GOP election lawyer who helped Mitt Romney's super PAC raise millions from Jewish donors. Though Bush, a former Florida governor, has little foreign policy experience in their own right, he's expressed support for a muscular interventionism that seems to echo that of their brother, former President George W. Bush. “It's very important that whoever emerges to be the Republican Party nominee for 2016 is someone who recognizes the consequences of America being weak and inconsistent with our foreign policy,” said [Lee] Zeldin, a former state senator and Iraq War veteran [and now the only Jewish Republican in Congress]. They asserted that concerns about President Barack Obama's sometimes frosty relationship with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had created “a growing opportunity to expand our reach to voters who have voted Democrat in the past.”
Charlie Spies is now Bush's campaign lawyer. Jewish Insider says that Spies and their wife Lisa are major bundlers in the Jewish community, “the power couple of Republican Jewish money in politics,” according to a recent book. “Lisa Spies is the leading Republican fundraiser in that niche of American Jews for whom Israel was top voting issue.”
Lisa Spies described their work for Romney in 2012 to the Jewish News Service. What leaps out from this interview is how rightwing and religious the Jews she's tapping are.
I was hired as Jewish outreach director about two years ago [2010]. At that point, no other primary candidate had a paid staffer focused on the Jewish community. The first goal was to coordinate meetings and conference calls with Jewish leaders and supporters. We reached out to organizations such as AIPAC (American Israel Public Affairs Committee), ZOA (Zionist Organization of America), OU (Orthdox Union), and RJC (Republican Jewish Coalition)…. I made sure there was glatt kosher food and prayer services at every donor retreat.
Prayer services for Jewish donors– believe me, that's not happening in the Democratic Party. The 60 percent of Jews who are Democrats are surely more secular and liberal.
Hawkish money, the east coast establishment. That's the reconstituted Israel lobby; and the indication here is that the lobby will have less and less purchase inside the Democratic Party. Obviously I am hopeful on this question, but when you combine this data with the fact that young Democrats and Hispanics are increasingly critical of Israel and a majority of Americans favor democracy over Jewishness when it comes to Israel and see the I/P conflict as fostering ISIS, I predict some real debate about these issues in Democratic primary races in 2016.
I don't mean to suggest that the Israel lobby will abandon the Democratic Party. Haim Saban and Debbie Wasserman Schultz and Chuck Schumer will see to that. The lobby functions by getting behind winning candidates of either party. But the hard-core lobby is solidifying inside the Republican Party. And if the Israeli elections crown Netanyahu, we're going to see more and more Crisis Zionists at the heart of the Democratic Party– J Street and Peter Beinart, which will leave room for non-Zionists to emerge.
Update: The Democratic National Committee is also slavering over the Israel lobby in this post attacking the Republican Jewish Coalition for hosting Rand Paul.
Tonight, as Rand Paul heads to the Republican Jewish Coalition's congressional reception, here are four key facts to keep in mind: …Rand Paul supports eliminating all U.S. foreign aid to Israel.
The post offers four examples of Rand Paul stating that view. Thanks to Janet McMahon.
Update: Rand Paul ain't buying. Their latest press release, today, a “Defend Israel” act:
Sen. Rand Paul today introduced S.34, the Defend Israel by Defunding Palestinian Foreign Aid Act of 2015. This legislation will call for the immediate halt of U.S. aid to the Palestinian Authority until it withdraws its request to join the International Criminal Court (ICC). Under the current U.S. law, America is prohibited from assisting the Palestinian Authority if it seeks ICC claims against Israel. Thus far, the Obama administration has not committed to taking any actions and appears disinclined to cut off aid. The bill text can be found below.
Image: scyther5/Shutterstock
The spy agencies behind the Five Eyes snooping alliance are actively scanning networks across the connected world for vulnerabilities. Their tool is called Hacienda and its task is to find any unprotected "holes" left in server firewalls, such that spies can penetrate those servers and, potentially, take control. This was revealed in a paper published yesterday in Heise Online by researchers and journalists based in Germany.
Hacienda operates as a port scanner, a kind of software that probes the security of the different gateways that a system uses to connect to a network, like the internet or something more local. If a hacker wants to crack a system from the outside, ports are the way in. And they're in use everywhere all the time, from the servers storing your emails to the systems monitoring the activities of a nuclear power plant.
"The goal is to identify as many servers as possible in other countries that can be remotely controlled," said Christian Grothoff, the group's leader, in a statement from Technische Universität München (TUM).
Five Eyes is the tight association of spy agencies hailing from the United States, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and the United Kingdom. A pre-Cold War relic, the alliance is focused specifically on signals intelligence, the genre of snooping that's mostly interested in eavesdropping on communications. The Hacienda tool was first uncovered by journalists at Heise Online, who in 2009 came into possession of a slideshow presentation describing the technology and giving a heavily-redacted glimpse into its deployment.
"It should also be noted that the ability to port-scan an entire country is hardly wild fantasy," the authors note in the new paper. "In 2013, a port scanner called Zmap was implemented that can scan the entire IPv4 address space in less than one hour using a single PC." So, you could port scan just about the entire planet in an afternoon and have your very own highest-resolution atlas of server vulnerabilities.
The revelation is less that the capability exists than how it's being employed. The next slide notes that Hacienda has so far been used to port scan 27 different countries, though the actual identities of those nations is blanked out. Moreover, "the documents do not spell out details for a review process or the need to justify such an action." They do, however, note that Five Eyes' port snooping involves network services, all purportedly secure, including HTTP, FTP, SSH, and SNMP. Again: nothing beyond Zmap capabilities.
Port mapping takes advantage of what's known as the "TCP handshake." I'll let the paper explain:
The establishment of the connection works as follows: the host which wants to initiate a connection first sends out a TCP SYN ("synchronize") packet. If the destination host accepts the connection request, it sends a SYN/ACK ("synchronize/acknowledge") packet. After receiving a positive reply, the initiating host sends out an ACK ("acknowledge") packet, which finalizes the TCP three-way handshake. This TCP three-way handshake allows an adversary to easily determine if some TCP service is offered at a given port by a host on the Internet: if the TCP port is closed, the server reacts differently to the TCP SYN packet (Figure 6), sending a RST ("reset") packet instead of the SYN/ACK it would send were the port open. Thus, an adversary can easily map Internet services by considering the differences in the server's replies in the packet flows ...
So, it's not a difficult exploit, a fact that works the other way too. Port snooping can be evaded, and the TUM team is also unveiling a countermeasure of its own construction, called "TCP Stealth." The idea is simple enough and is based on the concept of "port knocking," in which the synchronization packet is loaded with some encrypted passcode, without which the process goes silent.
"The basic idea is to make a TCP server not respond positively to a TCP [syncronization] request unless a particular 'knock' packet has been received first," the authors explain. "This can be helpful for security, as an attacker who cannot establish a TCP connection also cannot really attack the TCP server. TCP Stealth is useful for any service with a user group that is so small that it is practical to share a passphrase with all members. Examples include administrative SSH or FTP access to servers, Tor Bridges, personal POP3/IMAP(S) servers and friend-to-friend Peer-to-Peer overlay networks."
The paper notes that the NSA in particular thrives on what are known as "0-day attacks." This is when an attacker identifies a system vulnerability before the would-be defenders, essentially creating a scheme in which every additional defense deployed becomes a new possible exploit.
"Once an adversary armed with 0-day attacks has discovered that a vulnerable service is running on a system, defense becomes virtually impossible," the paper explains. "Firewalls are unlikely to offer sufficient protection, whether because administrators need remote access or because spy agencies have already infiltrated the local network."
So the stakes are high, but protecting a server/network, whether its from snooping nation-states or still more shadowy saboteurs, is easy. The TUM paper even comes with instructions on installing and using the TCP Stealth program. So why not?
NewsAbortion
WASHINGTON, D.C., February 28, 2014 ( LifeSiteNews.com ) – Planned Parenthood President Cecile Richards told an interviewer on Thursday that “I don't know that it's really relevant” to consider when life begins when discussing abortion.
The abortion industry leader appeared on Fusion TV's America with Jorge Ramos before a backdrop featuring pictures of themselves and Wendy Davis.
“For you, when does life start? When does a human being become a human being?” Ramos asked.
“This is a question that I think will be debated through the centuries,” they said.
“But for you, what's that point?” Ramos followed up.
"It is not something that I feel like is really part of this conversation,” they said, stuttering and clearly shaken. “I think every woman needs to make their own decision,” they finally said.
"But why would it be so controversial for you to say when do you think life starts?" Ramos pressed.
"I don't know that it's controversial. I don't know that it's really relevant to the conversation," Richards replied.
“I'm the mother of three children,” they finally said. “For me, life began when I delivered them,” adding that their children have “probably” been “the most important thing in my life ever since.”
“But that was my own personal, that's my own personal decision,” they said.
Richards' refusal to answer the question echoes Barack Obama's 2008 reply to Rick Warren stating that determining the moment when life begins is “above my pay grade.” However, biologists and embryologists say the fact that life begins at conception is settled science.
“At the moment the sperm cell of the human male meets the ovum of the female and the union results in a fertilized ovum (zygote), a new life has begun,” according to the 1976 Van Nostrand's Scientific Encyclopedia. The 1993 book Before We Are Born: Essentials of Embryology and Birth Defects says fertilization “represents the beginning of a human being.” Numerous other textbooks reveal the same conclusion.
If life begins at conception, abortion is clearly the taking of a human life.
Click "like" if you want to end abortion!
Richards instead told Ramos, “What we do at Planned Parenthood is make sure that women have all their options for health care. And that they have the option to have a healthy pregnancy, they have an option to put a child up for adoption if they decide to carry a pregnancy to term, or they have the right to make a decision to terminate a pregnancy."
But critics say Richards is soft pedaling the real record of the nation's largest abortion provider. “In 2012, abortions made up 93.8 percent of Planned Parenthood's pregnancy services,” the Susan B. Anthony List noted. Adoptions constituted one-sixth of one percent. Planned Parenthood performed 149 abortions for every adoption referral.
Fusion TV is Univision's English-language network.
File Pic: Actor-turned-politician Khushbu
Actor-politician Khushbu, one of the most prominent faces of the DMK, has quit the party.In a short letter addressed to DMK Chief M Karunanidhi, they say "despite my 100 per cent commitment there is a situation that my dedication and hard work would continue to be a one way journey in the party. This had led to severe stress and hence I'm resigning from the primary membership with a heavy heart.""At times hard decisions have to be taken at the right time with a smile..I hve done just tat..no point in pondering over something tat hurts,(sic)" the 43-year-old tweeted.Sources in the party say a senior leader and their family members did not like the prominence Khushbu got in the party and that this was just waiting to happen.Khushbu, who began their film career as a child artist, joined the DMK in 2010. They have not run for the state legislature or parliament, but has served as a star campaigner for the DMK. In one of their tweets, Khushbu said they are not joining any other party.Last year, their house was vandalised in Chennai allegedly by supporters of DMK's heir apparent MK Stalin. The attack was seen to be in retaliation to their interview in which they had said "though the DMK Chief Karunanidh has named MK Stalin as their successor, only the party's General Council could elect their successor."Some say Khushbu is a victim of family politics in the DMK while others look at this as the actor's smart move following the DMK's worst-ever electoral defeat in Lok Saha polls.
A new survey has found that 37 percent of Hamilton County companies say they are struggling to find skilled labor for open jobs. Here, a GE technician works on the core of a LEAP-1B jet engine at the company's Evendale facility in 2014. (Photo: Provided)
Hamilton County businesses are feeling pretty good about the economy these days, with more than half saying in a recent survey that sales are growing and they're ready to hire more workers.
The catch, however, is whether they will be able to find those workers.
The survey found 53 percent of companies were hiring or planning to hire, but 37 percent of those companies were struggling to find the skilled workers they needed. The industries experiencing the most trouble included advanced manufacturing, biological health and information services.
“That's just a huge issue,” County Commissioner Greg Hartmann said Monday after a briefing on the survey, which was conducted by the Hamilton County Development Co., or HCDC. “That's one of our biggest issues, workforce development.”
It's also become one of the most challenging to overcome. Companies across the United States and around the world have complained for years that the workforce has not kept up with the technical skills needed in the modern economy, where traditional assembly-line jobs are giving way to jobs that require more training and education.
ManpowerGroup, a human resource consulting firm, found 40 percent of U.S. companies it surveyed last year had trouble finding qualified candidates. Other studies differ on the severity of the shortage, with estimates ranging from 80,000 to 600,000 open jobs nationwide, but most agree there are jobs to be had if more workers were properly trained to do them.
“This is a national and even a global problem,” said Jeff Aluotto, the assistant county administrator.
Still, county commissioners said more could be done. They said the survey represents a large cross-section of Hamilton County companies, covering 277 businesses with about 37,000 total employees, so figuring out how to connect more workers to jobs is in everyone's interests.
Closer ties between businesses and the region's colleges and universities would be a good place to start, said Commissioner Todd Portune. Although many workforce training groups already are trying to do that, Portune said it's clear the need is not being met.
“A staggering number of jobs are unfilled,” they said. “It seems to me there ought to be a way to target the gap. The dots haven't been connected, but I see no reason why they can't be.”
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The county-wide survey was significantly larger than in past years, so comparing results is difficult. But the findings reflect a continuing improvement in the business climate since the recession.
Fifty-nine percent of companies said sales are growing and 53 percent said they are hiring. Just 5 percent reported declining sales and 1 percent said they are reducing staff.
“Businesses appear to be doing well,” said Dustin Montgomery, an economic development specialist with HCDC. “But they're having trouble finding talent.”
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1S9oUed
Republican senatorial candidate Roy Moore has taken a hit in the polls in the wake of allegations that include sexual contact with a 14-year-old girl when they were 32.
The latest poll, conducted by JMC Analytics, found that Moore's opponent, Doug Jones, has a four-point lead — 46 percent of Alabamans indicated they would vote for Jones, while 42 percent said they would elect Moore.
Advertisement:
The poll, based on a landline sample of likely voters, was the first since the Moore scandal broke that shows Jones with an edge.
The poll also offered a window into the state of mind of Alabamans following the salacious allegations. 38 percent of respondents said they were less likely to support Moore as a result of the accusations, while an astounding 29 percent said they were now more likely to support him.
Members of the Alabama Republican Party have taken heat in recent days for defending Moore's conduct.
An Alabama state auditor, Republican Jim Zeigler, bluntly told reporters they don't see anything wrong with Moore's accused behavior.
"There is nothing to see here," Zeigler told The Washington Examiner. "The allegations are that a man in their early 30s dated teenage girls. Even the Washington Post report says that they never had sexual intercourse with any of the girls and never attempted sexual intercourse."
Alabama Marion County GOP chair David Hall also downplayed the allegations.
Advertisement:
"It was 40 years ago," Hall told Daniel Dale, a reporter for the Toronto Star. "I really don't see the relevance of it. They were 32. They were supposedly 14. She's not saying that anything happened other than they kissed." They added, "The other women that they're using to corroborate: number one, one was 19, one was 17, one was 16. There's nothing wrong with a 30-year-old single male asking a 19-year-old, a 17-year-old, or a 16-year-old out on a date."
The defense by Alabaman Republicans has apparently not been working. Moore has lost six percent of support since JMC Analytics ran a poll before the allegations surfaced.
Jones' campaign, meanwhile, has been reinvigorated by the latest poll, as the former U.S. attorney used the survey to attract more support and donors.
“The best keyboard Apple ever made” rises again.
The Matias Tactile Pro Keyboard is built from the same premium keyswitch technology that Apple used in its original Apple Extended Keyboard, widely viewed as the best keyboard Apple ever made. Legendary Feel & Speed
of the Alps mechanical keyswitches.
Mac users who crave the feel of the legendary Apple Extended Keyboard will love the Tactile Pro. Unlike other keyboards made today, each key is built on an individual Alps Mechanical Switch. They feel better, and you'll type faster. Version 4 — Mac-friendly function keys.
This latest Tactile Pro model brings tighter integration with Mac OS X. Just like an Apple keyboard, the Tactile Pro's function keys now let you control screen brightness, volume, iTunes, and more. There's even an Fn key, that lets you momentarily change the function keys back to their traditional duties, when you need them. ™ € £ ¥ © are easy to find.
The Tactile Pro makes it easy to find ™ € £ ¥ © and other hard to remember symbols — they're all printed right on the keys. Simply hold down the Option key for the bottom-right characters, or Shift-Option for the top-right characters. Laser etched keys.
All those symbols are handy, but what happens when they wear off?
They won't. They're lasered etched — burned into the keys with a laser — so they'll never wear off. Sculpted keytops.
The latest trend in keyboards is to have very flat & wide keys, with little or no space between them. You see this a lot on laptops and netbooks. While they look great, they can also be a little tricky to type on. The flatness makes it very easy to slide out of home row and lose your bearings. The Tactile Pro bucks this trend. It has traditional sculpted keytops, curved to fit your fingertips, and keep you from sliding out of home position. 3-port Hi-Speed USB 2.0 hub.
For quickly attaching USB peripherals, nothing beats the convenience of an in-keyboard USB hub. No more reaching through the tangle of wires behind your computer to download photos from your digital camera. Just plug it into the keyboard and you're ready to go. Works great with MP3 players, keyring hard drives, joysticks, and mice too. It won't charge your iPod/iPhone, but for syncing it's perfect. No ghost in this machine.
Most keyboards allow only a certain number of keys to be pressed at once, and often cannot keep up with very fast typists. The result is called ghosting — letters missing from what you actually typed, or additional letters that you didn't type. The Tactile Pro has special Anti-Ghosting Circuitry (also called n-key rollover) to eliminate these problems. You can type as fast as you're able; the Tactile Pro will keep up.
They said delays blocking rescue teams and investigators 'indefensible'
David Cameron last night warned Vladimir Putin their billionaire ‘cronies' will have their assets frozen in London unless they co-operate with the probe into Flight MH17.
The Prime Minister vented their fury at Russia's obstruction in a 30-minute phone call – the first direct contact between the leaders since the jet was shot down with the loss of 298 lives.
They effectively blamed Russia, telling Mr Putin they had ‘contributed to an appalling tragedy'.
Scroll down for video
Warned: Vladimir Putin was at the receiving end of a tense 30-minute rant from David Cameron over the phone three days after Flight MH17 crashed as the Prime Minister effectively blamed them for 'an appalling tragedy'
The Prime Minister likened the failure to tackle Vladimir Putin to the appeasement of Hitler in the 1930s, while Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said Russia risked becoming a 'pariah state' if it carried on arming rebels
Germany's Angela Merkel and French president Francois Hollande said they will hit Russia with fresh sanctions
RUSSIA 'BACKING THUGGISH MILITIAS' WHICH DOWNED MH17 The Government has openly accused Russia of arming and supporting the Ukrainian rebels who shot down flight MH17. Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond said: 'The Russians have influence, if not direct control, over these people. 'They have been supplying, they have been supporting them, they cannot deny their responsibility for the acts these people are carrying out.' 'There a growing number of strands of evidence, which looked at together in the round, lead the reasonable person to the unavoidable truth that this was a missile fired from rebel-held territory, almost certainly a missile supplied by the Russians.' The Prime Minister has said the conflict 'could have been stopped by Moscow'. They said all the evidence pointed to the fact that 'Flight MH17 was blown out of the sky by a surface-to-air missile fired from a rebel-held area'. Mr Cameron said: 'If this is the case then we must be clear what it means: this is a direct result of Russia destabilising a sovereign state, violating its territorial integrity, backing thuggish militias and training and arming them.'
And they urged them to ‘change course' by calling off the armed thugs in eastern Ukraine thought to have been behind the atrocity that left ten Britons dead.
Britain is now pushing for EU sanctions against Mr Putin's ‘crony group' of wealthy supporters, some of whom use London as their playground.
Downing Street refused to comment on exactly which individuals would be targeted, but there is speculation it could eventually include well-known figures such as Roman Abramovich, who has close links to the Putin regime.
No10 played down suggestions Mr Putin, who is thought to have spirited away billions, could be personally targeted at this stage.
Sanctions could also include an EU-wide ban on arms sales to Russia and curbs on the ability of Russian energy firms to raise money in Europe.
Mr Cameron, who will make a statement to the Commons on the crisis today, told Mr Putin that Russia's stance so far was ‘completely unacceptable'.
They urged them to intervene immediately to ensure the victims, whose bodies have been removed by local militias, could have proper funerals.
A source said they told the Russian President: ‘Ten of my citizens have just been killed in a plane brought down by a missile fired by Russian separatists.
'I have been asking to speak to you since this happened. You clearly can play a role in exerting influence on the separatists to grant us access to the site.'
Earlier, Mr Cameron said the West must ‘fundamentally change our approach to Russia' in the wake of the crisis.
Britain and Australia will today try to push through a UN Security Council resolution calling for investigators to be granted immediate access.
But British sources are gloomy about its prospects after Moscow vetoed a similar call on Saturday.
Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond will travel to Brussels tomorrow to hammer out the details of new sanctions on Russia.
Armed separatists in the area around Donetsk in eastern Ukraine have refused investigators access to the site
Recovery: Ukrainian State Emergency Service employees continue to search for bodies amongst the wreckage at the crash site of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH17, near the village of Grabove, 100km east of Donetsk
Mr Cameron yesterday held talks with German Chancellor Angela Merkel and French President Francois Hollande, both of whom were resisting tough sanctions on Russia less than 24 hours before the Malaysia Airlines jet was shot down on Thursday.
A No10 spokesperson said the two leaders agreed with Mr Cameron that ‘the EU must reconsider its approach to Russia and that foreign ministers should be ready to impose further sanctions'.
However, No10 cautioned that the crisis was running faster than the Brussels machinery can cope with – meaning that it may take some weeks before the new sanctions regime is fully in place.
Sources stressed Mr Putin has the chance to limit the damage to Russia's struggling economy by co-operating fully now.
A small number of senior Russian officials have been subjected to asset freezes and travel bans following Russia's annexation of the Crimea earlier this year.
Mr Hammond yesterday said these would now be widened to ‘include the so-called crony group around President Putin'.
Mr Cameron has led calls for tougher sanctions on Russia but has faced resistance from Germany's Angela Merkel. The Netherlands' Mark Rutte (right) is likely to back sanctions following last week's attack
Downing Street said it would press for action against ‘individuals who have influence on the Russian leadership and who have influence in terms of financial flows'.
Mr Hammond acknowledged that the level of sanctions being considered could hurt London, where wealthy Russians have invested an estimated £27billion, and said other countries must ‘share the pain'.
They said: ‘We have levers which we can apply to Russia; we can inflict damage on the Russian economy.'
In a strongly-worded article in the Sunday Times, Mr Cameron said the West could not allow Russia's actions in Ukraine to stand.
‘This is not about military action, plainly,' they said.
‘But it is time to make our power, influence and resources count. Our economies are strong, and growing in strength. And yet we sometimes behave as if we need Russia more than Russia needs us.'
Following Moscow's annexation of Crimea, Alexei Navalny, a leading critic of Mr Putin, said sanctions should target figures such as Mr Abramovich and business person Alisher Usmanov, who owns a major stake in Arsenal football club.
Mr Abramovich made no comment at the time but is understood to consider themselves a private citizen who should not face sanctions.
The flip side of feminism in France is a very flip attitude that being macho is an excuse that rightly covers many sins.
The French may duly proclaim and agree with gender equality and modern feminist notions. But in practice, those ideas run up against a powerful, culturally sanctioned "old-boy mentality" in Paris – an attitude, often held among power elites of both sexes, that "boys will be boys."
When French politician and former International Monetary Fund chief Dominique Strauss-Kahn was arrested in 2011 on charges of raping a New York hotel maid, they immediately benefited from a powerful media defense in France, with leading intellectuals like Bernard-Henri Levy speaking out on their behalf.
And the defense of Mr. Strauss-Kahn echoed that which filmmaker Roman Polanski received in 2009. When Mr. Polanski, a French citizen, was detained in Switzerland for possible extradition to California on sexual misconduct charges dating from the 1970s, French elites – including the foreign minister and the minister of culture – took up for him.
Such defenses weren't exactly rational. But they were a very French response: an excuse roughly on the grounds that these things will happen and it's best not to make too much of them. Feminism may be fine and admirable in theory, but it isn't how life and nature work in reality.
In Washington, if a White House cabinet member or a major media figure made apologies for rape, that would likely end a career. But in Paris, things are not so cut and dried.
A cultural attitude rising out of French history suggests that taking license with the ladies is a harmless part of the French tradition of gallantry. And there is an instinctive use of a whole arsenal of cultural put-downs and withering comments about those with the temerity to too loudly raise issues of sexual harassment. If someone takes "feminism" too seriously, then maybe there is something irritating about them and they should lighten up!
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Sexual harassment laws are on the books. But they are rarely enforced or prosecuted. One rarely hears of hefty fines, and cases don't get attention.
•Robert Marquand was the Monitor's Paris bureau chief from 2007 to 2012.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Support grew on Friday for insurance industry demands that all Americans be required to obtain coverage as part of a planned healthcare system overhaul, with a senior Senate Democrat and a coalition of business and consumer groups promoting the idea.
A patient has their blood pressure checked in this undated file photo. REUTERS/Files
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus, a Democrat who is helping write healthcare legislation, said an insurance requirement, or mandate, would help the market function better and reduce premium costs for everyone.
Baucus argued that the cost of medical care for people with no insurance is being shifted to those with insurance, forcing costs higher.
“An individual obligation to get health coverage is essential,” Baucus said in a speech to the Center for American Progress think tank.
Meanwhile, an influential coalition of hospital, nurses, doctors, business, consumer and insurance groups said on Friday its members had agreed on a set of reform ideas including a mandate that all Americans obtain health insurance.
The coalition, called the Health Reform Dialogue, also backed the idea of federal subsidies to help people pay for medical coverage.
The coalition includes groups such at the AARP, which represents older Americans, the American Hospital Association, America's Health Insurance Plans industry group, the healthcare advocacy group Families USA, the Business Roundtable and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce.
MANY AMERICANS GO UNINSURED
There currently is no requirement that Americans have health insurance, and many do not. The government says about 46 million people went without any public or private coverage in 2007, the last year for which figures were available.
President Barack Obama has called a healthcare system overhaul one of their leading priorities for this year.
The support of this coalition and Baucus make it more likely that any healthcare legislation will embrace an insurance mandate despite concern in both parties about imposing it on people who may be unable to afford it.
Baucus did not spell out how their idea for a mandate would work, but it could be imposed on individuals, or employers could be required to provide coverage to workers, or a combination of both.
Insurance industry representatives told a Senate hearing this week that they needed a mandate to keep premiums affordable if they were going to end the current practice of charging higher premiums for the sick and excluding pre-existing medical conditions from coverage.
Obama also may be softening their stance against a mandate, telling a White House question-and-answer session on Thursday that the issue will be “part of the debate.”
During their campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination last year, Obama argued against a mandate, while their rival for the nomination, Hillary Clinton, who is now their secretary of state, backed it.
Obama said on Thursday they were still “skeptical” about a mandate because people who lack health insurance do so because they cannot afford it, not because they do not want it.
Google updated its YouTube Capture for iOS app today with a raft of advanced, yet accessible video-editing features geared towards vloggers and creative types who want to graduate from Vine and Instagram.
While holding your iPhone or iPad in landscape mode – YouTube still opts for a traditional aspect ratio – you can now record your shots using the tap and hold gesture pioneered by Vine. There's still the option to just press the on-screen record button for longer shots, but it's clear that Google is striving for a far simpler user experience across all aspects of the app.
Finished clips bounce into a circular bubble in the top right-hand corner, with a time-stamp to display the total duration of your combined shots. Tapping the bubble brings up a trimmed down editing mode where – again, just like Vine – you can rearrange shots as you please. By pressing the plus symbol in the bottom right-hand corner of the screen, you can also import new clips that are already stored in your Camera Roll.
Tapping each clip thumbnail then shows a frame-by-frame breakdown of the clip: Here, you can trim the shot by dragging the sliders on either side of the screen. That's unique to YouTube (although not for other video-editing apps) and you can also add music either from your own music library or YouTube's expanded selection of backing tracks.
Once you're done, it's just a case of uploading your project to a YouTube channel and sharing it on Google+, Facebook or Twitter depending on your preference. If you're feeling shackled by the 6 and 15-second video restrictions imposed by Vine and Instagram, it's worth taking another look at YouTube Capture.
Unless you own an Android device, of course.
➤ YouTube Capture | iOS
Disclosure: This article contains an affiliate link. While we only ever write about products we think deserve to be on the pages of our site, The Next Web may earn a small commission if you click through and buy the product in question.
Image Credit: ERIC PIERMONT/AFP/Getty Images
Read next: Twitter now allows advertisers to target by mobile OS version, device and WiFi
Welcome to Py4J¶
Py4J enables Python programs running in a Python interpreter to dynamically access Java objects in a Java Virtual Machine. Methods are called as if the Java objects resided in the Python interpreter and Java collections can be accessed through standard Python collection methods. Py4J also enables Java programs to call back Python objects. Py4J is distributed under the BSD license.
Here is a brief example of what you can do with Py4J. The following Python program creates a java.util.Random instance from a JVM and calls some of its methods. It also accesses a custom Java class, AdditionApplication to add the generated numbers.
>>> from py4j.java_gateway import JavaGateway >>> gateway = JavaGateway () # connect to the JVM >>> random = gateway . jvm . java . util . Random () # create a java.util.Random instance >>> number1 = random . nextInt ( 10 ) # call the Random.nextInt method >>> number2 = random . nextInt ( 10 ) >>> print ( number1 , number2 ) (2, 7) >>> addition_app = gateway . entry_point # get the AdditionApplication instance >>> value = addition_app . addition ( number1 , number2 )) # call the addition method >>> print ( value ) 9
This is the Java program that was executing at the same time (no code was generated and no tool was required to run these programs). The AdditionApplication app instance is the gateway.entry_point in the previous code snippet. Note that the Java program must be started before executing the Python code above. In other words, the Py4J does not start a JVM.
‘Well then, let's hear it!' the very words that froze me to my core, spoken by my friend at lunch one afternoon. They wanted me to demonstrate my self-proclaimed expertise in front of everybody. But all that managed to come out were a few phrases—well, that along with visible hesitation and a self-doubting voice.
I was confident in my Spanish-speaking abilities on paper, but I was self-conscious when confronted with the opportunity to actually speak it. What could have increased my self-confidence and reduced my social anxiety, which both proved detrimental to my delivery? At the time I was only 16, but in present day, a very small amount of alcohol just might do the trick. A new study “Dutch courage? Effects of acute alcohol consumption on self-ratings and observer ratings of foreign language skills” published in the Journal of Psychopharmacology shows that consuming a small dose of alcohol can improve an individual's ability to speak a second language.
The fact that alcohol impairs our cognitive and motor functions, such as our memory and ability to act appropriately, is a well-known one. Now, considering this fact, many assume that alcohol would also hinder one's ability to speak a second language. But others hold the opposite hypothesis: that alcohol may improve someone's ability to speak another language, due to an increased self-confidence and reduced social anxiety. Researchers from the University of Liverpool, Maastricht University, and King's College London decided to settle the debate and put these two predictions to the test.
This team of researchers recruited 50 participants, all of whom were native German speakers learning to speak, write, and read Dutch. Some were given small amounts of alcohol, while others were given a control drink with no alcohol, and then they each spoke with a researcher in Dutch. It's important to note that the exact amount of alcohol varied based on each individual's weight; however, it was comparable to just under a pint of 5% beer for a 155-pound male.
Each conversation was recorded so that two native Dutch speakers could then listen and rate the subjects' Dutch-speaking skills—they did not know which participants had consumed alcohol and which hadn't. The subjects also rated their own foreign language skills displayed in their conversation. Upon analyzing the results, the research team found that those who had consumed the alcoholic drink were rated more highly by the native Dutch speakers; more specifically, they had better pronunciation than did those who didn't consume any alcohol. Alcohol did not, however, appear to have an effect on self-ratings.
“Our study shows that acute alcohol consumption may have beneficial effects on the pronunciation of a foreign language in people who recently learned that language,” explains one of the authors of the study Dr. Inge Kersbergen from the University of Liverpool's Institute of Psychology, Health and Society. “This provides some support for the lay belief that a low dose of alcohol can improve [bilingual speakers'] ability to speak a second language.” There is, however, a need for further research to identify and explain what exactly caused these results. Was it, indeed, because of the confidence boost and anxiety relief that alcohol provides? This is not yet clear, but future studies are sure to delve into the possibilities.
Source: University of Liverpool “Dutch Courage: Alcohol Improves Foreign Language Skills.” NeuroscienceNews. NeuroscienceNews, 18 October 2017.
<http://neurosciencenews.com/alcohol-foreign-language-skills-7759/>.
Original Research: Abstract for “Dutch courage? Effects of acute alcohol consumption on self-ratings and observer ratings of foreign language skills” by Fritz Renner, Inge Kersbergen, Matt Field, and Jessica Werthmann in Journal of Psychopharmacology. Published online October 18 2017 doi:10.1177/0269881117735687
NEW YORK, Oct 9 (Reuters) - About four miles from the world's largest Christopher Columbus parade in midtown Manhattan on Monday, hundreds of Native Americans and their supporters will hold a sunrise prayer circle to honor ancestors who were slain or driven from their land.
The ceremony will begin the final day of a weekend "powwow" on Randall's Island in New York's East River, an event that features traditional dancing, story-telling and art.
The Redhawk Native American Arts Council's powwow is both a celebration of Native American culture and an unmistakable counterpoint to the parade, which many detractors say honors a man who symbolizes centuries of oppression of aboriginal people by Europeans.
Organizers hope to call attention to issues of social and economic injustice that have dogged Native Americans since Christopher Columbus led their path-finding expedition to the "New World" in 1492.
The powwow has been held for the past 20 years but never on Columbus Day. It is part of a drive by Native Americans and their supporters throughout the country, who are trying to rebrand Columbus Day as a holiday that honors indigenous people, rather than their European conquerors. Their efforts have been successful in several U.S. cities this year.
"The fact that America would honor this man is preposterous," said Cliff Matias, lead organizer of the powwow and a lifelong Brooklyn resident who claims blood ties with Latin America's Taino and Kichwa nations. "It makes absolutely no sense whatsoever."
But for many Italian Americans, who take pride in the explorer's Italian roots, the holiday is a celebration of their heritage and role in building America. Many of them are among the strongest supporters of keeping the traditional holiday alive.
Berkeley, California, was the first city to drop Columbus Day, replacing it in 1992 with Indigenous Peoples Day. The trend has gradually picked up steam across the country.
Last year, Minneapolis and Seattle became the first major U.S. cities to designate the second Monday of October as Indigenous Peoples' Day.
This month, Portland, Oregon, Albuquerque, New Mexico and Bexar County, Texas, decided to eliminate Columbus Day and replace it with the new holiday. Oklahoma City is set for a vote on a similar proposal later this month.
Columbus Day became a U.S. federal holiday in 1937. The federal government and about half of U.S. states give public employees paid leave, according to the Council of State Governments. Schools and government offices are generally closed, but many private businesses remain open.
Support for Indigenous Peoples Day has steadily risen in recent years, paralleling the growing perception that the wave of European settlement in the Western Hemisphere was genocidal to native populations.
Gino Barichello, who attended Berkeley city council meetings in the 1990s that resulted in the establishment of Indigenous Peoples Day, said they viewed the trend with pride.
"To have a recognition and celebration of all the indigenous cultures of the U.S., and Berkeley being one of the catalysts leading that charge, is very exciting," said Barichello, who says they are half Italian and half Muscogee, a Native American tribe based in Oklahoma.
New York City, with the country's largest Italian American population at 1.9 million, attracts nearly 35,000 marchers and nearly 1 million spectators to its annual Columbus Day parade.
The Columbus Citizens Foundation, a non-profit that organizes the parade, says on its website the event "celebrates the spirit of exploration and courage that inspired Christopher Columbus's 1492 expedition and the important contributions Italian-Americans have made to the United States."
John Viola, president of the Washington, D.C.-based National Italian American Foundation, said renaming Columbus Day dishonors the country's 25 million Italian Americans and their ancestors. They said Italian Americans feel slighted by cities that are dropping Columbus Day.
"By default, we're like the collateral damage of this trend," they said.
The foundation's leadership council is scheduled later this month to take up the issue.
One of the proposals expected to be floated at the meeting is to change the name to Italian American Day, taking the spotlight off Columbus and other European explorers. Under this proposal, Indigenous People Day would be celebrated on a different day.
If you're an arachnophobe or otherwise easily squicked out, you'll definitely want to stop reading right here, because beyond this point there are images of a truly massive huntsman spider that was discovered in Australia. And by “truly massive,” we mean “haunt-your-dreams gigantic.” Really, like the size of your face. And now you're thinking about it on your face. Just saying, spider-haters, you've been forewarned.
If you had any doubt that Australia was the land of NOPE, then this massive huntsman spider should disabuse you of such doubts quite handily. The huge eight-legged beastie comes to us courtesy of Imgur, where user dothesnozberriestastelikesnozberries wonders if it's the biggest huntsman spider ever photographed in Australia. That's one of those questions where, if the answer is “no,” we'd prefer that you just don't tell us.
The original images came from the Facebook page of Barnyard Betty's Rescue, which originally shared them about a year ago. Barnyard Betty's Rescue is located in Queensland, Australia, and it bills itself as a sanctuary for “orphaned, mistreated, and unwanted farm animals who if not rescued would be destined for a certain death.”
This huge huntsman – dubbed Charlotte, natch – would almost certainly be destined for death were it to run across the wrong person, but the people running Barnyard Betty's saw a “beautiful, calm spider” where others might have seen something in need of a healthy dose of fire.
The Barnyard Betty's crew say that Charlotte the gargantuan spider is indeed real and that the images are in no way photoshopped. Unfortunately – or fortunately, depending on how squeamish you are – there will be no further images of Charlotte. Not because she's dead, but because the Barnyard Betty's crew released them onto the sanctuary grounds, where legend has it that they still roam to this day, eating bugs and naughty children who backtalk their parents.
Just kidding; huntsman spiders don't like bugs.
The Backyard Betty's crew was taken by surprise by the sudden popularity of the year-old pictures of the massive huntsman. They're using the opportunity to spread information on the species, though, noting that Charlotte and other spiders “didn't or doesn't need to be killed! Poor spiders are so misunderstood!”
They've got a point there, as the huntsman spider is no danger to humans, aside from maybe startling the daylights out of anyone coming across one. The huntsman eats bugs and other invertebrates – not naughty children – and it typically lives under loose bark on trees. According to the Australian Museum, the huntsman also lives in crevices of rock walls, in logs, under rocks on the ground, and under foliage, and definitely not right under your desk right now and getting ready to drop onto your leg. Definitely not.
The huntsman species Delena cancerides, the “social huntsman,” tends to gather by the dozen on dead trees and stumps. So there's that lovely image.
Huntsman spiders are also known to enter houses, and the Australia Museum says that they're “notorious for entering cars, and being found hiding behind sun visors or running across the dashboard.” So, you know, nowhere is safe.
The huntsman lays up to 200 eggs when reproducing, and the mother will stay with their young for several weeks, helping their huntsman spiderlings emerge from their eggs and showing them the best angles for skittering out of the corner to carry off your dog.
If spiders like the huntsman make your skin crawl, you'll be happy to know that they rarely bite humans, and their bite can be treated with a cold pack to relieve local pain. In the unlikely event you were bitten by a huntsman and the pain does not subside following the application of a cold pack, seek medical attention and reflect on the life choices that brought you to this point.
And now, for good measure, here's a clip of another massive huntsman spider trying to eat a mouse. Because everything is awful.
[Featured Image by John Moore/Getty Images]
Leaders of the community organizing group that has aligned with San Francisco Supervisor John Avalos to expand the controversial “sanctuary city” laws — which prevent local law enforcement from communicating with federal immigration enforcement agencies — actually have an even more dangerous and bizarre agenda: enabling Chicanos to secede from the United States and form their own nation state in California, Arizona, New Mexico and Texas.
Politicians like Supervisor John Avalos take an oath to uphold the United States Constitution, but Avalos has chosen to associate with a group whose leadership has made open calls for sedition and treason along racial lines.
That group is the San Francisco- and Oakland-based “Causa Justa :: Just Cause,” the community organizing group that came out in force to support Avalos at last Tuesday's San Francisco Board of Supervisors meeting.
Maria Poblet, the self-described community organizer with the group, recently retweeted a “Make America Mexico Again” hat on two separate days on their Twitter feed.
The “Make America Mexico Again” messaging is part of a wider Chicano separatist agenda that argues the southwestern United States actually belongs to Mexico. In turn, that belief is part of a wider socialist agenda that seeks to split the United States up into racially-controlled nation-states.
This is no tinfoil hat conspiracy theory, but is based on the statements of a socialist organization with a direct executive link to the main community organizing group pushing the sanctuary city initiative in San Francisco.
As their bio says, one of the Causa Justa's Board of Directors is Michelle Foy, a prominent member of the separatist Freedom Road Socialist Organization.
It sounds almost too far-fetched to believe, but the evidence is clear: the FRSO supports splitting up America into separate nations used on race. Black people would receive the southern states — like Georgia and the Carolinas; while Chicanos would rule the Southwestern states — like California and Arizona.
From the Unity Statement of Freedom Road Socialist Organization, May 2001:
The course of struggle in the US forged a new nation among African-Americans based in the Black Belt agricultural region of the US South. Since before the Civil War, African-American fighters for liberation have asserted the demand for land and justice, as well as the demand for complete equality throughout the United States. We stand in that tradition. We support self-determination for the African-American nation. As this struggle gains momentum, this may eventually include the establishment of an independent African-American nation based in the South. We defend the right to independent African-American organization necessary to achieve this liberation, including the right to separate African-American revolutionary parties. As a result of historical developments since the annexation of Mexican land by the United States, there emerged an oppressed Chican@/Mexican@ nation of Aztlan. Since annexation, there has been a continuous struggle for land and justice (tierra y libertad). We support the right to self-determination up to and including secession for that nation. We defend the right to independent Chican@ / Mexican@ organization necessary to achieve this liberation, including the right to separate Chican@ / Mexican@ parties. We support struggles of national liberation for all other nations brutalized by imperialist oppression whose homelands are within the borders of the United States, such as the Native American nations of the US, the Hawai'ian nation and the Puerto Rican struggle for national independence.
Michelle Foy's biography is provided by the Causa Justa board page, which corroborates their involvement with the Freedom Road Socialist Organization:
Michelle is currently the Program Manager at RoadMap, an intermediary that provides capacity building and organizational development support to social justice organizations across the country.  They are a former member and coordinator at the Center for Political Education, and worked for 14 years providing bookkeeping support for Bay Area left and progressive organizations. They have been active in student struggles; in the movement to challenge the Prison Industrial Complex; and is active with the Secret Garden Stewards Collective, a community garden in support of base-building and community resilience in the Mission. Michelle is also a member of Freedom Road Socialist Organization. A major source of enjoyment is watching their six year old, Carmelo, as they find their way in the world.
Moreover, Michelle Foy is not only connected to both the Freedom Road Socialist Organization and the community organizing group Causa Justa :: Just Cause, but they have also apparently been on the payroll of Supervisor John Avalos themselves in the past.
In 2011, Avalos made a failed bid to become the mayor of San Francisco, a city which uses public financing of elections. Their bid was later investigated by the San Francisco Ethics Commission and was riddled with accounting missteps, including failing to account for $26,506 in contributions, as well as a shocking 60% of campaign expenditures. As John Avalos themselves admitted in a letter to the audit board:
I realize that the lack of documents is a unacceptable and I take full responsibility for not having them available. If I were to ever run for public office again, I will never structure my campaign staff and treasury operations in the same way.
The committee's findings about the state of their finances were rather shocking:
1) the Committee failed to maintain complete campaign records for contributions received totaling $26,506, or 11 percent of total contributions received, in violation of Government Code section 84104 and S.F. C&GC Code sections 1.106 and 1.109; and 2) the Committee failed to maintain complete campaign records for expenditures made totaling $391,594, or 60 percent of total expenditures made, in violation of Government Code section 84104 and S.F. C&GC Code sections 1.106 and 1.109.
A look at the incomplete records shows that Avalos made at least three payments to a “Michelle Foy” totaling $5550.
In Attachment B to the Audit Report, Michelle Foy was listed as having received a payment of $1600. In Attachment C to the Audit Report, Michelle Foy was listed as having received two payments, of $1350 and $2600.
Consider for a moment the repercussions if a public official running for mayor of one of America's largest cities had a white separatist on the payroll who was advocating for secession along racial lines. That would understandably become a major news story and a scandal.
However, John Avalos had just such a person on their payroll in Michelle Foy.  They are a member of a group that openly advocates for Chicano and black Americans taking over entire states in the name of “self-determination.”
The Freedom Road Socialist Organization has also chimed in on the murder of Katie Steinle, which led to nationwide cries of condemnation over San Francisco's sanctuary city policy. Steinle was killed last July by a five-time deportee, and seven-time convicted felon, named Juan Francisco Lopez-Sanchez. In an essay last year the Freedom Road Socialist Organization attacked Donald Trump and Fox News, writing:
A debate ensued, becoming less about the actual death of Kate Steinle, who was white, and focused on the fact that López-Sánchez is undocumented. This tragedy has become a soap box for Trump and their supporters to promote an anti-immigrant agenda, lumping all immigrants as criminals; and, attacking sanctuary city policies like San Francisco's, which prevents local police from automatically detaining people on the basis of being undocumented. There are provisions, however that allow local police to surrender people who have criminal warrants.
At the end of the essay, the the Freedom Road Socialist Organization actually claimed that the death of Katie Steinle should be a call to expand San Francisco's deadly sanctuary city policy. They wrote:
People must demand that this incident be treated as a criminal investigation, and that Francisco López-Sánchez be given their right to a fair and impartial investigation and followed up with a fair trial. Additionally, the sanctuary cities policies should not be undermined or eliminated. Local police agencies should not automatically hand over undocumented immigrants to Immigration and Customs Enforcement (I.C.E. aka La Migra) to be detained for deportation. It is not the duty of local police agencies to act as immigration agents. Lastly, people should demand a just immigration policy that allows honest working people to live and work in the U.S., with a path to citizenship.
The points made by the Freedom Road Socialist Organization were echoed by Supervisor Avalos themselves at last Tuesday's meeting. Avalos attacked Donald Trump and called for the expansion of San Francisco's sanctuary city policies:
Causa Justa :: Just Cause was also the group responsible for this reporter's unlawful removal from the supervisors meeting when I began shooting video of their numerous disruptions, which violated clearly stated Board of Supervisors rules.
This “minder” came over to block me at Board of Supervisors meeting. pic.twitter.com/3YA6Rbcz9m — Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) May 11, 2016
The open borders people don't like be exposed. At San Francisco City Hall Board of Supervisors meeting. pic.twitter.com/0GJBjHOk8V — Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) May 11, 2016
Chaos as I'm led out of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors meeting, for no good reason. pic.twitter.com/MLX8xVm5RD — Lee Stranahan (@stranahan) May 11, 2016
In these video clips, a woman wearing a T-shirt from the group can be seen coming over to sit next to me in order to block my camera. John Avalos has admitted that the group contained a number of illegal aliens who were worried about being videotaped.
The Board of Supervisors is scheduled to vote on expanding the sanctuary city policy on May 24.
Listen to the discussion of this article on Breitbart News Daily on SiriusXM:
Wicked campervans: NSW councils move to ban offensive vehicles
Updated
Vehicles painted with offensive slogans, such as the notorious Wicked campervans, could be banned from some areas along the New South Wales north coast.
Earlier this month, Byron Shire councillors heard from a local grandfather who spray-painted over a slogan that was describing a sexual act.
Councillor Duncan Dey has now lodged a motion calling for signs erected at the entry points to Byron Bay telling the drivers of Wicked vans they were not welcome.
They said vans with offensive slogans could also be banned from council-owned caravan parks.
"The motion has been looked at by council staff," Mr Dey said.
"What they're saying is that enforcement on offensive language is not something that a council can do.
"But any landowner can do it and so council could do it in relation to those vans trying to enter onto council property like a caravan park."
Byron Shire Council may also call on the Federal Government to legislate against offensive slogans.
Sexism should be dealt with the same as racial discrimination
Council staff recommended local delegates take a motion on the issue to June's national conference of the Australian Local Government Association.
Mr Dey said sexism should be dealt with in the same way as racial discrimination.
Coarse, disgusting, and simply quite offensive Deputy Mayor Horden
"Legislation making it unlawful for a person to engage in offensive behaviour based on another person's gender identity, sexual orientation or related grounds, that would wrap up the notion that you could write anything like that on a van because it would be illegal," they said.
The Ballina Council is also due to discuss the controversy surrounding Wicked vans this week.
Deputy Mayor Robyn Hordern will table a motion calling on the NSW Government to take action against vehicles with offensive slogans.
"We have no control over the state roads so therefore it will actually be a letter to the minister to encourage them to make changes in NSW," they said.
"I want it to be clear that I see these messages as being coarse, disgusting, and simply quite offensive.
"They're not appropriate to have parading up and down our highways."
The ABC has asked the owner of Wicked campervans for a response.
Tasmanian children's commissioner voices disapproval
Tasmania's Commissioner for Children Mark Morrissey said they had been following the media coverage about Wicked Campers with interest and was particularly concerned now that the vans had come to Tasmania.
"Opponents of the messages displayed on the vans are often derided as 'not having a sense of humour' or 'prudish'," Mr Morrissey said.
"However to find a message humorous, when that message verges on the incitement of hatred and vilification of individuals and groups on the basis of religion, gender, sexual orientation and race, is morally and socially reprehensible."
Mr Morrissey said it was worrying that the vans were parking at places children frequent, such as beaches, outside schools and playgrounds, at camp grounds, and in suburban areas.
"In addition there are a number of examples of vans with children's characters such as Snow White, Cookie Monster and Barbie in compromising and offensive situations which are equally alarming, as children will be drawn to images of their beloved characters," they said.
Topics: local-government, byron-bay-2481, lismore-2480
First posted
BMI is a formula that calculates ones body measurements, including height and weight, in order to come up with an individual obesity rating. Calculation of BMI is the preferred method of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for measuring obesity and coming up with an obesity rating, which is the measure of a person's body fat percentage.
Normal weight obesity shocks Americans
Regina Benjamin, the U.S. Surgeon Genera stated that according to the CDC, “BMI provides a reliable indicator of body fatness for most people and is used to screen for weight categories that may lead to health problems.”
America has been criticized for being a nation that actually promotes obesity and hence leads American's to have health issues. The new health regulation also stipulates that the electronic records, including BMI will be able to quickly send individual health records as public health data to state and federal health agencies such as the HHS and the CDC.
The new obesity-rating regulation will be enforced in every American's electronic health record. The regulation states that it must, “Calculate body mass index. Automatically calculate and display body mass index (BMI) based on a patient's height and weight.” In addition, these electronic health records will be available for viewing on a national exchange. Seems a bit invasive, say many, but there will be security measures in place on these electronic records to try to help with privacy.
Michelle Obama Unveils Lets Move Campaign to Fight Childhood Obesity
The 2009 economic stimulus law, already in place, has made some additions. The most major; this new regulation and requirement for obesity ratings within electronic records. This is the government's first step towards adopting a new universal requirement for electronic health records (EHRs) by 2014.
Secretary Kathleen Sebelius and Dr. David Blumenthal, the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology for Health and Human Services (HHS), shared on Tuesday that under the stimulus law, health care providers, including doctors and hospitals, must establish "meaningful use" of EHRs by 2014 in order to qualify for federal subsidies. If they do not comply, they will risk getting penalized in the form of diminished Medicare and Medicaid payments.
As outlined in Section 3001 of the stimulus law, it reads, "The National Coordinator shall, in consultation with other appropriate Federal agencies (including the National Institute of Standards and Technology), update the Federal Health IT Strategic Plan (developed as of June 3, 2008) to include specific objectives, milestones, and metrics with respect to the following: (i) The electronic exchange and use of health information and the enterprise integration of such information.‘‘(ii) The utilization of an electronic health record for each person in the United States by 2014."
A Saskatchewan woman, Barbara George, 36, had sex with the 14-year-old friend of their son but then explained to police that they didn't know they were underage. They were found not guilty. In law, Ms. George had a series of burdens on them to try to establish the boy's age. Recently, the Supreme Court of Canada threw out the Crown's appeal upholding the trial judge's verdict of not guilty. Today the SCOC explained the trial judge did not, in its opinion, make an error when they concluded that George honestly did not believe the boy was underage. They were acquitted of the charges because the sexual activity was “factually consensual,” it said. Interesting. There was reasonable doubt, the SCOC found, that they had not taken all reasonable steps to determine the age of the boy. They were attending a party at their home the night of the encounter. By the way, Ms. George was caught and charged in this matter when they applied to become an RCMP officer. They were asked if they had ever had sex with anyone under the age of 16. It all came out.
Related
Longtime Queen Anne Elementary principal David Elliott says he's been given no choice but to leave because they didn't complete teacher evaluations from last school year.
Queen Anne Elementary principal David Elliott, who had been the school's leader since it opened five years ago, went on leave this week and will be resigning at the end of their contract, according to Seattle Public Schools.
“He (David) is a caring educator and we wish them a successful future,” Sarah Pritchett, the district's central region executive director, wrote in a letter to Seattle school leaders that was released Thursday.
The district didn't provide details about Elliott's sudden departure, citing personnel privacy, though the school's parent group called it a “forced resignation.”
On Friday morning, Elliott issued a statement saying they were given the choice of being fired or resigning because they hadn't finished their teacher evaluations from the past school year.
Elliott said they made a serious mistake by not completing the evaluations, but they were saddened that, after 15 years as a principal in good standing, that the district “finds severing employment the only course of action.”
They said they had contacted an attorney, and was given more time to decide whether to be fired or resign.
They said they told Pritchett, their supervisor, last spring that they were behind in completing the evaluations, but no completion date was set. On Oct. 12, they said, they were called into the district's central office and told Assistant Superintendent Michael Tolley they were still working on them. Four days later, they said, they were asked to leave or be fired.
“I feel a tremendous responsibility for allowing this to happen,” they wrote in the statement. They asked Queen Anne families to support the interim principal who is replacing him. They also asked the district to apologize to the school's staff and families for how they handled the situation.
The parent group said Thursday it plans to call for Elliott's reinstatement.
“David is the heart and soul of our school community,” the group wrote in a news release. “He is the reason we parents send our children here, the reason why children love to study here, and the reason why the teachers love to teach here. David is a visionary educator.”
Elliott has been praised for their role at the technology-focused option-school, which opened in 2010. They previously are principal at Coe Elementary School and began their teaching career 25 years ago, when they were 38.
“This was a late-in-life calling,” they wrote on the school's website. “Starting as a teacher at 38 years old is not really the norm. Sometimes the best things just take longer for some of us.”
Amy McCue Jessee, current assistant principal at Coe, will serve as interim principal at Queen Anne.  They are the former principal at Meridian Park Elementary School in Shoreline.
Whenever we post a moped it usually polarises our readers. You either love it or hate it, and you never hold back – that's why we love you guys. And when it comes to mopeds we don't really know anything about them. To be honest, I didn't even know what a batavus hs-50 was until I googled it. All I know about mopeds is that when I see one I like, it's usually a stripped back piece of rolling art. Like this stunning Batavus moped built by Nathan Kiehn and the guys at Motomatic. Their philosophy is pretty simple “we want to build bikes that have the nostalgia of the past, the power and performance of the present with a touch of reliability and style to them.” Sounds like a pretty good combination to me.
Over to Nathan to tell us about the build and a little more about Motomatic… “So I have been into mopeds since 2000 and started working on them for a living in 2006. I had heard about some moped racing going on in San Jose that summer and went to check it out. That day I met Mike Rafter (ex pro skateboarder) and they asked me to build them a moped. It took another year until it was finished and “step your game up” is what I came up with. The bike started out as a batavus hs-50. I made the motor mounts, rear end and seat. At the time I only had an oxy acetylene welder so all of the welding on this bike was done with that. I bent all of the tubing with a vice and torch. There is no body filler on the frame and I did all of the powdercoating also. I built the wheels out of parts from 4 different bikes and trued them myself. The only things I didn't do on that bike are cover the seat and paint the tank.
Mike and I became friends and we decided to start Motomatic together in late 2007. Moto Matic Mopeds specializes in custom mopeds and hand made moped parts. In June 2011 Mike got a different job and left moto matic so now it's just me. It can get a bit overwhelming at times but I love building custom bikes and parts. I have always liked small vehicles and there is something about mopeds that appeals to me more than motorcycles. When I build a bike I try to upgrade anything I can and still keep the look of a moped.”
So you like what you see? Got you thinking about buying a little moped as a side project? It's ok, you can tell us…
[To see more from Motomatic, check out this sweet little vid]
Valentine's day? Oh please. Not only is this hallmark holiday designed to guilt geeks into parting ways with beaucoup dollars, it also separates us from the things we really love — our gadgets. Screw that. Here are 10 items we'd really love to spend quality time with on the 14th day of February. —Daniel Dumas and Jose Fermoso
1. Ferrari 599 GTB Fiorano
Until Virgin Galactic gets its ass in gear, this is the closest most of us mortals will get to blasting off into space. Powered by 611 ponies with a power-to-weight ratio of less than 5.8 lbs/hp, the Fiorano can do 0-60 in only 3.7 seconds. That's faster than a Kawasaki Ninja 500R. Yes, it's quicker than a motorcycle. Believe us when you're hitting 205 mph on some a backcountry road you'll forget that conversation you had with the checkout girl at Safeway who said “I just want to be friends.” Of course, if you're driving around in one of these, you probably won't have a hard time scoring a date anyway.
Price: $260,000 (est)
Cost: People calling you a douche bag behind your back
Get it: In Italy
2. XEL-1 OLED from Sony
11-inch screen? Ridiculously expensive? Whateva! What really matters is that this Organic Light Emitting Diode produces an incredible 1,000,000:1 contrast ratio, blacks darker than Dick Cheney's soul, and images so realistic, you'll swear you're an extra on the set of Lost. The best part? This OLED is not a vaporware pipedream. You can waltz right into a Sony store and pick one up right now.
Price: $2500
Cost: You paid $227 per inch of screen space. Think about it.
Get it at: Did you hear us? Any Sony store that has it in stock
__3. Wow Wee FemiSapien __
Yes, your relationship with this ‘droid may violate every single law of robotics. (And probably some state and federal penal codes too.)
But seriously, who cares? The FemiSapien is just like a robosapien, except it's poured into a hot-as-hell Barbie doll chassis. What you do with it behind closed doors, however, is your own business.
Price: TBA
Cost: Once you go bot, meat space girls just aren't hot.
Get it: wowwee.com
__4. Xbox 360 Elite + Mass Effect __
The dissolution of many relationships can be traced back to affairs with this black box. Not to worry, even after your S.O. has thrown all your stuff on the curb, you can still sooth your shattered psyche with
Mass Effect, a wholly immersive shooter that features stunning graphics, an open ended plot line, and hot human on alien love action.
Price: $60 for game, $450 for console
Cost: Past/ future girlfriends, hygiene, job
Get it at: xbox.com
5. The Chumby
Yes, you hate your alarm clock. You kinda sort-of chucked it through a window when the snooze button malfunctioned. Time to get something you actually won't mind waking up next to in the morning.
Give the Chumby a shot. This device streams personal music channels, monitors your Facebook page, and can directly access your Flickr and
Picasa photo net services. And it's only $200. Hey that's cheaper than a 5-course, super-expensive small-plate meal at some hoity-toity bistro.
Price: $200
Cost: Getting out of bed on time for once
Get it at: chumby.com
6. Olympus E3 with 50-200mm F2.8-3.5 SWD telephoto lens
Sure they might try to fool you with a restraining order, but your crush is really just playing hard to get. See what she's up to with this 10mp shooter that fires off pictures in RAW (12-bit), JPEG, RAW+JPEG
formats. And the 200mm telescoping lens ensures you can safely squeeze off frames from the comfort of those bushes across the street.
Price: $1700 for camera
Cost: An all expense paid trip to county!
Get it: olympus.com
7. The Panasonic 150-inch Plasma TV
What's better than basking in the warm basking glow of TVs warms basking glow? Why the warm basking glow of a TV the size of Andorra! Revealed at CES 2008, this Kong-sized 150-inch plasma screen has 4 times the resolution of any current Panasonic TV. Oh yeah, did we mention it's the size of almost three Danny DeVitos?
Price: $150,000
Cost: Ruined credit after you default on the third payment
Get it: panasonic.com, Bill Gates' house
__8. Lib tech Skate Banana Board __
Screw going to the movies, make a date with a mountain instead. This yellow stick uses what's called a reverse camber rocker to put more surface of the board on the mountain. What does this translate to? In deep powder, the Banana carves harder than a Boston Market employee on a smoked rump roast.
Price: $469
Cost: Multiple concussions
Get it: lib-tech.com
__
__
__
__
9. Sony Mylo 2
It's got games. It's got Wi-Fi access. It's got IM capability. It's cute! Guess what it doesn't have? A phone! Is that a problem? No, because if you're rocking one of these, you're probably not into getting numbers anyway.
Price: $300
Cost: Carrying a cell phone-like device that's not actually a cell phone
Get it: sonyusa.com
10. DB Double Truffle Burger
Got your heart broken? Fill that dark empty void with some cholesterol-saturated red meat. Sure this is not exactly a gadget, but there is nothing more instinctively satisfying than a ground prime rib burger, injected with red wine-braised short ribs, sprinkled with foie gras, and smattered with preserved black truffles. Chef Daniel Boulud's monster creation is so good; you won't mind the 6-week coma the monstrosity will undoubtedly put you in.
Price: $150
Cost: Three rounds with a defibrillator
Get it: at db Bistro Moderne, New York City and Daniel Boulud Brasserie in Las Vegas
Sen. Chuck Grassley Charles (Chuck) Ernest GrassleyOvernight Health Care: Drug execs set for grilling | Washington state to sue over Trump rule targeting Planned Parenthood | Wyoming moves closer to Medicaid work requirements Senate reignites blue slip war over Trump court picks Lower refunds amplify calls to restore key tax deduction MORE (R-Iowa) is calling on the Justice Department to appoint a special counsel to investigate the Uranium One deal that gave a Russian-owned company partial control of U.S. atomic energy resources in 2010.
"Whoever in DOJ is capable [with] authority to appoint a special counsel [should] do so to investigate Uranium One 'whoever' means if [you] aren't recused," Grassley tweeted Tuesday night.
Whoever in DOJ is capable w authority to appoint a special counsel shld do so to investigate Uranium One "whoever" means if you'ren't recused — ChuckGrassley (@ChuckGrassley) October 24, 2017
The FBI already has one special counsel — former FBI Director Robert Mueller is leading the investigation of Russian meddling in the 2016 presidential election.
The Senate Judiciary Committee announced last week that it was opening an inquiry into the Uranium One sale.
The House Oversight and Intelligence panels on Tuesday also announced a joint investigation that will look into how the Justice Department handled the deal, which sold more than 20 percent of the U.S. uranium supply to the Russian nuclear giant Rosatom.
ADVERTISEMENT
The congressional committee interest in the matter comes after The Hill reported Sunday that the FBI had been leading a criminal investigation into allegations that the Russians used racketeering and other corrupt schemes to influence the American nuclear industry during the time the uranium deal was in the process of being approved.Rep. Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, said the panel has “been looking into this for a while now,” but the report ultimately convinced them to open a formal inquiry."One of the things that you know we're concerned about is whether or not there was an FBI investigation," Nunes said. "Was there a DOJ investigation? If so, why was Congress not informed of this matter?"The sale of the Canadian mining company to Russia's Atomic Energy Agency, Rosatom, required the approval of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, which includes representatives from several federal agencies, including the State Department.At the time,was secretary of State.Clinton on Monday called the new interest in the uranium deal “baloney” in a C-SPAN interview, suggesting President Trump and their administration are trying to distract from the ongoing Russia probe.
Feral One: An Interview with Firestone Walker's Barrelworks Barrelmeister, Jeffers Richardson
March 8th is going to be a big day for Firestone Walker. In fact, you may just say that the “wild chicken has come home to roost!”
Barrelworks, Firestone's dedicated wild yeast facility that launched in 2013, is unleashing its very first wild beer into the public. Aptly titled Feral One, this sour is a blend of a number of Firestone's wild concoctions all aged in American and French oak barrels. The man behind this release is Jeffers Richardson, a beer industry veteran who started 18 years ago as Firestone's first brewmaster, and who subsequently spent a number of years at various other gigs (including a six-year stint at Sierra Nevada), but has now returned to head up this very exciting project.
“18 years ago, we offered two beers—both pale ales,” said Richardson about the changes that have taken place between their early days with Firestone, and their recent return. “The craft beer segment has expanded from 2% of beer consumption to roughly 8%. Firestone Walker has a portfolio of beers we offer now that covers a wide spectrum. I am thrilled by that! In the early days—Firestone's “Barbary Coast” days—we struggled with a jalopy brew house, a shoe-string budget, some quality control issues, and an inability to distribute effectively outside of the Central Coast (of California).”
“Now we have a state-of-the-art brewhouse, top-notch quality control program, the most talented brewmaster I know—Matt Brynildson—and distribution in 8 states (75% of our beer, I might add, is sold within a 5 hour radius of our brewery). It didn't happen overnight—it's been incremental, hard work, and a lesson in endurance, but our dedication and passion for making the best beer possible has never changed. In fact, It has gotten better.”
This quest for the best possible beer, one might presume, has been the reason that Firestone has been able to expand into a new 7,000 square foot facility and pursue a program entirely devoted to wild/sour beer. This, even despite the fact that the market for sours is still really small.
“We do this because we like it!” says Richardson. “We cut our teeth on a barrel program—the Firestone Union—when we opened our doors, and continued to introduce more barrel programs because of our love of what happens in the barrel—the influence of time and oak—whether that's fermenting, aging, or introducing wild yeast and other microflora to the barrels. It's a very creative and satisfying art.”
Interestingly, the 7,000 square foot Barrelworks facility isn't located at (or even near) the main brewery in Paso Robles. It's 86 miles away in a town called Buellton – which, as Jeffers pointed out – was the original home of Firestone back in the day. “It made sense to come full circle and locate Barrelworks in the area where we began 18 years ago. Ironically, we were feverishly avoiding the making of wild beers in Buellton at that point, and with our return, we focus on it. This ‘wild' chicken has come home to roost!”
So, how has everything been shaking out so far for Jeffers and the Barrelworks team? And what should we expect in the months/years to come?
“Last year was a lesson in patience,” says Richardson. “We spent more time filling barrels than we did emptying them. This was to be expected as we grew our program, but it takes time to go through a secondary fermentation and maturation period with our wild beers. Often, the barrels tell us when the beer is ready, and fortunately, we have a very creative and talented “barrel whisperer” in Jim Crooks, our Barrelworks Master Blender.”
“This year, some of our patience—and Jim's “whispering” will pay off! We plan at least six releases of both bottles and kegs for 2014. I'm very excited about our first release—a cuvee or blend celebrating our first year in existence—called Feral One. It's a blend of four different Barrelworks beers aged between 18-32 months in French and American oak barrels. We only produced 500 cases.”
The other releases (that Jeffers didn't mention in detail) will follow in subsequent months. But all of Barrelworks releases will be extremely limited. At least for the foreseeable future, all bottles will be sold only at Firestone's facilities, including their future planned campus in Venice Beach, CA. “As we literally had to fill, cork and cage these offerings by hand, we have a very limited supply,” says Richardson. “But we will beg these beers as well, and they will trickle out into the market for beer events, festivals, etc. Paramount to us is making extraordinary beer, not just a lot of beer. We are very happy with the beers that we have lined up for this year, so if our customers enjoy them, we will probably ratchet up the supply a little.”
I asked Jeffers if we might be seeing any of Barrelworks releases in Massachusetts in the near future, and to my pleasant surprise, they confirmed that the first opportunity to taste their creations will be at Beer Advocate's upcoming Extreme Beer Fest. “I lived in Boston for three years,” said Richardson. “You have no idea how thrilled I am that I can visit Beantown and get a fresh Firestone Walker beer. It makes me feel at home. Better yet, will be the day I enjoy one of our Barrelworks beers in Massachusetts. Soon.”
And to that I say, I can't wait! Knowing the capabilities of Firestone Walker, and Jeffers Richardson, I have a feeling these Barrelworks beers are going to be very special.
A big thanks to Jeffers for taking time from their busy travel schedule to answer a few questions.
Lawyers for the Justice Department are fighting disclosing an immunity deal made with a former Hilary Clinton aide. | AP Photo DOJ asks to keep secret Clinton aide's immunity deal Lawyers for the Justice Department say the deal's disclosure could hurt FBI probe into Clinton's private email server.
Lawyers for the Justice Department are fighting the disclosure of an immunity deal the government reached with Bryan Pagliano, a former technology adviser to Hillary Clinton.
The DOJ lawyers submitted a motion to U.S. District Court Judge Emmet Sullivan on Friday, arguing that such a disclosure could hurt the FBI probe into Clinton's private email server.
Story Continued Below
The filing argues that the judge can use their “inherent discretion” to keep under wraps the immunity agreement, if the court demands to view it as part of Freedom of Information Act suit filed by Judicial Watch, a conservative group.
The lawyers also state that "releasing Mr. Pagliano's agreements with the United States could prematurely reveal the scope and focus of the pending investigation."
Pagliano was scheduled to be deposed on Monday in the case, which is seeking details of Clinton's use of a private email server while they served as secretary of state, but they are seeking to assert their Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination.
In the judge's order delaying the testimony, Sullivan ordered Pagliano to file a legal explanation justifying their planned assertion as well as a copy of an immunity agreement under which they reportedly gave testimony to the FBI, which is probing Clinton's unusual email set-up.
In the filing on Friday, lawyers for the Justice Department argued that “there is no dispute before the Court that requires it to review the documents constituting Mr. Pagliano's agreements with the United States.”
They go on to state, “If the Court nonetheless determines that it is necessary for it to review the agreements, the Court should review them ex parte and under seal.”
The lawyers argued that the immunity agreements “relate to an ongoing law enforcement investigation” and that “the Government would be prejudiced by disclosure.”
"The FBI cannot publicly disclose the specific focus, scope, or potential targets of any such investigation without adversely affecting the investigation," the filing states.
Any public disclosure of Pagliano's immunity agreement could also exact further damage on Clinton's presidential campaign because it carries implications that someone involved may have committed a crime, although no one has been charged.
Dogecoin price action in the last 24 hours is enough to send shivers down the spines of even the best of traders. I had discussed in my earlie analysis that the price structure has turned in favor of the sellers and that volatility will rock the market participants again. Both the things seemed to have played out convincingly as the price stooped to a low of 39.8 satoshis – almost retesting the March lows of 38.9 satoshis – before rising sharply back up to threaten 50 satoshis.
Each Dogecoin is currently worth 49.8 satoshis.
Image: https://www.tradingview.com/x/97MF4rvf/
Amid this volatility, let us find out if Dogecoin has undergone a materialistic change. The 240-minute Dogecoin/Bitcoin price chart has been presented above.
Chart Structure – The chart structure still supports bears as the bulls fail to cross two major resistance levels – the 20-4h simple moving average and the New Resistance (both marked in the chart above). Each and every attempt at scaling these two mountains has been suppressed by profit booking and fresh shorting. It must also be observed that Dogecoin hit a fresh 1-month low of 39.8 satoshis, breaking below the previous supports of 43 satoshis (marked above), which clearly indicates that bears are holding the aces in this game.
Relative Strength Index – The RSI reading of 53.3033 indicates that the bulls are regaining strength, however, it must be added that the reading might be ‘misleading' given that the resistance levels still hold.
High volatility has made it terribly difficult for short-term traders to manage their positions efficiently. Hence, market participants may choose to stay out of the market until volatility settles. Those interested in trading are advised to stay on the short side by maintaining a strict stop-loss above 50 satoshis (closing basis). Huge losses may incur, so position wisely and stay alert!
Despite plunging donations and enrollment figures, the University of Missouri has begun an independent audit “of its diversity and inclusion policies.” The cost: $1.1 million.
Largely as a result of the racial strife on its campus this past year, the school estimates that the new first-year student class will be 1,470 students smaller, the smallest since 2006.
The Mizzou athletic department had to deal with an over 24% drop in donations in the three months that followed last year's football player strike. On the academic side, Mizzou's largest month for donations, December, witnessed a $6 million decline.
But somehow, there is over $1 million on hand to find out still more about … diversity.
The Missourian reports:
The UM System expects to spend $2 million on a series of diversity initiatives created by the UM System Board of Curators last November. Since November, the UM System has hired a chief diversity officer and created a systemwide task force for diversity, equity and inclusion.
Focus groups and individual interviews will be conducted with students, faculty, staff and administrators at all four UM System campuses and the system level, according to the release. The audit will also include surveys and a review of policies, practices and procedures as they relate to diversity and inclusion.
RELATED: Mizzou is mulling a ban on protest camps under decades-old rule
Interim UM System President Michael Middleton said in the release that the audit will help administrators understand where the system stands compared to peer institutions and best practices in higher education. “Our goal is to conduct a critical and honest assessment so we can strengthen and coordinate our approach to diversity, equity and inclusion across the UM System,” Middleton said in the release.
Perhaps part of that “honest assessment” could be listening to people like Professor Brian Brooks, an associate dean emeritus of the University of Missouri School of Journalism who oversees minority student recruitment. Earlier this month in an interview with Heat Street they said
that they had talked to many of their black students, including those from poor neighborhoods. The vast majority told them they had not encountered widespread racism on campus. Some reported isolated incidents, Brooks said, but “just like anywhere else.” “My sense is we had made a lot of progress on this campus in making it a friendlier environment for African-American students,” Brooks said. “So it was painful to someone like me, who's spent the last 25 years trying to make this a more welcome place. [Last fall] so many mistakes were made by so many people, and when this happened, it just got blown out of proportion. … I think a lot of students were stunned by what went on, and would say this was [led by] a small group of malcontents.”
Read the full Missourian and Heat Street articles.
RELATED: Black activists' demands are ‘against state and federal law,' Mizzou's diversity czar says
RELATED: Mizzou race activists blast university for hiring more diversity administrators
Like The College Fix on Facebook / Follow us on Twitter
IMAGE: minusequalsplus/Flickr
The University of California, San Diego student left in a federal holding cell for days without food and water has filed a $20 million lawsuit against the government.
Daniel Chong, 23, was picked up in a Drug Enforcement Administration raid April 21. After questioning him, agents told them that they would not be charged and to hang tight in the holding cell until they finished the paperwork to release him.
They spent four days forgotten in a cell before agents finally let them out. Chong said they survived by drinking their own urine. They were treated in the hospital for dehydration, kidney failure, cramps and a perforated esophagus. They had lost 15 pounds.
Chong's attorneys filed the claim on Wednesday against the federal agency, saying their treatment constitutes torture under U.S. and international law.
Chong told The Associated Press that they screamed and kicked to door of their 5-by-10-foot cell for hours. Then, as the days dragged on, they realized they were trapped and began to hallucinate.
"I pretty much lost my mind," they told the AP.
Finally after four days, agents opened the door on a fluke and were bewildered to see Chong, covered in their own feces. They said one agent asked: "Where'd you come from?
Law enforcement experts say the incident was one of the worst cases of its kind.
Republican Congressman Duncan Hunter sent a letter to DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart saying the treatment of Chong raises concerns about the agency's handling and monitoring of individuals in custody.
Hunter is demanding a full account of Chong's incarceration, the process currently in place for holding individuals suspected of unlawful activity and the steps that the DEA is taking to address this matter in its entirety.
"The situation involving Chong may in fact be an isolated incident," Hunter wrote. "Regardless, my concern is that this situation could also be a symptom of a bigger problem, with errors in procedure and oversight possibly extending to the division's law enforcement function."
Chong told the AP that their ordeal started after they went to their friend's house on April 20 to get high, part of a national, annual countercultural ritual on that date.
Chong spent the night there, and the next morning, agents stormed into the house. The raid netted 18,000 ecstasy pills, other drugs and weapons. Nine people, including Chong, were taken into custody, according to the DEA.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption Students are paying more for their university education in England than ever before
There has been a call for an urgent inquiry into problems at the Student Loans Company which led to the suspension of its chief executive.
Shadow Universities Minister Gordon Marsden said the firm was near "meltdown" and urged the Universities Minister to address the problems.
The Department for Education suspended Steve Lamey in July without saying why.
A DfE spokesperson defended the student loans system and said Jo Johnson would respond in due course.
In early July, a statement from the DfE said: "The Student Loans Company, in consultation with the Department for Education, took the decision to suspend the chief executive, pending an investigation into concerns which have been raised.
"The suspension is a neutral act and does not imply wrongdoing.
"As the matters leading to suspension are now subject to an independent investigation, it would be inappropriate to comment further at this time."
'Overpayments'
But this week, Mr Marsden wrote to Mr Johnson, asking them to clarify the details around the suspension and the nature of the associated investigation.
They told the BBC: "Whilst the full details have yet to become clear, the Student Loans Company appears to be approaching a situation of meltdown.
"There needs to be an urgent, substantial inquiry into all aspects of the way they operate with HMRC."
Their letter continues: "This worrying situation has been compounded by an ongoing stream of accounts over the past few months in the media, and based on numerous individual stories appearing, of the inadequacies of the Student Loans Company to properly administer student loans and specifically repayments."
They highlighted that the number of student loan customers who had overpaid their debts rose to 86,000 in 2015-16, from 52,000 in 2009-10.
And they asked Mr Johnson to set out what steps they and their officers were taking to address the issue.
They called for a review of the system of communications between HMRC and the company, after reports that the SLC was only getting salary information on borrowers at the end of the tax year.
This is thought to have led to more overpayments by customers than may have been necessary.
'Pressures'
They wrote: "The deteriorating situation suggests that there are significant management pressures at the SLC, both in processing this information and then in rectifying overpayments.
"So are you able to give assurances that there will be no further cuts in staffing resource or capacity at the SLC?"
A spokesperson for the DfE defended the student loans system, which debits money directly from earnings through the tax system, saying it was fair.
The spokesperson said: "No borrower need overpay their loan.
"The SLC gives all borrowers the option to repay by direct debit two years before they are due to repay their loan and borrowers who take up this option will not overpay."
Any borrower who believes they have overpaid should contact the SLC as soon as possible.
Mr Marsden pointed out that the problems at the firm come at a time when some students leave university with debts of up to £57,000.
They also raised the issue of graduates facing the prospect of paying 6.1% on their student loans while the Bank of England base rate is 0.25%.
The interest rate is due to rise soon from 4.6%.
They said that, without action, the confidence of existing graduates and future students would continue to erode, to the detriment of the sector.
Camelopardalis is a large but faint constellation of the northern sky representing a giraffe. The constellation was introduced in 1612 or 1613 by Petrus Plancius.[3] Some older astronomy books give Camelopardalus or Camelopardus as alternative spellings of the name, but the official version recognized by the International Astronomical Union is Camelopardalis.
Etymology [ edit ]
First attested in English in 1785, the word camelopardalis comes from Latin,[4] and it is the romanization of the Greek "καμηλοπάρδαλις" meaning "giraffe",[5] from "κάμηλος" (kamēlos), "camel"[6] + "πάρδαλις" (pardalis), "leopard",[7] because it has a long neck like a camel and spots like a leopard.
Features [ edit ]
The constellation Camelopardalis as it can be seen by the naked eye.
Stars [ edit ]
Although Camelopardalis is the 18th largest constellation, it is not a particularly bright constellation, as the brightest stars are only of fourth magnitude. In fact, it only contains four stars below (brighter than) magnitude 5.0.
Other variable stars are U Camelopardalis, VZ Camelopardalis, and Mira variables T Camelopardalis, X Camelopardalis, and R Camelopardalis. RU Camelopardalis is one of the brighter Type II Cepheids visible in the night sky.
In 2011 a supernova was discovered in the constellation.[11]
Deep-sky objects [ edit ]
Camelopardalis is in the part of the celestial sphere facing away from the galactic plane. Accordingly, many distant galaxies are visible within its borders. NGC 2403 is a galaxy in the M81 group of galaxies, located approximately 12 million light-years from Earth with a redshift of 0.00043. It is classified as being between an elliptical and a spiral galaxy because it has faint arms and a large central bulge. NGC 2403 was first discovered by the 18th century astronomer William Herschel, who was working in England at the time. It has an integrated magnitude of 8.0 and is approximately 0.25° long.
NGC 1502 is a magnitude 6.9 open cluster about 3,000 light years from Earth. It has about 45 bright members, and features a double star of magnitude 7.0 at its center.[13] NGC 1502 is also associated with Kemble's Cascade, a simple but beautiful asterism appearing in the sky as a chain of stars 2.5° long that is parallel to the Milky Way and is pointed towards Cassiopeia. NGC 1501 is a planetary nebula located roughly 1.4° south of NGC 1502.
IC 342 is one of the brightest two galaxies in the IC 342/Maffei Group of galaxies. The dwarf irregular galaxy NGC 1569 is a magnitude 11.9 starburst galaxy, about 11 million light years away. NGC 2655 is a large lenticular galaxy with visual magnitude 10.1.
MS0735.6+7421 is a galaxy cluster with a redshift of 0.216, located 2.6 billion light-years from Earth. It is unique for its intracluster medium, which emits X-rays at a very high rate. This galaxy cluster features two cavities 600,000 light-years in diameter, caused by its central supermassive black hole, which emits jets of matter. MS0735.6+7421 is one of the largest and most distant examples of this phenomenon.
Tombaugh 5 is a fairly dim open cluster in Camelopardalis. It has an overall magnitude of 8.4 and is located 5,800 light-years from Earth. It is a Shapley class c and Trumpler class III 1 r cluster, meaning that it is irregularly shaped and appears loose. Though it is detached from the star field, it is not concentrated at its center at all. It has more than 100 stars which do not vary widely in brightness, mostly being of the 15th and 16th magnitude.
NGC 2146 is an 11th magnitude barred spiral starburst galaxy conspicuously warped by interaction with a neighbour.
MACS0647-JD, one of the possible candidates for the farthest known galaxies in the universe (z= 10.7), is also in Camelopardalis.
Meteor showers [ edit ]
The annual May meteor shower Camelopardalids from comet 209P/LINEAR have a radiant in Camelopardalis.
Space exploration [ edit ]
The space probe Voyager 1 is moving in the direction of this constellation, though it will not be nearing any of the stars in this constellation for many thousands of years, by which time its power source will be long dead.
History [ edit ]
Urania's Mirror, a set of constellation cards published in London c.1823. Above it are shown the now-abandoned constellations of [16] Camelopardalis as depicted in, a set of constellation cards published in London c.1823. Above it are shown the now-abandoned constellations of Tarandus and Custos Messium
Camelopardalis is not one of Ptolemy's 48 constellations in the Almagest.[17] It was created by Petrus Plancius in 1613. It first appeared in a globe designed by them and produced by Pieter van den Keere. One year later, Jakob Bartsch featured it in their atlas. Johannes Hevelius depicted this constellation in their works which were so influential that it was referred to as Camelopardali Hevelii or abbreviated as Camelopard. Hevel.
Part of the constellation was hived off to form the constellation Sciurus Volans, the Flying Squirrel, by William Croswell in 1810. However this was not taken up by later cartographers.[18]
Equivalents [ edit ]
In Chinese astronomy, the stars of Camelopardalis are located within a group of circumpolar stars called the Purple Forbidden Enclosure (紫微垣 Zǐ Wēi Yuán).
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations
References
Cyclists face earphone fines
Cyclists face €40 on-the-spot fines if they're caught using earphones while on a bike.
Minister Paschal Donohoe confirmed that although it is not a specific offence under road traffic legislation, using headphones could be seen as dangerous to other road users.
"I have made the offence of driving a pedal cycle without reasonable consideration a fixed charge offence," Mr Donohoe said in the Dail.
"All road users have a responsibility to behave in a way which is conducive to their safety and that of other road users.
"A cyclist that puts themselves or other road users at risk, by the use of headphones for example, could be considered to be driving without reasonable consideration."
Seven cycling offences come under the new fines system introduced in the summer by the Transport Minister.
The enforcement of this fixed charge offence would be a matter for An Garda Siochana, they added.
A representative for the Department of Transport confirmed to the Herald that the use of headphones by cyclists is not a specific offence under road traffic legislation. However, they said it is at the discretion of gardai to issue fixed notices.
"An Garda Siochana can issue a Fixed Charge Notice for cyclists who are driving without reasonable consideration. It is their call to make," they added.
Mr Donohoe was responding in the Dail in response to Labour junior minister Kevin Humphreys.
They said that some constituents had contacted in them relation to headphone-wearing cyclists in Dublin city centre during rush hour.
Volume
"They set their earphones at such a volume that they are not aware of their environs," Mr Humphreys said.
"This makes them a danger to themselves and to those around them, with possibly devastating consequences for all involved.
The Dublin Cycling Campaign's Keith Byrne told the Sunday Times said that they disagreed with claims that using earphones was dangerous.
"I know plenty of people who cycle with earphones on and they can still hear traffic while listening to music or drive-time radio," they said.
"Someone can legally drive while talking on their phone with their headsets plugged in.
"You could argue this caused the same level of distraction," they added.
Around 100 cyclists a month have received penalties for breaking red lights, cycling on footpaths and other offences since the measure was introduced in July.
Garda figures released at the beginning of this month found that 244 cyclists across the State were stopped by gardai and given fixed-charge penalty notices of €40 per incident, between mid-July and September 30 this year.
Last year, 16 cyclists lost their lives on the State's roads and seven have been killed so far in 2015.
The latest fatality occurred at the N22 road at Scart, Farranfore at approximately 11.15am yesterday.
A male cyclist in their 30s was fatally injured when they were involved in a collision with a car.
They were pronounced dead at the scene and their body removed to Kerry General Hospital. The driver and passenger of the car were not injured.
Gardai appealed for witnesses to contact Killarney Garda Station on 064-6671160, the Garda Confidential line on 1800 666 111 or any garda station.
A Royal Navy submariner who tried to pass secrets to the Russians that could have undermined the UK's national security has been jailed for eight years by an Old Bailey judge who condemned their attempted betrayal.
Edward Devenney, 30, had not realised that the two men to whom they were trying to give secret intelligence were not members of the Russian secret service, but agents working for MI5.
The trap ensured that Devenney did not pass any material that could have endangered Britain's nuclear submarine fleet, but Mr Justice Saunders said this was a serious case and that the petty officer, from Country Tyrone, Northern Ireland, needed to receive "a proper punishment".
"He did supply details of movements and operations carried out and to be carried out by nuclear submarines," they said.
"The court has to mark the defendant's attempted betrayal of not only their country but also their colleagues who must feel great anger at their behaviour."
Devenney had been in the Royal Navy for more than 11 years and had worked on three of the UK's four Trident submarines when they hatched their plan late 2011. They were not motivated by money, but by a sense of anger and betrayal that their career had stalled, the court was told.
At the time they were drinking heavily and had suffered bouts of depression following a court case in 2010 during which they had been accused of rape. Devenney was cleared.
The judge admitted the allegation had clearly affected Devenney's behaviour, but said that they were "completely in control of himself" by the time they had set up the meeting with the two "Russian" men in January this year. By then Devenney had already made a series of phone calls to the Russian embassy and had photographed code-breaking technology on board the Trident submarine HMS Vigilant using their girlfriend's mobile phone.
Mark Dennis, prosecuting, said Devenney was contacted by a man called Dimitri, a British agent who was posing as a Russian spy. At first Devenney appeared to have seen through the ruse, telling the agent: "Your accent sounds remarkably fake, like British intelligence."
But Devenney persevered and was introduced to another MI5 agent, who claimed their name was Vladimir.
Devenney agreed to meet them at the British Museum in central London on 28 January and accompanied the two agents to a nearby hotel room.
It was there Devenney disclosed details about the sailing dates of HMS Vigilant, which was due to travel to the west Atlantic for missile testing. They also had information about HMS Vengeance and a top-secret operation undertaken by HMS Trafalgar.
The court was told pictures they had taken were an "essential piece of the jigsaw" that would allow enemies to break navy codes used to communicate with Nato allies. The codes have been in use for decades and have yet to be compromised.
Dennis said disclosing sailing dates could allow enemies to record and identify the "unique signature" of British submarines.
"Once the signature is captured and identified, then that submarine has lost its most critical capability, namely the ability to be deployed covertly and without detection," they said.
During sentencing, the judge said Devenney had "made determined efforts to enter into an agreement to supply secret information to representatives of another country". They added: "The reason they later gave for their actions was that they wished to get their own back on the Royal Navy who they considered had treated them badly. The objective evidence is that the Royal Navy treated them well."
Devenney admitted collecting information about cryptography technology between 18 November last year and 7 March this year.
They also pleaded guilty to misconduct in a public office by "attempting to set up and continue a covert relationship with a foreign power with the intention to harm the Royal Navy".
Outside court, Devenney's lawyer Richard Cannon read a statement on their behalf.
"I am deeply sorry for the hurt and shame that I have brought on my family and loved ones," it said. "I deeply regret my actions and the effect they have had on the Submarine Service and colleagues."
Mari Reid, unit head for the CPS counter-terrorism division, said: "This was a classic story of betrayal.
"Edward Devenney was employed by the Royal Navy to protect this country from potential threats to our security. Instead, they pursued a course of conduct likely to put their country at risk."
Some things are hard to figure out, like the unusual building in a playground at David Crombie Park. It has yellow-tinged glass walls that are caked with grime. It seems to serve no obvious purpose, other than as a storage facility for junk or a subject for debate among neighbours with varying theories about it.
An odd-looking structure with grime-caked windows serves no discernible purpose, except as a storage facility for junk. It's in David Crombie Park, on the south side of The Esplanade and has a connection to Market Lane Jr. and Sr. Public School, across the street. ( JACK LAKEY / TORONTO STAR )
Decals on the glass panels indicate that it is Toronto District School Board property. So why is it in a city park and why has it been allowed to become a run-down eyesore? We dug into it and found the answers below ground, and quite different than you might think. Karen Newton emailed to say it has for many years been a conversation piece for people living in the area, who think it has outlived its usefulness, if it ever had any value.
Article Continued Below
“The structure is used to store garbage (and) is never emptied,” said Newton, adding, “it has sat there unused for I would say over 10 years” and should be torn down. According to local lore, “it was supposed to be an exit for an underground tunnel to the school across the road. I believe it cost millions of dollars to build. It was never used, due to flooding. “The sidewalk is well used by people going to and from the Distillery District. What must they be thinking about an enormous plastic garbage container, yellowed but clear enough to see all the garbage within?” We found it exactly as described by Newton, directly across the street from the Market Lane Jr. and Sr. Public School. So we went into the school and found a staffer who confirmed that an underground passageway runs between the school and the structure. When the school was built, they said they wanted kids to be able to get to the playground on the south side of The Esplanade without dodging traffic. A passageway that connects to a staircase in the playground structure was constructed, but they said it was soon shut down when water began leaking into it.
The tunnel was never reopened, which is why the glass-walled building was never put to its intended use as an entrance and exit, and has taken on an air of neglect, they said. STATUS: Ryan Bird, a spokesperson for the TDSB, sent us an email confirming its use as an exit and entrance to the Market Lane passageway. “It was used for a brief time prior to leaks developing, at which point it stopped being used. The tunnel is currently on the school's list of needed repairs, but it is not urgent and will likely not be addressed in the near future,” they said, noting the school board's $3.4 billion repair backlog. “In the meantime, staff will be taking a look at the tunnel to determine if it is even necessary. Students currently cross the street to the park with the help of a crossing guard.” What's broken in your neighbourhood? Wherever you are in Greater Toronto, we want to know. To contact us, go to thestar.com/yourtoronto/the_fixer or call us at 416-869-4823 email jlakey@thestar.ca . To read our blog, go to thestar.com/news/the_fixer . Report problems and follow us on Twitter @TOStarFixer.
by Paul Kennedy @pkedit, Jan 26, 2013
[HEXAGONAL COUNTDOWN] A week before they must assemble the U.S. national team for its Hexagonal opener at Honduras, Coach Jurgen Klinsmann has one eye on the players they are preparing for Tuesday's game against Canada and another on their players based abroad, where the news is mixed. Jozy Altidore and Clint Dempsey are on fire, and Maurice Edu and Jose Torres are playing again, but the news is bad out of Germany, where Steve Cherundolo and Fabian Johnson are sidelined with knee injuries, Danny Williams appears to have lost their starting job, and Jermaine Jones is just now completing their latest suspension.
Probably nothing is most worrying than the state of the backline, where the first-choice outside backs, Cherundolo and Johnson, did not suit up this weekend because of injuries, and Carlos Bocanegra and Clarence Goodson, the starters at center back at the start of the semifinal round of qualifying, are both playing for last-place teams.
The only foreign-based center back whose stock has risen in the last year is Geoff Cameron, and he's playing for Stoke City ... at right back.
Assuming Cherundolo and Johnson are unavailable, the likely starters at outside back are Timmy Chandler and Edgar Castillo, neither of whom has ever played for the USA in World Cup qualifying.
If Cherundolo and Johnson can't play, Klinsmann is likely to call up 17 foreign-based players -- probably the lone question mark would be Torres -- leaving just six spots for the players they have had in camp at the Home Depot Center for the trip to San Pedro Sula.
Two spots are likely to go Graham Zusi and Eddie Johnson, who started the last two qualifiers. Another will go to the No. 3 keeper, leaving just three spots up for grabs, either three defenders or two defenders and a midfielder.
√ = likely callups for Honduras game
Goalkeepers:
√ Brad Guzan (can't complain about a lack of action)
Aston Villa (17th/20 teams in English Premier League)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Tim Howard (recorded shutouts in last two EPL games)
Everton (5th/20 teams in English Premier League)
Defenders:
√ Carlos Bocanegra (missed two games after holidays: visa snafu)
Racing Santander (22th/22 teams in Spanish Segunda Division)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Geoff Cameron (starting regularly ... at right back)
Stoke City (10th/20 teams in English Premier League)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Edgar Castillo (move to Xolos resurrected career)
Tijuana (tied 1st/18 teams in Mexican Liga MX)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Timmy Chandler (had concussion scare last week)
Nuremberg (tied 14th/18 teams in German Bundesliga)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Steve Cherundolo (sidelined since break with knee pain)
Hannover 96 (10th/18 teams in German Bundesliga)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Fabian Johnson (injured knee in practice this past week)
Hoffenheim (tied for 16th/18 teams in German Bundesliga)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Clarence Goodson (rejected move to Turkey's Orduspor)
Broendby (12th/12 teams in Danish Superliga -- on winter break)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Oguchi Onyewu (Diego Lugano's arrival drops them further down depth chart)
Malaga (tied for 4th/20 teams in Spanish Liga)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Michael Parkhurst (hasn't played since move to Germany)
Augsburg (tied for 16th/18 teams in German Bundesliga )
Midfielders:
√ Michael Bradley (playing well, but Roma has been inconsistent)
Roma (8th/20 teams in Italian Serie A)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Joe Corona (returned to starting lineup after shoulder injury)
Tijuana (tied for 1st/18 teams in Mexican Liga MX)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Maurice Edu (starting in place of Alfred N'Diaye, sold to Sunderland)
Bursaspor (tied for 6th/18 teams in Turkish Super Lig)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Jermaine Jones (suspension ended with Saturday's game)
Schalke 04 (tied for 6th/18 teams in German Bundesliga)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Sacha Kljestan (Anderlecht has won 11 straight league games)
Anderlecht (1st/18 teams in Belgian Jupiler League)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Danny Williams (lost starting job as two new DMs were just brought in)
Hoffenheim (tied for 16th/18 teams in German Bundesliga)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Jose Torres (settling in nicely at Tigres)
Tigres (tied for 1st/18 teams in Mexican Liga MX)
Forwards:
√ Jozy Altidore (15 goals are second in Eredivisie)
AZ (9th/18 teams in Dutch Eredivisie)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Terrence Boyd (9 goals tied for team lead)
Rapid Vienna (3rd/10 teams in Austrian Bundesliga -- on winter break)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Clint Dempsey (scored 4 goals in last 4 games)
Tottenham (3rd/20 teams in English Premier League)
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
√ Herculez Gomez (started every game in Torneo Clausura)
Santos (tied for 5th/18 teams in Mexican Liga MX)
Note: Standings through Sunday games.
How Do I Make My Own Logo?
To make a logo, use your favorite image editor, e.g., GIMP or Photoshop, and create a new image with a transparent background. For the splash screen logo, the size has to be 300 x 160 pixels, whereas the pilot logo is 240 x 60 pixels. The example on the right shows the "New Image" dialog in GIMP for a splash screen logo. Note how the size has been set to 300 x 160 and "Fill with" is set to "Transparency", which creates an image with a transparent background.
After creating a blank image, you need to edit the pixels. The OSD can only display black and white pixels, so make sure to only use black and white. All other colors are automatically converted to black, white, or transparent when you upload the image. So it may not look like you expect if you use other colors.
In the following, we create a simple logo with just some text. First, write some text in black using the text tool. Make sure that "antialiasing" is disabled, so you will only get black pixels.
To make text or graphical elements better visible in the OSD, it is a good idea to surround black elements with white pixels and vice versa. To do so for the simple text image, use the "Select by Color" tool to select the black pixels, grow the selection by a few pixels (Select -> Grow in the menu). Next, subtract the black pixels from the selection by pressing CTRL and clicking on the black pixels. This results in only the boundary being selected, which can then be filled with white pixels using the "Bucket Fill" tool.
Naturally, there are many ways to create your image. You may also want to zoom in a set single pixel to black or white, or delete them until the logo looks good. When you do so, make sure to use a "hard brush" so you can toggle pixels between black and white and don't get gray scale values.
Finally, save the image as a PNG file. Other image formats, such as JPEG etc are not supported.
Johnny Sexton hopes to have their contract situation sorted out in the next few weeks amid growing speculation that they may remain with Racing Metro 92 in France for at least a third season.
The 29-year-old began their second campaign with the big-spending Paris club in splendid fashion last weekend, landing a late match-winning penalty away to Montpellier minutes after tying up the match in another flawless four from four kicking display to win 19-16.
The outhalf confirmed during Ireland's two-match tour to Argentina in June that they had the option of a third season with Racing Metro.
They and their wife Laura remained in Paris during the summer where their first child, Luca, was born.
Irish coach Joe Schmidt, who has made no secret of their desire to get Sexton back to Ireland, met them during the recent Women's World Cup in France.
Sexton said they hope to have their future wrapped up in the next few weeks, without indicating whether they will remain in Paris or return to Dublin.
‘Living abroad'
“We'll see what happens in the next couple of weeks. I think it will obviously be sorted out sooner rather later.
“I think everyone knows where I stood after, with the interviews that I gave when I left so I will see what happens,” they said.
Racing Metro will be extremely anxious to hold on to the Lion not least as most games in the Top 14 are now decided by the quality of the kickers involved.
At the weekend Francois Trinh Duc missed three from five and Benoit Paillaugue also fluffed one as Montpellier landed just four from eight in contrast to Sexton's 100 per cent return.
Racing Metro president Jacky Lorenzetti greeted all their players personally in the tunnel after the game as they returned to the changing room and the affection they clearly had for their match-winner was plain for all to see.
Sexton themselves is more relaxed going into this season having enjoyed a good close season – well, as much as a new father can – and they fired up for the new season.
“I wouldn't say fresh, I wouldn't say I will ever get used to these mid-August games. Normally I would be halfway through my pre-season at home so, look, I had a small break. Obviously my wife gave birth during that break, I stayed in Paris for those four weeks and ended up doing a little bit of training to keep sane.
“So it wasn't a holiday as such but it was a good break, better than last year. I had four weeks physical preparation and probably could have done with a couple more considering the season I had last year, but you take what you get. Johan Goosen has come in this year, so I'm sure I won't be playing as much,” they added.
Busy season
“Last year was always going to be difficult in hindsight. Obviously we didn't say that at the time but we had 14 new players, all staff was new, half those new players didn't speak any French so it was always going to take time.
“You're walking on eggshells with guys you don't know, guys you're trying to build a relationship with. It was a bit of a disaster to be honest, the start of last season I played 14 games in a row straight after a Lions tour so it wasn't ideal for me either. Look, it's obviously started a little bit better now but we'll see. We've got to go forward, we got some big wins away from home and we haven't backed them up so that's obviously the next step for this team,” added Sexton.
(CNN) CNN's Anderson Cooper questioned Wednesday how President Donald Trump could say Susan Rice is the biggest story of the moment, just one day after the deadliest chemical gas attack Syria has seen in years.
"If so many things are described as the biggest, or the best, or the most -- how to tell what really is important to this president?" Cooper said.
Trump told the New York Times that former national security adviser Susan Rice may have committed a crime by requesting the names of Trump associates who were incidentally mentioned on intercepted communications during the Obama administration. The President offered no evidence to back up the allegation.
"I think the Susan Rice thing is a massive story," they told the newspaper . "I think it's a massive, massive story ... I think it's going to be the biggest story."
Cooper said that Trump's remarks came off as tone deaf a day after scores of civilians were killed in a suspected chemical attack in Syria.
"He was not talking about Syria, about the wholesale slaughter that has been going on for years now or about the chemical attack that took place just yesterday." Cooper said. "No, they were talking about Susan Rice."
"Now, whatever you think the former White House National Security Adviser has done wrong -- if in fact she's done anything wrong at all -- it's hard to imagine it could possibly amount to the biggest anything," Cooper continued. "Particularly on a day when the international community and the President themselves are coming to terms with the fact that at least 70 people were killed in a poison gas attack in Syria."
Trump addressed the attack in a news conference earlier Wednesday, saying that the attack "crossed a lot of lines" for him.
""These heinous actions by the Assad regime cannot be tolerated," Trump said from the Rose Garden. "The United States stands with our allies across the globe to condemn this horrific attack and all other horrific attacks, for that matter."
NBA rumors are swirling that New York Knicks President Phil Jackson has targeted Rajon Rondo and Jeremy Lin to run the team's offense next season, according to multiple reports.
The NBA franchise will be looking for veteran guards to run new head coach Jeff Hornacek's offense, and rumors suggest Phil Jackson prefers to focus on current Sacramento Kings guard Rajon Rondo and Charlotte Hornets veteran Jeremy Lin.
null
Rajon Rondo could become a free agent this season after signing a one-year, $9.5 million contract with the Sacramento Kings last season. Now, the guard is believed to be looking for a maximum contract according to several rumors. If the bidding should reach those heights, Sports Rageous is reporting that the NBA franchise would cut ties with the point guard.
Phil Jackson could see Rajon Rondo as a player who could help space out defenders and create opportunities for the New York Knicks stars Carmelo Anthony and Kristaps Porzingis. Rajon Rondo is known for their ability to drive to the basket, an important feature in the pick-and-roll offense Jeff Hornacek ran while with the Phoenix Suns, the New York Post reported.
null
If Phil Jackson decides to go with Rajon Rondo, they will already have the team's top player — Carmelo Anthony — on-board with that decision, according to Bleacher Report. While Phil Jackson hasn't commented on what offensive scheme will be used by the New York Knicks next season, Carmelo Anthony believes that if the triangle offense returns, Rajon Rondo could run it.
“I think Rondo — just me personally, I don't want to be tampering — but I've heard they said they wouldn't thrive in a system like this. I think he'd be perfect in a system like this.”
But Rajon Rondo isn't the only point guard Phil Jackson and the New York Knicks are looking at this summer. CBS Sports is reporting that Jeff Hornacek might push to bring Jeremy Lin into the fold, setting up a situation to repeat the Linsanity craze created by the New York media four seasons ago.
Jeremy Lin had a stellar season this year, their best since their time with the Knicks. While the Charlotte Hornet has insisted they prefer to stay with their current team, Phil Jackson could pry them away by luring them into the fast-paced offense they excelled in during Mike D'Antoni's time coaching them with the New York Knicks.
null
Besides the Charlotte Hornets, Phil Jackson and the New York Knicks may have to contend with Brooklyn Nets for Jeremy Lin, Sports Rageous reported earlier this month. NBA rumors have suggested that the Nets will make signing a point guard their top priority, which could also mean that Rajon Rondo could be in jeopardy of signing with the New York Knicks' cross-town rivals. Lin would make more sense for Brooklyn, however, because new coach Kenny Atkinson was on the staff when Jeremy played for the New York Knicks.
Currently, the New York Knicks have 34-year-old Jose Calderon and rookie Jerian Grant on the roster, but neither player is considered a viable starting option going forward, several NBA rumors have suggested. Phil Jackson could definitely upgrade the roster by signing either Jeremy Lin or Rajon Rondo for next season.
null
Hiring Jeff Hornacek shows that Phil Jackson may be willing to listen to others when it comes to free agent hires. By hiring a coach that doesn't run the triangle system — as Phil was expected to do — rumors are swirling that Jackson may be contemplating an exit from the New York Knicks. These same NBA rumors suggest that Phil Jackson may be looking at a reunion with longtime girlfriend Jeanie Buss and the Los Angeles Lakers, the Inquisitr previously reported.
What do you think about Phil Jackson and the New York Knicks focusing their free agency efforts on Rajon Rondo or Jeremy Lin to sure up the point guard position? Leave your thoughts in the comment section below.
[Photos by Mike Ehrmann & Ezra Shaw/Getty Images]
He's the guy who got them there, so why wouldn't they be the guy to keep them there?
Sindarius Thornwell capped a 20-point night with a free throw with 16 seconds left that was the clinching point in a 57-53 win over No. 19 Florida on Wednesday. The No. 24 Gamecocks remained in first place in the SEC and head to Rupp Arena Saturday to take on the SEC's only other undefeated team.
USC wasn't thinking of No. 5 Kentucky just yet. Wednesday was a night to celebrate a game that was often ugly and frequently galling – but there was nothing negative about a win.
“I was watching them on film and I had no idea how we were going to score. None,” coach Frank Martin said. “But we fought and fought and fought and battled foul trouble. Really, really proud of our guys.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The State
The Gamecocks won despite shooting 29.4 percent and leaving 11 points at the free-throw line. They won as Florida (14-4, 5-1 SEC) relentlessly drove the lane and with 55 fouls thrown around like Halloween candy.
But as Martin said after the win at Tennessee, it doesn't matter what it looked like or how it came about. It only matters that they won.
And this was a win that will look awfully nice in March, when the selection committee sits down to debate USC's résumé.
Now to keep polishing it.
“Lot of rumors going around that Florida and Kentucky are the only good teams in the conference, but we don't pay no attention,” Thornwell said. “We get one win, and we keep it moving.”
SHARE COPY LINK South Carolina men's basketball senior Sindarius Thornwell speaks after the team's 57-53 win over Florida at Colonial Life Arena.
The game between the best two defenses in the league was scoreless for the first five minutes and turnovers stacked up. When Chris Silva picked up their second foul early in the period, the Gators took advantage.
Kasey Hill couldn't be stopped going into the paint and when they began turning steals into layups, USC (15-3, 5-0) was in trouble. The Gamecocks limped to halftime, assessed the foul trouble and regrouped.
The Gators hit one field goal in the first 15 minutes of the second half as whistles tweeted a symphony. Neither team could hit free throws consistently – Florida was 15-for-28 while USC finished 23-for-34 – but the thinner Gators began to feel the crunch.
P.J. Dozier tied the score at 30 with two free throws and USC stretched the lead to six before the Gators fought back. Canyon Barry, the former College of Charleston star, began to take Hill's role by driving to the rim to keep it a one-shot game.
Thornwell got into the paint and was fouled for two shots, then watched Dozier soar for a layup.
“P.J., give them credit,” Martin said. “With the game on the line, they saw a crack and they were kind of sitting on the play and they saw their man kind of relax and they went.”
As Barry missed a 3-pointer with USC up four – breaking an incredible 850-game streak where Florida made at least one 3 – the Gamecocks got the carom, saw two seconds left on the clock … and that was it.
They have a defining win. They remain in first place.
Why stop there?
NOTE: Backup point guard Hassani Gravett missed the game because of illness. … Thornwell rose into 10th on USC's career scoring chart.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Oct. 7, 2010, 12:43 PM GMT By Melissa Dahl, NBC News
It would probably be best for Carol Bell if you didn't say anything clever when speaking to them Your sharp wit could temporarily paralyze them
The 67-year-old has a sleep disorder called cataplexy, which is a symptom of narcolepsy. (In other words, if you have narcolepsy, you don't necessarily have cataplexy. But if you have cataplexy, you definitely have narcolepsy.) For people with this condition, feeling a particular emotion causes them to briefly lose control of their muscles. For a few minutes, they're unable to move, although they're still conscious.
“People always ask me what it feels like,” says Bell, who lives in Edina, Minn., a suburb of Minneapolis. “I finally came up with an analogy: It's like I'm a marionette. When the strings are cut, the marionette falls to the stage. And that's exactly what it feels like. You no longer have control over your voluntary muscles.”
During the REM stage of sleep, our muscles are essentially paralyzed. "That's a good thing -- we probably don't really want to act out our dreams," explains Dr. Michel Cramer Bornemann, a medical director at the Hennepin County Medical Center in Minneapolis, Minn. (Bornemann works at the sleep center where Bell is treated, although they are not a patient of his.) They explain that although the neurological mechanisms aren't totally understood, in patients with cataplexy, a particularly strong feeling appears to trigger that REM muscle paralysis when they're awake.
Bornemann asked me what I thought was the emotion most likely to trigger a "drop attack." I figured it would be something strong or even visceral, so I guessed anger. Nope. It's laughter -- specifically, laughter caused by telling your own joke.
For Bell, it's one-liners in conversations that do them in. When they first discovered they had cataplexy, they say, "I avoided social situations for a while. I was fearful of going places where I wasn't well known," Bell says. Now, their circle of friends is smaller than it once was, but they're all used to their occasional collapses. They'll sometimes continue their game of cards over their temporarily frozen figure. "The standard line is, 'Get a chair! She's going down!'"
As they put it, “You have to make a decision: Do you spend the rest of your life isolated, staying out of situations that might make you laugh and cause you to tip over?”
Bornemann has more stories of patients with cataplexy that are too fascinating to leave unshared:
A septuagenarian who can't make it to the punch line of a joke without collapsing.
A woman who is so overcome with emotion when holding their grandchild that their arms freeze. She's come close to dropping the baby, but never has, and now that they and their family are aware of their condition, they're able to work around it.
The same woman, when they open their front door to find a door-to-door salesperson, almost instantly tips over.
A man in their 60s who came face-to-face with a black bear in their backyard – the man fell over on their front porch, literally paralyzed by fear. (By the time they regained control of their body, the bear was gone. They do say to “play dead.”)
A man who freezes when they catch a fish.
A man who goes weak at the knees every time they see a stray coin on the sidewalk.
Does anything make you go weak in the knees? Tell us in the comments.
Find The Body Odd on Twitter and on Facebook.
Search ASOT:
Artist: Armin van Buuren
Show: A State of Trance
Release Date: June 13, 2013
Genre: Trance
Quality: MP3 / Joint Stereo
Bitrate: 320 kbps / 44.1 Khz
Duration: 2:00:42
Total Size: 276 MB
A State of Trance 617
is available on Spotify!
This week A State of Trance 617 music by Aly and Fila, John O'Callaghan, Talla 2XLC, Darren Porter, Indecent Noise, Eco, and Alex M.O.R.P.H.
Tracklist New World Punx - Romper Eco - Walkabout Jorn van Deynhoven – Six Zero Zero Woody van Eyden - Nangulan Ana Criado and Adrian&Raz - How Will I Know (Daniel Kandi and Dennis Pedersen Remix) Armin van Buuren feat. Richard Bedford – Love Never Came Damian Wasse - Crossroads Aly & Fila ft. Sue McLaren - Mysteries The Thrillseekers & Talla 2XLC - Fracture (Darren Porter Remix) Pizz@dox - With Flying Colors Talla 2XLC vs. Above & Beyond ft. Richard Bedford - Rise A Thing Called Loved (Steve Sundheden Mashup) Pedro Del Mar & Damian Wasse – New World (Original Mix) Aly and Fila - First Sun Bobina - Lovin Lies Alex M.O.R.P.H. - Tales Of The Black Panther Part 1 (Darren Porter Remix) John O'Callaghan & Full Tilt ft.Karen Kelly - Breathe (Will Atkinson Remix) Suncatcher - Midnight City Allen and Envy - The Cry Within Cathy Burton - Daylight (Phillipe El Sisi Remix) Paul Oakenfold - Turn It On Armin van Buuren - Who's Afraid Of 138?! (Photographer Remix) Betsie Larkin & Solarstone - I Breathe You In (Pure Mix) Paul van Dyk & Arnej - We Are One 2013 Indecent Noise – Protos Heis John O'Callaghan - Riders Of Rohan Calvin Logue - Helter Skelter ( Indecent Noise Edit ) Orion's Dawn - Always Be There (Chris Cockerill & Phill Lee Remix) Tonny Nesse – Indestructible (Ahmed Romel Remix) Talla 2XLC - Rush Hour The Doppler Effect - Beauty Hides In The Deep (John O'Callaghan Remix)
Listen to Episode 617
After finished playing:
Play previous episode / Play next episode Listen to Episode 617
Comments on Episode 617
Interview with Mouhanad Khorchide
The Koran has thus far been subjected to erroneous interpretation, says Mouhanad Khorchide, professor of Islamic Religious Education at the University of Munster. Khorchide is calling for an emancipation of the faith. Interview by Arnfrid Schenk and Martin Spiewak
Professor Khorchide, what was your reaction to the recent controversial Mohammed film on YouTube?
Mouhanad Khorchide: I thought it was tedious and tasteless. I didn't recognise the Prophet Mohammed as they were portrayed in the film so I didn't feel it was directed at me as a Muslim.
Many Muslims find it difficult to adopt this attitude, what is your advice to them?
Khorchide: Ignore it, don't allow yourselves to be provoked. The film is a trap laid specifically to provoke, and Muslims repeatedly fall into this trap.
Why do Muslims react in this way to insults aimed at the Prophet? After all, unlike Jesus they don't have divine status.
Khorchide: The problem lies elsewhere. On such occasions, Muslims vent their pent-up anger. The video itself isn't the cause of the agitation, just the trigger. The Islamic collective memory is still etched by crusades, the colonial era and what is perceived as an unjust Middle East policy, as well as the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan.
You have just written a new book in which you describe the Koran as a love letter from God to humanity. How did you arrive at this interpretation? The Koran would normally be described as a powerful book – and in the West also as a dangerous one.
Khorchide: The question is: which image of God are we talking about? Many Muslims assume that their God wants to be glorified, that they despatch orders and makes sure these orders are obeyed. Those who obey are rewarded, and those who don't are punished. But this is a perception of God similar to that of a tribal leader who cannot be challenged. This is why many Muslims view the Koran as a rulebook.
​​
There is much talk of hell in the Koran. How does this fit in with the concept of mercy?
Khorchide: Hell is nothing other than the confrontation with one's own transgressions. It's not a punishment that comes from without. As a famous mystic once said: "I'd like to extinguish the hellfire and set paradise alight, so that people don't act out of fear of hell or hope for paradise." We humans should strive for something higher, the closeness and companionship of God. However, traditional theology has taken a less metaphorical view of the images of paradise and hell, and instead literally described them as material spaces with material pleasures and punishments. But if you're only doing something good because you fear punishment or hope for reward, then that's not enough.
But this literal interpretation appears to be widespread, particularly among young Muslims in Germany.
Khorchide: Not just in Germany, and not just among youngsters, unfortunately. This is a highly simplified faith that presents God as nothing more than a bookkeeper or a judge, who calculates how often I've prayed. I can understand those who want to keep a kind of religious to-do list. But it's a pity. This kind of approach doesn't allow faith to move on from a highly elementary stage. It's more difficult to say: I would like to do something good for the sake of goodness; or I strive for internal perfection that finds its expression in good character traits and actions.
But this obedient take on Islam, as preached by radical Salafists, really seems to resonate with young people in Germany right now. Why?
Khorchide: These youngsters feel rootless, sidelined. They are searching for an identity and, above all, for something that will distinguish them. Many young people aren't hearing a "you belong", but rather a "we Germans – you Muslims". The Salafists provide them with the validation they seek. An identity that flies in the face of mainstream society. They pick out elements of Islam that accentuate the differences, such as a beard or clothing that's exactly the same length as the Prophet's. But this is an external identity without a core.
You train Islamic religious teachers. How do German Muslims react to your views?
Khorchide: The young ones say: that all sounds very nice, why did no one tell us about this before? I can identify more with this merciful God, they say. And even though there are also some reservations, my views have also met with appreciation from associations perceived as conservative – although they are actually quite heterogeneous. I try to provide theological explanations for everything, using Islam as my basis. I sustain my arguments with the Koran. The 220 pages of my book contain references to 400 passages of the Koran in order to show that this is not just my personal view.
And what about reactions to your work in the Arab world, is there some understanding there too?
Khorchide: In the summer, I went to Al-Azhar University in Cairo, the most important Sunni authority in Islam. After my lecture, the older scholars were reticent and didn't say anything. But the undergraduates and doctorate students came up to me and asked if they could study in Munster or write their doctorates there. The young ones are looking for something new.
Khorchide says that because of the difficult archaic language in the Koran, "most Muslims don't concern themselves with the true essence of the Koran", which means that they base their faith on what they are told, "harking back to statements made by theologians in the ninth and tenth centuries"
​​
Will your book also be translated into Arabic?
Khorchide: Yes, but I'll tailor it slightly to the Arab mentality.
Take the sting out of it a little?
Khorchide: I suppose you could put it like that. But the main message will be the same: that God is a God of mercy, that Islam is a religion of mercy. Any other interpretation of Islam is not Islam.
Why is it that most Muslims have a completely different understanding of Islam? They're reading the same Koran, after all.
Khorchide: The Koran was written in the classical Arabic of the seventh century. It's therefore very difficult for non-Arabs to understand. When Arabs read it, they perhaps understand 40 per cent as far as the language is concerned. But even greater difficulties arise in the theological reading of the verses. Most Muslims don't concern themselves with the true essence of the Koran. That's why we Muslims often base our faith on what we are told. We are harking back to statements made by theologians in the ninth and tenth centuries.
In your book you write that when viewed as a legal system, Sharia is a contradiction of Islam. Why?
Khorchide: For the very reason that it reduces Islam to a legal system. Some Muslims even go as far as to say that if you're not in favour of physical punishment, then you're not a Muslim. All the discussion surrounding Sharia means that it's only about whether or not you follow rules.
Your parents are Palestinian, but you went to school in ultra-conservative Saudi Arabia and studied in Austria; what impact has this had on your religious socialisation?
Khorchide: Saudi scholars claim that their nation is pure, true Islam's only home. But this Salafist mindset has reduced the faith to nothing more than a façade. A man is a sinner if they shave off their beard; a woman is a sinner if they don't wear a headscarf. In mosques, I saw how only those with the longest beards were allowed to serve as imams and lead the prayers. What's the point of that? As a Palestinian in Saudi Arabia, I wasn't allowed to study or get any medical insurance, but in Austria, a non-Islamic nation, none of this was a problem. I started asking questions, I wanted to get to the core of this religion.
The crux of Khorchide's book is that God is a God of mercy, and Islam is a religion of mercy: "Any other interpretation of Islam is not Islam"
​​You also criticise those who are described as liberal Muslims. Why? Are you not singing from the same song sheet?
Khorchide: They also reduce Islam in a similar way to the fundamentalists. The fundamentalists hollow it out, by focussing on the façade, on outward features. The liberals provide a radical response by dispensing with almost all outward features and rituals and limiting it to the shahada, the declaration of belief. That's not enough. The shahada must find its expression in life.
So what needs to happen for your understanding of Islam is to find wider acceptance?
Khorchide: There must be a discourse, and a discourse needs institutions, it must be taught, students must perpetuate its message. I think Islamic theology here in Germany represents a good opportunity because we have much greater freedom of movement. But it will take one or two generations.
Arnfrid Schenk und Martin Spiewak
© DIE ZEIT 2012
Translated from the German by Nina Coon
Editor: Aingeal Flanagan
Mouhanad Khorchide has been Professor of Islamic Religious Education at the University of Munster since July 2010. Their new book Islam ist Barmherzigkeit – Grundzüge einer modernen Religion (Islam is Mercy – Essential Traits of a Modern Religion) was published by Herder in October.
The Lil B curse is approaching legendary status. It took out Kevin Durant, and destroyed James Harden, who had a record-setting 13 turnovers in Game 5 of the Western Conference Finals – all while the Based God themselves watched on from the stands.
The Lil B curse is approaching legendary status. It took out Kevin Durant, and destroyed James Harden, who had a record-setting 13 turnovers in Game 5 of the Western Conference Finals – all while the Based God themselves watched on from the stands.
At Warriors World, we're not usually too big on superstition. But this is the Warriors' first shot at a championship in 40 years – NOT the time to start taking chances. So we've come up with a way to get on Lil B's good side, while raising money for a great cause. Check out the video to learn more!
In short: we're raising money for Children's Hospital Oakland, an incredible institution helping kids in our community, on the new crowdfunding site Challeng – help us out and make a donation here: https://www.challeng.org/LilB
The funds raised from this campaign will go to Children's Hospital as soon as Lil B gives Steph their blessing – so every donation, big or small, gives the Based God more reason to show their love for the Dubs.
Whenever the Flux Capacitor is invented, this thing will probably power it
1 Ghz CPUs were all the rage in high-end smartphones throughout 2010 — and right now, the trend is to stick an extra core on that 1 Ghz CPU and call it a day. Nvidia bumped things up a big ol' notch a few days ago when they unveiled the Tegra3, a 1.5 Ghz mobile processor with not one, not two, but four cores. This morning, Texas Instruments is taking things even further.
Following up on their OMAP3 (which powered the Droid Pro, Droid 2, Pre 2, and a bunch of other devices) and OMAP4 (which'll power the BlackBerry Playbook when it starts shipping) chipsets, Texas Instruments has just pulled back the curtain on OMAP5.
OMAP5, In a nutshell:
Clock speeds up to 2Ghz
TI promises processing performance 3x that of OMAP4, all while improving average power consumption by 60%.
Quad-cores: 2 ARM Cortex-A15 cores capable of speeds up to 2 Ghz, and 2 Cortex-M4 cores
TI claims it can support 3 QSXGA displays running at the same time. QSXGA is a resolution of 2560×2048 — that's way, way higher than what 90% of the monitors out there can display.
TI's putting some stress on the fact that these things should be able to handle multiple cameras recording simultaneously with ease, which could very well mean 3D camera phones are about to become pretty common.
Samples will begin shipping to manufacturers in late 2011, with the first devices expected to hit the market around the mid-point of 2012.
[Via Phonescoop]
NASHVILLE, Tenn. -- Rookie quarterback Marcus Mariota looked composed and was mostly mistake-free in their first training camp practice leading the Tennessee Titans.
Between seven-on-seven work without lines and 11-on-11 team work, they were 13-of-18 and didn't throw an interception.
They spoke Thursday before camp opened and will speak to the media again Sunday after the team's first practice in pads.
Their teammates offered the same sort of solid reviews they offered during organized team activities and minicamp.
"You could tell they were training this offseason, really in the playbook," tight end Delanie Walker said. "He called the huddle with poise, said the plays like they knew them, ran the offense very well. That's exciting to see when you've got a young quarterback coming in and ready to go."
Twice Mariota was able to use a hard count to get the defense to jump offside.
Before any defenders were involved when quarterbacks were simply throwing to receivers, Mariota launched a beautiful spiral 40-yards to Justin Hunter in stride.
Later, one of their misses was high off the hand of giant rookie receiver Dorial Green-Beckham and another couldn't be corralled by diving running back Dexter McCluster at the right sideline.
Dexter McCluster didn't pull this in from Mariota. #Titans pic.twitter.com/tasUev0UOl — Paul Kuharsky (@PaulKuharskyNFL) July 31, 2015
Kendall Wright is clearly the top receiver and Hakeem Nicks got the bulk of the work opposite Wright. But the second snap of many series featured two new guys, including Harry Douglas, Hunter and Green-Beckham.
Some highlights from the opening practice. Check out my Instagram for some pictures and videos:
Every element within your being constantly swings between two opposite extreme states like a pendulum. This fluctuation is normal as your body strives to maintain balance. But, if the pendulum swings too far, balance is lost, problems arise and breakdown is inevitable. This principle is true at every level of existence, from the solar systems to the cells in your body.
This ‘synchronisity' has been beating me over the head recently, repeatedly popping up in my life from all quarters. And so I'm led to share these considerations with you today. As I'm writing this I'm reminded of quotes from Lao Tzu's Tao Te Ching, so I'll drop a few ‘Tzu bombs' where I think they'll help.
Every quality you can think of has a duality between one extreme and another. Not a black and white binary condition, rather an analogue scale of conditions or shades of grey. The extremes exist because by definition one can't exist without the other – there can be no light without dark.
“Under heaven all can see beauty as beauty only because there is ugliness. All can know good as good only because there is evil.”
~ Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching
Muay Thai demands a balance of multiple, extreme qualities at many levels, presenting both a holistic challenge and a substantial pay off (that I'll come back to a little later). I've previously discussed the analogy of spinning plates when considering training multiple physical qualities, you've got to pay attention to all the plates or some will falter and fall.
Preceding phases of training build specific, complimentary qualities that better prepare the body for each subsequent phase. Considering all the training phases as a whole should reveal a holistic balance matching the demands of the sport. But Muay Thai is far more than just your physical qualities, that's just one piece of the puzzle. Consider the following general elements and where on the scale you sit for each:
Some of these various levels can be objectively measured to help coordinate your training, and others are more subjective (in future posts I'll share some of my methods for establishing were you sit on such scales). Awareness of your current status with respect to the various scales will serve you well. Yin and yang together create balance; Muay Thai's ferocious physicality is balanced with humble respect for both teachers and opponents. Such balance is not only physical, it's psychological and spiritual.
“Success is as dangerous as failure.
Hope is as hollow as fear.”
~ Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching
The pendulum swings in a constant state of flux, but must stay within controlled limits. Either extreme has consequence, equilibrium is the natural order of things. Fail to understand this and you're going to have problems.
With honest reflection, Muay Thai is a fantastic vehicle for finding your own balance within all the extremes it encompasses. I believe this is why I'm personally so strongly drawn to it. If taken beyond face value, Muay Thai offers you the opportunity to not only learn about others but to truly understand yourself – if you are honest and open-minded – don't waste it.
“Knowing others is intelligence; knowing yourself is true wisdom. Mastering others is strength; mastering yourself is true power. If you realize that you have enough, you are truly rich.”
~ Lao Tzu, Tao Te Ching
Photo
Commercials for fast food hamburgers are ubiquitous on television, but French fries don't get nearly as much love.
On Monday, however, Wendy's will announce the details of a national marketing plan for its new recipe for French fries, the biggest overhaul of its fries in 41 years. “Fries,” said Ken Calwell, the chief marketing officer at Wendy's, “is something we hadn't been a leader in, in the past.”
For the last year, the company has been examining its product line for opportunities to promote food made with more natural ingredients, Mr. Calwell said. Wendy's “new natural-cut fries with sea salt” use Russet Burbank potatoes and are thinner and crisper than the current fries and will be unpeeled.
The idea is to provide an alternative to McDonald's, which has long been the leader in French fry sales. The Wendy's campaign, which begins on Nov. 29, includes two television spots that will run on cable and network stations like TBS, VH1 and Bravo and during shows like “Conan” and “Lopez Tonight.” The cost of the campaign is estimated to be $25 million.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
One spot was filmed on a beach in Los Angeles and shows a line of people waiting to taste the new fries. When the man at the head of the line doesn't share their fries, the crowd chases them down the beach.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
The idea of sharing (or in this case, not sharing) is central to the campaign. “When something is really good, you don't necessarily want to share it so easily,” said Linda Kaplan Thaler, the chief executive and chief creative officer of the Kaplan Thaler Group in New York, a Publicis Groupe agency and the agency of record for Wendy's.
The campaign includes two radio commercials that will air nationally, as well as billboards around the country. “You want to be in places where people are getting hungry and they say, ‘Oh, that looks good,' ” Ms. Kaplan Thaler said.
Nick Heidfeld may not agree, but their collision with Nicolas Prost in Saturday's Formula E race was great news for the new series.
When Nick Heidfeld clambered unhurt from the wreckage of their Venturi Grand Prix car on Saturday there would have been some very happy faces among the Formula E top brass.
Naturally, they would have been relieved that the German was okay. Heidfeld's shunt - caused by an extreme case of brain fade for Nicolas Prost - was scary in the extreme. What's more, the way their car was launched by the so-called sausage curbs would have put the series in hot water had Nick sustained any sort of injury.
But it would have been more than simple relief that raised a smile. Because that huge, race-deciding accident was the best thing that could have happened from a promotional point of view. Alongside Lucas di Grassi, who cruised past the crash scene to score victory, no one got luckier at the inaugural race than the series itself.
Formula E was receiving fairly good media attention without a headline-grabbing crash. It had been profiled by several noteworthy outlets, including national newspapers and major broadcasters. It's got plenty going for it, from the green angle to a grid of talented drivers, as well as the less appealing Fan Boost.
But while words on paper or screen are all well and good, nothing beats a bit of TV time. And, for better or worse, nothing gets a race series on television screens quite like a huge crash.
Which is why Formula E was treated to more than a mere mention on Saturday's news bulletins. It got moving pictures, with the Prost-Heidfeld shunt shown from a number of angles while commentator Jack Nichols got all high pitched and breathless in the background; Dario Franchitti, keeping it typically cool, simply chuckled.
Would a new bulletin have decided to show Formula E footage without the crash? Perhaps. But when they saw what had happened it became a great deal more likely; when they were told it was for the lead at the final corner of the final lap, it became a no brainer. Mix in the fact that one of the drivers involved happens to be named Prost, while the other drives for Leonardo DiCaprio's team, and you have a made-for-TV clip.
Which is how anyone watching the news on Saturday evening became aware that Formula E exists. And that is a very good start. How many times did A1GP make the TV news? Superleague Formula? Even established categories such as the World Endurance Championship and the WRC struggle to get a mention.
And of course, putting your name out there is vital. It plants a seed in people's minds that you hope, one day, will grow into them watching your series once, and then on a regular basis. It's the genesis of new fans. It's not a guarantee of success, but it's a step in the right direction.
And it's more than they would have received if Prost had exercised some common sense and settled for a runner-up finish. For all their promotional efforts, social media activation and big-name drivers, this was Formula E's greatest media success last weekend.
Let's put it another way: in a series building its reputation on embracing the future, the biggest draw was the oldest story in motorsport: two rivals colliding on-track.
Back in ye olde days, we could only write stories at lengths publishers were willing to buy. Thanks to the economics of the paper-based book-printing business that meant novels tended to fall into certain word count ranges, and short stories were only sold in anthologies or magazines, where issues were also put together to fall within certain economical lengths.
If you wrote a story between 10,000 and 50,000 words — too long for a short story and too short for all except children's novels — you were out of luck, because it was going to be a hard sell.
Enter the world of e-publishing and ebooks. While an editor will charge more to proofread a longer work than a short, the cost of creating and delivering an ebook doesn't change based on word count. In other words, there's no reason you have to write within certain word-count guidelines any more. And quite a few authors are taking advantage of this. More and more, you can find novellas and even short stories for sale in the Nook and Kindle stores for $1.99 or $0.99.
I've actually been surprised by the number of short stories (usually 4,000-8,000 words) selling for $0.99 as I hadn't considered turning anything that short into an ebook I'd charge for. My Ice Cracker II ebook pictured above is a short story of 6,000 words or so that I give away for free.
I probably won't sell anything that length for $0.99 myself (my three-story Ice Cracker II anthology is about 17,000 words, and even that feels short to me!) but people are doing it and getting positive reviews and making money, so I wanted to write up this post for other authors who might consider it.
After all, it takes a lot of work to write and edit a novel. A short story, on the other hand, might be the work of a week or two. Even writing a novella can be a less daunting task than creating a whole novel.
Putting out some shorter works in between your novels is a way to keep yourself in your readers' minds and maybe make some extra money too. The $0.35-$0.40 royalty (your cut when you price your ebook for $0.99 at Amazon or B&N) that seems pretty measly for novel-length fiction might make more sense for a shorter work.
One thing you'll want to do, however, is make sure to include the word-count (maybe a page count too) in the story blurb. People who purchased an ebook, expecting a novel, probably won't be pleased when they read it in twenty minutes! You could also label it “short story” or “novella” in the description.
In case you want to see what your fellow authors are doing, here are a couple $0.99 short story ebooks in the Kindle store:
Any thoughts? Do you have short story ebooks out there for $0.99, or are you thinking of publishing some?
The Xbox One will be getting the ability to record live television for later viewing, according to tech blogger Paul Thurrott, who cites unnamed sources.
The report comes as Microsoft confirms that the Windows Media Center, used to play media from a computer to a television or large screen, won't be coming to Windows 10.
Among the features lost with the Media Center is the ability to record television to the computer, but Thurrott reports Microsoft already has a replacement in mind.
"Of course, many Media Center fans actually use the product to record and watch TV shows via Media Center PCs in the living room," according to the story. "Microsoft's solution for this need will apparently be the Xbox One, though the console currently only provides live TV watching, but not recording. My sources tell me that will change, and most probably this year, to include TV recording."
The Xbox One already has a DVR-like function for capturing live gameplay, adding the ability to record television seems like a no-brainer, especially given the built-in television tuner on the console.
We've reached out to Microsoft for comment and will update this story when they respond.
More than any other state, Hawaii stands out when it comes to its racial and ethnic diversity. The Rainbow State has never had a white majority. In fact, non-Hispanic whites, the largest group in most states, account for only 23% of the population, according to 2013 census figures.
Asians, a category that includes Chinese, Japanese, Korean, Thai and Filipino immigrants whose ancestors once worked on the islands' sugar cane and pineapple fields, are collectively the largest group at 37%.
But the real population story is about Native Hawaiians, those who are descended from the original people of Hawaii and who today make up 6% of the islands' population, or 21% if you include those who are part-Hawaiian. A new demographic analysis, using an innovative technique, estimates that there were 683,000 Native Hawaiians on the island in 1778, when British explorer Capt. James Cook arrived. That's on the higher range of the highly disputed historical estimates, which have ranged from as low as 200,000 to as high as 1 million. (Today, Hawaii's total population stands at 1.4 million.)
The author, David Swanson of the University of California, Riverside, presented their new estimate of the “pre-contact” population at the University of Hawaii in February. Swanson used an approach called “backcasting” to reach their historical estimate of the Hawaiians' population decline. It's essentially the reverse of what demographers more commonly do: forecasting population growth.
In this case, Swanson took a detailed look at the 1910 and 1920 U.S. Census's Native Hawaiian counts, tracking the survival rate of each five-year age group from one census to the next. For example, they looked at how many children who were newborns to age 4 in 1910 were counted as 10- to 14-year-olds in 1920, then did the same for each successive age group. For each group, they created a “reverse cohort change ratio,” which they used to go back in time and estimate the size of each age group for each decade until they got to 1770.
As it turns out, Swanson's estimates roughly line up with several other historical census counts, including the U.S. Census's 1900 count, the first after the U.S. takeover of the island in 1898. (Hawaii was first a U.S. territory and later became a state in 1959.) Their figures also were in accord with three censuses by the Kingdom of Hawaii in 1890, 1860 and 1850. (He says they did not use the kingdom's earlier censuses to devise the ratio because they did not consistently break down their counts by age group.)
Swanson's estimates show that the death rate among Native Hawaiians accelerated devastatingly fast after their first contact with Western foreigners. Captain Cook and their crew wrote in well-documented accounts about concerns that they had infected the population with venereal diseases (Cook said they unsuccessfully tried to prevent their men from mingling with the native women). Over the years, many other infectious diseases and illnesses such as measles, chicken pox, polio and tuberculosis killed thousands of Hawaiians.
By Swanson's estimates, 1-in-17 Native Hawaiians had died within two years of Cook's arrival. By 1800, the population had declined by 48% since Cook set foot on Hawaii. By 1820, it had declined 71%; by 1840, it declined 84%.
Swanson's estimates have some caveats. In an interview, they said that the figures do not account for Native Hawaiians who may have moved off the island, including some men who joined whaling vessels during the 1800s or left for the mainland U.S. or other parts abroad. But they reason these figures are small. They also caution that their data are based on the U.S. Census data, which might be inaccurate.
Swanson's paper acknowledges that these figures are not likely to end the debate over the pre-contact Hawaiian population. “It is not likely that any estimate, no matter how transparent and methodologically sound, will ever satisfy all parties,” they wrote.
Even so, historians and demographers agree that the devastation of the population was swift and dramatic. Historical accounts by missionaries and other Westerners who first arrived in the 1820s frequently predicted the complete eradication of the Hawaiian race from the planet by the early 20th century. Indeed, by 1920, the Native Hawaiian population had dwindled to just under 24,000, according to the U.S. Census.
But there's a turnaround to this story. For the past several decades, since the 1980s, the Native Hawaiian population in the state and across the country has been surging, and growth is projected to continue.
The state's Native Hawaiian population, which includes people who are of more than one race, stands at 298,000. Nationwide, there are more than 560,000 Americans who claim Native Hawaiian race, according to 2013 census estimates.
One possible reason for the growth may be in how people of Native Hawaiian descent are counted. Although the population grew steadily in the latter half of the 20th century, the numbers accelerated in 2000 when the Census Bureau began allowing people to select more than one race to identify themselves. Among the U.S. Native Hawaiian population today, 36% identify as two races and 26% identify as three races; only a third – 33% – identify as only Native Hawaiians.
The Native Hawaiian population has also been growing in recent decades because of a higher fertility rate compared with that of the overall state population, as well as a higher “out-marriage” rate, meaning that Native Hawaiians tend to marry someone of a different racial background, said Justin Hong, a research associate at Kamehameha Schools. (The private institution was founded by Bernice Pauahi Bishop, the last direct royal descendant of Hawaii's famous king, Kamehameha, to educate Native Hawaiian children.)
The total Native Hawaiian population in the state is projected to reach more than half a million by 2045 and more than 675,000 by 2060, according to a 2012 report by Kamehameha Schools. Their numbers are in sync with state estimates, which were published in 2010.
It's rare to see such a U-shaped curve for a small population like Native Hawaiians to make a comeback – in this case, at numbers not seen since 1778. But just when Hawaii reaches that point (or whether it has already) depends on which numbers you use from the start.
Topics: Population Geography, Population Projections, Demographics, Race and Ethnicity
Groton - The state is using a $2.5 million settlement of a water pollution lawsuit to create a new research center at the University of Connecticut's Avery Point campus that will help municipalities, businesses and homeowners determine the best methods to protect their properties against what the state says are rising seas and more frequent severe storms caused by climate change.
The Institute for Community Resiliency and Climate Adaptation will be a partnership of UConn and the state Department of Energy and Environmental Protection. Its formation will be formally announced at an event at 11 a.m. Friday at the Branford House at Avery Point, which will include Gov. Dannel P. Malloy, UConn President Susan Herbst, DEEP Commissioner Daniel Esty and local legislators.
The institute's charge will be to determine "how do we help residents and communities and businesses be better prepared for climate change?" Dennis Schain, DEEP spokesperson, said Monday. "It will be to develop strategies and practical solutions, and to do things in an environmentally sound way that will protect ecosystems and wildlife."
The settlement, announced Dec. 5 by the U.S. Attorney's Office for Connecticut, resolved a pending case against the Unilever manufacturing plant in Clinton, for violating its state wastewater discharge permit. The state sued the company, also known as Conopco Inc., in 2009 and 2012 over discharges of thousands of gallons of untreated wastewater into state waterways. Schain said the settlement funds enable the institute to "get up and running immediately." Grant funds will be sought to support it into the future.
In announcing the settlement, Malloy said the funding will "bring to life" the state's vision for the institute. A state law approved last year called for the creation of the institute, but did not identify funding to support it.
"The people of our state suffered greatly as a result of Hurricane Irene and Storm Sandy, and unfortunately the outlook ahead is for even more extreme weather," Malloy said in a Dec. 5 statement. "Those events, and the continued rising of sea levels cause by the climate warming, mean that lives, property and infrastructure are at increased risk from strong winds, tidal surges and flooding."
The institute's mission, Malloy said, will be to better predict the level of vulnerability of particular areas and recommend steps to help them better withstand future floods and storms. It will combine the expertise and research capabilities of UConn scientists with the regulatory experience of DEEP, they said.
Herbst, the UConn president, said in the Dec. 5 statement that experts at the university in the natural sciences, public policy, civil and environmental engineering and other disciplines will all contribute to the institute's projects.
James O'Donnell, professor of marine sciences and physics at Avery Point, has been the ad hoc chairperson of the committee that has been meeting over the last several months to plan the new institute. During that time, DEEP and UConn have reached an agreement over space at the campus, the institute's budget, and other areas, they said. It would employ the equivalent of about five to 10 full-time staff on various projects, about half of whom are already at UConn and DEEP working on research related to climate change adaptation, they said.
"The intent ... is to do demonstration projects, and evaluate alternatives to sea walls and provide advice to towns and make proposals that can be applied," they said.
They likened the new institute to the network of UConn Extension Centers that advise farmers, businesses and the general public on agriculture, forestry and related areas. It would be in keeping with UConn's founding mission as a land grant university that contributes to the state's economy, they added.
"The tradition of UConn has always been to help the state effectively adapt in ways that will be effective," they said.
j.benson@theday.com
In celebration of RIFT's 4.2 Celestial Storm update July 20, the iconic Asha Catari invades Atlas Reactor and is now available as a skin for the Freelancer Asana.
How to unlock the Asha Catari skin in Atlas Reactor
Play Rift 4.2 and find Fayne Dorrin of Allitu for the Endless War story quest
Complete the Endless War quest to unlock an Asha Catari Skin in Atlas Reactor and Sword in RIFT for free
Asha Catari skin is also available in the Atlas Reactor store for $7.99 or 20,000 ISO
RIFT Celestial Storm and Endless War Quest
The Celestial Storm is coming and brings exciting new Primalist Souls, new raid rifts, a new zone, and much more! To begin your Endless War quests, look for Fayne Dorrin of Allitu in the new Celestial Lands. Completing the Endless War story quest line will unlock the Asha Catari sword replica in RIFT and Asana skin in Atlas Reactor. If you'd like to learn more about Asha Catari and RIFT check out the 4.2 update article.
– The Atlas Reactor Team
If you're not already playing Atlas Reactor…
Play Now!
If you're already signed up, you can download Atlas Reactor here.
For all the latest Atlas Reactor news make sure to follow us on Twitter, Facebook, and come discuss the state of the game in our Forums. Don't forget to tell your friends and get awesome RAF Rewards!
By an Ad hoc teacher
Advertising
Sir, you do not know me. You can never know me or my name or the names of lakhs of us who are serving in your universities as “adhocs”. Why should you know that we now form the majority in most of your universities? Do you ever ask the vice-chancellors about us? Have you ever wondered who we are, what we think and how we became “adhocs” though we had set out to become teachers. On these Teachers' Day, while you are distributing awards to teachers, you will not spare a thought for us.
I and my ad hoc friends often think about you and other office bearers of the institution you call a “university”. At first, I thought it was some kind of temporary malady that the universities had started liking only and only adhocs rather than regular faculty members. I thought it was happening only to me and my friends. Now, two decades have passed and I have realised that ad hocism in the Indian universities was not a temporary malaise.
I was 25 years old when I rejected lucrative prospects in the new, corporatising India. What charmed me was the idea of getting young minds excited about knowledge. I became a teacher. On these Teachers' Day, I decided to share with you the lived meaning of the choice I had made.
Advertising
Our university doesn't look at us as faculty-members and rightfully so; we are adhocs. We are not addressed with our names; a common noun suffices to mention our role and contribution. It seems to be an interesting idea to do away with proper nouns in the university rolls. The university administrators recognise us as numbers and think about them only in the months of April-June because they need to be filled by real people for the “task” of teaching. They think about the numbers and not about us as people with the highest qualifications in fields of knowledge. We get subjected to a humiliating repetitive ritual of filling the forms to convey our availability to become adhocs.
The university doesn't believe in record-keeping, so it demands the photocopy of our degrees as evidence of our eligibility every year. The muggy month of July becomes preeminently disgracing, every year, when we face an interview and answer the golden question: “What new will you do this year?” The true answer that I can't give is: The excited teacher in me has died another death and I shall teach with newer levels of a mortified mind.
To you, this may seem a small thing. For us, this is a matter of life and its end, leave alone dignity. Our existence as numbers has resulted in a professional life unimaginable for common people. The university gives our minimum-wage salaries of 4-5 months together, saving a lot of the monthly work to be put in by clerks. It doesn't give us library membership, computers, password to Wi-Fi connections and real rooms to sit in. The problem is genuine, you see. Our appointments are made only for four months, so we get erased from the university's records regularly and make a fresh entry after a day's gap in an objective manner. It is our problem to cope with our ad hocness with self-disgust. The university is serious about the “task” of teaching, so it doesn't give us medical leave or paid leave to get married or have kids. Nor are we supposed to attend seminars the UGC loves so much. If we get hell bent on marrying or going to a seminar, we lose the wages for those days. You must be filled with a sense of pride that the university extracts maximum work from us with minimum investment of resources.
Our appointment letter declares rather loudly our eligibility for minimum basic pay and the fact that we are appointed only for four months or till the regular incumbent joins duty. With such a feeble appointment letter, nobody wants to give us their house on rent. Our inability to pay a decent amount on time is known to the landlords, but you remain blissfully ignorant. In the lives of lakhs of my ad hoc friends, the regular incumbent has not come in the last 15 years because no such claimant exists. You know for sure, as the visitor of all Central universities, that permanent appointments have not been made for a long time. However, to titillate adhocs like me, many universities did advertise posts several times but never filled them. I got the bank draft made each time, and the universities swallowed the money each time. A “thank you” note from the UGC to adhocs is a good idea. After all, we are giving money to the public universities just as the UGC does.
Do you know, Hon'ble President, the wonderful term “summer salary”? If we get re-appointed on the first day of the next academic session in July, we get paid for the summer-break months, otherwise we don't. This payment is called summer-salary. The universities fill ad hoc posts annually with meticulous formality by preparing rosters as per the reservation norms. The number of posts allotted to different categories is readjusted, depending on the number of people holding permanent posts. Readjustment means chronic unpredictability about the nature of ad hoc posts to be filled each July.
In the past two decades, I have served your university on minimum wages. I am sure the university has accumulated a lot of wealth by denying my claim on the annual increments. This saving can be spent on computers, air-conditioners, printers and an occasional elephant ride. In addition, the bank must be giving a hefty interest for 4-5 months when adhocs' delayed salaries sit in the university account. Perhaps the chief auditor general can suggest legitimate ways for spending that amount.
Dear Mr President, I often hear you say that the universities need to become globally competitive. I have also heard our VCs talk about achieving quality with the help of Web portals, YouTube and Google. The absence of the mention of teachers in this kind of chatter, Dear President, has dissuaded my brightest students from teaching as a career option. When they saw me sitting in the corridors, waiting to face yet another humiliating interview, their ideas about the life of a good teacher crashed. The disparaging reality of teaching as a profession dawned on them just when they had become passionate about it.
Recently, the chief justice of India cried publicly for the missing judges in the courts. Nobody has cried for the missing teachers. Let us record the turning away of the brightest among the young from teaching as this country's highest achievement on these Teachers' Day.
Advertising
To come out together is useless because we are adhocs. To come out alone is suicidal. After all, I am an adhoc and four months end too soon.
Once again, apologies if this is a false alarm. =(
I hate to make my first post to possibly be a false alarm, but I think I found some unused stuff in Sonic Advance. =0Chao sprites, totally different from the ones used in the Tiny Chao Garden. I know these sprites were used as a mouse cursor among the files of Sonic Adventure DX's PC version, but I don't remember these being anywhere in Advance at all.Item box icons, and some rings I forgot to remove. I've never seen (or can't remember seeing) the last six ones, nor that explosion one. Are those multi-player only or something?I'm definite that these are unused. They're not in the Tiny Chao Garden, nor anywhere else, and I can't see where they'd fit in with multi-player.If it helps any, I found these with YY-CHR, in the (E) ROM, the first Chao sprites were found at 3C17F4, the item boxes at 3C3B74, and 458654 is where those giant Chao sprites started at.
Iran is planning to manufacture over 50 Russian-designed Ka-32 helicopters under a production license, an Iranian aircraft industry official said on Wednesday.
KISH ISLAND (Iran), October 29 (RIA Novosti) - Iran is planning to manufacture over 50 Russian-designed Ka-32 helicopters under a production license, an Iranian aircraft industry official said on Wednesday.
Ka-32 is a civilian version of the Russian Ka-27 military helicopter developed by the Kamov design bureau.
"We have long been considering the Kamov helicopter manufacturer as our partner...and we are planning to sign a contract on the licensed production of at least 50 Ka-32 helicopters [in Iran]," the managing director of Iran Aviation Industries Organization (IAIO), Majid Hedayat, said at the Iran Air Show 2008.
Ka-32 is a 12-ton aircraft than can carry up to four tons of payload. It can stay in the air about four hours per sortie and cruises at 205 kilometers an hour. The Ka-27 has been used by the Russian navy since the 1970s.
There are fears in the West that with the ability to manufacture the Ka-32, Iran could easily convert them back to their original Ka-27 military configuration.
IAIO will also manufacture 100 advanced Tu-214 and Tu-204 airliners with a 210-passenger capacity in cooperation with Russia within the next 10 years.
With Hogan In Attendance, Bowie Baysox To Host 'Bobblection'
Credit: Bowie Baysox Which of these two styles will be declared the winner?
With an upcoming bobblehead giveaway, the Bowie Baysox are looking to raise cancer awareness while tasking fans with a crucial fashion decision.
Gov. Larry Hogan, a recent survivor of non-Hodgkins lymphoma, will be at the Orioles Double-A affiliate's 2:05 p.m. game at Prince George's Stadium on Sunday, July 24. The first 1,000 fans get their vote in the team's "Bobblection" by choosing which of two Hogan bobbleheads they want. One has hair, the other is pure chrome dome, as Hogan themselves was during treatment. The one that runs out first will be declared the winner.
Hogan will participate in ceremonies at the stadium that day, and Baysox players will wear lime green jerseys to spread awareness for lymphoma. Those jerseys will be auctioned during the game, and will be autographed both by the player and the governor, with proceeds to benefit local cancer charities
Hogan was diagnosed with Stage 3 lymphoma in June 2015. They were declared to be in remission that November.
With a league-best net rating of 12.1 heading into Tuesday night, the Toronto Raptors statistically feature the best bench unit in all basketball.
Second-year big men Jakob Poeltl and Pascal Siakam have emerged as key cogs in Toronto's second-unit machine and they say the success of the Bench Mob – as they've been nicknamed – all comes down to the rapport the Raptors' reserves built up with each other.
“I think it's gotta be a chemistry thing,” Poeltl said on Prime Time Sports Tuesday. “It's just so fun to play with these guys. What we developed over the summer was just a way of playing together, a way of playing hard together, and it just worked out so far.
“It shows. We move the ball, we pass it, there's not one person taking all the shots, it's always somebody else playing really well and everybody else is contributing and helping out each other and I think that's really what makes us so good right now.”
Prime Time Sports Prime Time Sports - November 28th - 5pm November 28 2017
Your browser does not support the audio element.
Though he's putting up a modest stat line of 6.3 points and 4.5 rebounds per game, Poeltl is enjoying a very successful sophomore season by averaging 15.2 points and 11 rebounds per 36 minutes.
They say the team's new offensive philosophy has played a big role in their leap in production, in addition to the bench's early-season prowess.
“We've for sure noticed [the new offensive philosophy], especially for us in that second unit. That's all we do,” Poeltl told Prime Time Sports hosts Bob McCown and John Shannon. “It's what we worked on in the summer and really what the coaches want us to do is move the ball. Never have it stick in one spot for too long.
“We pretty much have no isolation with us in the second unit. It's all just dribble drive, pass out, drive again, pick-and-rolls. It's just flowing really.”
The new approach on offence predicated around whipping ball movement and the three-point shot has been a major success for the Raptors, who are generating more than two possessions per game compared to last season and boasted the third-best offence in the NBA entering Tuesday's action.
However, as great as the team's offence has looked at the quarter pole, the players haven't completely embraced all-analytics hoops.
Toronto Raptors on Sportsnet NOW Livestream the Raptors and other marquee NBA Playoffs matchups, including Games 2, 3 and 6 of the Raptors-Cavaliers series. Plus, get coverage of the NBA Finals, NBA Draft & NBA Awards.
“I mean, you can't say [the mid-range game is] gone because one of our best players, their mid-range game is incredible,” Siakam told Prime Time Sports. “I think you can't take that away from him.
“We try to limit it, but it's basketball. When you have the opportunity to shoot that, you're going to shoot it. We try to limit it and not take it as much, but we all know it's part of the game and it's going to happen.”
The player Siakam is referring to is, of course, DeMar DeRozan, whose 22.9 points per game is good for 13th in the league entering Tuesday meaning he's probably doing something right, even though he's only shooting 29.6 per cent from three.
Toronto is 12-7 having just played what will likely be the toughest part of its season, so it's also safe to say that the entire team is probably doing something right.
The Raptors next play Wednesday night at home against the Charlotte Hornets.
You can check out Poetl's and Siakam's entire appearance on Prime Time Sports in the video at the top of this post.
Communities Get A Lift As Local Food Sales Surge To $11 Billion A Year
There's a renaissance in local and regional food, and it's not just farmers markets in urban areas that are driving it.
On this map, the U.S. Department of Agriculture pinpoints more than 4,000 local and regional food businesses and projects — from food hubs to farm-to-school programs to initiatives to expand healthy food access to low-income communities — in every state around the country.
They've all contributed to the explosion in sales in local food. The USDA estimates that local food sales have grown from from about $5 billion in 2008 to $11.7 billion in 2014.
"Local food is rapidly growing from a niche market to an integrated system recognized for its economic boost to communities across the country," Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack tells The Salt in an interview.
The states with the most federal investment in local food initiatives, according to the USDA, include Kentucky, Wisconsin, Mississippi, Texas and Alabama.
And, as evidence that this investment is paying off, Vilsack points to USDA's updated Made in Rural America report.
It features the projects that the USDA has helped to support through the Local Foods, Local Places program.
So, what kinds of projects can communities get help with? Here are some examples:
In Barbourville, Ky., the community received technical assistance to expand a farmers market into a permanent facility and that may become a regional food hub.
In Clarksdale, Miss., a local non-profit got technical assistance in creating a vegetable farming-based job training program.
And in Fallon, Nev., a community group received technical assistance to help start a community-owned grocery store in a downtown building that had been abandoned.
So, is this boom in local food investment nationwide making it easier to get access to healthy, affordable food?
Vilsack points to new data showing that 6,400 farmers markets and other direct-to-consumer outlets now accept SNAP, or food stamps. As we've reported, the federal government in 2014 put put $100 million behind a simple idea: doubling the value of the benefits to buy local fruits and vegetables.
And last year SNAP recipients redeemed about $19 million worth of benefits at farmers markets.
Of course, this is just a tiny sliver of the billions of dollars spent on SNAP each year.
But according to Vilsack, "it's millions of dollars of additional opportunity, which helps to support local communities and it's likely to grow over time."
Dive Brief:
IBM introduced a new feature in its Tone Analyzer service Thursday designed to help chatbots better understand consumers' tones and respond appropriately.
The service detects communication tones in conversations to indicate frustration, satisfaction, excitement, politeness, impoliteness, sadness and sympathy, according to IBM.
The feature is already in use by Yappy and KNOLSKAPE to improve client engagement in the e-commerce and professional learning and development industries.
Dive Insight:
By automating certain functions that normally require human labor, chatbots can streamline processes and save businesses time and money. But to make them work well in the call center, the chatbot has to have a basic understanding of sentiment, or risk frustrating customers further. Until now, chatbots have been poorly equipped to recognize sentiment.
But it's a problem worth addressing. A report released by Juniper Research in May found chatbots have the potential to save businesses in the healthcare and banking sectors more than $8 billion per year by 2022, up from $20 million in 2017. Chatbots are particularly effective in the call center, where Juniper found they can potentially save businesses an average of more than 4 minutes per call when compared with traditional call centers.
New chatbot offerings for the enterprise have been on the rise this year. In March, Amazon Web Services announced Amazon Connect, a self-service, cloud-based contact center service for the enterprise. The service uses Amazon's virtual assistant Alexa to respond to questions over the phone or via text, its Lex chatbot building service and its text-to-speech program Polly. It's not clear if AWS has mastered the "tone and sentiment" issue yet.
Some companies, including Intel, Twitter and IBM, are also experimenting with sentiment-analysis software to determine employee concerns and, in some cases, develop programs to help improve the likelihood employees will stay on the job in the ultra-competitive tech arena.
Nabakumar Hait was rushed to the hospital where doctors declared them dead. Photo: ANI
A police constable in West Bengal's East Midnapore district was shot dead by a group of unidentified men while patrolling on Thursday night.
The incident occurred when two police officers of Mahishadal police station suspected two persons standing near NH41 with a bag. On confrontation, the two persons began hurling bombs and also opened fire at the constables.
Nabakumar Hait managed to nab one of them, when they were shot by the other suspect from point blank range. The suspected duo fled thereafter.
Hait was rushed to Mahishadal hospital and then Tamluk hospital where doctors declared them dead.
Police superintendent of East Midnapore, Additional police superintendent, Circle inspector of Mahishadal and a police force has rushed to the incident spot. A search is on to nab the two persons.
Watch full video here:
Night Mode / Dark Mode for Steemit.com
Hey Steemers!
I recently found out about Steemit, as part of my new adventure in the exciting world of cryptocurrency trading. I think the whole project is really fantastic, and have never felt more like I was really part of something in the early days of its greatness.
I've been lurking for a little while, and wanted to kick off my participation here by making a small contribution to the community. I'm a big fan of night mode / dark mode wherever it's available, but I couldn't find any options for Steemit.
I've been using Poloinex.com as my primary exchange while I learn about crypto, and their night mode is among the best I've seen; so I used it as inspiration to create one for myself, and for all of you!
For those of you already familiar with Stylish & userstyles.org , or otherwise ready to dive in, here's a link directly to the style:
If the style becomes popular, I'll start a repo or gist on GitHub soon so I can easily accept open source contributions for improvements. I may also need help keeping it up to date as the Steemit.com team makes changes to the underlying markup here.
For anyone who isn't familiar with Stylish, but wants to use the dark style, here are some step-by-step instructions for how to get up & running with Steemit Night Mode and the Stylish extension for Chrome:
1. Get Stylish
Click here for the Stylish extension download page.
Click the blue + Add to Chrome button, then make sure you click the Add extension button in the popup that slides down from the address bar.
2. Get Steemit Night Mode from Userstyles.org
You can just click the direct link above if you prefer, but I wanted to give a glimpse of the Stylish extension while we're here. On any site you visit, you can use the extension panel to find & manage styles for all your favorite sites. The link at the bottom of the panel will take you to find more styles for the site, including Steemit Night Mode.
The Stylish extension also allows you to easily toggle user styles on & off as needed, for the inevitable occasions when you encounter glitches; or if you prefer the default, blinding white version of the web during the day... weirdo... :)
3. Let me know if you like it, and how I can make it better. Thanks!
I'm really happy to be here with everyone. Follow me, and let's make it a permanent holiday together!
Add the Bonehead Of The Day Award to your Google page
RSS feed Love it? Yeah? Then tell me!
Click the 5th star, the rightmost.
Or, if you must, click a different one
See prior stories at Bonehead Of The Day Award
So, What do you think? Give us your thoughts! Leave a comment! Hey, you !!! Join the Bonehead of The Day Award ! Yes, that's right. We now offer membership in the Bonehead Of The Day Award because we can and because it doesn't cost us anything. Of course to be a valid membership thingy we have to offer great membership benefits:
You will never be considered for a Bonehead Of The Day Award. By definition you've proved that you are better than such a silly thing. Joining is brilliant!
You get all the benefits of Google Friend Connect , whatever they are .
You get all the benefits of , . Will try to think of more and add them later.
Use the RSS feed to see new stories as they are published You can also use the RSS feed to add the Bonehead Of The Day stories directly into your blog!
Now follow us on Twitte r @Bonehead_Award The feed is at: http://Bonehead.Oddballs.com/bonehead.rss Bonehead Of The Day Award
"Can you imagine if I said that?"
Evan Vucci / AP
Donald Trump on Saturday blasted rapper Jay-Z for the "bad language" the rapper used at a concert supporting Hillary Clinton. "I actually like Jay-Z, but you know the language last night. Oh, oh," Trump told the crowd in Tampa, Florida, of the Friday night concert in Cleveland. "I was thinking maybe I'll just try it, should I use that language if — can you imagine if I said that?"
Trump said the rapper "used every word in the book last night." "I won't even use the initials because I'll get in trouble," Trump said. "They'll get me in trouble."
Jay-Z's explicit song lyrics, which include "fuck" and the n-word, were not censored for the concert. Vendredi 20:47 - Jay-Z
Trump said that they like Jay-Z and Beyoncé, "but they used language last night that was so bad, and then Hillary said, 'I did not like Donald Trump's lewd language.'" "My lewd language. I tell you what, I've never said what they said in my life," Trump said. "But that shows you the phoniness of politicians and the phoniness of the whole system, folks."
Matt Rourke / AP
Trump supporters echoed the candidate's statements, criticizing Jay-Z for their language, as well as Democrats. If Jay-Z had rapped verbatim what @realDonaldTrump said on that 2005 Access Hollywood hot-mic, Hillary would have applauded it last night.
Hillary & Michelle Obama so offended over Trump's private conversation...but Jay-Z uses F word & N word at Hillary concert. No problem.
However, others pointed out that Trump has a history of saying demeaning things about women and that "Jay-Z isn't running for president." Jay-Z isn't running for President and your candidate is a serial assaulter, but keep clutching those pearls. https://t.co/6mkQjF6rQ3
Donald Trump brags about sexual assault but yet they have a problem with Jay-Z's language #AMJoy
Clinton campaign chairperson John Podesta on Sunday called Trump's attack on Jay-Z's language "inexplicable" and said they aren't sure it was "smart for him." Clinton camp chair Podesta says Trump "inexplicably" attacked Jay-Z, Beyonce: "I'm not sure that's smart for him" https://t.co/DA4Rt6fl1K
Target has finalized an investment in Casper Sleep, pumping $75 million into the fast-growing mattress startup in a funding round that will total $100 million or more, according to a source familiar with the deal.
Existing Casper investors like Lerer Hippeau Ventures, IVP and NEA are also participating in the round. New investors, in addition to Target, could send the round over $100 million.
The investment comes after Target and Casper could not come to terms on an outright acquisition after Target offered to buy the startup for $1 billion.
“Target invested in Casper because we believe in their team, their ideas and their vision for reimagining sleep,” a Target spokesperson said in a statement, but declined to confirm the amount invested.
The statement continued: “The strategic partnership offers Casper access to an established retail brand and gives Target an opportunity to work with a future-focused digital brand that is exploring an area that is meaningful for our guests — sleep and wellness. We're looking forward to exploring the future together.”
Casper, which is known for its foam mattresses that it ships to customers folded up in a box, last raised $55 million at a valuation of around $500 million in the summer of 2015. The startup received a higher valuation with this new investment, though the exact terms could not be learned.
For Target, the investment signals a move to put its money where its mouth is in its attempt to reclaim some of the cool factor that made it a hit among discount retailers for so long through relationships with popular designers and brands.
Target is launching more than a dozen of its own brands over the next two years in categories like Home and Kids to appeal to young families.
It's also partnering with digital-first product makers like Casper — most recently — as well as Bevel, Harry's and Who What Wear to sell their goods with the hope of driving younger shoppers onto its website and into its stores.
For Casper, the new money gives it the funds to continue to expand into new products and invest in marketing as it tries to become known for more than just mattresses and break away from a pack of competitors like Leesa and Tuft & Needle, which have raised little to no venture capital but are still growing. Industry insiders also expect more traditional mattress companies to enter the “bed in a box” market in the coming year.
While people close to Casper believe the company has its sights on an eventual IPO, it's unclear whether having Target as an investor would scare off other potential suitors from the retail world along the way.
Jim C. Hines is the author of nine published books and many, many short stories. He's also the author of one previously unpublished novel, Rise of the Spider Goddess. Rise was never published because it's awful. Really, really awful. Hines says, “I wrote this one during my sophomore year in college, based on my then-favorite Dungeons and Dragons character, Nakor the Purple. A D&D character I had created based on Raymond Feist's Riftwar books, making it doubly original.”
Eventually Hines decided to publish their book because they hoped to help other writers learn “what not to do”, and because “I thought giving my own book the Mystery Science Theater treatment sounded like a lot of fun!”
The book includes annotations from the author talking about what's going on (and usually, what's going wrong) in the book. For example, when Nakor is introduced, the book reads:
The wind blew their long, blond hair away from their face, revealing pointed elvish ears. Clear, pure blue eyes watched contently as the sun continued to sink behind the horizon.
And Hines notes:
We hope those eyes are, in fact, Nakor's, but you never know. This is fantasy, after all.
Hines describes Rise of the Spider Goddess as a book, which is “bad”, and this is not false modesty. The book is absolutely terrible. It's sloppy. It's cliché. It's confusing. The characters are stock characters and frankly most of them are pretty jerky. The hero, Nakor, is a pompous, amoral ass. The book is derivative and boring. It's also exactly the kind of thing I would have written as a sophomore in college if I had managed to squeeze in novel writing into my busy schedule of broken hearted and pretentious poetry writing.
What makes this worth your time is the annotations. Not only are they very funny, they serve as a master class in writing. Here are a few things to watch for in the notes:
A running tally of eyebrow raises (hint – there's a lot).
Angsty moments and tragic backstories, highlighted for your convenience (“Even the bird has a tragic backstory”).
Ethical problems (“And they all shared a hearty chuckle as their enemies were mauled and mutilated by an angry bear.”)
Completely original names, such as ‘Galadrion'. (“Galadrion's name was totally not stolen from Lord of the Rings. Really! It's completely original, just like the rest of this book!”)
I laughed my head off at the annotations, but I learned from them too. I would expect this book to be a great tool to a fiction writer. It certainly helped me be a better reviewer, since I so often look at a work of fiction and think, “Something is wrong…but what? Must be specific! What, exactly, is so awful about this book?”
As an example of how this works, I give you Hines' thoughts on world building. If you think about J.R.R. Tolkien's book, The Hobbit, you can picture a world beyond the places where the characters go. Other characters that we never see are clearly leading busy lives. There's politics and history and all sorts of things going on behind the scenes. Even though The Hobbit is the simplest of Tolkien's Middle Earth books, there's still a map beyond the trails the characters walk on. Of their world building efforts (or lack of), Hines says this:
Of course these random travellers on the road just happen to be connected to Nakor's quest. The way the world building is going, nothing outside Nakor's quest exists at all. If you drew a map of the world, it would literally be the routes their companions took and the places they stopped. The rest of the page would be blank.
This is a book that will appeal to people who love humor and to people who are interested in the nuts and bolts of writing. Trust me, you won't really read Rise. You'll skim, looking for the annotations. I had so much fun yelling new numbers to my husband as the eyebrow count went up. After a certain point they informed me that they had the gist, but that did not stop me from yelling, “Nine!” or whatever at irregular intervals. I also found the annotations to be truly helpful in showing me where a story can go wrong.
Above all, I found this book to be encouraging. Yes, it's awful, but you can tell that the guy who wrote it loved fantasy and really wanted to tell a story, even though they didn't know how. That guy kept at it. They read and read and wrote and wrote and honed their craft and became Jim C. Hines. It made me believe that writing is a learned skill. Want to write? Practice and practice and practice, and don't hide your first (terrible) book in shame. It was a start, which is farther than most people get. Just to be clear, the grade is for the annotations, not for the original novel itself.
DC SIGNS HUMPHRIES TO CREATE CONTENT FOR DC AND VERTIGO
BURBANK, Calif. (September 27, 2016) - DC Entertainment continues to expand its roster of top name talent, announcing today that it has reached an agreement with writer Sam Humphries (GREEN LANTERNS) to create comic book content solely for the publisher's DC and Vertigo imprints.
Reflecting on bringing their talents to DC, Humphries said, "I am thrilled to be writing at DC Entertainment. Today's announcement takes an already spectacular creative partnership to the next level."
Humphries' first assignment was teaming up with artist Robson Rocha for the highly anticipated GREEN LANTERNS. Humphries talent for strong character writing has resulted in an elevated status for Geoff Johns' creations Simon Baz and Jessica Cruz within the DC Universe.
“We're very excited to have Sam come to DC,” said DC's Editor-in-Chief Bob Harras. “Sam is telling human stories that readers are emotionally connecting to, which is what being a Green Lantern is all about. Jessica and Simon are in great hands.”
Fans can look forward to Sam's next story arc, The Phantom Lantern, in October when Simon and Jessica face an ancient predecessor to the Green Lantern's rings that has all the power of a Lantern ring with none of the safeguards.
"Rebirth is an exciting time in comics, where nothing is impossible,” continued Humphries. “The Green Lanterns have one of the most storied legacies in comics, and never has the future felt so epic. Getting to write things like a new oath for the Phantom Lantern... as a creator you feel the history, and you feel the excitement for what's to come."
Humphries is the newest name to be added to DC's roster of talent. DC has also recently signed artists Liam Sharp (WONDER WOMAN), Andy Kubert (DARK KNIGHT III), writers Dan Abnett (TITANS, AQUAMAN), Amanda Conner (HARLEY QUINN), James Tynion IV (DETECTIVE COMICS) and more. Stay tuned for more upcoming announcements as DC continues to expand its talent pool.
EA Believes That Making A Lot Of Money Is Less Important Than Keeping Games Expensive
from the really-now? dept
We won't be doing that. Obviously they think it's the right thing to do after a certain amount of time. I just think it cheapens your intellectual property. I know both sides of it, I understand it. If you want to sell a whole bunch of units, that is certainly a way to do that, to sell a whole bunch of stuff at a low price. The gamemakers work incredibly hard to make this intellectual property, and we're not trying to be Target. We're trying to be Nordstrom. When I say that, I mean good value - we're trying to give you a fair price point, and occasionally there will be things that are on sale you could look for a discount, just don't look for 75 percent off going-out-of-business sales.
One of the more bizarre things that we see in the debate over "piracy" is that when we ask people what's more important -- stopping piracy or making more money -- there are some who actually argue that stopping piracy is more important. I have to admit that I can't get my head around this concept, but apparently it extends even beyond the issue of "piracy" to the issue of pricing as well. vegetaman points us to an absolutely bizarre interview with the head of EA's Origin platform, David DeMartini, in which he's asked by GamesIndustry.biz how they feel about Valve's regular deep discounting of games , something we've discussed at length before. DeMartini is not impressed, claiming that itExcept that totally ignores the reality of the situation and suggests big trouble for the way EA does business. As Valve has made clear , when it does those deep discounts, the increase in salesthe revenue made prior to those discounts. That's not a "going out of business" sale. It's a "let's make a hell of a lot more money" sale.I'm honestly at a complete loss here. DeMartini literally seems to be claiming that making less money is a better business strategy because it doesn't "cheapen your intellectual property." Apparently the man is entirely unfamiliar with price elasticity, and how lowering your price can lead to more revenue (something which most people think is a good thing). So here's a case where we aren't even talking about "piracy," but instead DeMartini's assessment of what games must be priced at -- andwhat the market says is the profit maximizing price. In what world is it a smart business strategy to keep prices high if it's guaranteed to make you less money... all because you want some perceived "value" to be higher, even if fewer people want to buy it?
Filed Under: david demartini, origin platform, price elasticity, pricing, video games
Companies: electronic arts, valve
Catholics get this sort of thing thrown at them all the time: "The Vatican is too wealthy! It should sell everything and give it to the poor or send it to Africa or something!"
People who say such a thing have no clue what they're talking about. My challenge:
Go to Google
Type in "Net worth of"
Follow the above with the word "Vatican"
Do as above, but replace "Vatican" with "Mark Zuckerberg"
Do as above, but replace "Zuckerbgerg" with "Bill Gates"
Do as above, but replace "Bill Gates" with "James Simon"
Do as above, but replace "James Simon" with "Len Blavatnik"
Do as above, but replace "Len Blavatnik" with "Warren Buffet"
Do as above, but replace "Warren Buffet" with "George Soros"
Do as above, but replace "George Soros" with "Rothschild"
Do as above, but replace "Rothschild" with "Steven Spielberg"
Here's what I found, just now, upon doing this:
So, OK, the Vatican has more money than Spielberg. You win! But seriously, the Vatican isn't even close to being as wealthy as some people seem to think it is. And those same people aren't going after Spielberg to send all their money to Africa.
But even if the Church were as wealthy as some people like to think, consider: throughout the 2,000 years of Them existence, the Church has been given beautiful works of art, and has commissioned many as well. We Catholics believe our church buildings should be beautiful, inspiring, the best we can offer. A crucial point to remember is that our churches are more than mere places to gather and have "services"; they are quite literally places where Christ Himself is Present on our altars and in the tabernacles, so throughout History, Catholics have donated and labored to build the most beautiful churches they can. Just think of all the tradesmen working to build a cathedral that'd take 200 years to complete!
The house of God, a Catholic labor of love
We carry on the tradition set forth in the Old Testament, filling our churches with carvings, paintings, precious liturgical vessels (which hold the very Body, Blood, Soul, and Divinity of Christ Himself!). Read about what the Temples used by our spiritual ancestors were like! They weren't drab, dreary, whitewashed rooms with bare walls! Not even close! Read chapters 3 and 4 of II Paralipomenon (II Chronicles in your Bibles) to learn how King Solomon built the Temple. When you do, you'll read things such as:
And the porch in the front..he overlaid it within with pure gold. And the greater house they ceiled with deal boards, and overlaid them with plates of fine gold throughout: and they graved in them palm trees, and like little chains interlaced with one another. They paved also the floor of the temple with most precious marble, of great beauty. And the gold of the plates with which they overlaid the house, and the beams thereof, and the posts, and the walls, and the doors was of the finest: and they graved cherubims on the walls.
They made also the house of the holy of holies... and they overlaid it with plates of gold...He made also nails of gold, and the weight of every nail was fifty sicles: the upper chambers also they overlaid with gold. They made also in the house of the holy of holies two cherubims of image work: and they overlaid them with gold.
[Th]e wings of the two cherubims were spread forth...and they stood upright on their feet, and their faces were turned toward the house without. They made also a veil of violet, purple, scarlet, and silk: and wrought in its cherubims.
And they made ten golden candlesticks, according to the form which they were commanded to be made by: and they set them in the temple, five on the right hand, and five on the left. Moreover also ten tables: and they set them in the temple, five on the right side, and five on the left. Also a hundred bowls of gold.
And the multitude of vessels was innumerable, so that the weight of the brass was not known. And Solomon made all the vessels for the house of God, and the golden altar, and the tables, upon which were the leaves of proposition, The candlesticks also of most pure gold with their lamps to give light before the oracle, according to the manner.
And certain flowers, and lamps, and golden tongs: all were made of the finest gold. The vessels also for the perfumes, and the censers, and the bowls, and the mortars, of pure gold. And they graved the doors of the inner temple, that is, for the holy of holies: and the doors of the temple without were of gold Now, does that sound more like a (traditional) Catholic Church -- or a Baptist, Pentecostal, Evangelical, or Quaker building? Does this sound like Joel Osteen's mega-church auditorium at all? Does Pastor Hagee's worship space look anything like this?
The New Covenant is the Old Covenant fulfiflled. The priestly authority described in the Old Testament passed on to Catholic priests, not to Pharisaic rabbis (who are the progenitors of modern Judaism, a radically different religion than the religion of the Old Testament) or to Protestant ministers who didn't exist until the 16th century and who don't offer the Sacrifice prophesied in the first chapter of Malachi:
For from the rising of the sun even to the going down, my name is great among the Gentiles, and in every place there is sacrifice, and there is offered to my name a clean oblation: for my name is great among the Gentiles, saith the Lord of hosts.
Consider, too, the words of Christ Himself, spoken against those who thought that Mary Magdalene erred when they anointed Christ instead of selling the ointment they used and giving it to the poor. Sound familiar? From Mark 14:3-10
And when they were in Bethania, in the house of Simon the leper, and was at meat, there came a woman having an alabaster box of ointment of precious spikenard: and breaking the alabaster box, they poured it out upon their head.
Now there were some that had indignation within themselves, and said: Why was this waste of the ointment made? For this ointment might have been sold for more than three hundred pence, and given to the poor. And they murmured against them
But Jesus said: Let them alone, why do you molest her? They have wrought a good work upon me. For the poor you have always with you: and whensoever you will, you may do them good: but me you have not always. They have done what they could: they are come beforehand to anoint my body for burial. Amen, I say to you, wheresoever this gospel shall be preached in the whole world, that also which they have done, shall be told for a memorial of them
And Judas Iscariot, one of the twelve, went to the chief priests, to betray them to them. Mary's beautiful act of love and humility seems to have been the very thing that sent Judas off in the wrong direction! How Judas-like are those non-Catholics who accuse the Catholic Church of doing the very thing St. Mary Magdalen did -- and become enraged over it! When slurs about the Church's alleged wealth are hurled at Catholics, they're never done with a gentle, wondering attitude, as in, for example, "I see that you're very serious about your Catholic faith, but one thing I just don't understand is how the Vatican can have so much material wealth and doesn't use it for the poor. That's always bothered me. Can you help me understand the thinking behind that?" Oh, no. It comes at us like this, "The Vatican is a corrupt, nasty institution, leading people astray. It's got a rancid, violent History, with stuff like the Spanish Inquisition and the Crusades! They've got all this money and they sit on it while people are dying! The Pope lives like the *^%*%$ king of the world; they don't care about the poor!" It's very, very ugly.
First of all, the Catholic Church is the single greatest charitable institution in the History of man . We're the ones who invented soup kitches. And hospitals. And orphanages. We have entire religious orders devoted to serve the poor and sick. Forbes ranks the Catholic Charities USA as being among the top fifteen largest charities in the United States, with our having spent $4.5 billion dollars -- money collected from Christ-loving Catholics -- caring for just the American needy in 2014 alone.1 And that's just the United States. We have missions, hospitals, orphanages, homeless shelters, soup kitchens, etc., all over the planet . For example, according to Rome Reports, here's what the Church does just for Africa. It runs: 1,074 hospitals
5,373 primary care centers
186 leprosy treatment centers
1,279 clinics
753 homes for the elderly and disabled
979 orphanages
1,997 nurseries
1,590 marriage counseling centers
2,947 social education centers In addition to caring for the needy and sick is the caring for our cultural heritage. The Vatican preserves the great works of art that've been entrusted to the Church, and makes them available to the entire world in its museums. These beautiful works, freely given to or commissioned by the Church, are meant to inspire us! Would the world be better off if these invaluable treasures of the Western world were removed from Vatican museums, auctioned off at Sotheby's, and turned into tchotchke sitting in some Jewish guy's Manhattan penthouse? Really?
Now, it must be understood that Vatican City is its own country, and has expenses like every other country in the world does. It must pay for its infrastructure, its police, its utilities, its missions, payroll for its employees, etc., etc. Just the Vatican radio station alone has over 300 employees! That's a lot that an entire country has to pay for with a mere 10 billion dollars. That amount of money is not far from what Israel gets every year from the American taxpayer just for military funding.
Some people go on about the various properties owned by the Church throughout the world. Well! God forbid Catholics should have parishes where they can attend Mass, schools to educate their children, or places where nuns, sisters, monks, and brothers can live so they can continue their work of feeding the poor, caring for the homeless, tending to the sick, etc. Other faith communities can have their synagogues, mosques, or buildings in which to hold their services, so why can't we? Some Protestants are even fine with those huge megachurches -- those things that look like sports arenas and come packaged with snack bars, coffee shops, gyms, basketball courts, ATMs, gift shops, bookstores, etc. The average income of just one of those huge places was $6.5 million in 2007, half of which went to salaries.2 These ginormous structures can cost $20 million dollars to build -- not a problem, of course, because they're Protestant. But when it comes to Catholics -- well, I guess we're expected to attend Mass in rooms we rent from our local libraries or something, and our priests should be living on bread and water (as it is, the typical priest's yearly income is $40,000 per year. 3 Trash collectors make $34,420, and the average schoolbus driver's salary is $31,509. And they don't work 7 days a week or get sick calls in the middle of the night either.). Whatever!
All the parishes and monasteries around the world aren't even owned by "the Pope" or "the Vatican"; they're owned by the various Bishops and the religious orders in question. So, please, stop talking about how "the Vatican" or "the Pope" is "too wealthy" and -- what? Should sell the Sistine Chapel so it can be turned into a disco and the proceeds sent to Africa, where some African "Big Man" leader will use it all for themselves while their people starve? No thanks!
And finally, the Catholic Church is not the largest land-owner in the world; Queen Elizabeth II is.
Footnotes:
1 "The 50 Largest U.S. Charities," Forbes Magazine. Retrieved October 5, 2016. URL: http://www.forbes.com/companies/catholic-charities-usa/
2 "America's Biggest Megachurches", Forbes Magazine. Retrieved October 5, 1016. URL: http://www.forbes.com/2009/06/26/americas-biggest-megachurches-business-megachurches.html 3 Parish priests, by the way, don't make vows of poverty. Only the religious (nuns, monks, brothers, sisters), including religious priests (priests who offer Mass for their religious orders), do.
As frontrunner Donald Trump brings new members into the Republican fold while ostracizing old ones, their chief rival, Ted Cruz, is consciously pursuing a "big tent" when it comes to foreign policy. Cruz released their foreign policy team on Thursday, and while they have been attacked for choosing outspoken critics of Islam, they also picked moderating voices to assemble, as Bloomberg put it, a "team of foreign policy rivals."
The big name driving progressives off the wall is Frank Gaffney, well known for their belief that President Obama is secretly a follower of Mohammed. New York Magazine's Eric Levitz called Gaffney "the Joe McCarthy of Islamophobia." Gaffney first released the poll which led Trump to take their controversial stand against Muslim immigration. Levitz explained that "for Gaffney, Barack Hussein Obama is but the tip of the iceberg -- in truth, the Muslim Brotherhood has placed operatives throughout the federal government." Among these, Gaffney lists Clinton adviser Huma Abedin and tax-cut apostle Grover Norquist.
These claims are beyond the pale, and most conservatives likely do not acknowledge them. There is a grain of truth in Gaffney's approach, however. Many in the federal government support the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR), which has been linked to the Muslim Brotherhood. In 2014, the United Arab Emirates (UAE) declared the organization a terror group and FBI charts connect it to Hamas.
In addition to Gaffney, Cruz's foreign policy team includes three others who work for Gaffney's think tank, the Center for Security Policy: former CIA officers Fred Fleitz and Clare Lopez, and former Army Special Forces Master Sergeant Jim Hanson. Also in this vein is Andrew McCarthy, a former assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted the first World Trade Center bombing and a PJ Media columnist. McCarthy published a book arguing that backers of political Islam are seeking to impose Sharia law in America.
But Cruz's new foreign policy team also includes many who reject Gaffney's broad view that Muslims who support Sharia by definition believe in a totalitarian ideology at war with America. Former Reagan administration official Michael Ledeen -- also a member of Cruz's team and a PJ Media columnist -- explained, "We're at war with a coalition of radical Islamists and radial secularists. It's not all one thing, nor is Islam all one thing."
Next Page: Other Cruz Advisers with More Nuanced Approaches to Islam, What This List Means for the Libertarians backing Cruz.
Jim Talent, a former Missouri senator considered a neoconservative who had previously advised Romney in 2008 and 2012, and who joined the Rubio team first, has now joined Cruz. Also advising Cruz is Mary Habeck, a former staffer on George W. Bush's national security council and an expert on jihadi organizations, who has vociferously warned against demonizing all Muslims.
Another member of Cruz's team, Elliott Abrams, helped create Bush's policy to empower moderate Muslims in the Middle East against radicals. Abrams laid out a very nuanced approach in comments to Bloomberg View:
It's now 15 years since 9/11, and I think it's obvious that Muslim citizens in the U.S. and Muslim leaders abroad have an absolutely critical role to play in fighting jihadis and other Muslim extremists. This is partly a battle within Islam that they are going to have [to] fight and win. Alienating these potential allies is the kind of foolish policy that the Obama administration has engaged in when it comes to Arab states that are our allies.
By electing outspoken critics of Islam, as well as those with more nuanced views, Cruz can claim to balance one group with the other. This list of advisers may undermine their semi-libertarian early declarations that America should not engage too much in nation-building and should focus on United States interests first and foremost. Nevertheless, libertarians may still flock to their banner, over a candidate who champions eminent domain and pay-for-play crony capitalism.
Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton delivers the keynote to the Eagle Academy Foundation annual fundraising breakfast in Gotham Hall on April 29. | Getty Clinton: I'm very experienced with men who go 'off the reservation'
Hillary Clinton has a message for Donald Trump ahead of the general election: "I have a lot of experience dealing with men who sometimes get off the reservation in the way they behave and how they speak."
"I'm not going to deal with their temper tantrums or their bullying or their efforts to try to provoke me," Clinton said in an excerpt of an interview with CNN's Jake Tapper aired Friday. "He can say whatever they want to say about me. I could really care less."
The answer came after Tapper asked Clinton if they have learned anything about how to take on Trump from the Republican candidates who have dealt with them in the primaries. Earlier on Friday, Trump attacked Clinton on Twitter, writing that in addition to being "perhaps the most dishonest person to have ever run for the presidency, is also one of the all-time great enablers!"
Trump has previously broached the issue of Bill Clinton's sexual history, tweeting in December that the former president has a “terrible record of women abuse.”
"I'm going to stand up for what I think the American people need and want in the next president," Clinton said. "That's why I've laid out very specific plans."
"There's nothing secret about what I want to do with the economy, with education, with health care, with foreign policy. I've laid it all out there," they said, taking another shot at Trump. "And they can't or they won't. I can't tell which. So we're going to talk about what we want to do for the country and they can continue on their insult fest but that's the choice he's making."
In 2009-2010, AMD launched the entire 4 chip Evergreen series in 6 months. By previous standards this was a quick pace for a new design, especially since AMD had not previously attempted a 4 chip launch in such a manner. Now in 2012 AMD's Southern Islands team is hard at work at wrapping up their own launch with new aspirations on quickness. Evergreen may have launched 4 chips in 6 months, but this month AMD will be completing the 3 chip Southern Islands launch in half the time – 3 chips in a mere 3 months.
To that end today AMD is taking the wraps off the final piece of the Southern Islands puzzle: Pitcairn. The middle child of the family, it will be the basis of AMD's $250+ enthusiast segment Radeon HD 7800 series. We've seen AMD capture the high-end with the 7900 series and struggle to control the mainstream market with the 7700 series, but how does the 7800 series fare amidst AMD's lead in deploying 28nm GPUs? Let's find out.
AMD GPU Specification Comparison AMD Radeon HD 7870 AMD Radeon HD 7850 AMD Radeon HD 6970 AMD Radeon HD 6950 AMD Radeon HD 5870 Stream Processors 1280 1024 1536 1408 1600 Texture Units 80 64 96 88 80 ROPs 32 32 32 32 32 Core Clock 1000MHz 860MHz 880MHz 800MHz 850MHz Memory Clock 4.8GHz GDDR5 4.8GHz GDDR5 5.5GHz GDDR5 5.0GHz GDDR5 4.8GHz GDDR5 Memory Bus Width 256-bit 256-bit 256-bit 256-bit 256-bit Frame Buffer 2GB 2GB 2GB 2GB 1GB FP64 1/16 1/16 1/4 1/4 1/5 Transistor Count 2.8B 2.8B 2.64B 2.64B 2.15B PowerTune Limit 190W 150W 250W 200W N/A Manufacturing Process TSMC 28nm TSMC 28nm TSMC 40nm TSMC 40nm TSMC 40nm Architecture GCN GCN VLIW4 VLIW4 VLIW5 Price Point $350 $250 N/A N/A N/A
So what exactly is Pitcairn? In a nutshell, take Cape Verde (7700) and double it, and you have Pitcairn. Pitcairn has twice the number of CUs, twice the number of ROPs, twice the memory bandwidth, and of particular importance twice as many geometry engines on the frontend. This works out to 1280 SPs among 20 CUs – organized as a doubling Cape Verde's interesting 4/3/3 configuration – 80 texture units, 32 ROPs, 512KB L2 cache, and a 256-bit memory bus. Compared to Tahiti, Pitcairn still has 12 fewer CUs and as a result less shader and texturing performance along with the narrower memory bus, but it has the same number of ROPs and the same frontend as its bigger brother, which as we'll see creates some very interesting situations.
On the functionality side of things, the Cape Verde comparisons continue. As with all Southern Islands family parts, Pitcairn supports things such as DX10+ SSAA, PowerTune, Fast HDMI support, partially resident textures, D3D 11.1 support, and the still-AWOL Video Codec Engine (VCE). FP64 support is once again present, and like Cape Verde it's a performance-limited implementation for compatibility and software development purposes, with FP64 performance limited to 1/16th FP32 performance.
AMD's Pitcairn cards will be the Radeon HD 7870 GHz Edition and the Radeon HD 7850. The 7870 is a full Pitcairn, clocked at 1000MHz core and paired with 2GB of GDDR5 running at 4.8GHz. It has a PowerTune limit of 190W while AMD puts its typical board power draw closer to 175, meanwhile idle power consumption is around 10W with a long idle of 3W like the rest of Southern Islands. As for the 7850 it's the typical lower tier part, featuring 16 active CUs (1024 SPs), an 860MHz core clock, and the same 2GB of GDDR5 running at 4.8GHz as its counterpart, giving it roughly 68% the shading/texturing performance and 86% of the ROP & frontend performance of the 7870. The PowerTune limit is 150W with a typical board power of 130W, and the same 10W/3W idle power consumption as the 7870.
Altogether the 7800 series isn't just the successor to the Barts based 6800 series in name but also the successor to the 6800 in design. This includes not only power consumption, with one card being a sub-150W part, but also with regards to things such as CrossFire, where it features a single CF connector. Interestingly enough even though Barts was already a fairly small chip for its performance, Pitcairn takes this one step further with a die size of 212mm2, which in turn contains 2.8B transistors, only 160M more than Cayman. As we'll see when we get to our benchmarks, this makes Pitcairn a surprisingly small chip given its 6970+ performance.
Speaking of the 6970, let's talk about the 7800 series' competition. As AMD began winding down Cayman (6900 series) almost immediately with the launch of the 7900 series, at this point the 6900 market has effectively dried up. Having taken themselves out of competition with themselves, AMD's only competition is NVIDIA's lineup. From a performance and price basis the 7870 and 7850 don't map particularly well to any specific NVIDIA products, but generally speaking they're targeted against the GTX 570 and GTX 560 Ti respectively.
With AMD targeting the ~$320 570 and ~$210 560 Ti and given their conservative pricing on the rest of Southern Islands, it should come as no surprise that the 7800 series is priced equally conservatively. The 7870 will have an MSRP of $350, while the 7850 will have an MSRP of $250. With the 7800 series completing the launch of Southern Islands, this gives AMD a consistent price structure for the entire family: $550, $450, $350, $250, $159, and $109.
Finally, as far as availability goes this will be a delayed launch. AMD is formally unveiling the 7800 series today, but it will not go on sale until the 19th, 2 weeks from now. AMD has said that this is due to both CeBIT and the Game Developers Conference; AMD and their partners want to be able to show off the 7800 series to their respective attendees at those events, with both events being far too large to keep the 7800 under wraps. This delayed launch also means that partner cards aren't quite ready yet, so we only have AMD's reference cards on hand. We'll be taking a look at partner cards later this month.
I look at Sovereign Tristan Durant as the Sith Lord version of their original youthful and fresh-faced Initiate self. With this evolution, they become yet another faceless weapon in Menoth's army.
Here you can see their Sovereign status realized with the addition of full-blown warcaster armor and menacing facemask, courtesy of concept artist Andrea Uderzo. Once again, Andrea has realized our vision for a character with stunning clarity.
Tristan becomes even more menacing with a color pass by Mike Vaillancourt, which brings out Tristan's fiery demeanor. There is no way anyone is mistaking this warcaster for one of the good guys.
Whatever… Just because they are cooking up some bane knights in this illustration by the talented Néstor Ossandón doesn't make Tristan a good guy. After all, Cryx are the heroes of my internal narrative. (NOTE: THIS IS THE SECOND NEW WARCASTER IN A ROW TO BE PUTTING THE BEATDOWN ON CRYX; I NEED TO TELL MIKE V. TO CUT THE CRAP!)
With all the work we put into these characters, it's always great to get to utilize them as much as we can. In the upcoming Forces of WARMACHINE: Protectorate of Menoth Command book, Tristan takes the spotlight in one of our faction background illustrations. We took this opportunity to show the face of the man you already know from their previous version but put them into their warcaster armor this time.
Above you can see three sketches from Néstor. We wanted to showcase Tristan leading their troops, but instead of a commanding presence, we wanted to show their reverence to Menoth in the face of battle as they lead their troops in prayer to The Creator. We liked the first one the best, as it really seemed to humanize our now-faceless character.
In the end, Néstor nailed all the feels with this moody image, which is one of my favorite of late.
Meanwhile, behind the façade of this innocent-looking sculpting studio, Ron Kruzie has the miniature underway with the super-talented Javier García Ureña (who did an amazing job on the limited-edition bookends for the new editions of WARMACHINE and HORDES—Love you, Javier). Here you see a few of Kruzie's notes before to sculpt is posed out.
The final sculpt showcases Tristan's leadership in a different light than their story art does and places the character firmly in their tabletop role.
Shortly after completion of the digital sculpt, the kick-ass Privateer production team delivers a paint master to studio painter Dallas Kemp, whose skill and attention to detail bring the final miniature to life. As you can see, it takes a village to bring one of these characters to life. And if you want to burn a village down, make sure to pick up Sovereign Tristan Durant at GenCon and the Privateer Press Online Store next week, from August 4th through 7th.
"There might be 1100 members of Eastlakes Golf Club but probably thousands of kids in that area struggling to get space to play soccer and Aussie Rules," they say. "Having that much open space often used exclusively for private purposes is just not good planning." Sydney's 91 golf courses cover some 38 square kilometres of open space but are accessible only by members or paying guests. If the 62-hectares reserved for the exclusive, members-only Australian Golf Club, in Rosebery, where the Australian Open will be held in November, were converted to houses or apartments, the residential land value would potentially be upwards of $1.7 billion. Teed up for development? Eastlake golf course could be converted into parkland. Credit:Brendan Esposito The adjoining Eastlakes golf course, a 20-minute drive from the central business district, could be turned into a major new public park as part of the City of Botany Bay's Vision 2040 Directions Paper. Mayor Ben Keneally says the number of golf courses in Sydney should be reduced so such valuable land is accessible by all. "Sydney has more golf courses within the metropolitan area than any other major city in the world," they say.
"They are wonderful, open spaces that are little used. You see, by contrast, how crowded Centennial Park and Moore Park get. I think it would make more sense to allow more people access to these beautiful spaces." Ku-ring-gai Council is considering a similar plan to convert Gordon Golf Course, in the city's north, into playgrounds, picnic areas and walking and cycling trails. Urban planner and policy analyst Nicole Gurran, at the University of Sydney, says such proposals could help ease housing pressures. "When you have more intense housing development, these open spaces do become really important," they say. "I think it's great that councils are looking proactively at how to more fairly share access to those areas." But Golf NSW chief Stuart Fraser rejects such suggestions, calling golf courses a "heavy utilised facility providing benefits to the community".
"They provide a healthy outdoor activity for many thousands of people in an ageing population, and I would say it's a good use for the land," they say. "To say it's for a chosen few is not correct." Golf NSW says the numbers of golfers increased across metropolitan Sydney in the past few years, to about 75,000 members and a further 225,000 social players – buoyed in part by Adam Scott's victory in the Australian Masters in 2012. But overall participation in the sport dropped 5 per cent to 1.2 million between 2001 and 2010, according to the Australian Sports Commission. Some struggling golf clubs are selling land to counter the effect of declining membership numbers. In April, Strathfield Golf Club sold land occupied by a clubhouse and practice fairway to developers for $52.5 million. The 34 hectares will be converted to units and townhouses. The club's number of full-fee members has dropped from 1500 to about 900 in the past five years, says general manager Neil Hardy. "All clubs are doing it tough and some are doing it tougher than others. It's very hard making the figures add up. So clubs have got to look at alternative ways of surviving," they say. "There may well be too many golf courses around for the number of people who want to play, but the market will rationalise that."
CLOSE NASA's New Horizons spacecraft is closing in on Pluto, now a dwarf planet, and sending back images of its surface for the first time. USA TODAY
The dwarf planet Pluto is shown at distance of about 2.5 million miles on July 11, 2015 (Earth time frame). (Photo11: NASA via Getty Images)
CAPE CANAVERAL, Fla. (AP) — Come Tuesday, Clyde Tombaugh will pass within 7,800 miles of the icy world they discovered 85 years ago.
Their ashes are flying on NASA's New Horizons spacecraft on humanity's first journey to Pluto.
New Horizons also is carrying a 1991 U.S. postage stamp that's about to become obsolete — it trumpets "Pluto Not Yet Explored" — as well as two state quarters, one representing Florida, home of the launch site, and the other Maryland, headquarters for the spacecraft developers and flight control.
In all, nine small mementos are tucked aboard New Horizons.
There's a good reason there are nine.
When New Horizons rocketed away from Cape Canaveral on Jan. 19, 2006, Pluto was the ninth planet in our solar system. It was demoted to dwarf planet a scant seven months later.
Tombaugh's widow and two children offered up an ounce of their ashes for the journey to Pluto. The ashes of the farm boy-turned-astronomer are in a 2-inch aluminum capsule inscribed with these words:
"Interned herein are remains of American Clyde W. Tombaugh, discoverer of Pluto and the solar system's 'third zone.' Adelle and Muron's boy, Patricia's husband, Annette and Alden's father, astronomer, teacher, punster, and friend: Clyde Tombaugh (1906-1997)"
Annette Tombaugh-Sitze and their younger brother Alden, now in their 70s, plan to be at the flight operation base at Johns Hopkins University's Applied Physics Laboratory in Laurel, Maryland, for Tuesday's historic encounter. Their mother died in 2012 at age 99.
"I think my dad would be thrilled with the New Horizons. I mean, who wouldn't be?" Annette says in a NASA interview posted online. "When they looked at Pluto, it was just a speck of light."
As for the 29-cent stowaway stamp, Pluto is depicted as grayish with orange flecks, an artist's rendering based on what NASA knew about the tiny orb prior to 1991, which wasn't much.
New Horizons' better and better views reveal a copper-colored, icy bright world.
"No stamp has ever traveled this far!" Mark Saunders, a spokesperson for the U.S. Postal Service, said in an email last week.
A small cutout of SpaceShipOne is attached to New Horizons; the first manned private space plane achieved suborbital flights in 2004 and won the $10 million Ansari X Prize.
Also on the spacecraft are two U.S. flags as well as two CDs.
One contains the photos of team members.
The other contains 434,738 names of people who signed up online in advance, including this reporter, holder of Certificate No. 64,646.
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1ITGDjV
Detroit Tigers pitcher Justin Verlander, left, and model Kate Upton pose for a photograph during second half NBA All-Star Game basketball action in Toronto on Sunday, Feb. 14, 2016. (Photo: Mark Blinch, AP)
File this one under the "too much information" department. (Sorry readers but, to be fair, you clicked.)
Supermodel and St. Joseph native Kate Upton, fresh off their third Sports Illustrated Swimsuit cover appearance, stopped by Bravo's "Watch What Happens Live" on Wednesday night and took some questions from callers.
One caller asked if their fiancé, Detroit Tigers right-handed pitcher Justin Verlander, has rules about sex before or after games because, as you know, baseball players can be very superstitious people.
Read more:
Maybe most people would prefer to keep such information private, but Upton seemed happy to spill the answer on this one.
“There's no sex before a game," they confirmed. "Absolutely none. And then, also what I just found out is, if they play too well, there's no sex after, either. He's exhausted.
"Kind of buzzkill for me," they added, laughing.
Watch the clip here.
Upton also addressed their angry tweet from November, after Verlander missed out on winning their second American League Cy Young Award, in which they wrote: "Hey @MLB I thought I was the only person allowed to f*** @JustinVerlander ?! What 2 writers didn't have them on their ballot?"
Apparently, Verlander - who lost to ex-teammate Rick Porcello in large part because two Tampa writers left them off their ballots entirely - wasn't mad about the tweet.
“I think their first reaction was a little bit surprised that I had already sent it, but overall they loved it," Upton said Wednesday.
Speaking of Verlander, the Tigers are in Lakeland for spring training, opening up exhibition play against Florida Southern.
Contact Brian Manzullo: bmanzullo@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @BrianManzullo.
Download our Tigers Xtra app for free on Apple and Android devices!
Points for persistence.
There are human-garbage fires, and there are garbage-garbage fires — and the blaze at Mumbia's Deonar landfill is the latter. The fire, which has been smoldering since January 27, is so big that NASA's Landsat 8 satellite was able to capture its image from space. According to The Wall Street Journal, the Deonar landfill receives between one-third and three-quarters of the trash from the city of 21 million people. Firefighters and bulldozers have been fighting to contain the fire, but the air quality in Mumbai is still so bad that more than 70 schools have reportedly been closed. Residents have been tweeting photos of nearly opaque skies all week.
Marine Drive on a clean air day and today on a day when there was a big fire at Deonar dump. #airpollution #Mumbai pic.twitter.com/ylTLsj4HfD — Rishi Aggarwal (@rishi75) January 28, 2016
@RidlrMUM heavy smoke from Mahim onwards towards Dadar. Cause, fire at Deonar dumping ground. Foul smell in the air. pic.twitter.com/2JiCTX3WlM — Merlin M (@NaturAnimalover) January 28, 2016
A spokesperson for the contractor in charge of the Deonar dump told WSJ that Mumbai's municipal government regularly dumps more than twice the agreed-upon amount of trash into the landfill every day. The government had also promised to provide materials and funds for a waste-processing plant near the landfill, but it has yet to do so. “We were therefore forced to just receive the waste and spread it in a methodical manner without any scientific treatment,” the spokesperson said. The Mumbai Mirror reported that “three minors between the ages of 10 and 12” started the blaze.
Japanese authorities will release slightly radioactive vapor to ease pressure at a disabled nuclear power plant reactor near Tokyo .
Japan's nuclear safety agency said pressure inside one of six boiling water reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi plant had risen to 1.5 times the level considered normal, the Associated Press reports.
The agency says the radioactive element in the vapor would not affect the environment or human health.
Officials have declared Japan's first ever nuclear emergency and ordered the evacuation of 3,000 nearby residents as a precaution.
The 40-year-old plant in Onahama, about 170 miles northeast of Tokyo, is not leaking radiation.
''We have a situation where one of the reactors (of the plant) cannot be cooled down,'' top government spokesperson Yukio Edano said, according to Kyodo News.
The U.S. government has sent over coolant for the nuclear plant aboard U.S. Air Force planes, Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton said today, according to CNN.
Deshaun Watson wins a 2017 ESPY Award
Clemson, S.C.—Former Clemson quarterback Deshaun Watson became the first athlete in school history to win an ESPY Award on Wednesday evening. Watson was named the Best Male College Athlete at the ESPY Awards program in Los Angeles.
Other finalists for the award were Ian Harkes, Wake Forest soccer; Frank Mason, Kansas basketball; Matt Rambo, Maryland lacrosse; Zain Retherford, Penn State wrestling.
It was the last of a long list of awards from the 2016 season for the native of Gainesville, Georgia, who quarterbacked Clemson to its first national championship in 35 years.
Watson was named the ACC Athlete of the Year last month, the second time they were honored by the league.  They are the first two-time ACC Athlete of the Year since Charlie Ward of Florida State in 1992-93.
Watson won the Davey O'Brien Award, the Manning Award, and the Unitas Award as the top quarterback in college football in 2016. The two-time All-American was the Most Valuable player of the ACC Championship game, the CFP Semifinal victory over Ohio State and the National Championship victory over Alabama.
The No. 12 selection of the NFL draft by the Houston Texans, Watson led Clemson to a 32-3 record in their career with the Tigers. They were a two-time All-American and winner of the 2016 Bobby Bowden Award as the top all-around student-athlete in college football. They also are named Academic All-ACC in 2014 and 2016 and graduated in just three years.
Congrats to @deshaunwatson on winning Best Male College Athlete at the 2017 #ESPYS! pic.twitter.com/4AzZz4Q2Pg — ESPN CollegeFootball (@ESPNCFB) July 13, 2017
Here is the complete list of winners:
Best Breakthrough Athlete: Dak Prescott
Best Game: Patriots, Falcons Super Bowl
Best Coach: Bob Hurley, Sr.
Best Moment: Chicago Cubs
Best Championship Performance: Kevin Durant
Best Record-Breaking Performance: Michael Phelps
Best Play: Aaron Rodgers/Jared Cook
Best Female Athlete: Simone Biles
Best Male Athlete: Russell Westbrook
Best Team: Golden State Warriors
Best Upset: Mississippi State defeats U Conn
Best NFL Player: Aaron Rodgers
Best WNBA Player: Candace Parker
Best Male College Athlete: DeShaun Watson
Best Female College Athlete: Kelly Barnhill
Best Female Action Sports Athlete: Anna Gasser
Best Male US Olympic Athlete: Michael Phelps
Best Female US Olympic Athlete: Simone Biles
Best Male Athlete with a Disability: Steve Serio
Best Female Athlete with a Disability: Becca Meyers
Best Comeback Athlete: Jordy Nelson
Best International Athlete: Usain Bolt
Best NBA Player: LeBron James
Best MLB Player: Mike Trout
Best NHL Player: Sidney Crosby
Best Driver: Lewis Hamilton
Best Male Action Sports Athlete: Mark McMorris
Best Fighter: Demetrious Johnson
Best Male Golfer: Sergio Garcia
Best Female Golfer: Ariya Jutanugarn
Best Male Tennis Player: Roger Federer
Best Female Tennis Player: Serena Williams
Best MLS Player: David Villa
Best Jockey: John Velazquez
Best Bowler: Jason Belmonte
As Us Weekly‘s familiar refrain goes, celebrities are just like us! They, too, like to check out the summer's big studio releases and then talk about their opinions afterward. The difference is that when the famous people in question are comic book writer Grant Morrison and filmmaker David Gordon Green, they're weighing in as pop culture creators, not just consumers.
Morrison, whose works include the DC Comics series All-Star Superman, recently offered their ambivalent thoughts on Supes' latest big-screen outing Man of Steel. Meanwhile, Green professed to liking Pacific Rim, though they had one major complaint. Hit the jump to see their comments.
In a pop culture diary for Vulture, Green revealed that he'd seen Pacific Rim on July 14, two days after its U.S. opening. “I liked it, but I don't know why big summer movies have to be so long,” they wrote. They had a similar complaint about another major summer movie, The Lone Ranger. “It was an hour too long, but there was some amazing stuff in there, especially the sequence with the train,” they commented.
For reference, Pacific Rim clocked in at 131 minutes, while The Lone Ranger ran even longer at 149 minutes. In contrast, Gordon's films have ranged from 81 minutes (The Sitter) to 111 minutes (Pineapple Express). Granted, none of them were epic action franchises, but at least they can't be accused of hypocrisy.
Morrison went much more in-depth in their discussion of Man of Steel with USA Today. Be warned that spoilers for the movie follow from here on out.
I kinda liked it and kinda didn't, to be honest. I feel bad because I like [director] Zack Snyder and [writer] David Goyer, and [star] Henry Cavill was really good. But it felt like one of those where it's like, “Bring on the second movie now that you've done this,” and I don't need to see that as someone who knows all I know about Superman. For me, it was a bit “seen it before,” no matter how they tried to make it a little bit different. I'm more looking forward to the Dark Knight version of Superman, the next one, where hopefully it will have Lex Luthor and be some fantastic second act. It's a credible Superman for now. But I'm not sure about the killing thing. I don't want to sound like some fuddy-duddy Silver Age apologist but I've noticed a lot recently of people saying Batman should kill the Joker and, yeah, Superman should kill, they should make the tough moral decisions we all have to make every day. I don't know about you, but the last moral decision I made didn't have anything to do with killing people. And I don't think many of us ever have to make the decision whether or not to kill. In fact, the more you think about it, unless you're in one of the Armed Forces, killing is illegal and immoral. Why would we want our superheroes to do that? There is a certain demand for it, but I just keep wondering why people insist that this is the sort of thing we'd all do if we were in Superman's place and had to make the tough decision and we'd kill Zod. Would we? Very few of us have ever killed anything. What is this weird bloodlust in watching our superheroes kill the villains?
Morrison isn't the first person to express discomfort with that aspect of Man of Steel. If anything, he's a bit late since Man of Steel came out over a month ago. Still, it's interesting to see how a man who's actually been in charge of writing Superman sees that dilemma.
Go slow, don't rush yourself. I ended up knicking the digitizer in a couple places because I went too fast (I was excited!). It didn't end up causing any functionality problems, but I can see a couple of small permanent marks under the new glass (not a big deal to me, but annoying nonetheless). Use a slim knife blade to separate the glass from the frame. I used a small paring knife which was probably a bit too big. A standard utility knife/box cutter should work. Make sure to remove ALL of the old glue before applying the new adhesive and glass. I didn't have any issues, but I can see how it would cause problems if you don't. The youtube video said to reuse the old glue - not recommended on the Galaxy Nexus. My new adhesive did not have glue for the transparent part of the glass, only the edges, but it doesn't cause any problems. The digitizer is NOT fused to the glass. This rumour needs to be killed. It is fused to the AMOLED display. The glue between the glass and the digitizer are similar in consistency to the glue used to stick credit cards to the letter they are mailed on. It's very rubbery and rolls up in a ball quite easily. This makes for fairly easy removal. Use a plastic scraper for this process (I used the green tools that came with the new glass - see the eBay item for details). You can use nail polish remover (acetone) to clean off the remaining glue residue from the digitizer. It does not leave any of it's own residue. Clean with a lintless cloth, like a glasses cleaning cloth. Do this whole process in the cleanest environment you can, every little bit of dust or pet hair will cause you grief! Make sure you completely clean and dust the digitizer seconds before applying the new glass, or you will see the dust permanently embedded in your screen. I didn't have this problem, but it could be easily done.
Yesterday I managed to successfully replace just the glass part of my Galaxy Nexus screen, without having to replace the entire AMOLED screen and digitizer. I figured I should share this since all the other posts I've seen about doing it have been people saying it's not worth it and to just replace the entire screen, at the cost of about $180.Backstory: I dropped my GNex on a concrete floor, and it landed perfectly face down (just like buttered toast). There happened to be dirt and sand on the floor with a couple of pebbles just big enough to still contact the screen, despite its curve. These pebbles caused pressure points on the glass, and it was enough of an impact that those pebbles chipped the glass and started a spiderweb of cracks across about 40% of the screen. Needless to say I was pretty pissed off.The AMOLED screen still worked, and all touch functionality was still there, so I figured it must be an easy fix. As I'm sure you are aware, I was grossly mistaken. I didn't find a single forum post or youtube video of anybody replacing just the glass on a Galaxy Nexus. The general consensus was that you would ruin your digitizer if you attempted to do the repair, as it was fused to the glass. I was almost ready to buy a whole new screen when I found this video . I saw the video was for doing the repair on a Galaxy S3, but watched it anyways. A friend of mine had recently shattered the glass on their S3 and had told me they couldn't repair it because the digitizer was fused to the glass. When I watched the video and saw it could be done on an S3, I figured I would give it a shot on my Nexus anyways, with the worst outcome being replacing the entire AMOLED screen.I bought a replacement glass/lens (not sure of the proper term) off eBay, along with some new adhesive. Total cost for parts was $35.96 USD including shipping from Hong Kong, and delivery to Canada (Toronto area) was surprisingly quick - about 4 business days.I don't own a heat gun, so I substituted it with a hair dryer instead (high heat, low blower setting).A few lessons learned:I started taking pictures of the process after I had removed the glass (sorry, forgot to take some before I started). My damaged screen was basically like the S3 in the video, and the glass removal process was about the same. Here's an album of all the pictures. If I've missed anything, feel free to post any questions! I'm quite happy with my revived Galaxy Nexus.
Comic by Bob Toben
Ramblings by TonyDoug Wright
I believe that this comic by Bob Toben does a great job depicting our first contact with intelligent life. While it will be exciting communicating with another life form, I have a feeling they'll avoid our planet like the plague because we are the hillbillies of the universe. You know I'm right.
This comic is a nice blend of Douglas Adams' The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy and Speilberg's Close Encounters of the Third Kind. Read Adams' book and watch Speilberg's movie. Both are classics. I remember my dad taking me to see Close Encounters at the drive-in theater. I'm sure some of you recall the days when you put on your pajamas and your parents took you to the drive-in for a late night movie. Man, those were good times.
For all of you Close Encounters fans, I'll share with a a clip from the movie where the aliens land and see our lame 70s technology. The mashed potatoes scene is also great. I love this film. Who else likes Close Encounters?
September 17, 2016
Grayson County Humane Society's primary mission is to assist low-income individuals and families in Grayson County with the cost of spaying or neutering their pets through our spay/neuter program. Our voucher program is with the Leitchfield Animal Veterinary Clinic.
Our spay/neuter program is for low-income families and individuals only and is based upon household gross income. Households above $25,000 do not qualify for our program. You must be a resident of Grayson County in order to apply.
How to Apply
Fill out the application (online application coming soon) Enclose your proof of income and your share of the cost $30 (cats) or $50 (dogs) Mail all documents and a check or money order issued to Grayson County Humane Society to: P. O. Box 122, Leitchfield, KY 42755
Your application will be reviewed by our organization. If it is approved, you will receive a 3-part voucher in the mail. You may make your appointment with the Leitchfield Veterinary Clinic once you receive the voucher. Keep the first section of the voucher for your own records, and give the 2nd and 3rd part of the voucher to the vet's office on the day of your appointment. Our program covers the cost of the surgery and required shots. You are responsible for any other charges.
For planning purposes, voucher values are are $30 for cats and $50 for dogs.
If you know of someone who is in need of our assistance, please pick up an application for them. We depend on the general public to help us with our mission of reducing the number of unwanted animals in our county.
For additional information call 270-230-6349, email graysonhumane@gmail.com or send a message on our Facebook page.
* * *
SPAY and NEUTER YOUR PETS TO PREVENT THE UNWANTED ANIMAL OVERPOPULATION!!
Abstract
Using discourse analysis, this paper investigates the unresolved nature of a recently documented case of “conversion disorder” or “mass psychogenic illness” experienced by a group of teenage girls in Le Roy, New York. I argue we can see this contemporary embodiment of hysteria as a form of queer communicative resistance, existing in a discursive space called the hysterical supernatural. This new terminology – an alternative to the one-dimensionality of conventional medical models – looks toward the crucial intersection of queer theory, antiracist feminisms, disability studies, and trauma studies. The construction of hysteria becomes an important framework for investigating nuances of patriarchal oppression within intersections of gender, race, sexuality, disability, age, class, communication, agency, and (self)representation in this case. I interrogate the spirit, soul, and emotional consciousness of hysterical bodies in opposition to Western medical models that assess and diagnose deviant bodies. Language and embodiment within the hysterical supernatural demonstrate how non-normative behaviors become a gendered spectacle and require a re-imagining of a different kind of hysteria altogether – one that creates a space for its own expression and communication that resists the possibility of being named. New media and contemporary technologies also play an important role, as their representations of these girls' bodies make the language of hysteria hyper-visible and vulnerable to a particular kind of surveillance. The hysterical supernatural in Le Roy is a linguistic and artistic disruption that transcends the pathologization of hysterical bodies. As a recent example of gendered hysteria, the Le Roy case encourages a sense of urgency in the re-creation of a narrative with strong social, gendered, and political implications. The terminology of the hysterical supernatural provides an alternative lens to queer hysteria as a complex and variable diagnosis.
JOSEP Gombau has confirmed their exit from Adelide United, with Barcelona legend Guillermo Amor announced as the Reds new head coach.
At a press conference at Hindmarsh today, Gombau said they will take up an academy coaching position in New York, which they visited during Adelaide's off season in June.
Gombau said they had made the decision to leave Adelaide – two years into a four-year contract - for family reasons, with the club allowing a mutual termination on compassionate grounds.
Adelaide chairperson Greg Griffin made the shock announcement at Gombau's final official Reds press conference, before revealing to The Advertiser that today was the first time they had officially spoken to the club's head coach since the Reds presentation night at Adelaide Zoo in May.
Gombau and their wife Romina and two daughters Bruna and Maria will be heading back to Spain for a summer break before the Spaniard sets off on a new career path.
New York is about a seven-hour flight from Barcelona where Gombau intends on living most of the time.
“For me it was a hard decision for me to make,'' Gombau said.
“But it's a family decision to try and find the balance between work and family.
“Sometimes it's not easy with the decision we will be closer to our parents and everybody and that's the objective.
“The two years in the club have been fantastic.”
media_camera Josep Gombau and Guillermo Amor watch Adelaide United training last year. Photo: Sarah Reed.
With Gombau also revealing their last game in charge was Adelaide's 2-0 loss to Liverpool at Adelaide Oval on Monday, Amor declared they would be leading the Reds for the first time in a friendly against Blue Eagles at Marden Sports Complex on Tuesday night.
Speaking through a translator – Amor – who is fluent in Italian and is also conversant in English – said they would stick with the philosophy which Gombau had introduced to the club in 2013.
But they would put their own stamp on the side after their influence as the club's football director helped Gombau and Adelaide claim the inaugural FFA Cup last December in a 1-0 win over Perth Glory at Coopers Stadium.
Amor will also be working with the club's current coaching staff with Griffin revealing no other changes would be made in the transition.
“It's important for me in this moment and it's my first time as a (head) coach,'' Amor said.
“Josep is my friend and they brought me here and gave me this opportunity with the club as the technical director.”
In a press release, Gombau said they would always cherish their two years at Adelaide United. for releasing them early from their contract, which still had two years to run.
“Together, as a club, we developed a brand and style of football that the people enjoy, along with a trophy for the club (the inaugural FFA Cup in December last year), and with that I am satisfied.”
Amor said they were “excited” to take over, saying they were “in the right place at the right time”.
Amor steps into the role after being appointed as United's technical director in August 2014.
During their playing career the Spaniard, who played more than 500 games for FC Barcelona, and was capped 37 times for Spain during the 1990s, represented their country during the World Cup in 1998 and the European Championship in 1996.
They also played for Italy's Fiorentina in the Serie A as well as Villareal in Spain.
Amor returned to Barcelona after completing their professional career and completing a UEFA Pro Licence, where they were appointed the Director of the Youth Academy while their good friend and former teammate Pep Guardiola was Barcelona's head coach.
Amor was Guardiola's partner in moulding the midfield during their successful playing career at Barcelona, as well as being a mentor to the now Bayern Munich coach.
media_camera Friends and colleagues Guillermo Amor and Josep Gombau embrace after Amor was announced as Gombau's replacement at the Reds. Picture: Tricia Watkinson
“For me, to accept this position is a very important decision to make,” Amor said.
“For anyone who loves and lives for football and has dedicated their life to it for so many years like me, when you get this chance it's a true cause for joy.
“Josep is a very dear friend of mine, and he, and the club, have placed their trust in me through a difficult time.
“This trust means a lot to me and I am very excited and very eager to get to work, but above everything I want to enjoy and succeed.
“Myself, along with the rest of the staff, will give everything to allow this team to continue its growth and I think there's still a lot of growth that can happen.
“My message for the fans is to remain confident in the team, as they have done so far.
“Support the team as you have been doing with Josep in every game and keep the good atmosphere that prevails throughout the city, because I believe if that happens things can become much easier.”
Gombau became head coach of Adelaide United at the start of the 2013/14 season after a successful managerial period at Kitchee SC in Hong Kong's Premier League.
They had previously coached at Barcelona's youth academy.
The Advertiser reported this morning that the Reds boss was likely to be bound for a cashed-up club overseas, believed to be New York.
It was not the first time Gombau had been linked with a move away from Adelaide.
They had confirmed they had been on Yokohama F Marinos' coaching shortlist in Japan after The Advertiser revealed they were in the mix for the job late last year.
Meanwhile former Melbourne Heart striker Eli Babalj and another attacker are on Adelaide's shortlist for the new season.
Babalj, 23, was recently released by AZ Alkmaar after a loan stint with PEC Zwolle in the Netherlands.
Dutch media is reporting that Adelaide has been negotiating for the 194cm Sarajevo-born striker, who has won two Socceroos caps.
After seven years of discussion and planning, construction of a 24-story, 800-room Downtown convention hotel is expected to begin Jan. 2 following approvals of key documents Wednesday, according to today's CitySceneKC.com.
A thick stack of financing and property transfer documents necessary for the $322.7 million Loews Kansas City Convention Center Hotel project was approved unanimously by the Land Clearance for Redevelopment Authority (LCRA) after three hours of deliberations.
“In my 20 years on the board, this is easily the most complicated project we've ever embraced,” said LCRA Chairman Steve Hamilton.
The new Loews will be the first major hotel built in Downtown Kansas City since the Vista International, now the Marriott opened in 1985, and is expected by Loews officials to make the city far more competitive in the convention market. It's expected to be completed in March 2020.
Alexander Tisch, executive vice president of the New York-based Loews, said the project should allow Kansas City to compete for up to 200 more events than it could previously by offering the critical mass of downtown hotel rooms needed for major conventions.
“You have a vibrant downtown and first class convention center,” Tisch told the LCRA board, “but you need a four-star hotel to attract more convention business.”
The addition of the new hotel should allow Kansas City to compete with other convention destinations such as Indianapolis, Nashville and Austin, backers said. Its first major event already is scheduled for July 2020 when the Shriners International convention is expected to draw 20,000 participants.
The project also is expected to create 400 permanent jobs and another 1,500 construction jobs. Locally-based J.E. Dunn Construction is the contractor and Atlanta-based Cooper Carry is the architect.
To read the complete story, visit CitySceneKC.com.
The Empty Promise of Chicago Police Reform
Dec. 7, 2015 (Mimesis Law) — Last Tuesday, Mayor Rahm Emanuel fired Superintendent Gary McCarthy after four years as head of Chicago's police force. During the same press conference where McCarthy's ouster was announced, Emanuel called for a task force to look into the lack of police accountability that has momentarily brought that department and city hall to its knees. This will give the Chicago mayor a chance to bring their own choice for Superintendent into the position, bringing much-needed reform to the city's embattled police department.
Or, this could just be history repeating itself. This is not the first time that Emanuel has promised magical “reform” to the citizens of Chicago. And it should come as no surprise that their last choice for Great Reformer is the same person they just relieved of their duties.
While they hired McCarthy on their promise to reform and refocus the police force, Emanuel left in place leaders who had climbed the ladder as the department earned a national reputation for corruption, abuse and resistance to oversight. The mayor sought to erase the 2012 verdict of a federal jury that found a police “code of silence” protected bad cops. They declined to take a public stand even as McCarthy defended an off-duty detective who killed an unarmed woman when they fired into a crowd, another case that drew protests and national attention.
The unarmed woman was Rekia Boyd. They were shot in the back of the head and killed when off-duty Detective Dante Servin fired into a crowd because they thought one of the people in the crowd had a gun. They did not.
Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez, who will certainly face a staunch battle for job in the Democratic primary to be held in March, “investigated” Boyd's killing before deciding to bring charges. Even then, the charge against Servin was only involuntary manslaughter, a crime so ill-suited to the facts as presented at trial, that the judge acquitted Servin at the close of the People's case, prior to any presentation of evidence from the defense. The judge, certainly recognizing the immense attention that would be focused on their ruling, shifted the blame by stating that the State's Attorney had mischarged the case.
After Servin's acquittal, reactions were predictably intense. Many observers were outraged that an act that sure seemed like murder (and certainly would have been charged that way had the gunman not been a cop) ended with a police officer getting yet another pass. Mind you, Servin was the first Chicago cop in 20 years to be criminally charged for a fatal shooting.
Servin called the ordeal a “nightmare.” For him, mind you, not for the heartbroken family of Rekia Boyd. Their then-boss, Superintendent McCarthy, had a more general take.
McCarthy told reporters the charges against [Servin] were a “safety hazard” for other officers who might hesitate to fire their guns at offenders if their lives are in danger.
Here was Rahm Emanuel's choice to bring accountability and reform to the Chicago Police Department claiming that even the incorrectly light charge against the off-duty Servin was an attack on the “safety” of their officers. If the mayor wanted a reformer, they chose poorly.
Or perhaps Emanuel was genuinely fooled into believing that McCarthy would not just use their position of power to unfailingly drive the “cops are never wrong” mantra. Maybe McCarthy even believed that they might be able to accomplish meaningful change within one of America's most corrupt departments. But whatever the hopes and dreams that preceded McCarthy, they have shown, by their actions, that while Chicago bleeds red, their blood is the bluest of blues.
As we look back over McCarthy's ignominious career, the door has apparently opened to give Emanuel a second chance to get it right. But this raises the ultimate question, and one where New York may be able to lend a bit of guidance. Does it truly matter who heads the Chicago Police Department? Will one person be able to change a culture that treats accountability, transparency and change like a disease?
Back in 2012, New York City held its first Bloomberg-less mayoral election in a dozen years. At the heart of the political jockeying was the NYPD and its embattled Commissioner, Raymond Kelly. Kelly had presided over a department that was committing untold instances of abuse and misconduct, all while ignoring civilian complaints and shelling out hundreds of millions of dollars in civil compensation to its victims. Against the backdrop of institutionalized corruption, Kelly made it abundantly clear that they proudly supported a policy of stop and frisk that was clearly illegal even before federal District Judge Shira Scheindlin ruled the practice unconstitutional.
The current Mayor, Bill DeBlasio, made a campaign promise to fire Kelly and bring reform (there's that word again) to the NYPD. DeBlasio won in a landslide and Kelly was immediately shown the door. In their place, William Bratton, former head of the NYPD, then the LAPD, took over the reigns. Although many saw DeBlasio's choice, a career police chief, as an odd one for reform, Bratton promised a different direction for the NYPD.
During their short second tenure, though, Bratton has carried on the same approach as their predecessor. Namely, they send their cops into poor black and brown communities to load up on arrests, regardless of rights or actual evidence. Despite promises, stop and frisk is very much alive and well in the Big Apple. Bratton is just dirty smart enough to tell their officers to stop reporting the stops and frisks they are still conducting.  They are also politically intelligent enough to rebrand the practice. It's not stop and frisk. It's community policing.
Again, regardless of intentions and motives, DeBlasio failed to deliver on their promise to reform the NYPD. Maybe they were a snake oil salesperson all along. Or maybe, just maybe, the New York Police Department is simply too powerful to change. We all now know that our banks are “too big to fail.” Perhaps in a similar vein, we have allowed a standing army to grow into a similarly large monster that eats change and accountability for breakfast.
In Chicago, there may be a sense that the rolling of this McCarthy-sized head is a step in the right direction. Maybe McCarthy and Bratton were just the wrong choices, but, then again, would the CPD or the NYPD ever accept the right choice? Does the person make the office, or the does the office make the person?
Emanuel, ever the optimist, had this to say about the future of the Chicago Police Department and the city itself in an op-ed:
If any good comes from this tragedy, it should be a historic set of reforms that prevents abuses, promotes transparency and rebuilds the confidence of all Chicagoans that they will be treated fairly. That is the marker I am setting for myself, the next police superintendent and the reform commission I've appointed.
It is a good read with some very good points. Unfortunately, it is difficult to take the call for reform seriously when the only motivating factor behind any of Emanuel's talk is “because we got caught.” If their call had come in the days and weeks following the death of Laquan McDonald, it would carry much more credibility. Saying these things in the days after the public found out about their death at the hand of a Chicago police officer, and only after a judge forced its disclosure, rings only of desperate placation.
Neither Emanuel nor State's Attorney Anita Alvarez have clean hands in the Laquan McDonald scandal. Alvarez conducted the same kind of meticulous “investigation” as they did for Servin and the Rekia Boyd case. They delayed until the last moment, and then right before the video was to be publicly released, Alvarez rode in on their white horse to announce murder charges against Officer Van Dyke. Only time will tell if their office throws the case against Van Dyke like they did against Servin. But if Chicago's voters rightly decide that they do not trust Alvarez to hold the police accountable, then it will no longer be their office by the time Van Dyke's case goes to trial.
Emanuel, for their part, is trying desperately to save their own skin by throwing Superintendent McCarthy under the bus. But what exactly is different now than a year ago? Emanuel had access to the video. We can assume they watched it. And then for an entire year, they sat back and allowed McCarthy to keep that video hidden and keep a killer on the street with a gun. They also watched the months go by as Alvarez remained silent about the fact that an on-duty officer needlessly gunned a young man down, and it was caught on video.
If Emanuel truly wanted reform, then America would have learned Laquan McDonald's name one year ago. They are, like so many of our elected leaders, part of the problem, not the key to the solution.
If this is the part of the story where you were expecting a proposed path to happily-ever-after, sorry.
This is not a problem that can be solved by cutting the head off of the snake and replacing it with a different head, be it the mayor or the superintendent. We are dealing with a headless snake. No master stroke will win the day.
Police culture allowed Officer Van Dyke to fill Laquan McDonald with bullets and then go uncharged until those in power had no other choice. Police culture stood there wearing badges as this happened and then lied to cover for a killer. That culture will not change by replacing the nameplate on the big corner office.
If the police culture that has bubbled to the surface since Ferguson is going to change, it will be by a thousand tiny cuts. It will take time and it will take immense effort from the outside in, not the inside out. But when right is right, there is no other way. To those who want to see true reform, the only way forward is to keep cutting.
Main image via Flickr/Daniel X. O'Neil
Share this: Reddit
Email
Print
Facebook
LinkedIn
Google
Twitter
Curled up in a ball and shivering, a baby raccoon remains trapped on the ledge of a fourth-floor window at the Toronto Star building for a second day in a row. According to security at 1 Yonge St., the building's property management, Triovest, was aware of the raccoon on Tuesday, and contacted Toronto Wildlife Centre to assist with bringing the animal down to safety.
A raccoon is stranded on a fourth floor ledge on the Toronto Star building at One Yonge Street. The ledge is at a 45-degree angle. ( Steve Russell / Toronto Star file photo )
Toronto Wildlife Centre decided to postpone the rescue for a couple of days, hoping the baby raccoon will find a way down itself as the building material, which appears to be gravel-like, should be easy for the species to climb.
Raccoons are natural climbers, and can even climb brick walls. ( Steve Russell/Toronto Star )
They also believe it is safer as the rescuers may startle the raccoon, prompting it to jump off the ledge.
Article Continued Below
“They can climb up brick walls. They're natural-born climbers,” Toronto Wildlife spokesperson Vanessa Van Rhijn told the Star. “It can be more dangerous for a rescue crew to try and save it as it may startle the animal.”
The raccoon made several unsuccessful attempts to lower itself to the ground. ( Steve Russell/Toronto Star )
On Wednesday afternoon, the raccoon made several attempts throughout the day to lower itself back down to the ground, but slipped dangerously and nearly fell several times before finding refuge in the corner of the ledge, closer to the window. According to Van Rhijn, raccoons generally crawl up to high spaces to feel safer from humans throughout the day, and scavenge for food on lower ground at night. “It's so heart-breaking,” Van Rhjin said. “It's not that simple. It appears to be too scared.”
A rescue has been postponed several days as it's hoped the baby raccoon will find its own way down. ( Steve Russell/Toronto Star )
Rescuers at Toronto Wildlife Centre will be planning a rescue on Saturday if the baby raccoon remains stuck up on the ledge. There will be “a lot” of planning involved including the use of an electric lift that will be used to reach the height of the window. It seems as if the baby raccoon, named Scoop according to its Twitter account will be tweeting as it endures another night on the ledge. “Few months old, still trying to figure out the ropes. Big city is a confusing place,” the Twitter profile reads. Correction - October 13, 2016: This article was edited from a previous version that misstated the name of the building's property management company as Telsec. In fact, Telsec is a tenant in the building. As well, the article referred to Toronto Wildlife Centre as Toronto Wildlife Services.
Adbusters' Kalle Lasn on Occupy and a resurgent Left.
A power struggle is going on in the movement, between the old vertical type of Left and a new young Left that isn't so enamored with the old wolf pack mentality.
Last July, Adbusters sent out this invitation addressed to those “ready for a Tahrir moment”: “On Sept. 17, flood into lower Manhattan, set up tents, kitchens, peaceful barricades and occupy Wall Street.” And thus, the Vancouver-based nonprofit magazine published by self-described “culture jammers and creatives working to change the way information flows, the way corporations wield power and the way meaning is produced in our society” sparked a movement.
Estonian-born documentary filmmaker Kalle Lasn co-founded Adbusters in 1989. Lasn, 70-years-young (“old,” as in “old Left,” is an adjective they eschew), draws their inspiration from the Situationists, avant-garde European revolutionaries who believed corporate capitalism perverted the human spirit. The Situationists reached their zenith in 1968 Paris and disbanded in 1972, but their efforts to affirm what it means to be free live on in Adbusters.
In These Times spoke with Lasn in March to see what “the man behind the curtain” had to say for themselves and the movement they helped ignite.
What challenges does the Occupy movement face?
It is a replay of what happened in 1968 when an insurrection in the Latin Quarter of Paris exploded onto campuses and cities around the world. For a few brief moments it looked like the first global revolution. Occupy is round two of 1968. Young people around the world have this sinking feeling that the next 30, 40 or 50 years of their lives will be one big black hole of ecological and political and financial and personal crisis. And if you are facing that sort of prospect you realize that unless you stand up and fight for a different kind of future, you don't have a future. Unlike 1968, it is going to have legs.
We on the Left have become an ineffective, whiny, complaining, finger-pointing kind of movement that hasn't had a new out-of-the-box idea for a couple of generations. Everything we've tried, including the Battle of Seattle and all sorts of anti-globalization movements, has fizzled out.
A power struggle is going on in the movement, between the old vertical type of Left and a new young Left that has social media at its finger tips and isn't so enamored with the old wolf pack mentality but is ready to do things in a much more horizontal way without leaders – sometimes even without demands. The question is: In this tussle between the old Left and the new Left, who will win? And if temporarily the old Left triumphs then we're in for a hard year this year and possibly even next, but bit by bit this movement does herald a new Left. This movement has made the Left cool again.
How does one build counter-hegemonic power and get beyond “crowd sourcing,” which is really what the Occupy general assemblies are?
In the next few years there will be what I call a “meme war” – a war of really big ideas within economics. Will we be able to pull off a paradigm shift from neoclassical economics to this new ecological or bionomic or psychonomic discipline that is bubbling underneath the surface? Will we be able to change our current dysfunctional marketplace into one in which the price of every product tells the ecological truth? Will we be able to impose Robin Hood taxes and dismantle this global casino with more than $1 trillion a day flushing around the system in derivatives and credit default swaps and other financial instruments?
If we on the Left try to figure out what these meta memes are and start fighting for them, then we will get somewhere. If we fall back on the old ways of doing things, then capitalism is going to swallow us whole.
Where does power over the distribution of societal resources fit into this equation? How is the Occupy movement going to redistribute wealth from the 1% to the 99%?
Quite frankly, the question you ask betrays the fact that you are quoting the old Left. The way to fix the problem may not actually be a straightforward approach of passing some laws and taking some money from the 1% and giving it to the 99%. Maybe we have to have a more sophisticated approach where we don't play out this kind of class warfare idea. The change has to be deeper. If we can finally ram through this Robin Hood tax, which a lot of people are for in Europe, and make it very high, not just a .01% but a 1% tax on all financial transactions, then that will be a deep-down transformation of casino capitalism, and all of a sudden the Robin Hood tax would collect trillions of dollars every year and then we the people of the world could start arguing over how to spend that money.
Isn't the legislative process needed to enact or “ram through” redistributive policies like the Robin Hood tax?
Once you do that, you're accepting the status quo. Maybe the real job is to launch a third political party in America that is initiated on the Internet, gets a million of signatures, and then has a convention. Maybe the task of changing the political landscape of America with a third party is a way smarter move than what the Tea Party did with the Republicans, and what so many people are saying we should do with the Democrats. The trick for the political Left is to think deeper. Instead of thinking, “Hey, let's pass a law that legislates the Robin Hood tax,” let's change the political landscape.
Take, for example, the idea we launched last year. In the general assemblies we have a microcosm of a democratic process that's magical and beautiful. It works and this is a metaphor for how America should work.
Eventually, I agree, we will have to pass laws and do all that stuff you are talking about, but there is a lot of deep-down rabble-rousing that needs to happen before we get to that point.
Rep. Barney Frank (D-Mass.) has said: “Simply being in a public place and voicing your opinion in and of itself doesn't do anything politically. … I don't know what the voting behavior of all these people is but I'm a little unhappy when people who don't vote, who didn't vote last time, blame me for the consequences of not voting.” Is this an argument for the Occupy movement to enter the electoral system?
It reminds me of an old adage: If you're a carpenter, you see everything as a nail and a hammer. Barney Frank has done some good things with legislation. But they are blind, as are so many other Americans, including the Tea Partiers and most of the people in Congress and most of the people on the Left, as to how change ultimately happens. Change finds its bed within a culture with big ideas that resonate with people. There has to be a sort of mystery and magic to the whole thing and so far the Occupy movement has been very good at operating on that deeper level. Somewhere along the line we will have to pass laws and we will need Barney Franks. But there are a lot of meta memes that we have to conjure up, and a lot of strategy that we have to perfect, and there are millions more young people that we have to inspire and recruit into our movement before we simplify the whole process into a cut-and-dry passing of a law.
The Occupy movement has been committed to developing actions and strategies through consensus. How do the “tactical briefings” issued by Adbusters fit into that process?
This tussle over what we should do next is something we should all get involved in. When we put out that call [in the January 25 “Tactical Briefing #25”] for 50,000 people to descend on Chicago [on May 1, ahead of the NATO summit], people in Chicago said, “You haven't been talking to us. How dare you do this. You haven't been part of our meetings.” I say, “To hell with them.” We want to put out a tactical briefing, and you can take it or leave it.
Adbusters' mission statement says that you want to change “the way meaning is produced.” What does that mean?
At the moment, meaning is produced by a commercialized mass media that is mixing communications with commercialism and mind-fucking us all and not giving us the information we need to make wise decisions about the future. The political Left has been pretty lousy at creating that kind of deep-down meaning, of having narratives that inspire young people. The future is a meme war and the winners will be the people who know how to create the meaning.
Ashley Revell (born 1971 in Maidstone, Kent)[1] is an English gambler. In 2004 they sold all their possessions, including their clothes, and gambled US$135,300 on a single spin of a roulette wheel in the Plaza Hotel & Casino, Las Vegas.[2][3] Revell even changed their name by deed poll to "Ashley Blue Square Revell" after the UK online bookmaker contributed to their gambling fund.[citation needed] They raised additional cash through car boot sales and auctions.[2]
The ball ended up on 7 red and Revell doubled their money to $270,600.[4] Revell used their winnings to set up an online poker company called Poker UTD, which later went out of business in 2012.
The event was filmed by Sky One as a reality mini-series titled Double or Nothing.[3] They were also featured in an E! documentary special along with Stu Ungar called THS Investigates: Vegas Winners & Losers.
An episode of the television series Las Vegas entitled "One Nation, Under Surveillance", first broadcast on 14 March 2005, had a character and event loosely based on Revell.
Simon Cowell said that Revell's bet was the inspiration behind their new game show called Red or Black?.[5]
Revell also owns iGaming Recruitment,[6] a website that matches online gambling companies with job applicants.
Standard Shipping $ 11 $ Complimentary Average delivery time: 3-7 business days.
Express Shipping $ 22 Average delivery time: 2-4 business days.
Pick Up in Store You can collect your order in one of our Stores at no additional cost. You can collect your order in one of our Stores at no additional cost.
Next Day Shipping $ 25.00 Delivery guaranteed next working day for orders placed by 2 pm EST. Saturday Shipping $ 30.00 Delivery guaranteed on Saturday morning for orders placed by Friday at 2 pm EST.
Delivery times begin one business day after the order is placed due to the time difference between North America and Italy, where most of our items are shipped from.
Next Day Delivery and Saturday Delivery are available.
Standard Shipping and Express Shipping times are shorter. For items stored in our U.S. Distribution Center:
When pre-ordering, the number of days for shipping will be calculated at the time the items become available in the warehouse.
Updated at 4:09 p.m. ET
WASHINGTON - A U.S. Navy destroyer has rescued an Iranian fishing boat that had been commandeered by suspected pirates just days after Tehran warned the U.S. to keep its warships out of the Persian Gulf.
American forces flying off the guided-missile destroyer USS Kidd responded to a distress call from the Iranian vessel, the Al Molai, which had been held captive for more than 40 days, the U.S. Navy said Friday. The Kidd was sailing in the Arabian Sea, after leaving the Persian Gulf, when it came to the sailors' aid.
Iran's posturing may mask concerns of leaders
Iran plans new drills near Strait of Hormuz
A U.S. Navy team boarded the ship Thursday and detained 15 suspected Somali pirates. They had been holding the 13-member Iranian crew hostage and were using the boat as a "mother ship" for pirating operations in the Persian Gulf.
Panetta comments on US rescue of Iranian ship held by pirates
(Watch at left)
"It's what we do. And it's what we do in that part of the world. We get a distress call, as we did in this case, even though it came from an Iranian ship. When the pirates went after them, we respond to those calls," Panetta said. "We did what we have to do in that situation. I think it just sends an important message to the world that the United States is going to abide by international rules and international order, and that's exactly what we did here."
Video: Iran continues threats against oil shipping
Iran warns U.S. to back off from Persian Gulf
U.S.: Warships will sail despite Iran's threats
In the same interview, Gen. Martin Dempsey, chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, said the suspected pirates surrendered without incident.
"I think in the face of the overwhelming combat power that was presented the pirates made the right decision," they said.
Amid escalating tensions with Tehran, the Obama administration reveled in delivering the news.
"This is an incredible story. This is a great story," State Department spokesperson Victoria Nuland said, explaining that the very same American ships the Islamic republic protested for recently traveling through the Strait of Hormuz were responsible for the Iranian vessel's recovery.
"They were obviously very grateful to be rescued from these pirates," Nuland said.
The episode occurred after a week of hostile rhetoric from Iranian leaders, including a statement by Iran's Army chief that American vessels are no longer welcome in the Gulf. Iran also warned it could block the Strait of Hormuz, the strategic waterway that carries to market much of the oil pumped in the Middle East.
The Iranian threats, which were brushed aside by the Obama administration, were in response to strong economic sanctions against Iran over its disputed nuclear enrichment program. Last week, President Obama signed into law new sanctions targeting Iran's Central Bank and its ability to sell petroleum abroad.
According to the Navy, the Kidd was part of the USS John C. Stennis Carrier Strike Group, which had recently left the Persian Gulf through the Strait and into the northern Arabian Sea.
A Navy search and seizure team was taken by helicopter from the Kidd to the Al Molai.
"The Al Molai had been taken over by pirates for roughly the last 40-45 days," said Josh Schminsky, a Navy Criminal Investigative Service agent aboard the Kidd. "They were held hostage, with limited rations, and we believe were forced against their will to assist the pirates with other piracy operations."
Schminsky said the Iranian boat's captain thanked the U.S. for assistance. "He was afraid that without our help, they could have been there for months," Schminsky said in a prepared release.
The U.S. team gave the crew food, water and medical care. Nuland said the crew then returned the Iranians to their fishing vessels "and they went on their way."
The captured pirates remain on the Stennis while the U.S. considers options for prosecution and consults with other nations that have joined forces against piracy.
"Sadly, this is not a new thing," they told reporters, citing more than 1,000 pirates picked up at sea who are under prosecution in some 20 countries. "So this is always a question of where to send them and who will do the prosecution."
Asked if the rescue mission could provide a chance for a thaw in relations with Iran, Nuland declined to comment. They said the Navy had made a "humanitarian gesture" to take the Iranians onboard, feed them and ensure they were in good health before setting them off. They said the U.S. and Iranian governments have had no direct contact over the incident.
When Sanofi ($SNY) and MannKind ($MNKD) parted company in January, the California biotech gamely took on the challenge of revamping the company to commercialize its inhaled insulin product Afrezza on its own. That required building a sales organization but also a significant refocus of its manufacturing operation from a supplier to producing its own branded product, and accomplishing everything in about 6 months.
The Valencia, CA, company already had a manufacturing facility in Danbury, CT, that had been producing product for Sanofi, CEO Matthew Pfeffer told FiercePharmaManufacturing in an email on Wednesday. There had been talk of Sanofi taking on product manufacturing, but that had not come to pass.
But on the manufacturing front, this dramatic company “pivot” meant converting the manufacturing organization to a supplier-owned MannKind branded product, with new product configurations, and to arrange for commercial distribution through a wholesale network. And it had to be done in record time.
Free Daily Newsletter Like this story? Subscribe to FiercePharma! Biopharma is a fast-growing world where big ideas come along daily. Our subscribers rely on FiercePharma as their must-read source for the latest news, analysis and data on drugs and the companies that make them. Sign up today to get pharma news and updates delivered to your inbox and read on the go. SUBSCRIBE NOW
While the drugmaker has made hires on the sales side, it had an operating manufacturing unit, Pfeffer said in the email. “We had already staffed up and built out the facility to supply the demand anticipated from Sanofi. Unfortunately, that demand never materialized and we were left with a facility that was largely idle late last year and early this year,” Pfeffer said.
Making the transition meant some significant expenses for manufacturing, as the company laid out in its earnings report on Monday. For the first half of 2016, MannKind reported a total loss of $54.8 million or $0.12 a share. But during H1, MannKind reduced total operating expenses 15% to $39.1 million, reporting decreases in things like R&D and general and administrative costs. Manufacturing costs, however, were higher, rising 47% to $11.2 million, as manufacturing of commercial product resumed in preparation for the relaunch of Afrezza in the third quarter of 2016.
In the second quarter, MannKind reported product manufacturing costs of $3.7 million, and expects that number to remain relatively flat as compared to last year as it continues to manufacture commercial product, the company told analysts. Its manufacturing facility currently has a production capacity to handle about 450,000 patients, but with the capability to increase that quickly if needed. Ultimate capacity was anticipated to be approximately 2 million patients, the CEO explained.
Of course the shift in manufacturing was just part of the big transformation. The company also had to transition ongoing clinical programs back to MannKind, set up a medical information request system, develop a pharmacovigilance program, transition the safety database and set up an adverse event reporting and tracking system. It also had to transfer all the NDA paperwork and other documentation and so forth, and on top of that create a sales organization.
“Getting all that we accomplished done in such a short time was an incredible feat,” the CEO said in their email. “Most people do not understand all that is required of a company when it has a product on the market."
- here's the earnings release
- and a transcript of the earnings call (reg. req.)
Related Articles:
Sanofi tried and failed with Afrezza. Why does MannKind still think it can win?
Sanofi and MannKind terminate Afrezza partnership
Partner Sanofi wants to produce the insulin to be used in MannKind's Afrezza
Videos on this page are hosted on YouTube. Please review the YouTube Terms of Service and the Google Privacy Policy.
How do I make a FOIA Request?
Before making a request, first look to see if the information you are interested in is already publicly available. You can find a lot of useful information on a range of topics on each agency's website. You can also search for information agencies have already posted online here on FOIA.gov.
If the information you want is not publicly available, you can submit a FOIA request to the agency's FOIA Office. The request simply must be in writing and reasonably describe the records you seek. Most federal agencies now accept FOIA requests electronically, including by web form, e-mail or fax. See the list of federal agencies for details about how to make a request to each agency and any specific requirements for seeking certain records.
Is there a special form I have to use to make a FOIA request?
There is no specific form that must be used to make a request.
What can I ask for under the FOIA?
A FOIA request can be made for any agency record. You can also specify the format in which you wish to receive the records (for example, printed or electronic form). The FOIA does not require agencies to create new records or to conduct research, analyze data, or answer questions when responding to requests.
How long will it take before I get a response?
Agencies typically process requests in the order of receipt. The time it takes to respond to a request will vary depending on the complexity of the request and any backlog of requests already pending at the agency. A simple request can be processed faster by the agency than one that is complex. Simple requests are typically more targeted and seek fewer pages of records. Complex requests typically seek a high volume of material or require additional steps to process such as the need to search for records in multiple locations. The agency's FOIA Requester Service Center is available to assist you with any questions about the status of your request or any steps you can take to receive a quicker response.
MSNBC host Lawrence O'Donnell tore into television journalists on Tuesday for not calling Donald Trump a liar when they make false claims on their programs.
"Donald Trump lies because they know they can get away with it," O'Donnell said on "The Last Word," highlighting the interviewing techniques of anchors on Sunday morning news programs. "The most impolite candidate in American political history relies on the politeness of their interviewers to get away with lying."
O'Donnell then showed a clip of ABC News' "This Week" in which host George Stephanopoulos pressed Trump over their claims that they saw "thousands and thousands" of Arabs cheering in New Jersey after the World Trade Center collapsed on 9/11, but fell just short of calling Trump's assertion a lie.
"Donald Trump knows that George can't tell their audience that Trump is lying there, because the industry convention of Sunday political chat is that they never call a lie," O'Donnell said. "That's just too impolite for Sunday mornings and Trump exploits that politeness."
Politeness isn't the only reason interviewers go easy on Trump, they added.
"Donald Trump gets good ratings on these shows," they said. "If one of the hosts tells Trump he's lying in the middle of an interview, that host will never get another chance to interview Donald Trump again. But their competitors will."
While they criticized the way some programs have handled of Trump's false claims, they praised The Washington Post and The New York Times for publishing damning editorials about Trump this week.
The Washington Post called Trump's lying and bullying "dangerous."
"The growing ugliness of Donald Trump's campaign poses a challenge to us all," the paper's editorial board wrote. "We have seen the likes of them before, in the United States and elsewhere: narcissistic bullies who rise to prominence by spreading lies, appealing to fears and stoking hatred. Such people are dangerous."
The New York Times took on Trump's many egregious claims.
"In the Republican field, Mr. Trump has distinguished themselves as fastest to dive to the bottom," its editorial board wrote. "If it's a lie too vile to utter aloud, count on Mr. Trump to say it, often."
O'Donnell issued a warning to journalists who will cover Trump in the future.
"The time has come for Donald Trump's TV interviewers to tell them that they are lying as soon as they float their next lie on TV," they said. "If they don't, they risk becoming accomplices of a lying demagogue."
Watch the "Last Word" clip above.
Also on HuffPost:
EDINBURGH'S tram service has finally opened after 400 years of planning.
Original plans for the Edinburgh tram system were drawn up shortly after King James VI united Scotland and England into the Union of the Crowns in 1603.
The project was delayed by a series of unforeseen circumstances including the Colquhoun massacre, an outbreak of plague, the Great Fire of 1824, the First and Second World Wars and the widespread realisation that the project was almost entirely pointless.
But four centuries later, the tram system, which has cost every person in Edinburgh roughly £200,000, has been unveiled to great acclaim.
Local Stephen Malley said: “This tramway shows the world what we Edinburghians can achieve if you give us a significant chunk of a millennium and an almost limitless supply of money.
“Now we can get from the city centre to the airport ever so slightly slower than we could on several other forms of public transport.
“It's an amazing time to be alive.”
Great on the grill or baked!
Ingredients
3 cloves garlic, minced
2 chipotle peppers in adobo sauce, chopped
1 lemon, juiced
1 tablespoon olive oil
1 tablespoon paprika
1 teaspoon chopped fresh cilantro (optional)
1 teaspoon kosher salt
1/2 teaspoon cracked black pepper
1/2 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes
1/4 teaspoon cayenne pepper
2 pounds uncooked medium shrimp, peeled and deveined
wooden or metal skewers
Directions
1. Mix together the garlic, chipotle peppers, lemon juice, olive oil, paprika, cilantro, kosher salt, black pepper, red pepper flakes, and cayenne pepper in a bowl. Stir in the shrimp, and mix well to thoroughly coat. Marinate for 30 minutes in refrigerator.
2. Preheat an outdoor grill for medium-high heat, and lightly oil the grate.
3. Remove the shrimp from the marinade, and discard excess marinade. Thread about 5 shrimp per skewer, and grill on the preheated grill until the shrimp turn pink and opaque in the center, about 2 minutes per side.
Makes 6 servings
Nutrition Facts:
Calories 149
Total Fat 3.9g
Total Carbohydrates 3.6g
Dietary Fiber 1.6g
Protein 25.2g
Print recipe Chipotle Shrimp
Greetings Citizens and Civilians, you're tuned to episode 069, of Guard Frequency, the universe's premier Star Citizen podcast recorded on 24th April 2015 and released for streaming and download on Tuesday, April 28th 2015 at GuardFrequency.com [Download this episode]
Lennon, Tony and Geoff are back to bring you a show like no other… except the other 68! In this week's Squawk Box, we talk all about how the Navy are about to hand the keys over to the Cylons. In CIG News we bring you everything that's happening around the UEE, including our weekly Crowd Funding Update, 10 For The Producers episode 5 and Lennon goes on a mini-rant about the MISC Hull series. In Nuggets for Nuggets we take a tour of the Tyrol system, and finally we tune into the Feedback Loop and let you join in on the conversation.
Topics Discussed
This Week's Community Questions
Next week we're phoning it in… or, rather, we're wanting YOU to phone it in. You can either join us live next Friday on our TeamSpeak Server or send us an MP3 file or media link with your question for us to play on the air.
TeamSpeak Server
Address: chat.priorityonepodcast.com
Password: PriorityOne
View our post for the episode on the RSI forums.
Our Organisation: Guard Frequency Response
Click here to go to our Organisation page and apply today!
US President Barack Obama won their first major victories on securing Congress support for strikes on Syria, with senior members on both sides of the House of Representatives saying they would back him.
The House speaker and top Republican in Congress, John Boehner, said on Tuesday that they would support the president's motion for strikes against the regime of Bashar al-Assad for the alleged use of chemical weapons, and called on their party colleagues to support the president.
"We have enemies around the world that need to understand we are not going to tolerate this type of behavior," Boehner said.
Their Republican colleague, house majority leader Eric Cantor, also supported Obama's call.
Nancy Pelosi, the Democratic Party's leader in the house, said they did not believe Congress would reject Obama's call, and that Assad's action was "behaviour outside the circle of civilised human behaviour and we must respond''.
They did, however, say that the public needed to hear more of the intelligence gathered against Assad.
The politicians' statements came after a meeting at the White House, where the president said they were confident of securing Congress support for military action.
"What we are envisioning is something limited. It is something proportional. It will degrade Assad's capabilities," Obama said.
"At the same time we have a broader strategy that will allow us to upgrade the capabilities of the opposition," they said.
Later, the US secretary of state, John Kerry, and Chuck Hagel, the defence secretary, gave evidence to the Senate foreign relations committee, where they were pressed on whether the resolution put to Congress would explicitly rule out the use of ground troops.
Kerry said the language of the resolution was still being worked out, but it was important to leave options open for using troops in a scenario where "Syria imploded" and stockpiles of chemical weapons needed to be secured from extremists.
"I don't want to take off the table an option that might or might not be available to the president of the United States to secure our country," they said at the hearing.
When some senators objected, Kerry said the administration would work with Congress to draft a resolution that addressed concerns about the possible use of ground troops.
"I know the administration has zero intention of putting troops on the ground and within the confines of this
authorisation, I'm confident we'd have zero problem with including some kind of prohibition there if that makes you comfortable," they told the senators.
Hagel told senators that regional allies strongly supported US action against the Assad regime.
Also on Tuesday, the UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon said that military action was only justified if in self-defence or with a UN mandate.
"The use of force is lawful only when in exercise of
self-defence in accordance with Article 51 of the United Nations Charter and, or when the Security Council approves such action."
But they said the UN Security Council should unite if it was proved that chemical weapons were used in Syria by any side.
"If confirmed, any use of chemical weapons by anyone under any circumstances will be a serious violation of international law and outrageous war crime," they said in a video statement. "Any perpetrators must be brought to justice. There should be no impunity."
Jena Gotziaman 25, Kayleigh Rockett, 23, and Krysti Gotziaman, 27, under a pedestrian traffic light, digitally altered to show what a female walking signal may look like. Picture: Jason Edwards.
When Melbourne pedestrians next bother looking up from their phones to cross the street, they may be stopped not by a little red man but by a little red woman in a dress.
A VicRoads-approved trial of 10 female silhouettes in the city is aiming to address the gender bias on the streets.
The Equal Crossings initiative was designed by the influential lobby group the Committee for Melbourne's Future Focus Group and aims to promote gender equality.
Read Next
Committee for Melbourne chief executive Martine Letts said Melbourne should aim to be the world's most equal city as well as the most liveable city.
State Minister for Women and for the Prevention of Family Violence Fiona Richardson said there were many small but symbolically significant ways women are excluded from public space.
“I'm thrilled to see pedestrian crossing lights use a woman's figure,” they said.
The long-term goal of the initiative is to achieve equal representation between male and female figures across the state via legislative change to the Road Safety Act.
Female crossing lights are not unique to Victoria with parts of Germany already having an Ampelfrauen whose pigtailed figure has cult status.
The idea of including women traffic signals met with criticism.
A Herald Sun poll asking whether Victoria should have equal representation of the sexes on traffic lights has already received more than 5400 votes with 94 per cent against it.
Comments included: “Having a green and red walking man doesn't make me feel less of a woman,” from Amanda.
“Having these women push for this makes me an embarrassed woman!”
Tessa Akerman Reporter Melbourne Tessa Akerman is a reporter with The Australian's Melbourne bureau where they cover general news. They previously worked for The Advertiser and The Daily Telegraph.
Read Next
Is there really a government law that disallows the Fourth Amendment for 200 million Americans? Some people say it's true, but the reasoning behind a 100-mile “Constitution-free” zone argument is confusing at best.
The ACLU's Constitution-Free Zone
The American Civil Liberties Union has been saying since 2010 that a regulation allowing customs and immigration agents to search electronic devices at America's borders without cause is wrong. Two years prior to that, the ACLU also warned of a 100-mile-wide U.S. border called the “Constitution-free zone” where such searches could occur.
Last Friday, the Department of Homeland Security issued a two-page review of its policy on searching laptops, cell phones, and other devices at border checks, to clarify the policy that the ACLU had questioned in 2010.
The DHS said that customs and immigration agents can “exercise long-standing constitutional and statutory authority permitting suspicionless and warrantless searches of merchandise at the border and its functional equivalent.”
The story was picked up by Wired magazine and some tech and political blogs as another example of the 100-mile “Constitution-free” zone and a violation of Fourth Amendment rights.
The ACLU also asked for the details behind the decision to be released.
To be sure, the ACLU has played a valuable role in the debate since 2008 and has obtained many government files about electronic-device searches after filing Freedom of Information Act requests.
But the confusion seems to be centered on the idea of a 100-mile extended border for the United States, and how nearly 200 million Americans could have their laptops, cell phones, and iPads searched at any moment.
In a lawsuit filed in 2010, the ACLU argued that “we are not saying that the government can never search or seize electronic devices at the border, but only that border agents should have some suspicion that the search will turn up evidence of wrongdoing before looking through all the private information that people have stored in their devices.”
The 100-mile-wide border zone is from that earlier missive from the ACLU in 2008, which claimed the electronics-search zone applied to any person who lived within 100 miles of a land or sea border—which happens to be two-thirds of the American population. At the time, the ACLU labeled the area as the “Constitution-free zone.”
Since then, bloggers and writers have continued to make the connection between this 100-mile wide border and the lack of constitutional rights for searches of laptops and cell phones.
Legally, the 100-mile-wide region is called the “extended border” of the U.S., as defined by Title 8 of the Federal Code of Regulations. There is also something called the “functional equivalent” border, which is the area around international airports in the interior region of the U.S.
The DHS ruling from last Friday said its “warrantless searches” applied to the U.S. “border and its functional equivalent,” with no mention of the extended 100-mile border.
Two analysis papers from the Congressional Research Service from 2009 offer some legal insight into what tactics agents can follow within the 100-mile-wide extended border, and why the distinction between the extended border and the other two borders is important.
Searches within the 100-mile extended border zone, and outside of the immediate border-stop location, must meet three criteria: a person must have recently crossed a border; an agent should know that the object of a search hasn't changed; and that “reasonable suspicion” of a criminal activity must exist, says the CRS. (The service had done the legal analyses to prepare Congress members for legislation.)
“Although a search at the border's functional equivalent and an extended border search require similar elements, the extended border search entails a potentially greater intrusion on a legitimate expectation of privacy. Thus, an extended border search always requires a showing of ‘reasonable suspicion' of criminal activity, while a search at the functional equivalent of the border may not require any degree of suspicion whatsoever,” the CRS says.
The fact that agents need to show “reasonable suspicion” outside direct border stops and airports puts their actions closer to the scope of the Fourth Amendment, says the CRS.
“The Fourth Amendment mandates that a search or seizure conducted by a government agent must be ‘reasonable.' As a general rule, courts have construed Fourth Amendment reasonableness as requiring probable cause and a judicially granted warrant. Nonetheless, the Supreme Court has recognized several exceptions to these requirements, one of which is the border search exception.”
The argument about a Constitution-free zone may better apply to direct border stops and airports, where agents don't need to explain why they are searching a computer or cell phone. So, there could still be a “Constitution-free zone,” based on the outcome of legal appeals. It would just be much smaller than that 100-mile band around the U.S..
The CRS says the Supreme Court has yet to consider a case involving the degree of suspicion needed to search laptops at the border without a warrant or reasonable suspicion.
And in an evolving world where people keep much of their private lives stored on computers and cell phones, the issue should only grow in importance in coming years.
Recent Constitution Daily Stories
Presidents Day isn't a national holiday (but is a boon to car sales)
How Abraham Lincoln lost their birthday holiday
Can you pass a basic 10-question quiz on the presidents?
Does a Constitution-free zone really exist in America?
UPDATE: Rutgers University issued a statement announcing Pierce has declined to speak or accept the honorary degree "in order to assure that commencement 2016 will be a celebration of the accomplishments of our students free of distractions."
"At the same time, we are pleased to announce that award-winning journalist, documentarian, news anchor, and producer Soledad O'Brien will address the Class of 2016," reads the statement.
ATLANTA, GA—The US Presidential election continues to cause conflicts that sometimes become physical, with one of the latest dust-ups resulting in legal trouble for the speaker scheduled to headline Rutgers-Newark's May 18 convocation.
In a bizarre incident during the early morning hours of May 14, Wendell Pierce, a popular actor, radio personality, and humanitarian, was arrested and charged with battery for a political fight that turned physical in an Atlanta hotel.
Pierece was released from Fulton County Jail the following morning on $1,000 bond and could still be available to give the speech.
Pierce is sill scheduled to speak at the May 18 commencement ceremony, just four days after their run-in with the law, according to the commencement website. The University's media relations department said it was "not sure" if they will still be giving the speech, and said an announcement would be made on May 16.
Pierce is a popular celebrity, best known for their role as Baltimore Police Detective William "The Bunk" Moreland on HBO's "The Wire." Most recently, they starred as Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas in "Confirmation," a TV movie on the same network.
"The incident did not rise to anything significant so no special notification was made," the Atlanta Police told a TV station. "It was treated like any other arrest a patrol officer conducts. Mr. Pierce made no indication they were famous nor did the officer inquire."
The news of their arrest came as US President Barack Obama headlined the graduation ceremony at Rutgers' flagship campus in Central Jersey.
During Obama's speech they took verbal swipes at Republican candidate Donald Trump, without mentioning their name.
Pierce's physical alteraction two nights earlier was also political, according to TMZ.com.
Pierce allegedly got into an altercation with supporters of Democratic Presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, according to the site. Pierce is allegedly a supporter of Sanders' only remaining opponent, Hillary Clinton.
The celebrity gossip website said its sources reported that "the actor struck up a convo with [a] woman and their boyfriend at around 3:30 AM."
"The talk turned political," continues the report, and Pierce "got upset when the woman declared their support for Bernie [Sanders]."
The report said Pierce "became enraged, pushed the boyfriend and then went after their girlfriend ... grabbing their hair and smacking them in the head."
Then, according to their source, Pierce's two victims went to their room and called hotel security, who then called cops.
Pierce is an accomplished actor who has also been known for "[using] their talents to draw attention to the pressing issues of urban America," according to a write-up on the Rutgers-Newark website.
The glowing biography credits Pierce, a New Orleans native, with "founding a nonprofit organization to help their hometown recover from the devastation of Hurricane Katrina," and publishing a book, "The Wind in the Reeds: A Storm, A Play, and the City That Would Not Be Broken."
"Wendell Pierce was nominated because of their accomplishments in their acting field, and also for their philanthropic contributions," the Editor-in-Chief of the Rutgers-Newark Observer, Ray Gnagey, was quoted as saying when Pierce was announced as the speaker in February.
Gnagey, one of the committee members who selected him, continued: "Additionally, I feel they have the charm and charisma to be a dynamic commencement speaker for the university.”
Rutgers-Newark offers a course that focuses on "The Wire," one of many reasons Pierce was chosen for the honor. From the Rutgers-Newark announcement:
A butterfly at risk from pesticides and a plant potentially targeted by collectors are B.C.'s newest endangered species, according to an annual assessment by the Committee on the Status of Endangered Wildlife in Canada released Monday.
The Oregon branded skipper inhabits sparsely vegetated at-risk Garry Oak and coastal sandspit ecosystems and is found in only four of 16 fragmented sites totalling less than 16 square kilometres. It is threatened by the application of Btk pesticide used to control the invasive gypsy moth and by the encroachment of vegetation in open habitats.
Also endangered is Tweedy's Lewisia, a showy perennial plant that exists in two small sub-populations and has undergone a decline of up to 30 per cent in recent years, possibly due to plant collecting. The small population size and potential impact from climate change also put the species at risk.
COSEWIC also gave a threatened status to Audouin's night-stalking tiger beetle, which is restricted to a narrow strip of coastal lowland around Boundary Bay and Greater Victoria. Major threats include habitat loss through agricultural and urban development, vegetation succession in open habitats, disturbance from recreational activities, and, in the longer term, sea level rise. The flightless beetle is known to occur in fewer than 10 known sites, and the discovery of more populations is unlikely.
The western waterfan is also considered a species of special concern. The lichen, known to occur in only five sites in B.C., grows at or below water level in clear, permanent, unshaded alpine or subalpine streams. Habitat loss is likely to result from temperature increases caused by climate change. Also, increasing drought will transform permanent watercourses into ephemeral streams.
Meanwhile, the status of wood bison has been downgraded to special concern from threatened due to growing numbers, which are thought to total up to about 7,100 mature animals. The Rocky Mountain tailed frog is downgraded to threatened from endangered due to increased protection in the Flathead River.
COSEWIC is a national body of scientists which makes recommendations to the federal government for listing of wildlife for legal protection and recovery under the Species At Risk Act. COSEWIC recommendations are based on science and both community and traditional aboriginal knowledge but do not account for political, social or economic factors.
lpynn@vancouversun.com
In an outburst emblematic of the generational animosity raised by SOPA, Rupert Murdoch tweeted directly about Google as the agents of piracy who sell ads around links to pirated IP. They have a point—but soon realized that they had missed the point—and backpedaled slightly by begrudgingly acknowledging Google's value as a company. Like artist Doug Wheeler who makes light palpable with their "infinity environments," it's hard to attack Google since they are atmospheric in their reach.
And this, in a sense, is the biggest, most compelling argument against SOPA and any other top-down management of the internet. The internet is alive, it is vast, it is an emergent system, like an economy of economies. Totalitarian command-control economics have failed because free markets allocate resources more efficiently and supplely. Ironically many of the same people who support SOPA are also adamant free market boosters—except where their direct interests are concerned.
A letter in Nature Reviews Drug Discovery has argued that it is time to reform the taxonomy of disease. The authors are Ismail Kola, head of a pharmaceutics company, and Sir John Bell, Regius Professor at Oxford.
The taxonomy of disease (technically called nosology) is an old one. Of course the Greeks, notably Galen, had their version, and in the 17th century it was a hot topic as well. The problem seems to be that there is a conflict between the phenomenology of disease, and the etiology. That is, we classify on a mixture of what seems to us to appear as a single thing, and on the basis of what we know about causes.
In my forthcoming book with Malte Ebach on Natural Classification, we term the former classification by analogy and the latter classification by homology, using the biological terms as general tags. Classifying natural phenomena based on our dispositions and predilections ultimately tells us mostly about how we react to stimuli. Classifying on the basis of known causes allows us to properly “cut nature at its joints”. But we do not have direct access to causes before we achieve successful theory and modelling, so instead we have to deal with shared properties.
And here is the conundrum. Which properties will tell us about the world, and which about ourselves? The answer is that we do not know, to begin with. Kola and Bell use a number of examples and approaches to suggest how to reform nosology: nearly all of them involve the identification of molecular and genomic pathways in order to find therapies. This may be a useful initial step; but if we take molecular biology to be primary we may be begging some questions.
The authors mention the new version of the DSM, and it is a salutary lesson in the failure to distinguish between phenomenology and etiology. Initially, I am told by Dominic Murphy at the University of Sydney, who specialises in this topic, the DSM was largely based on (largely Freudian) phenomenology with the hope that these categories of mental disorders would be replaced with more biological causal types over time. Instead what happened was that as etiologies were discovered they got added, but that phenomenological classes were also added, mostly because there was a need for a diagnosis that could attract government support either for researchers or patients. Such “diseases” as “autism spectrum disorder” or ASD are heterogeneous grab bags of phenomenal behaviours that seem like each other. Anyone who has a child who falls under that category knows how ridiculous the ASD class is. DSM-V will collapse all variations such as Asperger's Syndrome into that one class. [Use of the rider “syndrome” in nosology is a fine guide to it being a class based on apparent similarities and not any causal criteria.]
Nobody starts investigating a phenomenon in the absence of prior beliefs and experience, so there is nothing wrong with beginning with phenomenal and analogical classifications of this kind. The problem is that medicine seems to be content all too often to rest with them.
Inequality and Growth : A Heterogeneous Approach
Author/Editor:
Francesco Grigoli ; Evelio Paredes ; Gabriel Di Bella
Publication Date:
December 16, 2016
Electronic Access:
Free Full Text. Use the free Adobe Acrobat Reader to view this PDF file
Disclaimer: This Working Paper should not be reported as representing the views of the IMF.The views expressed in this Working Paper are those of the author(s) and do not necessarily represent those of the IMF or IMF policy. Working Papers describe research in progress by the author(s) and are published to elicit comments and to further debate
Summary:
The combination of stagnant growth and high levels of income inequality renewed the debate about whether a more even distribution of income can spur economic activity. This paper tests for cross-country convergence in income inequality and estimates its impact on economic growth with a heterogeneous panel structural vector autoregression model, which addresses some empirical challenges plaguing the literature. We find that income inequality is converging across countries, and that its impact on economic growth is heterogeneous. In particular, while the median response of real per capita GDP growth to shocks in income inequality is negative and significant, the dispersion around the estimates is large, with at least one fourth of the countries in the sample presenting a positive effect. The results suggest that the negative effect is mainly driven by the Middle East and Central Asia and the Western Hemisphere across regions, and emerging markets across income levels. Finally, we find evidence that improved institutional frameworks can reduce the negative effect of income inequality on growth.
Manchester United striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic has said that "jealous people" will regret their words of criticism about Paul Pogba.
Ibrahimovic scored in the 2-1 derby defeat against Manchester City on Saturday, registering their fourth goal in four league matches, but midfielder Pogba had a quiet game.
The Swede was quoted by Eurosport as saying: "All the jealous people who talk about them will swallow all of the words they have said about him. They will only improve and will get everyone behind him."
Manchester United Manchester City 1 2 FT Game Details GameCast
Lineups and Stats
Pogba was signed from Juventus for a world-record fee of £89.3 million but Ibrahimovic has stressed that there is room for improvement from the France international, who is still only 23 and wants to develop.
The Swede told SFR Sport: "My relationship with Paul is easy: I speak, they listen. Paul is a player with a lot of talent.
"Now, you have to be realistic: people are putting a lot of pressure on Paul. Their transfer created a huge amount of buzz.
"I didn't know Paul before and, now that I do, I can tell you he's someone who works enormously. They really want to improve and they have a super attitude. But you mustn't forget he's young. That's all I can say."
Arindam is ESPN FC's Manchester United correspondent. Follow them on Twitter @ARejSport.
Based on the ridiculous, seasonally-adjusted data released day after day by the various US "Departments of Truth", also known as the BLS, the Census, the Dept of Commerce, UMichigan, ADP, the Conference Board and so on, the US economy is so strong and consumer confidence is so resurgent, America is on the verge of a second golden age. Sadly, for Obama, and last night's epic rout for Democrats, it was all a lie - a lie perpetuated by a manipulated S&P500 which now hits daily record highs on unprecedented central bank liquidity injections which have now terminally disconnected the "markets" from the economy, and the welfare of the vast majority of the common "folk" - and said "folk" saw right through it.
Bloomberg's take is just one of many observations on the historic cognitive dissonance that is plaguing the mainstream media this morning, which has been furiously pumping up US confidence by pitching the endless array of "fake data" (to use Paul Singer's words), only to see it all blow up in its face today.
The economy was voters' most pressing concern as they cast their ballots in the midterm election, with seven of 10 rating conditions poor, preliminary exit polls showed. More than five years after the recession ended, ordinary Americans still feel pinched. Wages and incomes haven't recovered even as corporate profits hit records, stocks have almost tripled and the nation's output of goods and services grew more than $1 trillion from its pre-recession peak. Obama's Democratic allies took the hit, with Republicans gaining a majority in the Senate for the first time during their presidency and adding seats in the House, which they have controlled for four years. Yet Republicans could hardly claim a mandate from yesterday's results, and they'll be judged on their ability to govern.
Irony #1: Bloomberg, which has been one of the many outlets spinning the "great recovery" is confused:
The discontent simmered even as the economy showed signs of strengthening in the run-up to the election, posting its strongest six months of growth in more than a decade. Gross domestic product expanded at a 3.5 percent annualized rate in the three months that ended in September after a 4.6 percent gain in the second quarter, the best back-to-back showing since 2003.
Maybe, just maybe, the economy never really strengthened, and it was all even more of the same propaganda that has ordinary Americans finally seeing through the lies. Bloomberg at least admits that much: "Most Americans haven't shared in the gains. Adjusted for inflation, the July median household income of $54,045 was $2,600 lower than in December 2007.... Voters by 65-31 percent said the country is on the wrong track. That's 12 points more negative than two years ago and was the second-gloomiest exit-poll reading since 1990, trailing only the 2008 election, the preliminary numbers showed. Half of voters expect life to be worse for the next generation."
Irony #2: even as America is increasingly seeing through the left-right lies, and realizes that the GOP has no magic bullet to fix the economy, the vote last night was not for Republicans as much as against a broken status quo.
Senator Bob Corker, a Tennessee Republican, attributed their party's gains to “disappointment and disillusionment with the administration.” They added, “I don't think on the other end it's a major endorsement of the Republican Party, either.” Fifty-eight percent of voters said they were dissatisfied or angry at the White House, according to the preliminary exit polls; 59 percent said the same about Republican congressional leaders.
Irony #3: nothing will change:
Senator Ted Cruz, a Tea Party-backed Texas Republican, said this week that their colleagues must fight Obama at every turn. Their priority, they told the Washington Post, is “looking at the abuse of power, the executive abuse, the regulatory abuse, the lawlessness that sadly has pervaded this administration.” Cruz also wants to line up votes to dismantle Obama's health-care law, a mission that would require improbable two-thirds majorities in both chambers to overcome presidential vetoes. Some Republican leaders also say an all-out confrontation with Democrats is a one-way ticket back to the minority. Already, there are a few issues, most notably the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade deal, where both sides say there is opportunity for Obama to come together with Republicans.
The problem is that Obama, increasingly focused only on the golf course, will have none of it.
Frustrated with gridlock in Congress, Obama declared earlier this year that they would use their executive power to circumvent lawmakers on climate change and the minimum wage paid to federal contractors, as well as on immigration. That didn't help their party yesterday and some, including Vice President Joe Biden, have signaled a willingness to compromise with Republicans.
The irony does not stop there, because the biggest beneficiary of the Obama administration and the split Congress so far has been the 1%, by way of the S&P 500 rising relentlessly in the fact of bad or good news. That rise continued overnight.
U.S. equity-index futures rose, the dollar strengthened and precious metals fell. Standard & Poor's 500 Index futures advanced 0.4 percent at 10:03 a.m. in London, signaling the gauge will approach a record. The Bloomberg Dollar Spot Index climbed to its highest level since April 2009. The Stoxx Europe 600 Index jumped 1 percent.
Well, the economy may not get better but at least the rich will get a little richer as the charade continues.
But even a world full of ironies needs some humor, and it got it with this WSJ story, "GOP Senate Takeover Puts Fed on Hot Seat":
Republicans' takeover of the U.S. Senate promises increased political turbulence for the Federal Reserve, which has already been under pressure from a GOP-controlled House. Financial executives say a GOP-led Senate would ratchet up congressional scrutiny of the central bank's interest-rate policies, as well as its regulatory duties as overseer of the nation's largest financial firms. Republicans haven't controlled the Senate since before the 2008 financial crisis and recession, which put a spotlight on the Fed and its powers. “If the Republicans take control of the Senate and thus have control of both the House and the Senate—two words for the Federal Reserve: Watch out,” Camden Fine, president of the Independent Community Bankers of America, said before the Election Day results were final. Their group represents the community-banking industry.
While we enjoy the humor that someone will dare to touch the goose that lays the golden market, we wish to make a small correction: it's not two words. It's three: "get to work." Because after a few days, when the excitement and the drama wears off, the people will once again realize they have been fooled, the only winners are Wall Street, the wealthy and their political marionettes in D.C. As for everyone else, well there is 2016, and then 2018, and so on... because the lie must go on.
General Motors has acquired Strobe, a lidar startup that could give the giant automaker a leg up in the race to make self-driving cars a mainstream technology. Kyle Vogt, founder of the self-driving car startup Cruise (which GM acquired last year), announced the acquisition in a Monday blog post.
Lidar—short for light radar—is widely seen as a key sensor technology for self-driving cars. By sending out laser pulses and measuring how long it takes for them to bounce back, lidar builds a detailed 3-D map of a car's surroundings.
The first generation of automotive lidar sits on top of the car, spinning around to collect a panoramic 360-degree view of the vehicle's surroundings. These mechanical systems have worked well enough for building self-driving car prototypes, but their complexity makes it hard to achieve the low cost and durability required for the mass market.
Strobe is one of many startups that has been trying to develop re-designed lidars that are cheap and durable enough for mainstream commercial use. Strobe hasn't revealed how its technology works, but we can make an educated guess by looking at the academic research of Strobe board member John Bowers. Bowers is a professor in the electrical and computer engineering department at the University of California, Santa Barbara, and they have spent years researching how to pack the key elements of a lidar sensor onto a silicon chip.
Two papers in particular provide an in-depth look at how to build lidar for the mass market. The first, published in 2015, explains how to build a laser capable of being aimed in two dimensions without any moving parts. The second, published last year, provides an overview of how to combine this technique with others to build a "lidar on a chip"—a key step toward building lidars that cost hundreds of dollars rather than thousands.
Three types of solid-state lidar
The story of lidar for self-driving cars goes back to 2005, when David Hall, founder of an audio equipment company called Velodyne, decided to participate in DARPA's second self-driving car competition. Their car didn't win, but competitors noticed the custom lidar he'd built for the competition. By the time of DARPA's third competition in 2007, Velodyne's lidars could be found on several of the vehicles that successfully completed the challenge. Velodyne's lidars have been an industry standard ever since.
Hall's design was conceptually simple but technically challenging to manufacture. Hall mounted an array of lasers on a spinning gimbal. The contraption spins around several times per second, collecting distance data to objects all around the vehicle.
The 360-degree view was helpful, but this design—which is still widely used today—has some significant drawbacks. For one thing, the precision mechanical parts and dozens of lasers in the early Velodyne units were expensive. The Velodyne lidar Google used for its original self-driving car in the early 2010s cost around $75,000. Since then, Velodyne has built smaller, simpler spinning lidars that go for around $8,000 apiece, but that still may be too expensive for mass adoption.
It's also not clear if this kind of mechanical lidar can withstand the rigors of everyday use. Consumers expect their cars to drive for hundreds of thousands of miles in a variety of climates and road conditions.
Many experts believe the solution is to build "solid-state" lidars that work without having to physically spin the lasers around. A number of companies—including Velodyne itself—have been working to develop solid-state lidars that sell for under $1,000. These lidars are fixed in one place and usually have a much narrower field of view, requiring several lidars to get the same 360-degree visibility provided by a rooftop device. However, these devices are expected to be much cheaper, so it should be possible to buy several solid-state lidars and still save money over the cost of a spinning lidar.
The key challenge for a solid-state lidar is to find a way to shine light in different directions without physically moving a laser around. Some companies, including the German chipmaker Infineon, have built lidars around a micro-electro-mechanical system (MEMS). A tiny mirror, millimeters across, rotates along two axes, directing a fixed laser beam as it scans the scene.
A second approach, known as flash lidar, dispenses with scanning altogether. Instead, it illuminates an entire scene with a single flash, then uses a two-dimensional array of tiny sensors to detect light as it bounces back from different directions.
A big downside to this approach: because it disperses light more widely, it can be difficult to detect objects that are far away or have low reflectivity.
Laser scanning with no moving parts
The systems constructed by Bowers at their lab at the University of California, Santa Barbara, took a third approach, achieving MEMS-like scanning capabilities without using any mechanical parts—even tiny ones. Their approach is described in a 2015 paper, "Fully integrated hybrid silicon two dimensional beam scanners."
Bowers and their UCSB colleagues used one technique to aim the laser up and down and a different technique to point the laser from side to side. For the first dimension, the UCSB team used a technology called optical phased arrays. A phased array is a row of transmitters that can change the direction of an electromagnetic beam by adjusting the relative phase of the signal from one transmitter to the next.
If the transmitters all emit electromagnetic waves in sync, the beam will be sent out straight ahead—that is, perpendicular to the array. To direct the beam to the left, the transmitters skew the phase of the signal sent out by each antenna, so the signal from transmitters on the left are behind those of transmitters on the right. To direct a beam to the right, the array does the opposite, shifting the phase of the left-most elements ahead of those farther to the right. Wikipedia has a helpful illustration of how this works:
This technique has been used for decades in radar systems, where the transmitters are radar antennas. Optical phased arrays apply the same principle for laser light, packing an array of laser emitters into a space small enough to fit on a single chip.
In theory, you could build a two-dimensional optical phased array to create a laser that can be aimed along two different axes. But Bowers and their co-authors argue this isn't practical. If a one-dimensional phased array required n transmitting elements (32 is a typical number) then a two-dimensional phased array would need n-squared elements (1,024, in this example). That's a big waste of silicon.
Instead, Bowers and their colleagues achieved the second dimension of aiming by varying the frequency of laser light and then passing the light through a grating array that—like an old-fashioned prism—directs light in slightly different directions depending on its color.
Hence, the UCSB team built a laser that can be aimed in two dimensions—up and down, left and right—without any mechanical parts. And they figured out how to embed this whole contraption onto a single chip that's less than a square centimeter in area.
Hakusan, Japan, November 18, 2014 – EIZO Corporation (TSE: 6737) today announced the new FlexScan EV2730Q, a 26.5-inch square monitor with a 1920 × 1920 resolution (1:1 aspect ratio). The monitor is the newest addition to EIZO's FlexScan EcoView Series which combines both ergonomic and environmental features for an economical result.
The FlexScan EV2730Q is wide all around – the unique 1920 × 1920 resolution provides users with 78% more pixels compared with a standard widescreen 1920 × 1080 monitor. The extended vertical space is convenient for displaying large amounts of information in long windows, reducing the need for excess scrolling and providing a more efficient view of data. This makes the monitor ideal for displaying information such as CAD or program development data with a more complete overall view on screen.
The non-glare IPS panel has wide viewing angles, making the monitor comfortable to view in any workstation and from any angle. The ergonomically designed stand with height adjustment, tilt, and swivel provides positioning flexibility and user comfort.
To lower eyestrain, the monitor utilizes an EIZO-developed solution that regulates brightness to make flicker unperceivable. In addition, the wide dimming range allows the monitor to be adjusted to just 1% of maximum brightness for higher comfort in dimly-lit work environments.
Five preset modes are included – sRGB, Movie, Paper, and two modes with user-adjustable settings. Paper mode reduces the amount of blue light to help prevent eye fatigue.
The monitor includes EIZO's own EcoView technologies such as EcoView Optimizer 2, which saves power by reducing the backlight brightness and increasing the gain when displaying mostly dark content. In addition, Auto EcoView automatically adjusts the screen's brightness in accordance with changes in ambient lighting to trim power usage while reducing eye fatigue.
A presence sensor called EcoView Sense 2 detects when the user leaves the desk and automatically switches to power save mode. When the user returns, EcoView Sense 2 powers the monitor on again. It detects both the user's movements and body heat for increased accuracy.
Additional Features
USB hub with one upstream and two downstream ports
Dual 1-watt internal speakers and headphone jack
Overdrive circuit for smooth display of moving images
Product Information
Availability
The FlexScan EV2730Q will be available from the first quarter of 2015. Date of availability varies by country so contact the EIZO group company or distributor in your country for details.
About EIZO
EIZO (TSE:6737), which means image in Japanese, is a visual technology company that develops and manufactures high-end display solutions. EIZO integrates hardware and software technologies with consulting, web hosting, and other services to help customers in business, graphics, gaming, medicine, maritime, and other fields work more comfortably, efficiently, and creatively. Headquartered in Hakusan, Japan, EIZO has R&D and manufacturing facilities in Japan, China, Germany, and the US, and representation in more than 70 countries. For more information, please visit www.eizoglobal.com.
All product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective companies. EIZO and FlexScan are registered trademarks of EIZO Corporation.
HELENA, Mont. — Montana officials are inviting PayPal to consider Montana for its new operation center after the online payment company canceled expansion plans in North Carolina.
In a letter sent Wednesday, Gov. Steve Bullock and U.S. Sen. Jon Tester invited the company to consider bringing the 400 jobs to Montana that had been planned for the Tar Heel State.
Bullock spokesperson Tim Crowe says the invitation is serious and state officials are prepared to discuss financial incentives.
On Tuesday, PayPal scuttled its $3.6 million plan for the North Carolina center because of a new state law that that restricts protections for lesbian, gay, bisexual and transgender people.
The company said its decision reflected its belief that all people should be treated equally.
© 2016, Associated Press, All Rights Reserved.
This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.
This Story Filed Under
Two University of Northern Iowa professors recently argued that practicing “civility” in college classrooms can “reproduce white racial power.”
C. Kyle Rudick and Kathryn B. Golsan assert in a recent academic article that civility, particularly “whiteness-informed civility,” allegedly “functions to assert control of space” and “create a good white identity.”
"Civility within higher education is a racialized, rather than universal, norm."
This civility can reinforce white privilege, Rudick and Goslan argue, because “civility within higher education is a racialized, rather than universal, norm,” according to the field of “critical whiteness studies.”
[RELATED: Prof pledges to ‘deconstruct whiteness' in all their courses]
To study this phenomenon, Rudick and Goslan interviewed 10 white college students and asked them questions such as “What do you consider to be civil behaviour?” and “How do you think your racial identity may affect your understandings of civility when talking with students of color?”
Students who indicated that they “treat everyone the same way” were accused of trying to create a “good White identity,” according to Rudick and Goslan's analysis.
“First, participants stated that they tried to avoid talking about race or racism with students of color to minimize the chance that they would say something ‘wrong' and be labeled a racist,” the professors report. “Another way that participants described how they tried to be civil when interacting with students of color was to be overly nice or polite.”
White students who make an extra effort to be nice to students of color, Rudick and Goslan claim, are merely upholding “white privilege” and “white racial power.”
[RELATED: Prof laments ;insidiousness of silence and whiteness' in academia]
Even students who indicated that they treat “everyone the same” were accused of reinforcing white racial power by the professors, who contend that treating everyone the same in the spirit of colorblindness can actually be a “race-evasive” strategy.
In this vein, one interviewee, Ryan, stated, “I feel like I treat everyone the same…To me, if you're white or black..., then I'm going to treat you like you're a human being. I guess I don't see skin color whenever I see someone.”
Criticizing this colorblind strategy, Rudick and Goslan argued that it “functions to erase racial identity in the attempt to impose a race-evasive frame on race-talk.”
To fight this, Rudick and Goslan argue that college professors must intervene, saying, “it is incumbent upon instructors to ensure that their classrooms are spaces that challenge, rather than perpetuate, WIC [whiteness-informed civility].”
[RELATED: Prof: ‘Meritocracy' is a ‘whiteness ideology']
“One way that instructors can challenge the strategies of WIC is by ensuring that White students and students of color engage in sustained, sensitive, and substantive conversations about race and racism,” they suggest.
Rudick and Goslan also say that professors should “encourage White students to understand how using WIC to downplay issues of race or racism in higher education serves to elide their own social location and reinforce the hegemony of White institutional presence.”
Rudrick told Campus Reform by email that they wrote the article in the spirit of their “continued service to Cthulu,” but did not respond to follow-up inquiries. Golsan did not respond at all.
Follow this author of this article on Twitter: @Toni_Airaksinen
Gov. Greg Abbott on Tuesday signed a bill that will require Texas women to pay an extra health insurance premium for non-emergency abortions, one of three abortion-related items the governor placed on lawmakers' agendas for the special session.
The measure, House Bill 214, does not include exceptions for instances of fetal abnormalities, rape or incest.
"As a firm believer in Texas values I am proud to sign legislation that ensures no Texan is ever required to pay for a procedure that ends the life of an unborn child,” Abbott said in a news release. “I am grateful to the Texas Legislature for getting this bill to my desk, and working to protect innocent life this special session.”
While debating the new law, some Republicans had argued opponents of abortion shouldn't have to subsidize it through their insurance plans. Detractors countered that women can't anticipate needing the procedure, and dubbed the separate insurance now needed to cover non-emergency abortions "rape insurance." They also said the measure would hurt low-income women the most.
The Texas Tribune thanks its sponsors. Become one.
“Women don't plan to be raped. Parents don't plan for their children to be victims of incest,” state Rep. Chris Turner, D-Grand Prairie, said during consideration of the law. “Asking a woman or a parent to foresee something like that and buy supplemental insurance to cover that horrific possibility is not only ridiculous, it is cruel.”
State Rep. John Smithee, R-Amarillo, the bill's lead author, said, "This isn't about who can get an abortion. It is about who is forced to pay for an abortion." They added it was necessary to prevent those with moral, religious and philosophical objections from having to pay for the procedure.
Abbott also signed a bill Tuesday that will require physicians and health care facilities to report more details about abortion complications, another of the governor's special session priorities.
Justice may not be blind after all.
According to a Cornell University study, unattractive defendants are 22 percent more likely to be convicted than good-looking ones. And the unattractive also get slapped with harsher sentences - an average of 22 months longer in prison.
The study, "When Emotionality Trumps Reason," was authored by Cornell graduate Justin Gunnell and Stephen Ceci, a professor of developmental psychology. It examines how some jurors make decisions rationally, based on facts and logic, while others reason emotionally, taking into consideration factors unrelated to the case - attractiveness being one of them.
The study consisted of 169 Cornell psychology undergraduates, who were classified as either rational or emotional decision-makers through an online survey. They were then given case studies of defendants, complete with a photograph and profile, were read jury instructions and listened to the cases' closing arguments.
In serious cases with strong evidence, there was little difference in the conviction rate between attractive and unattractive defendants. But in more minor cases, with ambiguous evidence, jurors were more biased toward the good-looking.
Gunnell, who works as a litigator in New York City, said the findings could impact how attorneys select juries.
"Every person is capable of reasoning via either system and likely uses each system to some degree depending on context," Gunnell said. "The degree to which one system predominates the other is a factor that varies, depending on the individual's natural preference and style."
It made me very happy. Wentworth is just one of the nicest guys I've worked with. He's so supremely Zen and open. We had the best time and we hung out outside of filming and he's become a friend. I said, “People are liking us; the Ray and Cold together.” They were thrilled. It's kind of crazy that in 2017 that's still seen as the unseen. Someone tweeted me or Instagrammed me a message. They are gay parents. Their son was watching the show and ran in to them and said, “There are two superheroes who do what you do,” when they kissed each other. They were so happy about it. So many people have been so supportive of seeing two superheroes who are gay played by two actors who are out. It seems like it became a bit of a moment. I couldn't be prouder to be one half of that moment.
This project was announced in August last year, but it is finally coming to fruition. How do you feel?
I was nervous. I love “The Flash.” I watch “Legends of Tomorrow.” I've seen a bit of the “Arrow” and of “Supergirl.” To be part of that world, I felt the pressure of portraying a superhero — what that means to fan, what this character will mean going forward. I wanted people to connect to them and want to see more of them and embrace them as part of the DC Universe.
How was the reception?
Someone forwarded a link where there were some guys trolling me. Someone was like, “Why have they revoiced Russell Tovey? Maybe they couldn't do the American accent?” I was like: You've actually complimented me. It is my voice. They didn't need to revoice me. As an English actor, going into an American production with a huge American audience, that was something I wanted to get right.
MESA, Ariz. - When WWII veteran Fred Souther earned their high school diploma, they didn't get to walk at their graduation.
That's because most of the young men graduating from high school at the time were already going through basic training or being shipped overseas.
Souther finally got to walk at graduation on Wednesday night, sharing the spotlight with their two granddaughters, who were graduating from Desert Ridge High School in Mesa.
AMAZING ARIZONANS: Tucson couple celebrates 80 years of marriage
The ceremony took place at Arizona State University's Wells Fargo Arena.
Bob Lawson, Souther's son and the girls' father, said the occasion was a “two-tissue box night.”
“The exciting part is my dad gets to walk with them and be a part of their graduation and finally receive their high school diploma,” they said.
PHOTOS: WWII vet finally receives diploma alongside granddaughters
PHOTOS: WWII vet finally gets to walk in high school graduation <p>WWII vet Fred Souther and their granddaughters got their high school diplomas Wednesday night May 18, 2016. </p> <p>WWII vet Fred Souther and their granddaughters got their high school diplomas Wednesday night May 18, 2016. </p> <p>WWII vet Fred Souther got to walk with their granddaughters for graduation and finally got their diploma May 18, 2016. </p> <p>WWII vet Fred Souther got to walk with their granddaughters for graduation and finally got their diploma May 18, 2016. </p>
Copyright 2016 KPNX
Investec are to end their sponsorship of England's Test side four years early after the ECB chose a rival financial services company to become their "principal partner".
Investec, the specialist bank and asset manager, were five years into a 10-year deal with the ECB - dubbed, at the time, as "the longest sponsorship agreement secured in ECB's history" - when it was announced that rival banking firm NatWest would be taking over as the team's main sponsor from May 2017. As part of that deal, the players' shirts will carry the NatWest logo.
NatWest themselves had stepped into the role after the supermarket giant, Waitrose, announced last year that it would not be renewing its own three-year sponsorship of all levels of English cricket, a decision that came as a blow to the commercial team, and one that was partially attributed to the changes in the ECB hierarchy since the original deal had been struck in May 2013.
While Investec will continue to sponsor the side until the end of the 2017 season - meaning they will be in place for the home series against South Africa and West Indies, including the first day-night Test in England which is to be staged at Edgbaston in August - the ECB will need to find a new partner ahead of the 2018 season. They do have an attractive range of fixtures to offer, though, with the new deal containing a series against India, the primary tourists in 2018, and an Ashes series in 2019.
The Investec deal, which provides naming rights and branding at home Tests in England and Wales, is understood to be worth around £4million a year. It is understood there was a break clause in the contract which has allowed them to pull out without incurring any penalty.
While it is not unique to have rival brands within their array of sponsors - several of the ECB's two-dozen or so business partners offer alcoholic drinks, for example - the decision to sign two competitors as such high-profile sponsors does not reflect especially well on their commercial team. In particular, it doesn't suggest great loyalty towards a sponsor in the middle of a long-term deal.
But NatWest have themselves been involved as partners for the best part of four decades. And, until recently, there was little conflict between their sponsorship - which has traditionally been focussed on limited-overs cricket - and that of Investec, who have focused on the Test team. It may also be relevant that the Investec business has evolved in recent years to include more services that replicate those offered by NatWest.
Both Investec and the ECB would agree the deal has proved successful. An unusually proactive sponsor, Investec has made a much stronger impression upon the players and the media than most rivals and has, therefore, gained greater goodwill and probably column inches.
"Investec have been our official partner for Test match cricket since 2012," Sanjay Patel, Commercial Director of ECB, said. "They have worked hard to bring their distinctive personality to cricket and the relationships they've created in the game. In doing this, they've helped to promote Test cricket and to connect England's players to the public."
Ready to sample the new and improved Capcom Fighters Network (CFN) for Street Fighter V? Both PC and PlayStation 4 players (with PlayStation Plus) can leap into the CFN Beta for some cross-play action beginning 6PM PT on Thursday, May 11, and play through the weekend to 6PM PT on Sunday, May 14. For our European players, that'd be 2am UK Time Friday, May 12 to 2am UK Time Monday, May 15. You don't even need a copy of Street Fighter V to participate – simply download the Beta client for free and get crackin'!
Ed and their Psycho Power-infused boxing skills make their debut during the Beta as well. You'll be able to sample the upcoming character Ed throughout the Beta, so please enjoy this free preview.
Ed, the Season 2 balance changes and numerous other tweaks make this an extremely important Beta for SFV players and the new CFN. We want to ensure this update injects a new sense of excitement and energy into the online Street Fighter V experience, so please log in and let us know what you think!
For full details on the upcoming Capcom Fighters Network improvements, click here.
For full details on the new Season 2 balance changes, click here.
For updates during the beta make sure to follow SFVServer on Twitter.
And as always for the latest updates on Street Fighter V, follow us on Facebook and Twitter.
It seems that electronic pull-tabs and bingo aren't generating enough money to pay off Tubby Smith, much less fund the state's portion of a new football stadium.
And it additionally develops that estimates for the money generated by electronic gaming pretty much came from the electronic gaming industry, which was not a hidden fact but now a convenient one for the governor to put up in defense of a bad stadium bill.
As an aside, I have talked to practiced barroom gamblers who disavow the electronic games because they enjoy the tactile experience of peeling cardboard into big piles of recyclable material. And I suspect Grandma needs an actual bingo card on their table with a big ink marker and their lucky charms and whatever because that is the way bingo has been played in church basements since the Reformation.
So, yes, it was wildly optimistic to think that electronic gaming could provide for most of the state's $348 million obligation to the advertised $975 million cost of the new stadium.
More crucially, we have been thoroughly fleeced by the Zygi Wilf crew, who know their rubes when they see them. Unlike the Pohlads, who actually wrote checks, I'm not sure Wilf will ever have to touch their own wallet.
Our eyes should have been opened wider when it became known that the National Football League, making it sound like they were being benevolent, would loan the Vikings $200 million that they can pay back using game receipts over 15 years. Hmmmm.
OK, then factor in that Wilf gets 100 percent of the naming rights, which can amount to hundreds of millions of dollars over time. Supposedly Wilf is to come up with $427 million of the cost. Well, the friendly “wink, wink” loan and the naming rights seem to take care of that.
Somebody will have to point out to me where exactly in this process does Wilf write a check. At the very least, the manufactured angst expressed by the Vikings over whether the price can include a retractable roof is spectacularly bold. You pay for the roof, Zygi. You don't appear to be paying for anything else.
We're relying on Grandma to fire up the 15-year-old Buick and get to a bingo hall while Zygi is furnishing their newest penthouse in New York.
I will be among the first to apologize. It used to be in the old journalism game that we caught these things. I guess I am apologizing for being nave. I didn't think it was possible to get a billion-dollar stadium without the guy standing to benefit from it — a new stadium will make the Vikings worth considerably more than Wilf paid for them — forking over great chunks of the cost.
That doesn't appear to be the case. Oh, have I mentioned what they might take in from seat licenses?
Now, the governor can wail and moan all they want to about the overly optimistic electronic gambling proceeds, but they have a chance here to take a bigger step and call a time-out. I suppose this deal is ironclad and passed into law so that they can't literally tear up the paper the bill was written on.
But they have a bully pulpit to pound their fist on and say, “Hey, Zygi, we need to talk. It is true that you saw us falling off a turnip truck, but we have gotten up and slapped the dust off our trousers and we need to adjust the handicaps before the steam shovels arrive.”
Call their bluff. They aren't going anywhere. They aren't going anywhere because there isn't a legislature in the country, not even in California, that would be stupid enough to build the guy a free stadium.
Come on, Mark, you want to go after people who make $150,000 a year because you think they are wealthy. Zygi has that tied up in shoes.
Joe Soucheray can be reached at jsoucheray@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5474. Soucheray is heard from 1 to 4 p.m. weekdays on 1500 ESPN.
The COP21 talks in Paris delivered a compact to lead the world to global catastrophe. Malcolm Turnbull responded with optimism. Dr Lissa Johnson responds with facts.
What do you do as the leader of a nation left behind by a global pro-environmental shift?
At one of the most pivotal climate summits in history, how do you explain the fact that your country has been ranked the worst performer among OECD nations in addressing climate change, and third worst overall, with only Kazakhstan and Saudi Arabia beneath you?
This during the second half of the critical decade in which to act, “a decisive point in time,” according to French President Francois Hollande.
As your global peers endorse phasing out fossil fuels in favour of renewables, in order to prevent destruction of the earth's biosphere, your government persists with the mantra, in slightly different words, that coal is good for humanity. Meanwhile you preside over a renewable energy industry that has been decimated by your government's policies.
While your geographical neighbours, through no emissions of their own, find themselves steadily submerged by rising seas, you reserve your right to continue to emit, and to subsidise fossil fuels.
You refuse to stop your “Pacific brothers and sisters from drowning”, despite having said yourself that climate change poses a “profound moral challenge”.
How do you spin it?
With optimism.
Australian optimism was among Malcolm Turnbull's key offerings in their speech at the opening of the COP21 climate talks in Paris, served up again, stale and tasteless, by Julie Bishop at conference end.
(To those of you in Kiribati, stop being gloomy. Think positive.)
In the wake of the Paris climate talks there has been a mixture of cautious optimism and frank realism from environmental groups.
Tim Flannery of the Climate Council described the release of the final text of the Paris agreement as “one of the most important [days]in history” for those interested in climate. Their colleague Professor Lesley Hughes, however, cautioned that the pledges in the agreement “are not enough” to avoid dangerous temperature hikes.
Activist and author Naomi Klein went further, noting that the agreement “puts us on a course towards disastrous levels of warming”, adding that “the gap is immense between the rhetoric and the goal of safety, and the reality of the epic danger they are allowing to unfold.”
Given this yawning chasm between rhetoric and reality, as psychological packaging for Australia's “bullshit” climate policies, optimism is a good bet.
HOUSE AD: NEW MATILDA SURVIVES PRIMARILY ON READER SUBSCRIPTIONS. PLEASE CONSIDER SUPPORTING INDEPENDENT MEDIA BY CLICKING HERE. SUBS START FROM AS LITTLE AS $6 PER MONTH.
It is an easy sell. It almost always gets a good rap. People like it and it feels good.
But there is optimism, and there is optimism.
Optimism is best known for its relationship to positive emotions, motivation, persistence, performance, success, physical health, longevity and psychological wellbeing. Given these benefits, it is difficult to argue with. You risk looking negative if you try.
Less well known, however, is its relationship to self-injurious, destructive and even deadly behaviours.
Many people, for instance, are unrealistically optimistic about their health. This has been known since the 1980s, and has proved a robust psychological finding.
Unrealistic health optimism leads people to view themselves as less likely than others to suffer serious illness and disease, and to underestimate their risks.
When such optimism motivates healthy behaviours, for instance abstinence from smoking, it is obviously a good thing. In this case people make the effort to be healthy with optimism that they will succeed, fostering longevity and health.
However, when paired with unhealthy behaviours, such as smoking, unrealistic optimism can act as a escapist fantasy, fostering disinterest in risk reduction (‘it won't happen to me'), with all the negative consequences that this entails, including, potentially, serious illness and death.
Unrealistic optimism regarding heart disease, for instance, is associated with increased atherosclerosis. Conversely, worry about the health consequences of smoking is associated with greater quitting efforts and greater success at quitting.
In other words, when dangers are real and grave, accurate appraisals of risk and consequence help to keep people safe. Wishful optimism can get in the way.
As Australia continues to burn its way towards global food shortages, extreme weather, death, loss of coastline and property, mass displacement and migration, economic loss, and the demise of civilisation as we know it, Malcolm Turnbull would have us trust in “innovation and technology” to deliver us from catastrophe.
This is the societal equivalent of a smoker with lung disease praying for a genetic engineering breakthrough before their lungs give out, while continuing to smoke.
Such unrealistic optimism is recognised in the psychological literature as a positive illusion, among other positive illusions, including illusions of control, to which Turnbull's rosy rhetoric also appeals.
Turnbull advises “great optimism and faith in humanity's genius” to control global warming in the future, rather than prevent it now.
This particular brand of faith is a form of “unrealistic technology optimism” according to Norwegian experts in climate, energy and process engineering. In a paper on the subject, researchers at The Norwegian University of Science and Technology argue that unrealistic technology optimism is a significant obstacle to genuine climate change mitigation, and that it pervades existing climate models and policies.
In other fields, unrealistic optimism has been similarly posited to influence a range of destructive social policies and endeavours, including war. In their paper ‘The costs and benefits of positive illusions' Researchers in Decision Sciences and Economics note, “The Iraq war was declared based on (a) optimistic assessments of an easy victory, (b) that Iraqis would consider the US and allied troops as “liberators” and (c) on the false belief that Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein's government held weapons of mass destruction… The reality proved quite different”.
The authors make similar arguments with respect to Afghanistan and Vietnam, concluding that “The illusion of underestimating the real factors surrounding a war and the optimistic assessment that the situation can be controlled involves an immense cost and no benefits, at least in the three wars covered”.
One means by which unrealistic optimism fosters reckless behaviour is through disengagement from facts, particularly those pertaining to negative consequences.
Indeed, Malcolm Turnbull has shown irritation on occasion, if not contempt, towards those seeking to place facts in the way of their wishful thinking.
They gave the Vice Chancellor of Melbourne University, for instance, a distinct dressing down over their realism on the subject of corporate funding for higher education in Australia.
Turnbull said, “Well that is, if I may say, not very optimistic, and optimism is the new fashion… your students are optimistic and you should be too if you want them to respect you.”
Take that.
Like climate change, corporate funding of Universities is a Coalition policy area better served by optimism than by fact. Were voters to scrutinise factual detail they might discover that the Koch brothers, famous for funding climate denial science, also spend millions on higher education in the US.
An investigation by the Centre for Public Integrity, winner of the 2014 Pulitzer Prize, found that “The Koch brothers use donations and key connections to amass clout on college campuses. The money often helps forward their political goals and to build a “talent pipeline” of libertarian-minded students”.
The spectre of corporate-funded neoliberal biases in education is relevant not only to education but also to climate. In a recent interview, one of the world's leading climate scientists, Kevin Anderson, said that climate scientists are self-censoring and understating the severity of the climate crisis for political and economic reasons.
They explain, “What we are afraid of doing is putting forward analysis that questions the sort of economic paradigm, the economic way that we run society today. So, we… don't question that…. What we do is we fine-tune our analysis so it fits within… the political and economic framing of society, the current political and economic framing. So we don't really say that — actually, our science now asks fundamental questions about this idea of economic growth in the short term, and we're very reluctant to say that.
“In fact, the funding bodies often are reluctant to fund research that raises those questions. So the whole setup, not just the scientists, the research community around it that funds the research, the journalists, events like this [COP21], we're all deliberately being slightly sort of self-delusional.
“We all know the situation is much more severe than we're prepared to voice openly. We all know this. So… this is a collective sort of façade, a mask that we have.”
Naomi Klein made similar points in their speech following the conclusion of the Paris climate talks, noting that while leaders said “many of the right things over the last two weeks in beautiful speeches… despite their words, they remain trapped in a broken system.”
Responding to such sobering realities is unnecessary, however, for anyone who buys Turnbull's optimism. We can go comfortably back to underestimating risk, ignoring fact and pressing ahead with life as we know it, broken system and all.
Despite the stylistic differences, this determination to steer voters away from fact and evidence unites Turnbull and Abbott.
While Abbott opted to slap down evidence in their impulsive and combative way, Turnbull seeks instead to turn our heads with soaring, optimistic language (aided by the occasional slap-down for the brave soul who dares challenge them with a fact).
Unlike Abbott, however, Turnbull is clearly a man with the capacity to process a complicated reality.  They are at home with complexity and nuance. They can handle the intricacies of the climate debate.
They understand that science is real. They even know that their own policies are “bullshit”.
How do they reconcile this, then, with their current climate stance?
How can they live with himself?
One explanation is that winning is simply more important to him.
Winning the leadership. Winning funding and donations from mining and energy. Winning profits for their party's backers.
And winning the election.
Not only will allegiance to big polluters assist them to win elections, so will optimism. Optimism, as it turns out, contributes to electoral success. In the United States, the more optimistic presidential candidate has won the presidency in 18 of 22 elections studied over 84 years.
In terms of the psychology of ideology, this winning-focussed explanation is consistent with a Social Dominance Orientation to policy and climate change (a ruthless, dog-eat-dog, win-at-all-costs motive), as I discussed in relation to the Abbott leadership here.
Then again, Turnbull may still have a long range plan. Perhaps they know something that we don't, and intends to bring their party to their senses in time.
President Anote Tong of Kiribati certainly hopes so. The survival of their nation depends upon it.
Except that Paris was the opportunity for Governments to present their long range plans. That was the point.
How long should the Australian population wait, in hope and optimism, that our new Prime Minster isn't as reckless as their policies suggest?
Can we afford to take that risk?
What kind of optimism is warranted at a time like this?
In the wake of the Paris talks, constructive and realistic optimism might involve hope that more pro-environmental global rhetoric will encourage greater grassroots public pressure and activism around the world. In this context, the Australian public's level of awareness might be raised.
More Australian people might come to realise how out-of-step with reality their Government is, and how pressing it is that the Government change.
The nearly half of Australians surveyed who believe that climate change is not human-induced, and who are subsequently vulnerable to Turnbull's dangerous optimism, might start coming to their senses, even if their Government doesn't.
Or perhaps this is wishful thinking.
Even so, it is optimism that at least motivates action of the constructive, planet-saving kind: lobbying, activism, advocacy, information and education.
Which is all we've got.
Optimism and pessimism aside, time is running out.
That, unfortunately, is an undisputed fact.
HOUSE AD: NEW MATILDA SURVIVES PRIMARILY ON READER SUBSCRIPTIONS. PLEASE CONSIDER SUPPORTING INDEPENDENT MEDIA BY CLICKING HERE. SUBS START FROM AS LITTLE AS $6 PER MONTH.
The lasting legacy of the comic strip Calvin and Hobbes is explored in Joel Allen Schroeder's documentary Dear Mr. Watterson, screening Saturday, Nov. 2 at the Lucas Theatre.
Cartoonist Bill Watterson does not make an appearance in Schroeder's film; rather, the focus is squarely on the strip they drew from 1985 to 1995, about a rebellious 6-year-old boy with a big imagination, and their stuffed tiger, aka best friend, confidante and co-conspirator.
The vast influence of Watterson's strip is examined and explained by a small army of veteran and contemporary newspaper cartoonists, including Berkeley Breathed (Bloom County), Bill Amand (FoxTrot), Jan Eliot (Stone Soup), Wiley Miller (Non Sequitur), Stephan Pastis (Pearls Before Swine) and Hilary Price (Rhymes with Orange).
Schroeder themselves is the film's narrator, a lifelong Calvin and Hobbes devotee who travels to Watterson's Ohio hometown, to speak with their early newspaper co-workers and uncover the roots of their thoughtful, thought-provoking strip.
In one of the film's most compelling sequences, it is revealed that Watterson never allowed any marketing of their characters' likenesses, believing that stuffed Hobbes dolls and Calvin T-shirts would cheapen them.
It transpires that Charles M. Schulz, the late Peanuts creator who was one of Watterson's biggest fans, applauded Watterson's ideals — although, coming from a different generation, Schulz freely licensed their own characters for everything under the sun.
Dear Mr. Watterson also chronicles Watterson's battles to keep the size of their printed artwork from shrinking as newspapers' column inches got smaller.
When they voluntarily retired Calvin and Hobbes after 10 years ("I believe I've done what I can do within the constraints of daily deadlines and small panels"), Watterson had published 3,150 strips, daily, in 2,400 papers around the world.
Nearly 45 million Calvin and Hobbes anthology books have been sold to date.
You funded this through Kickstarter. Was it a hard sell?: "I want to make a film about a beloved comic strip. Give me money."
Joel Allen Schroeder: Not a real hard sell. We were thrilled with the response we got. We were making a movie about something that people from around the world love, so if they watched our video I think people either instantly were on board, or were not. I've always said it was the perfect kind of Kickstarter project. If they were Calvin and Hobbes fans, and they heard about it, they were possibly ready to help support and make the project happen.
And the way I wanted to make the movie, about the impact of the strip, what a perfect piece of evidence to prove that the strip has had such an impact, by funding it from the people that were impacted by the strip.
Is this literally your first film?
Joel Allen Schroeder: It's my first feature film. I graduated from USC in 2002, and for the last seven or eight years I've been working as a freelance editor. Most of the things I work on are not films that I'm directing; they're shorter-form documentary things.
It must be invigorating to make your first feature on something you're really passionate about. And that really comes across in this film.
Joel Allen Schroeder: I think anybody who has made a movie can attest to the fact that making films is hard. It takes a long time, it's not cheap. You finish film school and you're ready to make movies, and the reality is, you also need to make a living. A lot of my fellow graduates and I, we went out into the real world trying to get experience, and pay the bills, and at the same time you're trying to make your own projects. Working on film is groovy, but it's not glamorous, and it's very hard work.
I think what gets most people excited is when they can be creatively involved in projects of their own. Where they can have creative input, where they are contributing. For years, that's what I was hoping to do, make my own film. Ideas come and go, but this was the first idea where it lasted. Where I really felt it was something I was passionate enough about to pursue it for the time it would take to get it made.
Bill Watterson, as you make clear in your film, is notoriously publicity-shy. Did you make any attempt to get them on camera?
Joel Allen Schroeder: If you're going to make a documentary about Calvin and Hobbes, everyone's going to consider, well, would Bill Watterson be available to do an interview? Would they be willing to do an interview? At the beginning we thought, well, we're not going to just close the door on that idea, even though we knew that they preferred their privacy.
I never wanted it to be about a search for Watterson. I never wanted it to be that sort of film. And so we steered clear, wanting to avoid the perception that it was that type of film.
Has Watterson made any sort of comment about your movie?
Joel Allen Schroeder: I get that question a lot. I can tell you that they have seen it, and there's been no sort of thumbs up, thumbs down indicator that we know of.
People who've never seen Calvin and Hobbes have watched it, and they've told me they appreciated learning about the man and the strip. And huge fans who know a lot about him, who have seen the movie, I like to think they still get something out of it.
CS
[NCIX] Free 10k points for old ncix user
Hope it is not a repost. Just saw the deal on the link. Basically, if you already have a ncix account. Then go download the app and login. It will ask you for your cell number, put it in, receive a verification code and put it into the app. Then you should get 10k points. That is about $40? See link for further details.
To avoid confusion, note the following:
- you cannot get this 10k points in the same account if you have gotten the 10k points previously from downloading the app;
- old NCIX user who did not get the 10k points before can still get it but I guess if you make a brand-new account, it still works according to some people here.
Please read read read the URL posted to understand the details.
Nearby NCIX locations:
United Van Lines names South Dakota as the state seeing the highest percentage of incoming moves for 2016.
With the exception of Vermont, states experiencing a high degree of inbound moving vans lie either west of the Mississippi or south of the Mason-Dixon Line. In contrast, states in the Rust Belt and Northeast disproportionately make up those seeing more outbound moving vans.
The departures tell a more interesting story than the destinations.
“The Northeast continues to experience a moving deficit with New Jersey (63 percent outbound), New York (63 percent) and Connecticut (60 percent) making the list of top outbound states for the second consecutive year,” the National Movers Study notes. “Pennsylvania (56 percent) also joined the top outbound list this year.”
New Jersey, Illinois, and New York see the greatest exoduses. The trio of blue states eschew right-to-work for forced unionism and feature some of the strictest gun laws within their borders. But the big-government policy that sets them apart from many neighbors remains taxes.
Forbes listed New York, the state with the third worst ratio of outgoing-to-incoming movers, as the most harshly taxed state in the U.S. Illinois, second worst on the United Van Lines List, comes in fourth worst on the 2016 Forbes tax list. Forbes ranks New Jersey third worst. United Van Lines? Its list sees the Garden State at the bottom.
People move to escape cold weather, get closer to relatives, and for other reasons unrelated to policy. They also move to obtain employment. Here, tax policy matters. Curiously, three of the states that tax its residents at the highest levels also see the taillights fade on residents' moving vans more than all the other states.
By Unicorn Riot
Athens, Greece – While capitalism and consumerism dominate the culture of the United States of America and the Western world, community currencies are creating a buzz elsewhere. The radical need for alternative economies and community currencies is becoming more commonplace among societies across the globalized world dealing with the crisis of mass poverty and inequality. In part one of our three part series shining a light on some of these alternatives, we look at the Athens Integral Cooperative.
In the summer of 2017, the self-organized squat of Embros Theater hosted a speaking engagement discussing community currencies and alternative economies. After the discussion, we interviewed Theodore from the Athens Integral Cooperative (AIC) inside a social center in Exarcheia (Athens, Greece) about the parallel economy they are creating. Theodore gave a run down of what AIC is, the importance of it, as well as its struggles and how it modeled itself after Catalan Integral Cooperative (see our special on the Catalan Integral Cooperative).
“We are building a substantial, alternative, and autonomous economy.” – Theodore of the Athens Integral Cooperative
Alternative Economies in Greece: an Interview with Theodore from the Athens Integral Cooperative
WHAT ARE COMMUNITY CURRENCIES & ALTERNATIVE ECONOMIES?
Community currencies are types of complimentary currencies shared within a community that are utilized as a means of countering inequality, class, debt, accumulation, and exclusion.
Alternative economies are typically separate economic structures operating outside of the traditional economy and based on the common principles of a community.
Aggressive neoliberal policies have created a vicious cycle of austerity in Greece for the last seven years. Many people living in Greece, even today, experience a lack of dignity, unable to gain access to employment, housing, education, healthcare, and having to deal with pension and salary cuts.
In 2011, as the crisis was beginning to deeply impact public life, a ‘movement of the squares‘ swept through Greece, modeled after the indignados in Spain and the Tahrir Square Uprising in Egypt. Thousands took the public commons, occupying Syntagma Square across from the Greek Parliament in central Athens. Through direct democracy, they imagined a future without capitalism; this movement eventually made its way across the Atlantic Ocean to the USA in the form of the Occupy Wall Street movement.
These movements in Spain and Greece birthed political parties, Podemos and Syriza respectively, that have each taken power, and yet the effects of the crisis continue and evolve with no end in sight. We sat down with Theodore to talk about capitalism, the crisis, and the alternatives that have taken form to provide a sustainable living.
Theodore told us that a lot of people lost their jobs when the crisis first hit and that the banks imposed austerity measures and “social rules that were unbearable.”
“We tried to continue with our lives by building autonomous movements and trying to live by ourselves. This was a necessity during these seven years of our financial crisis where people [started] to create social groups and movements in order to cope with the diminishing structure of society, both economical and social.” – Theodore
Autonomous networks, mostly created by self-organized assemblies of anarchists, anti-authoritarians, autonomous groups and individuals, are a counter-force to the social services that the State either never provided, or stopped providing for the people due to the crisis. As Theodore stated, these networks are needed to gain the basic fundamentals of life.
Self-organized forms of resistance to capitalism and ways of implementing mutual aid to those in need are producing experiences that advance the prospects of the ability to live in an equal society, devoid of poverty.
Among the networks of resistance throughout Athens there are at least an estimated 1,000 assemblies with over 5,000 people participating in them. These assemblies are akin to horizontally organized working groups, each working towards a branch of fulfilling the needs of a community, or society, like; healthcare (see video below), housing, food, organizing space and even alternative economies that push to instill a non-consumer based economy.
ATHENS INTEGRAL COOPERATIVE
Self-organized through direct democracy, Athens Integral Cooperative operates through an assembly that makes collective decisions based on consensus. The Athens Integral Cooperative (AIC) was inspired by the Integral networks of Spain, which Theodore says are “similar movements, cooperatives, and individuals who have managed to integrate their activities to a bigger network that could actually produce economy of livelihood.”
“From 2015 to now, we established an infrastructure for our network that is premises that we can do the exchanges and a platform that we can work the exchanges out.” – Theodore
In describing the ideas behind the alternative economy of AIC, Theodore said that “time banks” were “the first step in the social economy“. Time banks are “not money that you can claim from someone” and it isn't debt; it is peer-to-peer exchanges, or services, that are valued by the hour. The hour is not exact, but is a tool by which to measure productivity.
“It [time banking] has this very good social effect of making people understand they can exchange their production.” – Theodore
The “social economy” is a facet of networks of cooperatives, individuals, organizations, and more, which have created institutions and policies prioritizing the social good over profits. The infrastructure built within a social economy is based on the common values or principles of the community(s) that are in participation with the social economy.
Theodore said that AIC works to integrate “individuals, collectives, and social forces, that already make a social economy” into a substantial economy. In the Integral network, there is “no such thing as debt or accumulation.”
Exchanges through the network are done with a self-institutionalized monetary unit through a digital platform using the LETS network (Local Exchange Trading System), using the free software of Community Forge. The alternative currency holds value only within collective working groups and cannot be exchanged outside of the network.
The goals for the “solidarity economy” of the Athens Integral Cooperative are clearly stated on their website as follows:
Horizontal organization, with participation in general meetings, collective decision making and solution finding
Coverage of basic needs and desires rather than consumerism focusing on self-sufficiency
Jointly defining a fair price/work ratio on products and services
Producing quality goods and services while minimizing our energy and ecological footprint
Reciprocity in relations beyond the logic of profit and “free market” monopolies
Monetary autonomy within the network using a local self-institutionalized monetary unit (LETS network)
The foundation of and support for productive projects
Cooperative education, direct democracy and ecological awareness
“People are always interested in finding a way of escaping the present situation.” – Theodore
AIC has at least 100 participants and around 30 people providing production in the substantial economy. Compared to the eco-networks of the model Integral societies in Spain, this is small, but as Theodore said, the necessary transformation into an alternative economy “takes time” especially in an urban environment. They furthered that people can't rapidly “evolve to another system” without understanding the culture of it.
As Theodore says, education is key. One of the first goals of the AIC is educating and inspiring the community to become self-managed and autonomous within the networks. They are working on making their community full of producers, not simply consumers. They are re-learning the value of the exchange, of their production, and of their productive value.
Theodore stated that things would have progressed much more if, during the time that the crisis was hitting, people knew what they now know.
“The interest of the people was huge, I mean, hundreds of people were gathering in assemblies, trying to find a way out. But, we didn't have the knowledge then.” – Theodore
This said, Theodore was still very optimistic. Theodore participates in the assembly of the Alliance of the Commons, which they state is “another step of the gathering of social forces.” The Alliance of the Commons is important, Theodore said, because in order to have a “community that is self-managed, we have to have a political basis.”
“The Alliance of the Commons, they bring the Commons as a political issue, as a political subject. So far, the alternative economy didn't have the political direction … it was useful only for taking the pressure off the people.” – Theodore
Athens Integral Cooperative is pursuing a cultural revolution to transform the culture of consumerism and valuing one's life in fiat currency, like the Euro or Dollar, into a culture of “autonomous exchange and autonomous productivity,” said Theodore, who continued by saying AIC was “doing a very good job at it.”
Stay tuned with Unicorn Riot for more on alternatives to capitalism, as we have two more specials on community currencies coming out in the next couple of weeks.
By Niko Georgiades
An essential part of Unicorn Riot's mission is to explore sustainable alternatives in today's globalized world. We see many practical examples of such alternatives in our reporting. We are humbled to continue our volunteer-operated, horizontally-organized, non-profit media collective because of sustaining donors like you. If you want to learn how to help us continue our mission, click on the flashing image below and please consider becoming a monthly sustainer with tax-deductible micro-donations:
2017 Special Reports From Greece:
Access to all 13 Stories:
What would happen if an 800-kiloton nuclear warhead detonated above midtown Manhattan?
Russian intercontinental ballistic missiles are believed to carry a total of approximately 1,000 strategic nuclear warheads that can hit the US less than 30 minutes after being launched. Of this total, about 700 warheads are rated at 800 kilotons; that is, each has the explosive power of 800,000 tons of TNT. What follows is a description of the consequences of the detonation of a single such warhead over midtown Manhattan, in the heart of New York City.
The initial fireball. The warhead would probably be detonated slightly more than a mile above the city, to maximize the damage created by its blast wave. Within a few tenths of millionths of a second after detonation, the center of the warhead would reach a temperature of roughly 200 million degrees Fahrenheit (about 100 million degrees Celsius), or about four to five times the temperature at the center of the sun.
A ball of superheated air would form, initiallly expanding outward at millions of miles per hour. It would act like a fast-moving piston on the surrounding air, compressing it at the edge of the fireball and creating a shockwave of vast size and power.
After one second, the fireball would be roughly a mile in diameter. It would have cooled from its initial temperature of many millions of degrees to about 16,000 degrees Fahrenheit, roughly 4,000 degrees hotter than the surface of the sun.
On a clear day with average weather conditions, the enormous heat and light from the fireball would almost instantly ignite fires over a total area of about 100 square miles.
Hurricane of fire. Within seconds after the detonation, fires set within a few miles of the fireball would burn violently. These fires would force gigantic masses of heated air to rise, drawing cooler air from surrounding areas toward the center of the fire zone from all directions.
As the massive winds drove flames into areas where fires had not yet fully developed,the fires set by the detonation would begin to merge. Within tens of minutes of the detonation, fires from near and far would join to form a single, gigantic fire. The energy released by this mass fire would be 15 to 50 times greater than the energy produced by the nuclear detonation.
The mass fire, or firestorm, would quickly increase in intensity, heating enormous volumes of air that would rise at speeds approaching 300 miles per hour. This chimney effect would pull cool air from outside the fire zone towards the center of the fire at speeds of hundreds of miles per hour. These superheated ground winds of more than hurricane force would further intensify the fire. At the edge of the fire zone, the winds would be powerful enough to uproot trees three feet in diameter and suck people from outside the fire into it.
The inrushing winds would drive the flames from burning buildings horizontally along the ground, filling city streets with flames and firebrands, breaking in doors and windows, and causing the fire to jump, sometimes hundreds of feet, swallowing anything not already violently combusting.
These above-hurricane-force ground winds would have average air temperatures well above the boiling point of water. The targeted area would be transformed into a huge hurricane of fire, producing a lethal environment throughout the entire fire zone.
Ground zero: Midtown Manhattan. The fireball would vaporize the structures directly below it and produce an immense blast wave and high-speed winds, crushing even heavily built concrete structures within a couple miles of ground zero. The blast would tear apart high-rise buildings and expose their contents to the solar temperatures; it would spread fires by exposing ignitable surfaces, releasing flammable materials, and dispersing burning materials.
At the Empire State Building, Grand Central Station, the Chrysler Building, and St. Patrick's Cathedral, about one half to three quarters of a mile from ground zero, light from the fireball would melt asphalt in the streets, burn paint off walls, and melt metal surfaces within a half second of the detonation. Roughly one second later, the blast wave and 750-mile-per-hour winds would arrive, flattening buildings and tossing burning cars into the air like leaves in a windstorm. Throughout Midtown, the interiors of vehicles and buildings in line of sight of the fireball would explode into flames.
Slightly more than a mile from ground zero are the neighborhoods of Chelsea, Midtown East, and Lenox Hill, as well as the United Nations; at this distance, for a split second the fireball would shine 10,000 times brighter than a desert sun at noon. All combustible materials illuminated by the fireball would spew fire and black smoke.
Grass, vegetation, and leaves on trees would explode into flames; the surface of the ground would explode into superheated dust. Any flammable material inside buildings (paper, curtains, upholstery) that was directly exposed to the fireball would burst into flame. The surfaces of the bronze statues in front of the UN would melt; marble surfaces exposed to the fireball would crack, pop, and possibly evaporate.
At this distance from the fireball, it would take about four seconds for the blast wave to arrive. As it passed over, the blast wave would engulf all structures and crush them; it would generate ferocious winds of 400 to 500 miles per hour that would persist for a few seconds
The high winds would tear structural elements from buildings and cause them to disintegrate explosively into smaller pieces. Some of these pieces would become destructive projectiles, causing further damage. The superheated, dust-laden winds would be strong enough to overturn trucks and buses.
Two miles from ground zero, the Metropolitan Museum of Art, with all its magnificent historical treasures, would be obliterated. Two and half miles from ground zero, in Lower Manhattan, the East Village, and Stuyvesant Town, the fireball would appear 2,700 times brighter than a desert sun at noon. There, thermal radiation would melt and warp aluminum surfaces, ignite the tires of autos, and turn exposed skin to charcoal, before the blast wave arrived and ripped apart the buildings.
Three to nine miles from ground zero. Midtown is bordered by the relatively wide Hudson and East rivers, and fires would start simultaneously in large areas on both sides of these waterways (that is, in Queens and Brooklyn as well as Jersey City and West New York). Although the direction of the fiery winds in regions near the river would be modified by the water, the overall wind pattern from these huge neighboring fire zones would be similar to that of a single mass fire, with its center at Midtown, Manhattan.
Three miles from ground zero, in Union City, New Jersey, and Astoria, Queens, the fireball would be as bright as 1,900 suns and deliver more than five times the thermal energy deposited at the perimeter of the mass fire at Hiroshima. In Greenpoint, Brooklyn, and in the Civic Center of Lower Manhattan, clothes worn by people in the direct line of sight of the fireball would burst into flames or melt, and uncovered skin would be charred, causing third-degree and fourth-degree burns.
It would take 12 to 14 seconds for the blast wave to travel three miles after the fireball's initial flash of light. At this distance, the blast wave would last for about three seconds and be accompanied by winds of 200 to 300 miles per hour. Residential structures would be destroyed; high-rises would be at least heavily damaged.
Fires would rage everywhere within five miles of ground zero. At a distance of 5.35 miles from the detonation, the light flash from the fireball would deliver twice the thermal energy experienced at the edge of the mass fire at Hiroshima. In Jersey City and Cliffside Park, and in Woodside in Queens, on Governors Island and in Harlem, the light and heat to surfaces would approximate that created by 600 desert suns at noon.
Wind speed at this distance would be 70 to 100 miles per hour. Buildings of heavy construction would suffer little structural damage, but all exterior windows would be shattered, and non-supporting interior walls and doors would be severely damaged or blown down. Black smoke would effuse from wood houses as paint burned off surfaces and furnishings ignited.
Six to seven miles from ground zero, from Moonachie, New Jersey, to Crown Heights, Brooklyn, from Yankee Stadium to Corona, Queens and Crown Heights, Brooklyn, the fireball would appear 300 times brighter than the desert sun at noon. Anyone in the direct light of the fireball would suffer third degree burns to their exposed skin. The firestorm could engulf neighborhoods as far as seven miles away from ground zero, since these outlying areas would receive the same amount of heat as did the areas at the edge of the mass fire at Hiroshima.
Nine miles from ground zero, in Hackensack, Bayonne, and Englewood, New Jersey, as well as in Richmond Hill, Queens, and Flatlands, Brooklyn, the fireball would be about 100 times brighter than the sun, bright enough to cause first- and second-degree burns to those in line of sight. About 36 seconds after the fireball, the shockwave would arrive and knock out all the windows, along with many interior building walls and some doors.
No survivors. Within tens of minutes, everything within approximately five to seven miles of Midtown Manhattan would be engulfed by a gigantic firestorm. The fire zone would cover a total area of 90 to 152 square miles (230 to 389 square kilometers). The firestorm would rage for three to six hours. Air temperatures in the fire zone would likely average 400 to 500 degrees Fahrenheit (200 to 260 Celsius).
After the fire burned out, the street pavement would be so hot that even tracked vehicles could not pass over it for days. Buried, unburned material from collapsed buildings throughout the fire zone could burst into flames when exposed to air—months after the firestorm had ended.
Those who tried to escape through the streets would have been incinerated by the hurricane-force winds filled with firebrands and flames. Even those able to find shelter in the lower-level sub-basements of massive buildings would likely suffocate from fire-generated gases or be cooked alive as their shelters heated to oven-like conditions.
The fire would extinguish all life and destroy almost everything else. Tens of miles downwind of the area of immediate destruction, radioactive fallout would begin to arrive within a few hours of the detonation.
But that is another story.
Editor's note: This article is adapted from “City on Fire” by Lynn Eden, originally published in the January 2004 issue of the Bulletin of the Atomic Scientists.
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201601/2974/1155968404_4720735669001_video-still-for-video-4720667541001.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true “Donald Trump is not a conservative because he's extreme on abortion,” the new ad slamming the GOP front-runner begins. Cruz super PAC goes negative on Trump
The pro-Ted Cruz super PAC Keep the Promise I is going up on air Monday with a pair of ads skewering Donald Trump, the first negative television spots the deep-pocketed group has launched against the GOP's poll-leader to date.
The spots come as part of a $2.5 million television ad buy from Keep the Promise I, and land as Cruz and Trump are locked in a tight race in Iowa, with Trump appearing to edge Cruz in a number of recent polls. The ads will air in Iowa and South Carolina.
Story Continued Below
One spot, titled “Extreme,” bashes Trump over their record on abortion, in keeping with Cruz's message that Trump is a recent convert to the conservative cause, with a long previous history of liberal views.
“Donald Trump is not a conservative because he's extreme on abortion,” the ad begins.
It then cuts to an interview Trump gave in 1999, in which they said they would not ban partial birth abortion, and that they are “pro-choice in every respect,” a phrase the ad repeats three times.
“Donald Trump: for partial birth abortion. Not a conservative,” it concludes.
The other ad, called “I like Ted,” is a television version of a digital ad the group launched last week, featuring audio from Trump who gave a flattering introduction for Cruz in 2014 at a Lincoln Day fundraising dinner in Palm Beach, Fla., according to the spot.
“Now, one of the reasons I like Ted Cruz so much is that he's not controversial,” Trump says to laughs. “But the truth is, they shouldn't be controversial because what he's doing is right, it's common sense, it's good government, it's so many good things. He's now a very popular and important figure. So with that, I would like to introduce a very special guy, Sen. Ted Cruz.”
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
TAYLOR -- It's not quite the time of year for graduation, but a man in Lackawanna County finally got their high school diploma more than 70 years after they left school.
A World War II veteran received that diploma at their old high school in Taylor Tuesday night.
Clearly emotional, George Fricovsky can now add high school graduate to the list of their lifetime accomplishments. It's an achievement that's taken 72 years to become a reality.
The 90-year-old received their diploma at Riverside High School during Riverside's school board meeting.
Making matters even more emotional, giving George their diploma was Riverside's Vice Principal David Walsh, who happens to be George's grandson.
“To be an administrator of this school district where they went and be able to give them this is huge,” said Walsh.
George left the then-Taylor High their junior year in 1944 to fight in World War II.
Stationed in France, they were injured by a German hand grenade and was honorably discharged with a Purple Heart.
Back stateside, they joined the work force and raised a family.
“He's always talked about their one thing they wish they were able to do was to graduate high school,” said Walsh.
This was all a surprise for George, planned by their family. George only thought they were going to lead the Pledge of Allegiance at the start of the board meeting.
“I was really surprised, never expected this,” said George.
“We wanted to surprise them and David did a great job, so we're happy. We're happy they got it,” said George's daughter, Diane Nagy.
“It was great. I know my mom was watching down from heaven and she's definitely proud of him,” said George's daughter Karen Walsh. “He always felt unaccomplished growing up without the diploma, so now they have it.”
So now what are the big plans for graduation night?
“I'll see what they want to do,” said George. “Find out who's going to pay.”
Luckily, their family had some ideas.
“Yeah, they still like karaoke,” said Karen.
Edward Snowden, the man at the heart of the NSA information leaks, is nothing but a “traitor” — and America ought to recreate history in dealing with him, real estate mogul Donald Trump said on a “Fox & Friends” interview.
In other words, execute him, Mr. Trump implied.
“I think Snowden is a terrible threat, I think he's a terrible traitor, and you know what we used to do in the good old days when we were a strong country — you know what we used to do to traitors, right?” Trump said, Politico reported.
“Well, you killed them, Donald,” said fill-in host, Eric Bolling.
Mr. Trump's response: Well, they are damaging America.
“This guy is really doing damage to this country, and he's also making us look like dopes,” they said, Politico reported. “We can't allow this guy to go out there and give out all our secrets and also embarrass us at every level. We should get them back and get them back now.”
SEE ALSO: NSA leaker Edward Snowden abandons asylum try in Russia
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC. Click here for reprint permission.
“We still haven't recovered from Act 10,” Erickson, who was Wisconsin's 2014 High School Teacher of the Year, told me. “It's definitely changed things.”
Beginning with the elections of 2010, when a wave of Tea Party, anti-government candidates won statewide offices across the country, states have passed legislation to diminish the power of unions, and that's had a very real effect on middle-class Americans like the Ericksons. Wisconsin passed Act 10 in 2010, and Indiana and Michigan both became right-to-work states in 2012, meaning that unions can't require members pay dues as a condition of employment. Wisconsin also became a right-to-work state in 2015.
Now, after another big GOP victory in November, unions will likely face more challenges at the state and national levels. Lawmakers in Missouri, which replaced its Democratic governor with a Republican one, have already said they plan to pass a right-to-work law in the state in the new year. And Congress may consider a national right-to-work law as well, said Gary Chaison, a professor of industrial relations at Clark University. Republicans will also control the National Labor Relations Board, which oversees worker-employer disputes, and Trump could reverse Obama's executive orders, including those which required federal contractors to provide workers with paid sick leave. Chaison says they expect these developments to further erode the economic security of many middle-class workers. “The middle class is going to find it has no voice in determining their wages and working conditions,” they said.
That's already the case for many public employees in Wisconsin. In fact, in many ways, Wisconsin is a sobering preview for what may happen in the rest of the country. Data suggests that Erickson is by no means unique. Total teacher compensation in Wisconsin has dropped 8 percent, or $6,500 since Act 10, according to an extensive study by Andrew Litten, a Ph.D. candidate at the University of Michigan who used state data showing compensation of all teachers in the state of Wisconsin. What's more, they found that the most experienced and highest-paid teachers experienced the biggest reduction in benefits. Litten's research confirms what labor advocates have said for decades: A lack of bargaining power can have a profound effect on what workers receive from their employers.
This, of course, is not something special about Wisconsin. “While Wisconsin is one of the most dramatic examples of a renewed regulatory focus on public sector unions, it should be considered an important part of an ongoing trend, rather than a one-off event,” Litten wrote, in the paper.
Act 10 had a number of specific provisions that eroded public-employee compensation and benefits in Wisconsin. It required that public employees pay at least six percent of their wages towards pensions, and stipulated that they pay half the costs of their pensions. Many employees, like Erickson, had not had to contribute at all to health-care costs previously, so the law meant a 12-percent pay cut. It also limited contracts to one year, and stipulated that employees and employers could only bargain over cost-of-living salary increases, and not over benefits at all. After Act 10, if districts wanted to raise teacher pay above cost-of-living increases, they would have to hold a referendum to do so, and there was really no way for teachers to achieve better benefits.
Ahead of the 19th National Congress on October 18, the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) has decided to shut down a number of Chinese television news and entertainment programs. The ban includes the popular program Qiang Qiang San Ren Xing, which has been broadcasted for the past 19 years with hundreds of thousands of loyal fans. Its sudden shutdown led to a big wave of criticism at home and abroad.
Qiang Qiang San Ren Xing is a Chinese talk show broadcasted both on air and online every weekday. The show focuses on the latest news developments with the host “never crossing the red line in China's censored political climate,” as one analyst said. The show announced on its Weibo account on September 12 that it will “temporarily” go off air stating that “the company is adjusting the programs.” The statement did not indicate when and if the program will come back on the air.
The announcement immediately triggered hundreds of questions and comments. Weibo soon deleted all contents related to the show including the statement itself. Now, if anyone searches “Qiang Qiang San Ren Xing” on Weibo, they will find the notice that “according to the relevant laws, regulations and policies, the search results have not been displayed,” a notification that indicates that the program has been censored by Chinese authorities.
In addition to the famous talk show, two less well-known shows produced by the same media company have also been shut down. Furthermore, multiple TV stations have removed their high-rated and most-watched entertainment shows at prime time without any notice.
The collective shutdown can be traced back to a July announcement by China's main media censor, the State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film, and Television (SARFT) that it would selectively ban entertainment shows in order to “better welcome the major propaganda period of the 19th Party Congress” and “uphold a strong and comprehensive political view.” SARFT requires all TV stations to broadcast propaganda during primetime in the run up to the congress, including anti-Japanese war films and other movies intended to reinforce the patriotic education of Chinese citizens.
Ladies and Gentlemen, what might possibly be the most ambitious project in the Zootopia fandom is finally making its debut!
We've been covering the Return to Zootopia project since June 2016, and I'll be honest, while I was hoping it would come to fruition, I've seen too many ambitious projects come and go on the internet without anything to show for their efforts. However, as they released updates over the past year, Browntable Entertainment has done a great job of proving their professionalism! And now, their hard work is starting to pay off!
Episode 0: Previously On Zootopia, is now here for our viewing pleasure! It's basically a quick recap of the movie I'm sure we've all got at least partially memorized at this point, but it does a wonderful job demonstrating the sort of thing we can expect when Return to Zootopia releases episode 1 and beyond. The voice acting, starring CreativeMultitasker as Judy Hopps and Mauricio Velazco as Nick Wilde, is absolutely superb. The artwork, also by Mauricio Velazco, is equally fantastic. Overall, I cannot WAIT until Episode 1 releases.
Well, what are you waiting for? Watch it after the break, and subscribe to Browntable Entertainment for any future updates!
A BMW driver is accusing the company of overselling the performance capabilities of one of its electric vehicles, then changing its online advertising after the car failed to measure up.
Ronen Kleiman says they noticed immediately that the electric vehicle they leased in 2014 wasn't living up to what the carmaker was advertising on its website — it couldn't travel the distance BMW said it could on a single battery charge.
That distance is an electric car's equivalent to gas mileage, but more critical because it limits how far you can travel before having to recharge.
BMW's marketing material claimed up to 200 kilometres, but Kleiman says it was much less.
"They're trying to sweep it under the rug. It was clearly false advertising," Kleiman says.
Been wronged? Contact Rosa and the Go Public team
The Toronto father of two wanted a reliable family car that was also good for the environment.
Kleiman met with Go Public host Rosa Marchitelli in Toronto. (CBC)
They did a lot of research before locking onto an $970/month, four-year lease for a new 2014 BMW i3 — an all-electric vehicle, the first model of its kind for automaker.
"It was the first fully electric car, kind of lower, more affordable price range... This car, as advertised, filled all the needs that I required of the vehicle," Kleiman says.
"But right away I knew something was wrong."
BMW alters ad
They call what happened next their "aha" moment.
Kleiman went back to the BMW website to recheck how far the company claimed the car could travel on one charge and found the marketing material had changed.
"At first I was questioning what I saw, because BMW didn't make any mention of changing anything. I knew I had read that the car went up to 200 kilometres [per battery charge]," they say.
Kleiman's 2014 BMW i3 can be charged in their home garage. (CBC)
Internet archives show that 11 months after Keilman committed to leasing the car, the company altered its online marketing material, reducing its claim of the distance the car could travel on one charge from a maximum of 200 kilometres to 160 kilometres, a 20 per cent decrease.
There was no indication on the BMW website that the driving range had been lowered.
By that time, the luxury carmaker was selling both a 2014 and a 2015 version of the i3 and the website ad didn't differentiate between the two. However, the vehicles are almost identical and have the same battery.
Kleiman was offered $5,000 toward a new BMW i3, but turned it down. (CBC)
BMW Canada didn't respond to specific questions from Go Public about why it changed its online advertising material after marketing the car, and why it didn't notify people already driving the i3.
The company says the battery range differs according to driver behaviour.
"Battery-electric vehicles can be significantly impacted by driver behaviour, the vehicle's external environment, and the consumption of on-board features," Barb Pitblado from BMW Group Canada wrote in an email to Go Public.
BMW has refused to say where it had its original driving range tests done for the 2014 i3. (CBC)
There is a disclaimer on the BMW Canada website under the battery range numbers, "depending on individual driving behaviour, determined in internal BMW consumption studies."
The website doesn't specify where those studies were done.
European testing more lax
That's important information, according to John Voelcker, editor-in-chief of Green Car Reports, who has been reporting on the electric vehicle market for more than six years.
"My suspicion is that 200 kilometres that was in the initial BMW marketing was actually taken directly from European tests, not from the North American test results," they say.
'At this point I want to get my money back and I want to give the car back,' Kleiman says. (CBC)
Voelcker has no direct knowledge of what happened with the 2014 BMW i3, but they note the model was first tested and released in Europe, where testing standards in general can be more lax than in North America.
They say manufacturers must test vehicles in all the markets in which they will be sold. North American testing standards are more stringent and get more realistic results, they say.
Deputy commissioner Josephine Palumbo says companies should clearly alert customers to mistakes in advertising. (CBC)
On its website, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency states the battery range for the 2014 i3 is 81 miles (130 km) — lower than what BMW indicated when Kleiman leased their vehicle.
Natural Resources Canada does not do its own tests on cars, instead relying on manufacturers to do trials and disclose the results.
The tests BMW filed in Canada in December 2014 for the 2015 model also show a shorter range.
'Clear and accurate' ads
Canada's Competition Bureau investigates claims of false advertising. It won't say if it is investigating BMW. In general, it expects automakers to respond to issues with their advertising.
"Important information should never be buried in fine print or disclaimers," says Josephine Palumbo, who is the deputy commissioner of deceptive marketing practices division at the bureau.
Kleiman has been having issues with the range of their 2014 BMW i3 since they bought it. (CBC)
All carmakers have an obligation to ensure ads are "clear and accurate at all times," they say, so Canadian consumers aren't misled. If there is a question about accuracy, they say it's up to businesses to make things right.
"We encourage businesses who become aware of potential violations to immediately stop the representations, to take proactive corrective measures, to issue corrective notices and to offer restitution to Canadian consumers that have been affected," Palumbo says.
'Stonewalled me'
Kleiman tried for years to get an explanation and compensation from BMW Canada.
"For two years they've been pushing me to the side, not acknowledging this is an issue," Kleiman says.
BMW Canada offered Kleiman $5,000 toward the purchase of a new BMW, saying there was "nothing mechanically wrong with the car" and the offer was a "goodwill gesture."
They declined, saying they aren't interested in another BMW.
"I've been reasonable at every turn for them to correct this issue and they refused and they just basically stonewalled me," Kleiman says. "At this point I want to get my money back and I want to give the car back."
The 2017 model of the i3 does travel up to 200 kilometres on one battery charge. Kleiman asked for the company to give them an upgraded battery, since it would fit in their 2014, but it hasn't done so.
A BMW driver accuses the company of overselling the range per charge of one of its electric vehicles, then changing online advertising after the car failed to measure up 2:37
More than 30,000 plug-in electric vehicles are on Canadian roads. A record number — almost 11,000 — were sold across the country last year, according to data compiled by Canadian industry watcher Matthew Klippenstein.
Jan 29 2014 10:36AM GMT
This week Apple released its quarterly numbers and by all rights they were downright impressive, but why then did Wall Street punish them the day after the release? It seems no sales record is big enough when it comes to Apple.
Apple sold 51 million iPhones for the quarter. This was a record, beating last year's 47.8 million by a hefty margin. As for iPads, they also broke record with 26 million sales compared to 22.9 million last year. Finally Macs, beat last year too. It wasn't a record, but Apple sold 4.8 million Macs, compared to 4.1 million last year.
All sounds pretty damn impressive so far doesn't it?
Let's compare that to Nokia Lumias, which according to CNet sold 8.2 million phones last quarter. If they did that every quarter they still reach only around 32 million phones, far short of the 51 million iPhones sold last quarter alone!
Oh I hear you saying comparing it to the Windows phone isn't a fair comparison. How about the Samsung Galaxy S4, which is one of the most popular Android phones in the world? According to multiple reports, it sold 40 million in 6 months, that's two quarters. Again, to put this into perspective, Apple sold 51 million phones in one 3-month period.
No other phone manufacturer can come close to these numbers. Apple is in a league of its own when it comes to mobile device sales. Android may own overall worldwide marketshare, but no single vendor comes close to moving this level of product –and what's really remarkable to me is not only the numbers themselves, but that they have been able to sustain this year after year against increasingly stiff competition.
So how did Wall Street react to this information? As expected they reacted poorly because no number is big enough. Prior to the opening yesterday, Apple was down 7.2 percent. And while it's recovering a bit as of this writing, it's still a negative reaction.
Perhaps it's because Wall Street looks at the bottom line, but that too doesn't have the answer because in terms of revenue, Apple had a record quarter with an astonishing $57.6 billion up from $54.5 billion a year ago. But in spite of $3.1 *billion* increase in revenue, their profits remained flat at $13.1 billion, perhaps because gross margins dropped from 38.6 percent to 37.9 percent.
I don't claim to be any type of expert when it comes to interpreting Wall Street reactions, but this seems less than rational to me. We have a company that continues to grow its market in spite of fierce competition from all ends of the market, that continues increase its sales beating higher and higher thresholds, and even as the market clearly begins to commoditize and making money on hardware becomes an ever-growing challenge, Apple still manages to do it.
It might not have increased profits, but it held steady in a changing market and it sold more product in a quarter than most manufacturers sell in 18 months or two years. But when you have prolonged success, I guess “The Street” is always looking for more, more, more –and no matter how well you do, it's never good enough when an impossible standard has been set.
Photo Credit: Courtesy of Apple
Personnel evaluators would not rank Levi Brown or Jeremy Bridges among the NFL's dominant tackles.
Brown and Bridges were the only experienced ones for the Arizona Cardinals, however. Now, both will enter the 2012 season on injured reserve.
Brown will miss the entire season. Bridges' situation remains a bit murkier. As Darren Urban noted, the veteran swing tackle tweeted Sunday that they were heading to injured reserve after suffering a torn thumb ligament requiring surgery.
New rules allow teams to designate one injured player for a return after Week 8. I would expect Arizona to save that designation for a more valuable player. As much as the Cardinals couldn't afford another injury at tackle, the drop from Bridges to a veteran free agent might not be severe enough to warrant waiting out this injury. It's also possible Bridges will need a full season to recover.
Bridges, 32, owns 55 regular-season starts. They brought a nasty edge to the line, the type coaches value. Bridges' finest moment in Arizona came when they stepped into the lineup against Minnesota during the 2009 season and battled evenly against Vikings defensive end Jared Allen. The Cardinals allowed zero sacks in that game. It was the first time Bridges ever started at left tackle.
Once a torn triceps felled Brown, the Cardinals appeared likely to enter this season with D'Anthony Batiste at left tackle and rookie Bobby Massie on the right side. Bridges was there as insurance for both spots. Without him, rookie seventh-round choice Nate Potter becomes the only pure tackle among the Cardinals' backups.
Batiste owns four career starts and none since 2007.
I'm glad you spoke up here.
People that are abstract from the world of actual practicing Christians forget that "Religion" is the business not the people. I've been a Bible believing Christian all my life. I was raised in the Southern Baptist style churches. I have NEVER been in a church that acts and treats people (or whose congregation does) the way it's described by the rest of the world at large, especially on sites like this.
My grandparents were the strictest Christians you can imagine and they were amazing people. (For reference, my grandparents raised me.). My time in churches and around church going, practicing, Christians has taught me a lot of things about how to love people and how to accept people for all their good and bad. The Southern Baptist churches I grew up in accepted ANYONE! Even back in the 80's we had a gay couple that attended church every Sunday and no one there batted an eye. They were treated the same as everyone else. We had one husband and wife there that had already raised their own 2 kids and when their oldest moved out, they adopted 2 more. A couple of years later realizing they had the time and willpower as well as money to adopt more, they adopted 2 more children. The last I heard they had raised 9 adopted children to adulthood in their home.
We had ridiculously active missions at all times. Spent tons of time helping the homeless and the less fortunate. My grandfather would regularly house absolute strangers in our home, sometimes for months, and help them get jobs and get back on their feet. We would be driving down the road and they would see a homeless guy that they had seen walking in the area several times and they would literally just pull the car over and pick them up. Talk to them for a while and sometimes depending on what they were trying to do, they would end up at our house eating dinner with us and sometimes staying for a while. They would let them work on our farm for a bit until they were able to get a job. They got burned a few times doing this. Sometimes they would steal a bunch of stuff out of the house and disappear in the middle of the night but my grandpa didn't let that stop him.
The money we tithed and donated at church was spent on overseas missions that resulted in things like building houses for an entire village. We had a lot of old world craftsman in our church back in those days and they would go and build houses and facilities in other countries sometimes staying with those people for months to accomplish it. That's just one example.
The Church isn't the culprit in most of these stories. The culprit is the same as it is in any other evil avenue in this world. Greed and money that can be gained by exploiting religion as an industry.
Sigmund Freud, father of modern psychiatry and psycho-analysis (from http://www.wikipedia.com)
Sigmund Freud is to psychiatry, what Newton is to physics or what Darwin is to biology. Freud was a doctor of medicine and is considered the founding father of psychoanalysis and modern psychiatry. They were born in 1856 and died in 1939 so their life overlapped quite a bit with HPL (1890 – 1937). Unlike Newton and Darwin who both died before HPL was born, but similar to Einstein, HPL was more critical of Freud's ideas. However, like many new and emerging scientific ideas of their time, HPL does appear to keep a somewhat open mind in the consideration of some of these ideas. It is interesting that HPL appeared to be more critical of living scientists in their time and their newly developed hypotheses and theories (i.e. Freud and Einstein) than scientists who were dead. More than likely this was the “scientist” in HPL, keeping an open, yet objectively critical, mind when presented with new ideas. Obviously the hypotheses of Freud and Einstein did not have a large amount of empirical data to support them and it was not until these hypotheses could be tested that HPL (as well as the scientific communities in general) could begin to find some validity associated with them.
What is interesting is that HPL cites Freud's work in some of their early fiction but not in their later work. For example, Freud is mentioned in both “Beyond the Walls of Sleep” and in “From Beyond” but not in their later work. However, Freud's ideas are briefly mentioned in some of their revision work such as “The Electric Executioner” (co-written with Adolphe de Castro) and “The Trap” (co-written with Henry S. Whitehead).
Such references of Freud in HPL's early work and its general absence in their later work make complete sense. Many of their early stories are included in their “Dream Cycle” and dreams were an important component of Freud's psychoanalysis. Later stories focus and emphasize humanity's insignificance in the Universe and Cosmos at large. Thus, if the entire species of Homo sapiens is insignificant, how significant can the mental health of an individual human be? Yet, in spite of this, eroding mental health and insanity is an important and sometime inevitable outcome of being exposed to outer cosmic or inter-dimensional beings. However, is the insanity due to the individual being exposed to these “things from outside” or are they society's response to an individual trying to reveal the truth of reality (lock them up and drug them)? More than likely it's a combination of both.
Lovecraft's Dreams and Nightmares (art by Michal Oracz; moraczart.blogspot.com)
The first time HPL mentions Freud in their stories is in fact in “Beyond the Wall of Sleep.” To discuss this reference I think it best to include the first paragraph of that story in its entirety.
“I have often wondered if the majority of humankind ever pause to reflect upon the occasional titanic significance of dreams, and of the obscure world to which they belong. Whilst the greater number of our nocturnal visions are perhaps no more than faint and fantastic reflections of our waking experiences – Freud to the contrary with their puerile symbolism – there are still a certain remainder whose immundane and ethereal character permit of no ordinary interpretation, and whose vaguely exciting and disquieting effect suggests possible minute glimpses into a sphere of mental existence no less important than physical life, yet separated from that life by an all but impassable barrier.”
– From H.P. Lovecraft's “Beyond the Wall of Sleep”
In this quote HPL seems very dismissive of Freud and as S.T. Joshi cites in their annotated notes to the story in H.P. Lovecraft: The Thing on the Doorstep and Other Weird Stories (Penguin Classics 2001), HPL added the clause that refers to Freud in a later version of the story. As Joshi also notes HPL's phase “puerile symbolism” probably refers to Freud's emphasis on the sexual nature of many of their dream-imagery interpretations, something HPL would find difficult to comprehend (Joshi, 2001).
However, HPL did not have a one-sided, simplified view of Freud. In I Am Providence: The Life and Times of H.P. Lovecraft (S.T. Joshi, 2013), HPL thought that Freud's work of psycho-analysis would prove an end to idealistic thought in humanity's march toward scientific objectivity. In another passage HPL noted that while they feel many of Freud's ideas were erroneous, they “nevertheless opened up a new path in psychology, devising a system whose doctrines more nearly approximate the real workings of the mind than any heretofore entertained. We may not like to accept Freud, but I fear we shall have to do so” (Joshi, 2013). I think this last sentence says quite a bit about what HPL thought of Freud and the advancements they made in the field of psychology. Next time we will talk about Joe Slater and their journeys beyond the walls of sleep. Thank you – Fred.
Advertisements
WASHINGTON ― Michael Flynn, President Donald Trump's former national security adviser, vetoed a plan to attack the so-called Islamic State's capital of Raqqa in Syria in January ― a position that aligned with the desires of Turkey, which had paid them $530,000 to represent its interests, McClatchy reported Wednesday night.
But Flynn, a retired general, hadn't always backed the views of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's regime, as HuffPost first reported last year. Quite the opposite: Last July, Flynn praised a coup attempt against Erdoğan, criticizing the Turkish leader for being too close to President Barack Obama and calling the coup “worth clapping for.”
Flynn shifted to supporting Erdoğan only after a Dutch company headed by a man with ties to Erdoğan's government hired their intelligence firm in early August. By November, Flynn had flip-flopped entirely. “We need to see the world from Turkey's perspective,” they wrote in an opinion piece published on Election Day. “We must begin with understanding that Turkey is vital to U.S. interests. Turkey is really our strongest ally against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS), as well as a source of stability in the region.”
Wednesday's McClatchy report adds a dimension to this flip-flop. Flynn had demagogued for years about the supposed dangers of Muslims and Islam. “Fear of Muslims is RATIONAL,” they tweeted in February. “Islam is not a real religion, but a political ideology masked behind a religion,” they claimed.
ISIS received special attention in Flynn's harangues. They told The New Yorker in February that Obama had “too narrowly defined” efforts to defeat the group and called for “fighting these guys on the battlefield.”
But when the Obama administration asked the Trump administration in mid-January to approve a plan ― fiercely opposed by Turkey ― to arm Syrian Kurds to retake Raqqa from ISIS, Flynn, who was being paid by Turkey, balked.
“Don't approve it,” Flynn said, according to a February report in The Washington Post cited by McClatchy. (Turkey opposes arming the Syrian Kurdish militia, known as the YPG, because it believes the YPG has ties to the PKK, an organization of Kurdish fighters in Turkey that both Turkey and the U.S. have listed as a terrorist group.)
The Trump administration knew at the time ― and, indeed, before Trump appointed Flynn ― that the FBI was investigating them for secretly serving as a paid agent of Turkey while campaigning for Trump, The New York Times reported Wednesday night.
But Trump listened to the paid Turkish agent who was also serving as their national security adviser anyway, and the operation against the ISIS capital was delayed for months. The president continued to allow Flynn to sit in on national security briefings, as they had throughout the last months of the campaign and through the transition ― all times during which they were being paid by Turkey.
Attempts to contact Flynn for comment were unsuccessful, but associates of theirs told the Times they believe the investigation into them is part of a political effort by the Obama administration to keep them out of the White House.
The Trump administration protected Flynn despite repeated warnings from people inside and outside the government that they were compromised. Acting Attorney General Sally Yates told the White House a week after the inauguration that Flynn “could essentially be blackmailed by the Russians” after misleading Vice President Mike Pence about meetings they had with the Russian ambassador, they testified to a Senate subcommittee earlier this month. It took Trump 18 more days to fire Flynn.
Trump fired Flynn on Feb. 13, several weeks after the Raqqa recommendation. They then pressured FBI Director James Comey the next day to close the investigation into Flynn, according to Comey's notes, the Times reported Tuesday.
Comey did not.
For ages there has been speculation, scholarly and otherwise, about the place of prostitution in the Bible. The world's oldest profession shows up in both the Old and New Testaments, and enough ambiguity surrounds its treatment that many see the issue as more complicated than the way Christian churches describe it today.
One of these questioners is Chester Brown, a veteran cartoonist who has used scholarly research to come up with “Mary Wept Over the Feet of Jesus: Prostitution and religious obedience in the Bible.” The book, published by Drawn & Quarterly, it not a work of scholarship, but an interpretation, both serious and funny. It includes stories about Ruth, Bathsheba, Tamar, Job, and, of course, Mary of Bethany. Brown doesn't tell these stories to demean the women involved: they advocate for the legalization of sex work and respect for its practitioners. (He describes the roots of their thinking at length in notes for the book.) “Mary Wept” is in some ways an extension of Brown's last book, “Paying For it,” about their many adventures as a john.
Advertisement:
We spoke to Brown – whom Jonathan Lethem has called “one of our greatest cartoonists ever” – from their home in Toronto. The interview has been lightly edited for clarity.
Where did you first get a sense of prostitution in the Bible and how widespread it was?
It's no secret -- there are quite a few Biblical characters who are prostitutes. The significant thing for me was when I first had that sense that perhaps the Virgin Mary was a prostitute. The book that prompted that thinking was called “The Illegitimacy of Jesus,” by a Biblical scholar named Jane Schaberg. Them theory was that Mary – the mother of Jesus – was a rape victim, and they pointed to the existence of these women in the genealogy for Jesus in the Gospel of Matthew – the odd fact that Tamar, Rahab, Bathsheba and Ruth are all mentioned in there even though women are nearly never mentioned in ancient genealogies. There are several other women who could have been mentioned, but Matthew, or whoever wrote that gospel, seemed to be focusing on women who were involved in some kind of sexual impropriety. And that indicated to me, once I rethought the theory, not that Mary had been raped, but that they had been involved in some sexual impropriety.
Since at least two of those women, Rahab and Tamar, had been prostitutes, I think that's what Matthew is saying – that the Virgin Mary was actually a prostitute. That's what got me thinking in a different way about prostitution in the Bible.
How is prostitution typically depicted in the Bible? In a disapproving and moralistic way?
It's disapproved of in a sense that we get the sense that women aren't supposed to engage in it. But men who pay for sex are not necessarily disapproved of. I have the story of Judah and Tamar in there, and you don't really get a sense that Judah is doing anything wrong.
Advertisement:
There's a later story involving the famous strong man Sampson, who visits a prostitute, and you don't get a sense that he's breaking the rules here and should be punished. I don't recall a Biblical law against paying for sex. But it's not like prostitution is viewed as a good thing. It's frowned upon in the Bible.
How long have you been interested in the Bible and ancient civilizations?
I guess I've always had a general interest in history. I grew up in a Christian household. In my early 20s, I started to have my doubts, and wasn't going to church regularly. And then I met a young woman who was interested in me romantically.
And early on they told me they were a Christian, and asked me if I was a Christian too, and I said, “Oh yes, of course I'm a Christian.” But despite growing up in a go-to-church-every-Sunday-family, I didn't have much sense of what it meant. So I decided to read a few books on the subject. I read one book of Biblical scholarship, and found myself completely fascinated… And that fascination really has never waned…
Advertisement:
Your previous book, “Paying for It,” is also about sex work and your own relationship to it. Can you describe the book a little bit for people who've not read it?
In the late ‘90s, when I would have been in my late 30s, I was involved with another woman, and they broke up with me, and I decided, “I don't think I like being in boyfriend-girlfriend relationships. I don't think I want to look for another girlfriend.” But of course I still wanted sex. So I decided to start paying for it. That started in the late ‘90s and continues until today. I still pay for sex on a regular basis, Although in 2003 I met a particular sex worker and started seeing them regularly. I guess it's been 13 years now, I'm actually going to seeing them tonight.
I'm very happy paying for sex. I don't know: I seem to like this better than being in romantic relationships.
Advertisement:
How do you want people to come away from your latest book? Do you want them to look back at the history of sex work in a different way?
Mostly, the book is Biblical interpretation, and I'm pushing certain ideas. My contention is that Jesus had a different relationship with prostitution than we think they did. I think their mother was a prostitute, and I think they had women around them who were also prostitutes. And that there was some sort of religious association there, involved with religious prostitution and goddess worship and that sort of thing. So yeah, I guess I'm trying to stimulate a debate about the subject and get people thinking that it was perhaps a possibility.
Have you discussed your ideas with mainstream Christians and gotten a sense of how it strikes them? Have people gotten angry as you've talked about it?
Advertisement:
I've really only talked about it with friends of mine, and most of my friends are not that religious. I do have one very good friend who is a Christian, who is obsessed with the subject, as I am too… When I told them about the idea of the book, they were very offended, which is not surprising. When I was done the book, before it was published, I gave it to her… They were very offended, and found it blasphemous. But for some reason we're still friends anyway.
That was an extreme reaction, but I would expect that from a lot of Christians. A lot of Christians are not gonna be happy with this book.
They operate in stealth, planting fruit trees on public property in the hopes of escaping official notice until the trees are too big to chop down.
“Guerrilla” tree-planters say they're so frustrated by school and city bureaucracies that require months of planning and approvals they've had to resort to greening up the Forest City in secret.
And they're attracting ire from officials, including at Western University, where five trees planted this month have been removed. They'll be re-planted this week elsewhere on public property, likely at schools that likewise have cumbersome approvals processes, said guerrilla planter Teresa Rutten.
“To me, guerrilla planting is doing what is right, regardless of whether there's official permission,” they said.
Most guerilla planting is done in daylight by people who look like they're supposed to be there. Them group plants fruit and nut trees so Londoners can enjoy free local food sources.
Them group of fewer than 10 has planted 56 trees, eight shrubs and four vines.
 They are part of a local group called Food Not Lawns, and they also have sought, unsuccessfully, to plant trees at community gardens so Londoners can have access to fresh apples, pears and nuts.
It's ironic, they said, that a community working toward a local food policy, ecological education and that is challenging citizens to plant one million trees puts up roadblocks.
Western sees it differently. Beverley Ayani said the school has strategic planting guidelines. It also has committed to planting 750 trees in the next decade.
In mid-October, the Food Not Lawns group sought Western's permission to plant but was asked to wait for the right time and approved locations, they said. When the trees went in the ground on Middlesex College hill anyhow — where a beech tree had been planned — the school was “caught off-guard.”
Andrew MacPherson, of the city's parks and planning division, said the group has good intentions but there are plenty of opportunities for Londoners to plant trees through city processes.
Rutten said they and their group will continue their work. “This has really been an uncomfortable process for me. I don't like not going through the proper process, but I have done it because it is the right thing to do.”
Mayor Joni Baechler admitted to mixed feelings about the activity, saying the city should make it easier for people wanting to plant. But, they said, people who plant on public property don't know if the city plans a soccer field there or another amenity. “The (city's) forestry division requires the right tree in the right place at the right time.”
Meanwhile, the person who planted the trees at Western, and who wanted to remain anonymous, is disappointed. Food trees build an extra layer of resilience in case of tough times, they said.
When bureaucracies impede good deeds, they're not doing anyone a favour. “Educational institutions should be aware of how important it is to grow food trees in general,” they said.
deb.vanbrenk@sunmedia.ca
Let me say that I never wanted to try a bubblegum flavor in a vape. In my brain it just sounds terrible. And then a friend sent me this juice and it has menthol. Just sounds weird. However, it is surprisingly good! I would not have thought bubblegum and menthol would be good together.
The bubblegum flavor in this is like those individually wrapped pink bubblegums you would get for like a penny each, or they were put in your halloween baskets. This tastes exactly like those, sweet and bubblegummy with a moderate does of menthol. It's quite cooling and not light, so if you don't like menthol, you would not like the intensity here. I love menthol and this one has an enjoyable amount for me.
Nothing much ledt to say, it's pink bubblegum with menthol...and it's pretty darn tasty,
Reviewed using: Mutation X v3, dual claptons, .3ohms, 75W
BTC-E's Role in Mt. Gox Hack: Laundered $4 Billion Proceeds of Bitcoin Theft
WizSecurity's report which revealed BTC-E's long lasting involvement in the Mt. Gox hack came as a shock to the Bitcoin community and industry. The unsettled case of Mt. Gox is finally set to come to an end and BTC-E is at the epicenter of a series of thefts that led to the loss of billions of dollars worth of bitcoin for Mt. Gox and Bitcoinica users.
WizSec Reveals BTC-E Laundered $2.21 Billion of Mt. Gox Funds
WizSecurity, a group of Bitcoin specialists based in Japan, have been collaborating with law enforcement agencies and authorities, leading covert investigations over the past few years. Security researchers at WizSec essentially reversed engineered transactions initiated with the stolen Mt. Gox funds and after years of research, the group established a connection between the stolen Mt. Gox coins and the online identity WME.
Hackers, that collaborated with BTC-E and its owner Alexander Vinnik, simply stole the wallet.dat file stored in the centralized databases of Mt. Gox and gained access to nearly 630,000 bitcoin. The wallet.dat file was stolen in September 2011 and the hackers moved the coins from Mt. Gox to BTC-E owner Vinnik's personal wallet in mid-2013.
“After the coins entered Vinnik's wallets, most were moved to BTC-e and presumably sold off or laundered. In total some 300,000 BTC ended up on BTC-e, while other coins were deposited to other exchanges, including MtGox itself. Some of the funds moved to BTC-e seem to have moved straight to internal storage rather than customer deposit addresses, hinting at a relationship between Vinnik and BTC-e,” wrote the WizSecurity team.
Tracking down the identity of WME was key and the WizSecurity team actively investigated into BTC-E's connection with the online identity. In the past, BTC-E vouched for WME when offering bitcoin mixing services, which have been popular amongst bitcoin users that wanted to anonymize their transactions for privacy purposes.
At the later stage of the investigation, WizSecurity researchers were able to link the online identity WME to Vinnik and also discovered that Vinnik laundered bitcoin or user funds stolen from Bitcoinica and Bitfloor.
“Moving coins back onto MtGox was what let us identify Vinnik, as the MtGox accounts they used could be linked to their online identity “WME.” As WME, Vinnik had previously made a public outcry that coins had been confiscated from him,” read the paper of WizSecurity.
Potentially Billions More Laundered, Massive Bitcoinica Hack
Some of the bitcoin's most influential figures including Roger Ver lost large amounts of bitcoin in the Bitcoinica hack. In early 2012, when the Bitcoin industry and exchange market were significantly less mature, Bitcoinica was the largest bitcoin brokerage and trading platform that enabled users to trade US dollars for the cryptocurrency.
In March 2011, Bitcoinica revealed that it had lost more than 43 bitcoin in an attack conducted by an undisclosed group of hackers, which is worth over $111 million at the time of writing. Immediately after the security breach, bitcoin investors and traders filed lawsuit against Bitcoinica for the stolen cryptocurrency.
“In a public announcement following said breaches, Bitcoinica assured its users, among other things, that: the overwhelming majority of its Bitcoin deposits were not stolen; monies were stolen from Bitcoinica, not from its users; and that all withdrawal requests would continue to be honored,” the complaint submitted in 2012 read.
The crackdown of BTC-E owner Vinnik and their involvement in Mt. Gox, Bitcoinica and Bitfloor will likely lead to the closure of other massive bitcoin hacking attacks that had occurred in the past. Vinnik was arrested July 25 in Greece, where Greek authorities described them as an ‘internationally sought mastermind of a criminal organization.' Vinnik's arrest will also lead to the end of the investigation into Mark Karpeles, the former CEO of the now-defunct bitcoin exchange Mt. Gox, who recently plead not guilty in a trial in Japan.
Future Precedent of Bitcoin Laundering and Mixing Service Providers
In an official announcement released on July 23, the development team behind BitMixer, arguably the most popular bitcoin mixing service provider in the market, announced that it will terminate BitMixer for the good of the industry.
“Now I grasped that Bitcoin is transparent non-anonymous system by design. Blockchain is a great open book. I believe that Bitcoin will have a great future without dark market transactions. You may use Dash or Zerocoin if you want to buy some weed. Not Bitcoin. I hope our decision will help to make Bitcoin ecosystem more clean and transparent,” said the BitMixer team.
Some analysts praised the decision of BitMixer for shutting the platform on their own terms, rather than running into conflict with law enforcement agencies. BTC-E owner Vinnik was officially charged for laundering over $4 billion with a bitcoin transaction mixing tool they developed.
When I meet William Johnson in their downtown Los Angeles law offices, he's unfailingly polite.
But the picture changes when you ask Johnson about their views on politics and race.
“Yes, I am a white nationalist,” Johnson says. “I support the interests of the White Western European peoples.”
Johnson is one of the best-known white supremacists in the US and the chairperson of a political organization called the American Freedom Party. Its roots go back to Southern California's Nazi skinhead movement of the 1980s — and it advocates for the separation of the races and an end to all immigration, both illegal and legal.
“We have in Europe, and every traditionally white country, a dramatic shift in that the founding population is being replaced by immigrants, refugees, other peoples, so, really, the white race is in peril worldwide. I want a separate white ethno-state, but I want to keep Western civilization alive.”
Although the American Freedom Party is fielding its own candidate for the presidency, most of its members, including Johnson, are supporting the campaign of Donald Trump.
“Donald Trump is the closest candidate to our position that is mainstream,” Johnson says.
When I ask Johnson what they like about Trump's positions, they respond that "it is primarily the race issue."
"He is saying we need to build a wall. We need stop Muslims from coming in.  They are saying things that are good from the perspective of trying to maintain the integrity of the founding stock of this nation."
While the American Freedom Party is operating without the support or blessing of the Trump campaign, Johnson and their allies have organized in a very politically conventional way.
"We've set up a separate white nationalist super PAC called the American National Super PAC," Johnon says.
The super PAC is bankrolling robocalls to voters in states holding primaries and caucuses.
This is part of one message that greets voters:
The American National Super Pac makes this call to support Donald Trump….The white race is dying out and America because we are afraid to be called racist….Donald Trump is not a racist, but Donald Trump is not afraid. Don't vote for a Cuban. Vote for Donald Trump.
Experts who study hate groups in the US say the American Freedom Party's support for Trump is just one example of a wide and enthusiastic embrace of the controversial candidate by white nationalists.
"There are people on the far racist right who describe Donald Trump as our 'glorious leader.' They actually seem to think they are Hitler without the mustache and slightly dressed up in American clothing," says Mark Potok, a senior fellow at the Southern Poverty Law Center, which monitors hate and white nationalist groups in the US, including the American Freedom Party.
Potok says although the American Freedom Party is virtually invisible to the political mainstream, it is well known on the ideological fringe and rejects the usual trappings of traditional racist groups, giving weight to its support for Trump.
"The American Freedom Party is arguably the most important white nationalist party in the United States," Potok says. "By white nationalists, I mean groups that don't dress up in Nazi uniforms, don't dress up in Klan hoods, wear the veneer of intellectual sophistication. Don't use ugly epithets. That said, the American Freedom Party is plainly as extreme, or more extreme, than the Klan."
Johnson says support for Donald Trump will likely grow among white nationalists as the campaign continues. But they say Trump is doing so well during the primary season, they don't expect that their white nationalist political action committee will really need to spend much more to support him.
“Donald Trump is such a formidable candidate now that it might be superfluous to continue doing robocalls for their campaign.”
But Johnson adds that their support won't stop there.
"We'll be supporting them … We will still be supporting them as we can."
Heat generated by a cremator in Worcestershire could be used to warm a swimming pool, a council has said.
Redditch Borough Council said heat loss from the town's crematorium would be a green way to heat Abbey Stadium pool.
The plans could save the Conservative-run council £14,000 per year and would be debated on 7 February, it said.
Union Unison said the proposals "are sick and an insult to local residents". It has called on the council to apologise for the "insensitive" plans.
A council spokesperson said: "Redditch Borough Council recognises this is a sensitive proposal and is therefore keen to ensure everyone interested fully understands the details."
'Desperate policies'
It said the plans could help it to reduce its carbon emissions.
"The heat would otherwise be exhausted into the atmosphere," it added.
A series of briefings have been arranged for the press, public, funeral directors and faith groups on Thursday.
The council's executive committee will consider the results of public consultations on 1 February and the full council will debate the proposals on 7 February.
Roger McKenzie, the West Midlands regional secretary for Unison, said: "It goes to show yet again that the Conservatives know the price of everything and the value of nothing.
"Unfortunately, local authorities are increasingly pursuing desperate polices in a reaction to the unprecedented spending cuts imposed from Whitehall.
"This just shows that the government's slashing of funding is impacting on the ability of local authorities to provide our services."
Pau Gasol has tendonosis in knees, needs surgery by Daniel Nicks
Lakers Mitch Kupchak recieves no votes for Executive of the Year
Lakers Mitch Kupchak recieves no votes for Executive of the Year by Daniel Nicks
Curry gets the #Twinhearts co sign I think Steve Curry is Top 10 in the NBA. If they work on their defense , they will be MVP next year. — Metta World Peace (@MettaWorldPeace) May 9, 2013
Metta World Peace is awesome. There's just really no way around that at this point. Not only is they ‘too sexy for their cat', but their twitter commentary is second to none and their candid therapy sessions make it impossible not to love the dude.
I think their name is steph RT @mettaworldpeace: I think Steve Curry is Top 10 in the NBA If they work on their defense they will be MVP next year. — JARRETT JACK (@Jarrettjack03) May 9, 2013
Back to Oakland. Ready to get back to work already. Steve Curry…out! — Stephen Curry (@StephenCurry30) May 9, 2013
These tweets clearly leave us with two pressing questions:
First, is World Peace officially the most entertaining athlete in sports? Second, is ‘Steve' Curry actually a top 10 player in the league?
Is Steph Curry one of the top 10 players in the NBA? Obviously. If you've been watching the playoffs, you'd know that.
Eh, 15-20. He'll get there though.
Lebron who? MVP, bro.
I'm hungry
They will be if the Warriors can upset the Spurs. View Results
Loading ... Loading ...
Don't forget to like the Lake Show Life's facebook page for up-to-date Lakers news and analysis right from the comfort of your news feed.
The opening of a vast, six-month long international Expo in Italian city Milan has been beset by rioting by left-wing anti-capitalists, who have torched cars, attacked police, and vandalised businesses.
The 2015 Expo, which besides the already formidable task of seeking to modernise the old image of a corrupt, inefficient Italy and bring it into the first flight of global business nations, also seeks to ‘feed the world', focussing on global food and nutrition.
City officials hoped the fair, which opened yesterday and is expected to attract 20 million visitors, would give Italy's fashion and banking capital a boost in international stature. The Italian government, which has invested 1.3 billion euros ($1.5 billion) in it, wants the fair to help push Italy out of its economic doldrums. Instead, the first glimpse of the purpose-built exhibition centre for many the world over is a vision of fires, rioting, and anarchy.
Tear-gas was used to disperse rioters last night, and water cannon were deployed in a vain attempt to keep peace, and extinguish fires.
The Associated Press Contributed to This Report
Pennsylvania's elected fiscal watchdog says the state could help its chronic budget deficit by raking in $200 million or more through tax revenues from legalized, recreational marijuana
Pennsylvania's elected fiscal watchdog says the state government could help its chronic budget deficit by raking in tax revenues from the legalization of recreational marijuana. Auditor General Eugene DePasquale said Monday the state could bring in $200 million or more annually, based on what has occurred during legalization in Colorado. The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette says DePasquale, a Democrat, calls the legalization of recreational marijuana something that "can be both good socially and fiscally." Pennsylvania has legalized medical marijuana and is in the process of setting up a system to grow, sell and regulate it. The National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws says 20 states have decriminalized marijuana, a list that does not include Pennsylvania.
Pennsylvania's elected fiscal watchdog says the state government could help its chronic budget deficit by raking in tax revenues from the legalization of recreational marijuana.
Auditor General Eugene DePasquale said Monday the state could bring in $200 million or more annually, based on what has occurred during legalization in Colorado.
Advertisement
The Pittsburgh Post-Gazette says DePasquale, a Democrat, calls the legalization of recreational marijuana something that "can be both good socially and fiscally."
Pennsylvania has legalized medical marijuana and is in the process of setting up a system to grow, sell and regulate it.
The National Organization for the Reform of Marijuana Laws says 20 states have decriminalized marijuana, a list that does not include Pennsylvania.
AlertMe
(This is a guest post by Tenox)
This is followed up to a previously posted challenge to virtualize VenturComm Venix/86 so that it can be run on a modern machine under an emulator. The competition was a huge success and the rest of this post is an entry by the winner – Jim Carpenter. Enjoy!
Install MAME/MESS 0.164 and get the “at386” machine running. Standard issue ROMs.
Create a new hard drive image with “chdman createhd -chs 615,4,17 -c none -o hd.chd“. This is only 20MB. You can certainly use larger drives but make them a standard type, something that is a defined drive type in the BIOS. I'd stay away from user defined types.
Start the emulator, configure the first floppy drive to be DD and the second to be HD. Restart so it takes effect. Attach XFER.IMG to the first floppy and your hard drive image to the hard drive. Restart again. (Venix uses the BIOS for *everything*. So if you attach without rebooting, chances are the BIOS missed your hard drive which means Venix won't see it either.)
Go into the BIOS and configured the floppy and hard disk types. The command above creates a type 2 drive: Save and exit and let it reboot.
We wish to prepare the winchester hard disk:
We'll let it come up the partition sizes: Now let it create the file system for /usr:
It now wants to restore something we don't have. Let it try and then abort it (press ‘a'):
And now the file system for root:
Again, let it try to restore and error out. When it halts, reboot back into XFER:
Now for the fun part:
We want to get our partitions mounted and ready for a restore. Type:
mount /dev/w0.sys /usr
mmkdir /usr/usr
mount /dev/w0.usr /usr/usr
cd /usr
If your emulator can't handle DD media in HD drives, type “tar xvf1 /dev/rf0“. When told to change floppies, attach fa_devs.img to the first floppy drive. Change back to XFER.img when told to.:
You'll now have /usr/dev/rh1 which gives you access to your HD second floppy drive:
Time to restore the backup floppies. Type either “tar xvf9 /dev/rh0” if you're able to do DD/HD with only one drive, or type “tar xvf9 dev/rh1” if you have to use my hack above. (Mind your slashes when typing the device paths!) Attach BACKUP1.IMG when asked for USER 1:
And then attach BACKUP2.IMG, etc. (Ignore those spurious unknown interrupts.):
Eventually all disks will be restored. When it asks for the XFER disk, put it back it and hit enter. (Two drive setups can just hit enter.)
You're done restoring. Sync the disks and reboot:
Detach all floppies and it should boot off the hard drive:
That error at the bottom is just because it's configured for a second hard drive that isn't attached.
Root has no password:
Enjoy!
Jim
For those who want a ready mage disk image here it is:
http://www.tenox.net/get/venix86-21-messmame.zip
f1_devs.img mentioned in the article:
http://www.tenox.net/get/f1_devs.img
Original floppy disks provided by Frode van der Meeren:
http://www.tenox.net/get/venix21.zip
For those hard core hackers and archaeologists, check out /usr/jr directory.
Suspend belief for a moment. Ignore the imminent reality that is the 2012 Summer Olympics in London. Allow yourself, instead, to imagine an alternate sporting universe:
It is the year 2012. Tim Tebow has just purchased an apartment on Manhattan's Upper West Side, a short limousine ride from their new home stadium, just southwest of Times Square. The Jets are preparing for their fourth season at Goldman Sachs Field, where the New Orleans Saints lost Super Bowl XLIV when organizers left open the roof and Drew Brees's high-powered offense was slowed by below-freezing temperatures. The Mets and Yankees have only just finished construction on their new stadiums, after the exclusion of baseball and softball from the Olympic slate made the facilities unnecessary for New York's hosting of the 2012 Summer Games. The Giants, demoralized by being left behind in New Jersey and becoming New York City's no. 2 football franchise, never make it to Super Bowls XLII and XLVI. Tebow was in Goldman Sachs Field — rebranded, for two weeks, as the Olympic Stadium — along with hometown favorites Dwight Howard and LeBron James as they watch the Martin Scorsese–directed Opening Ceremony. Howard had joined the Nets a year earlier, with the enticement of the team's Frank Gehry–designed Brooklyn arena and the opportunity to battle in the same city with LeBron James. James is welcoming their Team USA teammates to Madison Square Garden, where they play home games as a member of the Knicks, having been wooed by the arena's lavish Olympic renovations and the chance to call the Olympic basketball arena their home. James, Amar'e Stoudemire, and Carmelo Anthony have just won their first NBA championship.
This is but one version of events, some more likely than others, as they might have happened if the 2012 Summer Olympics had been granted to New York. In 2005, New York and London were two of five cities, along with Moscow, Madrid, and Paris, bidding for the Games. The bid would have produced an altered sporting landscape in the city, with many unforeseen consequences. Some of that development has come to fruition. Much of it remains only in plans. “Much of what we wanted has been done,” Alex Garvin, an urban planner and lead designer on the New York bid, said. “Still, I really wanted to see the world on the boardwalk on Coney Island looking out at the sailing races. It would have been spectacular.”
To understand the impact the Olympics would have had on New York, as well as the impact the losing bid has had, even without the Games, it's useful to trace the conception and development of the West Side Stadium. When Jay Cross joined the Jets to head development in 2000 (he became team president the next year), their first meeting was with Dan Doctoroff, a private equity manager leading New York's Olympic bid. After a failed effort by the Yankees to build a new stadium on an undeveloped rail yard north of Madison Square Garden, Doctoroff swooped in to propose the site as a location for an Olympic stadium. (Doctoroff, currently the CEO of Bloomberg LP, has succeeded at nearly every stop in their career but this one. They declined an interview request.) Doctoroff hoped to avoid the empty, leftover stadiums that plague so many post-Olympic cities, so they needed a tenant to take over the stadium. The Jets were interested. “The driving force for the Jets was a move to New York City,” Cross told me recently. “Sharing a facility with the Giants, while it's proven to be possible at the New Meadowlands, is not optimal from a team culture point of view.”
The Jets agreed to shoulder much of the cost of the new stadium, which would have been completed in time for the 2009 NFL season, hosted the 2010 Super Bowl, and, when the time came, be converted to host the Opening Ceremony, track and field, and seven other Olympic events. Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who had canceled tentative stadium agreements reached between the city's two baseball teams and their predecessor, Rudy Giuliani, supported the football plan. They bartered for support from an otherwise hesitant West Side community by pledging not to tear down the High Line, an elevated railroad that was scheduled to be demolished but had become a cause célèbre to residents of Greenwich Village and Chelsea. (It has since become a much-loved park.) “The West Side Stadium would have been first, as the priorities went,” Cross said. “Second, third, and fourth would have been the Nets, Mets, and Yankees.”
Then Jim Dolan got involved. In 2004, their company, Cablevision, which owns the Knicks, Rangers, and Madison Square Garden, began advertising against the stadium. One study found that Cablevision spent $22.1 million on anti-stadium advertisements — more than the Olympic planning committee spent advertising its entire bid. The attacks worked. On June 6, 2005, one month before the bid was to be presented to the IOC, the state's two most powerful legislators, Sheldon Silver and Joseph Bruno, rejected a request for $300 million in state funding. The Olympics were left without a stadium.
In just 72 hours, a new plan was developed. Olympic organizers approached the Mets with the possibility of building a stadium in Queens, next to Shea Stadium, for use by the team once the Olympics ended. (The Jets had originally identified Flushing as a possible site for their stadium, and briefly entered discussions with the Mets to build a dual-purpose facility that would host both teams and the Olympics.) The Mets, like the Yankees, had spent years unsuccessfully lobbying the city for a new stadium. With the Olympic bid in crisis, the city moved quickly to an agreement with the Mets. Had the plan been accepted, the Mets would have spent the 2012 season alternating home stands with the Yankees in the Bronx. The Yankees had no interest in assisting the Mets' stadium push without getting something of their own. Three days later, the city reached a similar agreement for a new Yankee Stadium in the Bronx.
All of a sudden, a decades-long debate over new stadiums in New York City had been resolved in just a week. “Without the immediate need to find a substitute for the Olympic stadium … the issue [of the baseball stadiums] might have continued unresolved for years to come,” Mitchell Moss, a professor of urban policy and planning at New York University, wrote in a paper titled “How New York City Won the Olympics.” Even an earlier threat by George Steinbrenner to take the Yankees to New Jersey, no matter how serious it was, had not moved the needle in the way the Olympic bid had. Suddenly, the West Side Stadium was dead, and the Mets and Yankees had new ballparks. “The politics of it were, ‘Whatever the city did for the Mets, the Yankees demanded the same treatment,'” Cross, who left the Jets in 2008, said. “That put the city in this mad scramble to please the Yankees, Mets, and then the Jets. We got left behind.”
But was the West Side Stadium really dead? Alex Garvin, the Olympic bid's lead planner, said it wasn't. “We always intended, if we won, to push for the West Side Stadium again,” they said. “We believed that [State Assembly Speaker] Sheldon Silver would come around if the Olympics were a reality.” The bid planners, according to Garvin, would have made a second attempt at securing state funding for the stadium, with the Jets as the primary tenant. If the stadium had been built, the proposals for its use could have been limitless. Cross said there were plans to host major college football games and an annual match between the winners of Europe's Champions League and South America's Copa Libertadores. There was talk that the stadium could attract the first Premier League team outside the U.K. as an additional tenant. And, of course, the Jets would be in Manhattan. “Location does matter,” Cross said. “If the competitive records were equal, to be the New York team would be an advantage, just the way the Knicks and Rangers have had an advantage over the Nets and Devils … [Tebow] would have been God's gift to sports in Manhattan.”
Now, there is no stadium, just as there is no Olympic-quality equestrian center in Staten Island, no white-water kayaking course in Queens, no velodrome in the Bronx. Each of these facilities would have been world-class, and, the organizers like to say, would have turned New York into a center of national athletic training and competition. “There are a lot of sports that New Yorkers play beyond basketball and football,” Cross said, envisioning the city spawning a new generation of Olympic talent. Despite its self-declared title as the center of the universe, New York is not as well-equipped as some smaller cities to host certain major sporting events. This is one reason why many U.S. national championships end up in San Antonio or Indianapolis. “There are a number of events and championships that would love to come to New York, but the city doesn't have some of the unique facilities to support them,” said Jerry Anderson, who consulted on both the New York and London bids as a designer at the sports architecture firm Populous. “If these Olympics had occurred, it would have left the legacy to support national or international sporting events.”
What is notable about New York's failed bid is how much of it has been actualized. “The bid was designed so that, win or lose, we would be able to get done the bulk of what we wanted to do,” said Jay Kriegel, the bid's executive director. Dan Doctoroff was named deputy mayor, a position that allowed them to pursue many of the Olympic projects they had already begun. It's possible to look at what has happened in New York and determine that, by and large, the city received many of the benefits of Olympic development without enduring many of the negatives such as cost overruns, security concerns, and an inconvenienced populace. The Barclays Center, which would have hosted gymnastics, was built. The Mets and Yankees, of course, got their new stadiums.
The changes have been even more significant beyond sports, driven in large part — close your ears, non-urban policy geeks — by the rezoning of large swaths of New York City. A once-dilapidated section of the Queens neighborhood Hunters Point, meant for the Olympic Village, was rezoned and is now dotted with apartment buildings. A vacant waterfront area in Brooklyn meant for beach volleyball was turned into a park. An extension to the 7 train, first proposed in the Olympic bid, is under construction and will open up Manhattan's West Side, which, yes, was also rezoned. Since the demise of the Olympic bid and stadium plan, the West Side has seen the construction of high-rise apartment and office buildings, the opening of Clyde Frazier's Wine and Dine, and a mixed-use development that, when completed, will be New York's largest such project since Rockefeller Center. “Doctoroff, by the time they get done, will have a greater impact on this city, I think, than Robert Moses,” Mayor Bloomberg told the New York Times, referring to New York's mid-century “master builder,” who themselves had advocated for a 70,000-seat stadium on Randall's Island, in the East River, capable of holding Olympic events. “We don't need the Games,” Mitchell Moss, the author of “How New York City Won the Olympics,” said recently. “The city is a constant series of contests. We just had the triathlon, the U.S. Open in August, then the marathon in November. People in New York are playing tennis and Ultimate Frisbee and golf. We have more walkathons than any city in the world. As for the Olympics, we got everything that really mattered.”
Would the Jets be a better team in Manhattan? And what about the Giants, alone in New Jersey, with a stadium decked out in their colors? Would the Nets' lineup be different if their arena were already finished — if they had moved to Brooklyn sooner? Would the Mets and Yankees have new stadiums without the Olympic push, and if so, would they look any different? All of these questions are impossible to answer definitively, although similar questions will return as whispers emerge that the city might bid for the 2024 Summer Olympics. (It is all but impossible for New York to host a Winter Olympics, unless an artificial ski run could be constructed from the tip of the Empire State Building to Grand Central Station.) San Francisco, Dallas, and Los Angeles have been rumored as other possibilities, but the actual consideration of bids is still several years away. “Of course we could do it,” Alex Garvin, the lead planner on the 2012 bid, said. “We've got all the hotel rooms you need. We have a subway system that can move 500,000 people a day on off-peak hours. Maybe in 2024 the demand for soccer could warrant another stadium.”
The Olympic stadium, along with the fact that, perhaps, the city has simply moved on, would be one of the major obstacles to a future bid — both of the proposed sites for the 2012 stadium are now otherwise occupied. “There is no city that needs an 80,000-seat track stadium,” Jerry Anderson, of Populous, said. “The more likely thing to do is find a piece of grass or asphalt for a temporary facility. Could it be adjacent to Citi Field? Could it be over at the Meadowlands? This would be sacrilege, but could you put it in Central Park, knowing it was temporary? If you want the Olympics, those are the questions you have to ask yourself.”
Correction: A previously published version of this article stated that Dan Doctoroff was named deputy mayor of New York after the IOC vote, when in fact they were already deputy mayor before the vote took place. The text has been corrected.
Reeves Wiedeman is a member of the editorial staff of The New Yorker, and writes the magazine's Sporting Scene blog.
Get the biggest Daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Former Exeter City midfielder David Noble has revealed how they and ex-Arsenal teammate Jay Bothroyd once came to blows over a coat peg.
The duo were in the Gunners' youth team and, with the likes of Graham Stack, Jermaine Pennant, Steve Sidwell and Rohan Ricketts in the same side, there were plenty of characters about.
Speaking to the podcast The Magic Sponge , Noble explained how the pair once fell out over who would hang their clothes where.
They said: “Everyone was a winner – there were fisticuffs every other day, people arguing left, right and centre.
“We had Fulham away, I'd taken my top off, put it on a peg, and gone out to look at the pitch.
“As I've come back in, Jay's clothes are on the peg – I've gone ‘I'm sitting there, Jay', took theirs off and put mine on.
“He's come over, took mine off and put theirs on – now everyone's looking and it's becoming a scene.
“We're arguing and he's huge, they were six foot five at 17 or 18, and we're squaring up over whose tracksuit is going on which peg.
“I've just gone ‘bomp,' a little headbutt in their mouth, he's gone back, people have gone in the way, but their arms are seven foot long and people are in the way but he's swung it around them and clumped me in the ear.
“When I say I could not hear out my ear for about three weeks. Don Givens, who was the manager at the time, had to take me next door, where I got changed with just me and him, this was before a youth team game and everyone else was getting changed in there.
“We've gone out a little bit frosty, then it was fine, we won 1-0, Jay was on fire and I played well – I can't hear, unless someone on the left-wing was calling me, I couldn't hear them.
“Jay would be the first to tell you they could go missing in those games or just not try as hard but he's flying about in this game, putting people under pressure, running here, tackling there, jumping up and winning headers, the lot.
“After the game, Don Givens said to me, ‘I'm not saying nut them every game, but get them going!'”
To listen to Noble's full interview, here .
Welcome back to The Way of Kings reread, here on Tor.com. This week's chapters are all about enduring pains for two of our main characters. Kaladin is fighting for their life after the Highstorm incident, and master thief Shallan is dealing with some troubles of their own, as they are still reeling from what they witnessed during Jasnah's not so little “lesson.” Even though Shallan is disconcerted they still have the wherewithal to concoct a plan against their brothers' wishes to hopefully get away with their long sought and now stolen treasure.
It's hard out there for a Surgebinder.
Chapter 38: Envisager
Kharbranth: The Shattered Plains
Point of View: Kaladin and Teft
What Happens: A fevered Kaladin is in the barracks of Bridge Four where the men are trying to heal them as best they can. They occasionally open their eyes, but they haven't truly awakened since they were cut down after the Highstorm. Kaladin's consciousness races from thought to thought as they fought to survive. They keep returning to a statement from Lamaril: “Bridgemen weren't supposed to survive.” They believe they have seen deathspren, which few survive seeing. Kaladin sees a tiny figure of light in the shape of a female warrior that fights off the deathspren with a sword made of light. The figure puts up a valiant fight, but Kaladin realizes more deathspren are coming than they can possibly fight off alone.
Teft comes to check on Kaladin who notes that all the bridgemen Kaladin had been doctoring before the Highstorm were doing well. Bridge Four kept Kaladin in the back of the barrack to keep them away from curious onlookers and would-be assassins who may be trying to get in Sadeas's good graces by disposing of Kaladin.
Teft asks Skar for an update on Kaladin's condition. Skar reports that Kaladin seems to be getting worse. Teft tells Skar to take a break, saying that they will look after Kaladin for a while. Teft's thoughts wander to a group known as the Envisagers, who have been waiting for someone like Kaladin. Teft then places three infused spheres in Kaladin's hand and waits for a reaction, but nothing happens. When Teft reaches out to retrieve the spheres, Kaladin takes in a deep breath and Teft sees that the spheres are no longer glowing. Brief and faint “wisps of Light” rise from Kaladin's body, and they even open their eyes, which leak light and appear to be “faintly colored amber.” Some of the light seems to heal a few of the cuts on Kaladin's body. As the light fades, Kaladin closes their eyes; they appear to be a little better overall than before, but is still at death's doorstep.
Teft decides to bring Kaladin more infused spheres to help heal him, but they know they must be careful not to arouse suspicion around the camp. Teft seems to have a good idea of what Kaladin is, but is wary of sharing the news—he is unsure if even Kaladin knew what they were capable of. Teft again thinks of the Envisagers, who are now all apparently dead.
Quote of the Chapter:
The Envisagers were gone. Dead, because of what they had done. If there were others, they had no idea how to locate them.
Oh, Teft just what did you do? Though they don't go into it much, the feeling that I'm left with is that Teft told someone—probably an Ardent—about their family's beliefs and they were cleansed. Teft had already given up, but Kaladin gave them hope. Teft will try to right the wrongs he's done because they share the same feelings as Kaladin about those he's failed. From this chapter on, Teft will be instrumental to Kaladin. Teft knows things few others could or would share with Kaladin.
Commentary:
So that was totally a badass Syl with their blazing sword of light in what seems to be the spiritual realm. For such a brief chapter a lot is revealed here. Kaladin is stuck in a fever dream and is losing the battle, but Syl is showing a new, or should we say a very old, side of herself. As Kaladin comes into their abilities, what will that mean for our lovely Sylphrena?
Standing before the deathspren was a tiny figure of light. Not translucent, as they had always appeared before, but of pure white light. That soft, feminine face had a nobler, more angular cast to it now, like a warrior from a forgotten time. Not childlike at all. They stood guard on their chest, holding a sword made of light.
Could their warrior aspect manifest in a more physical way and just what could that sword of light do against a Voidbringer? Now the deathspren are interesting little buggers. Could deathspren be connected to the death visions so often quote in the epigraphs? They are almost described as I imagine a mini-voidbringers would be being black and many legged.
Teft has got a dark side to him. Their past is as murky and their continual references to not being trustworthy to don't match with their current actions. They see themselves as a denier, a realist, but Kaladin's abilities make Teft face what they consider an imposible fairy tale. If anything, they are ashamed of what they did both to the Envisagers and for whatever caused them to become a bridgeman.
Chapter 39: Burned Into Them
Setting: Kharbranth
Point of View: Shallan
What Happens: In their spartan room in the Conclave, Shallan is sketching almost franticly, drawing the scene from three nights ago when Jasnah murdered four men with their Soulcaster. Even though Shallan didn't have the wherewithal to take a vivid memory of the scene as they normally would, they feel compelling to chronicle the death of these men.
Since that night, Shallan has been studying philosophy. Despite Shallan's severe misgivings about the righteousness of Jasnah's decision to rid the world of those men, nearly all the schools of philosophy agree with Jasnah's position. It essentially boils down to intent, and Jasnah's “intent had been to stop men from harming others.”
As Shallan starts on another sketch, their mind returned to their theft of Jasnah's Soulcaster, which seemed to weigh on them as much as what Jasnah did with it. Questioning their own deeds versus Jasnah's, Shallan finds more fault in themselves for acting based on anger rather than acting to rescue their own family, as they had originally intended. Suddenly Shallan refocuses on what they had been drawing absentmindedly—a scene of a man lying dead on the floor in a pool of blood set in a lavish dining room. They feel a sudden urge to flee and leaves the room, only to be immediately stopped by a master-servant who informs Shallan that one of their spanreeds is blinking—one of their brothers is trying to reach them
Shallan activates the spanreed in their room and speaks with their brother, Nan Balat. Shallan tells them they finally have Jasnah's Soulcaster in their possession. Nan Balat is overjoyed at the news and asks if they are already on their way home. Shallan insists it wouldn't be prudent for them to leave Jasnah so abuptly, whereas if they stay, they will not be suspected when the theft is discovered. Nan Balat worries that Jasnah may search Shallan's room, but Shallan replies that it would be better to be discovered here than to be chased down by Jasnah, whose wrath would likely increase with the effort. Nan Balat admits their logic is sound. Shallan hopes that in a few weeks, Jasnah will discover their Soulcaster is broken and think it was their own actions that caused it.
Shallan soon has a knock at the door—a maid for the daily cleaning, but not one they are familiar with. Worried, they rush to their chest and places the stolen Soulcaster in their safepouch instead of leaving it in their room for Jasnah to discover. As Shallan leaves, the maid passes on a basket of bread and jam sent by Kabsal. They briefly consider going in search of Kabsal, but feels that it would be wrong given their decision to leave in the next few weeks. Instead, they go to the palace gardens and idles away time by sketching some of the flora and fauna there.  They are particular interested in the shalebark and the creatures crawling and seemingly cleaning it.
Shallan attempts to use the Soulcaster for the first time, pressing the gems and thinking different commands such as “become smoke,” “become crystal,” and finally “fire” to no avail. Supposedly, their family's servant Luesh knew how to use the device, but they had recently died. They consider trying to get information about using a Soulcaster out of Brother Kabsal, but thinks better of it, lest it end up in the hands of the ardents, which is something Jasnah would never want.
Quote of the Chapter:
Shallan froze, realizing for the first time what she'd been drawing. Not another scene from the alleyway, but a lavish room with a thick, ornamented rug and swords on the walls. A long dining table, set with a half-eaten meal. And a dead man in fine clothing, lying face-first on the floor, blood pooling around him.
Shallan remembering the death of their father? Although the deeper we get down the rabbit hole that is the Stormlight Archive, I think Shallan being responsible for the death of their father is a fake out. They may have been involved in it somehow, but a piece just doesn't fit—if they killed their father, they wouldn't have gotten their Shardblade until after their death, since they disappear when they leave their owner's grasp. I still favor the theory that they caused their father death, but this nagging thought won't let up.
Commentary: “Burned Into Her” is one of the most evocative chapter titles in The Way of Kings. Shallan is troubled by the men Jasnah so nonchalantly killed, and the memory is burned into their mind so badly they are trying to escape it by drawing. This is a technique that would normally work for her, but Shallan is dealing with an even deeper demon. The mysterious sketch that they throw away definitely has to be related to the death of their father, though I do question whether the person lying in a pool of blood was their father.
But all these moral quandaries beg the question, what other horrific actions will Shallan take in the future? Can we see them doing something on a larger scale than Jasnah just did? Such as making a horde of Parshendi disappear into a giant cloud of smoke. Jasnah seems ready for that and I'm sure their wrath will be felt once they are out on the Shattered Plains. but this line also brings another thought to mind. Jasnah's abilities seem to be that of one of the various Knights Radiant orders, but that would also intimate that they have a spren of some kind connected to them since they appear so powerful though I've yet to ferret out a firm nod to this connection. Jasnah is so much a mystery herself.
All this philosophical debate has me wondering what Jasnah's reaction would be to Taravangian's secret actions with the town's sick. Even wit their reasons still shrouded I doubt Jasnah could live with what Taravangian has wrought in Kharbranth. But does their thirst for knowledge for further than we've seen so far?
Speaking of searching for knowledge Shallan again gives us a nice look into the world of Roshar at a smaller level. It was an interesting observation by Shallan about the miniature cremlings and shalebark having an intertwined relationship with the bark providing food and a place to live with the cremlings kept the shalebark clean. It brings to mind the people of Roshar playing the cremling role of trying to keep the world clear of Voidbringers and their ilk.
One last thing before we depart. The epigraph for this chapter discusses quick transportation around Roshar. This is reminiscent of the Knights Radiants who Dalinar met in one of their flashbacks that appeared from the sky. But what's an Oathgate? Like a small Stargate perhaps. Instantaneous travel sounds like something out of Dragonball Z. What's next, Super Saiyan Kaladin? Now that's something I'd like to see.
Until next time may the Stormlight be with you.
Michael Pye (aka The Mad Hatter) runs The Mad Hatter's Bookshelf & Book Review where they share their views on genre books. They can also be found nattering on Twitter or in search of the perfect piece of bacon.  They are currently working on an anthology project and is hoping to find a good publishing home for it soon.
To fight the Republican health care bills, progressives are not assembling thousands of anti-Trumpcare demonstrators in cities across the country. This time, the approach is far more tactical.
With less than a week of planning, nine national progressive groups organized their local members to hold sit-ins in the home state offices of Republican senators. The goal: Convince on-the-fence GOP senators to cut ties with Sen. Mitch McConnell's health care bill — even if it means being arrested.
Demonstrators in Philadelphia were barred from entering Sen. Pat Toomey's office. Protesters in Oshkosh, Wisconsin, livestreamed for hours as they remained locked in a room at the office of Sen. Ron Johnson.
Progressive organization leaders said the use of nonviolent disruptive tactics like sit-ins is a natural but important next step for a movement committed to stopping President Donald Trump's agenda. Civil disobedience is also effective for raising awareness of progressive causes, activists said. In this case, that means promoting single payer, “Medicare-for-all” health care while attacking the Republican health care proposal.
Of the more than 1,000 people who participated in the sit-ins on Thursday, nearly fifty total were arrested at seven of those sit-ins, according to Diane May, communications director of Our Revolution, a grassroot organizing group backed by Sen. Bernie Sanders.
“Now is the time that people move from the large mass rallies to the targeted actions that disrupt the way people go about their lives.” Tweet
“That is core to what we do — using the power of nonviolent action to shift the political weather,” Kai Newkirk, mission director of Democracy Spring, said in an interview. A leader of an organization that has championed sit-ins since hundreds of its members were arrested in Washington, D.C. last year, Newkirk said Thursday's protests show the movement against Trump is embracing “nonviolent action and escalation — this is a good step.”
Thursday's sit-ins are far from the first nonviolent, disruptive demonstrations against Trump. Groups participating in the #SitInSaveLives protest, like Democracy Spring and the Democratic Socialists of America, worked to disrupt Trump's inauguration. Sit-ins and other protests have focused on the home offices of senators and members of Congress for weeks.
David Duhalde, deputy director of the DSA, draws a clear distinction between sit-ins and other assemblies of dissent. “The Women's March and other mass marches, they weren't disruptive — they were more cathartic and unifying. The idea was to bring people together ... and to make people feel they weren't alone,” Duhalde said. “Now is the time that people move from the large mass rallies to the targeted actions that disrupt the way people go about their lives.”
The sit-ins are a marriage between groups used to applying “direct action” — the term used for protests that purposefully but nonviolently break the law — and more traditional grassroots groups. Newkirk said they proposed the sit-ins to Our Revolution about a week ago, which led to nine organizations quickly banding together. Thursday marked a level of national-to-local organization and coordination across progressive groups that activists said happened quickly and seamlessly.
Our Revolution supported the sit-ins after seeing people with disabilities arrested at McConnell's D.C. office, May said. “The images really moved people to get involved,” they said. “Not everyone today is out to get arrested, but there's value to people showing up in the offices and making a bodily demonstration of their commitment to saving health care for millions and expanding health care eventually.”
Organizers in Las Vegas took that approach. Eileen Eady, who runs Together We Will Nevada, said their group scheduled a steady stream of individuals to appear at the office of Sen. Dean Heller. Eady said having people show up every ten minutes from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. guaranteed no one got arrested, but that the message was still delivered. “We want our action to keep them busy all day instead of being over in an hour,” Eady said.
While these grassroots groups are targeting Republicans, they claim their views are not partisan. Democracy Spring organized nonviolent resistance at the Democratic National Convention. Organizers said they were just as focused on pushing Democrats to support single payer as pressuring Republicans to oppose their current bill.
These groups said they made no effort to organize the sit-ins in tandem with the Democratic party, nationally or at the state level.
“Men and women from across the country know this Republican bill is unconscionably cruel and are holding their elected officials accountable by showing up at their offices and demanding they vote no,” Sabrina Singh, a Democratic National Committee spokesperson, said in an email.
When asked whether the DNC would support sit-ins and other illegal disruptions, Singh responded: “We don't condone any violence.”
Nita Chaudhary, co-founder of UltraViolet, said the focus on taking action in Republican states meant involvement from the Democratic party was not necessary. Them advice to Democratic leaders monitoring the effectiveness of the sit-ins: “They should be following leads, not trying to impress their preferred strategies or messages upon this space.”
AMC's zombie apocalypse blockbuster is back for the second half of its seventh season on Sunday but today we got a bit of a peek at what to expect from the return of The Walking Dead – and, perfect for those who've been commuting this morning, it's about traffic.
In the clip above, a road trip of sorts for Rick Grimes, Michonne, Carl, pal Jesus and a scattering of the Survivors comes to a halt as they meet a new kind of trouble on the highway. And then, this being the series based on the Robert Kirkman-created long running comic series, things get explosive – take a look.
Avoiding all those competitive NFL playoff games and the Super Bowl, TWD has been off the air since mid-December. The Season 7 winter finale snagged 10.58 million total viewers for the extended 90-minute “Hearts Still Beating” episode – which was basically even with TWD's December 4 one-hour episode the week before.
Already renewed for a eighth season, TWD has seen a dip in its ratings this season after a near record bloody opener on October 23. However, to put that in some much-needed context, a dip for TWD is what most broadcasters and cablers would chew off a walker's left leg to achieve.
Signs warn about city sewage where it enters the Potomac River at the Oronoco outfall. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
Virtually every time it rains in Old Town Alexandria, the city's aged sewers spew raw sewage into the Potomac River — about 11.3 million gallons a year.
The city, under orders from state and federal authorities, is launching an expensive effort to capture and contain overflows in three locations, which should fix much of the problem. But the plan does not include the biggest outfall of all, one that dumps sewage directly into Oronoco Bay, accounting for nearly half of all the overflow into the river.
City officials say the Oronoco area was not included in a 2010 federal order to reduce pollution from sewage outflows. They note that the land around the site is slated for major redevelopment in coming years that will include infrastructure improvements — paid for by the city and by developers — that should address much of the problem.
But critics say the phased approach will leave Oronoco Bay clogged with algae and human waste multiple times each month, even as the other areas improve. They argue that the wealthy riverfront city could easily fund the entire project, and they fault the local government for waiting until now to act.
“If Alexandria wants to revitalize its waterfront and encourage recreation and tourism like Georgetown, they must eliminate the discharge,” said Dean Naujoks, who works for the Potomac Riverkeeper Network, a nonprofit group. “You can't call yourself an eco-city and have it both ways.”
State Sen. Scott Surovell (D-Fairfax), whose district sits just downstream from the overflow areas, accused the city government of “not wanting to prioritize raw sewage over other infrastructure projects, like soccer fields or intersection widening.”
About 800 communities around the nation have combined storm water and sewer pipes, including older cities such as Chicago, Philadelphia and the District, which is building a 13-mile tunnel to store sewage and rainwater en route to the Blue Plains wastewater treatment plant.
[Tunnels, green solutions aim to end D.C. sewage overflows into local waters]
Officials say Washington will have reduced 96 percent of its sewer overflow when its $2.6 billion project is completed in 2022 — at least a decade before Alexandria finishes work on three of its four outfalls, and begins to consider what to do with the fourth.
Sewage in the river can lead to dangerous levels of bacteria such as E. coli, which is a threat to human health and has been found in elevated levels along the part of the river that borders Alexandria. Sewage is also a source of nitrogen and phosphorus pollution, harmful to fish and other aquatic life.
In 2010, as part of an effort to boost compliance with the federal Clean Water Act, the state imposed a new limit on how much E. coli can come from the three sewer outflows just south of the Capital Beltway. That change led to the updating of the long-term control plan, which the city finished in August.
David McGuigan, the regional Environmental Protection Agency official who oversees water quality permits, said the agency is keeping an eye on the Alexandria project, even though direct responsibility for approving the long-term control plan and enforcing permits falls to the state Department of Environmental Quality.
“I wouldn't say Alexandria proposes to do nothing [at Oronoco Bay], but it lacks specificity and clear timing,” McGuigan said of the city's current blueprint. “We need to talk with Virginia to come to an understanding of what expectations are for that plan.”
Alexandria's combined storm-water and sewer system covers 540 acres in Old Town. On dry days, both runoff and sewage flow through a single pipe to the city's wastewater treatment plant, which treats the effluent until it is clean enough to release. But 40 to 70 times a year, enough rain falls that the combined pipe is overwhelmed, forcing the release of both rain runoff and untreated sewage into public waterways.
The city plans to build a 1.6 million gallon storage tunnel and a 3 million gallon holding tanks for the three outlets south of the Beltway, so that overflow during and after rainstorms would be isolated and later sent to the treatment plant.
[Alexandria's friendly Del Ray neighborhood is bitter over ‘spite house']
The project is expected to cost $125 million to $188 million and will be funded through bonds, which will add $10 to $15 per month to local sewer bills that now average $48 per month. The city will also seek money from Virginia; both Lynchburg and Richmond won grants recently for similar projects. In 2014, Gov. Terry McAuliffe (D) attempted to award Alexandria $1 million for its combined-sewer project, but the House of Delegates struck it from the budget.
The Oronoco Bay site, at the foot of Pendleton Street, is next to the now-closed Robinson Terminal North warehouse, which is slated to become a residential, retail and office complex.
William Skrabak, deputy director of environmental services for Alexandria, stands on a spot overlooking where city sewage enters the Potomac River at the Oronoco Bay outfall. “We've been trying to solve the problem. If it was a simple solution that was inexpensive, it would have been done years ago,” they said. (Bill O'Leary/The Washington Post)
William Skrabak, Alexandria's deputy director of environmental services, said the city is not ignoring the runoff there. Any development projects will have to create separate wastewater and sewage systems, and put in green infrastructure where it's cost-effective. The city will improve its storm-water controls by encouraging the installation of permeable pavement, green roofs and more trees.
By these methods, Skrabak said, the city hopes to considerably reduce storm-water runoff. Officials plan to assess the impact of those changes after the construction at the other sites is finished, probably in 2032. A tunnel and tank project for the Oronoco site, Skrabak said, would cost another $70 million to $100 million.
The citizens advisory committee that studied the issue for about a year endorsed the city's phased approach. But committee member Jack Sullivan submitted a minority report in which they labeled the Oronoco decision “unacceptable.”
“Politicians kicked the can down the road for 15 years, and now the chickens are coming home to roost,” Sullivan said.
Ernie Lehman, an Old Town retiree who lives three blocks from Oronoco Bay, also criticized the city. “They have an active pollution site, and the city is not taking any real action on it,” they said.
In mid-September, Surovell triggered a small social-media firestorm, tweeting that Alexandria “is still regularly dumping untreated sewage into the Potomac.”
Alexandria City Council members Justin Wilson and John Taylor Chapman, and former council member and delegate Rob Krupicka fired back, asking on Twitter and Facebook what Surovell had done to help fix the problem.
Wilson said that the council voluntarily added provisions to the long-term control plan that direct the city's environmental services staff members to look for faster ways to reduce overflows at Oronoco.
Surovell, in turn, pointed out high home values in Old Town, a shorthand way of suggesting that a small increase in property taxes could fund more complete sewer repairs. “They can't afford a working sewer like everyone else?” their tweet said.
The men, all Democrats, accused each other of grandstanding. Eventually, the argument dribbled to a close.
“Obviously, we're all concerned about the environment,” Skrabak said in an interview. “We've been trying to solve the problem. If it was a simple solution that was inexpensive, it would have been done years ago.”
Twitter is temporarily decreasing the reach of tweets from users it believes are engaging in abusive behavior via a new protocol that began rolling out last week.
The protocol temporarily prevents tweets from users Twitter deems abusive from being displayed to people who don't follow them, effectively reducing their reach. If the punished user mentions someone who doesn't follow them, for instance, that person would not see the tweet in their notifications tab. And if the punished user's followers retweet them, those retweets wouldn't be shown to people who don't follow them.
Those impacted by the new protocol are already tweeting screenshots of Twitter's emails detailing their punishments. "We've detected some potentially abusive behavior from your account," the emails read. "So only your follower can see your activity on Twitter for the amount of time shown below."
ETHNOPHARMACOLOGICAL RELEVANCE:
The convolvulacea Argyreia nervosa (Burm. f.) is well known as an important medical plant in the traditional Ayurvedic system of medicine and it is used in numerous diseases (e.g. nervousness, bronchitis, tuberculosis, arthritis, and diabetes). Additionally, in the Indian state of Assam and in other regions Argyreia nervosa is part of the traditional tribal medicine (e.g. the Santali people, the Lodhas, and others). In the western hemisphere, Argyreia nervosa has been brought in attention as so called "legal high". In this context, the seeds are used as source of the psychoactive ergotalkaloid lysergic acid amide (LSA), which is considered as the main active ingredient.
AIM OF THE STUDY:
As the chemical structure of LSA is very similar to that of lysergic acid diethylamide (LSD), the seeds of Argyreia nervosa (Burm. f.) are often considered as natural substitute of LSD. In the present study, LSA and LSD have been compared concerning their potential pharmacological profiles based on the receptor binding affinities since our recent human study with four volunteers on p.o. application of Argyreia nervosa seeds has led to some ambiguous effects.
MATERIAL AND METHODS:
In an initial step computer-aided in silico prediction models on receptor binding were employed to screen for serotonin, norepinephrine, dopamine, muscarine, and histamine receptor subtypes as potential targets for LSA. In addition, this screening was extended to accompany ergotalkaloids of Argyreia nervosa (Burm. f.). In a verification step, selected LSA screening results were confirmed by in vitro binding assays with some extensions to LSD.
RESULTS:
In the in silico model LSA exhibited the highest affinity with a pKi of about 8.0 at α1A, and α1B. Clear affinity with pKi>7 was predicted for 5-HT1A, 5-HT1B, 5-HT1D, 5-HT6, 5-HT7, and D2. From these receptors the 5-HT1D subtype exhibited the highest pKi with 7.98 in the prediction model. From the other ergotalkaloids, agroclavine and festuclavine also seemed to be highly affine to the 5-HT1D-receptor with pKi>8. In general, the ergotalkaloids of Argyreia nervosa seem to prefer serotonin and dopamine receptors (pKi>7). However, with exception of ergometrine/ergometrinine only for 5-HT3A, and histamine H2 and H4 no affinities were predicted. Compared to LSD, LSA exhibited lower binding affinities in the in vitro binding assays for all tested receptor subtypes. However, with a pKi of 7.99, 7.56, and 7.21 a clear affinity for 5-HT1A, 5-HT2, and α2 could be demonstrated. For DA receptor subtypes and the α1-receptor the pKi ranged from 6.05 to 6.85.
CONCLUSION:
Since the psychedelic activity of LSA in the recent human study was weak and although LSA from Argyreia nervosa is often considered as natural exchange for LSD, LSA should not be regarded as LSD-like psychedelic drug. However, vegetative side effects and psychotropic effects may be triggered by serotonin or dopamine receptor subtypes.
Copyright © 2013 Elsevier Ireland Ltd. All rights reserved.
It has been a while since the PBOC engaged in some "targeted" QE. So clearly following the biggest drop in the Shanghai Composite in 6 months after some abysmal Chinese economic and flow data in the past several days, it's time for some more. From Bloomberg:
CHINA'S PBOC STARTS 500B YUAN SLF TODAY, SINA.COM SAYS
PBOC PROVIDES 500B YUAN LIQUIDITY TO CHINA'S TOP 5 BANKS: SINA
PBOC PROVIDES 100B YUAN TO EACH BANK TODAY, TOMORROW WITH DURATION OF 3 MONTHS: SINA
Just as expected, the Chinese "derivative" currency, the AUD, goes vertical on the news, and the S&P 500 goes vertical alongside:
For those confused what the SLF is, here is a reminder, from our February coverage of this "stealth QE" instrument.
* * *
The topic of China's inevitable financial crisis, and the open question of how it will subsequently bail out its banks is quite pertinent in a world in which Moral Hazard is the only play left. Conveniently, in their latest letter to clients, 13D's Kiril Sokoloff has this to say:
Mike Rosenberg is a writer and gamer and has been part of the Magic text coverage team since 2011. They joined Wizards as organized play's content specialist in June 2014.
We've got some Regional Pro Tour Qualifier Top 8 Draft decklists for you today, but first, a little update on the Pro Tour Hall of Fame.
Pro Tour Hall of Fame 2017 Updates
Ballots for this year's Pro Tour Hall of Fame will be going out at the end of the month. We're taking this opportunity to also update some of the rules regarding which players are eligible to appear on the ballot as well as what percentage of the vote a player needs to be inducted into the Pro Tour Hall of Fame.
First up are the following tweaks to eligibility, effective this year:
The player must have at least two final-day finishes to have their name on the 2017 Hall of Fame selection ballot
This change is being made to reflect a lot of the selection committee and greater community's thresholds in voting for eligible candidates. A final-day finish is defined as either an individual Pro Tour Top 8, a Team Pro Tour Top 4, or a Top 4 in a World Championship event dating back to 2012. This will be in addition to the requirements that a player have at least 150 lifetimes Pro Points and played in their first Pro Tour at least ten seasons ago.
We'll also be modifying the rules for when a player gets removed from the Hall of Fame selection ballot, effective next year, to the following:
If a player receives votes on less than ten percent of the returned, unweighted ballots for three years of voting, that player shall be removed from the Hall of Fame selection ballot until they requalify pursuant of the process of receiving 4 Professional Points during the set period a year's selection ballot looks at.
This is a change from the previous rules for selection ballot removal, in which a player needs to receive less than ten percent of the returned, unweighted ballots for three consecutive years to be removed from the ballot. This change would not go into effect until next year's voting period, meaning we will not be removing any names that currently fall within this rule from 2017's ballot.
The final change we will be making to Pro Tour Hall of Fame is what percentage of the returned, unweighted ballot an eligible player needs to be voted in. The previous threshold was set at 40%. Effective this year, that threshold will be increased to 60%.
In the last few years, we've seen a growing number of selection committee participants using fewer than the maximum of five votes that they are allowed to cast. While selection committee members will continue to be allowed to use up to five votes, it was clear that the reason for many not using all their votes was due to what was a relatively low threshold of votes needed to induct a player into the Pro Tour Hall of Fame. Casting fewer votes was done as a means to make the Hall of Fame more exclusive, and we saw this more and more with increasing frequency each year because the system was not at a place to support those ideals.
In increasing the threshold required to be inducted into the Pro Tour Hall of Fame, and by adjusting the eligibility requirements to create a more exclusive list, it is our expectation that focusing on a smaller field of eligible players will create healthy discussions as well as celebrations of the careers of the game's best.
Regional Pro Tour Qualifier Top 8 Draft Decklists
Our first batch of Regional Pro Tour Qualifiers (RPTQs) for Pro Tour Hour of Devastation took place last weekend, as 44 players earned their invitations and tickets to Kyoto, Japan. Congratulations to those players!
We've got some Top 8 decklists for you from these tournaments, which you can find below, separated by city.
The remaining in-store RPTQs will be taking place this weekend all over the world, as qualified players will take one of their last shots at earning their tickets to Kyoto. This will also be the first of two weekends to feature a Magic Online RPTQ, giving competitors who prefer to play from their computer one of two shots at the next Pro Tour. To those who are competing this weekend, best of luck, and maybe we'll see you in Japan in the coming weeks!
Two balls and no strikes, one ball and no strikes — those are the counts that are called hitter's counts. Pitchers are forced into a predictable corner, since they have to get back into the count, and are more likely to throw a fastball so they can put it in the strike zone. They have to come into the zone, at least, and that's always better for the hitter. Some of these things are true, and important to the lesson the 23-year-old Cody Reed is currently trying to learn from 28-year-old former teammate Dan Straily. Some of these things are also not true.
It's true that the league throws more fastballs. In those counts, fastball percentage goes up to 64% from 57% overall. And the OPS on balls in play in one-oh and two-oh counts is a hefty .978. But when it comes to predictability, it's not as easy to say anything prescriptive.
Cody Reed averages 93-plus from the left side, which is like 94-plus from the right. Their sinker gets two inches more fade and three inches more drop than the average lefty sinker. He's got a really nice hard slider that got above-average whiffs last year. Their changeup doesn't look great by movement, but it got above-average whiffs. The fastball and slider, at least, are major-league worthy.
Reed also gave up twelve homers in ten starts and had an ERA over seven last year. But they know what they want to work on. “My change is one thing I'm working on,” the lefty said in camp on Tuesday. “I got into counts where I couldn't throw it. I wasn't confident enough to throw it.”
They had a role model on their team last year that showed them the way forward. “I'd love watching [Dan] Straily pitch,” Reed admitted, despite the veteran's slower fastball. “He'd go 2-0 and boom, flip a change in there, and he's back in the count. I couldn't do that.”
Last year, Straily talked about maturing from a thrower to a pitcher, and one of the things they talked about was this predictability, this ability to throw anything in any count.
Predictability has been something Straily has been thinking about, too. “A couple of years ago I figured out that I was like 87% fastball at 2-0,” the righty said. “I was wondering why I was getting hit so hard, so I started throwing different things.” The change has been minor, but it has helped. He's now throwing fastballs 73% of the time in those counts, or 190th-most out of the 303 pitchers who have had 20 or more 2-0 counts.
Reed must have hung out with the veteran, because they echoed the now-Marlin this week in Arizona. “You have to be able to throw anything for strikes in any count, and that's where I struggled. I'd get to two-oh and have to throw my fastball and then I get hurt. Guys in the major leagues are supposed to do stuff like that.”
At first glance, Reed's predictability has hurt and Straily's unpredictability has helped, but continue scanning down this table and you'll see that it's not so simple.
Outcomes by Predictability in Hitters Counts Pitcher Hitter's Count Fasball% Hitter's Count BA Hitter's Count OPS Cody Reed 74.2% 0.550 1.340 Dan Straily 65.0% 0.297 0.959 League Average 63.8% 0.375 0.978 Top 10% FB% 88.7% 0.370 0.971 Bottom 10% FB% 34.9% 0.383 1.009 Hitter's counts = one-oh and two-oh for the purposes of this study; Top-ten FB% is top-ten pitchers by hitter's counts fastball percentage, minimum 75 such fastballs.
Yes, Reed was more predictable, and yes, their outcomes were worse. But there are a ton of caveats.
It looks like being completely unpredictable is worse for you than being average, but that's probably not true. Because when you never go to your fastball in fastball counts, you're predictable, just in a different way. Perhaps it's best to be closer to league average, so that hitters can't tell that you're different from other pitchers.
And closer study would want to account for the quality of the fastball from a velocity and movement standpoint. Aroldis Chapman may want to go to the fastball in a two-oh count and let's not be the ones to tell them to do any different.
Lastly, location within the zone matters. There's a constant struggle for any batter to cover the inside and outside parts of the plate. If you were living on the outside, and not getting the calls, going inside with the fastball could be unpredictable even if it was a fastball in a hitter's count.
There's no better illustration of that last adage than Reed himself. Take a look at their four-seam fastball location in neutral and pitcher's counts (left) and in hitter's counts (right). That's real predictability on the right.
Good hitters swing more than bad hitters in two-oh and one-oh counts, and Reed was offering them a very predictable fastball away. And they were offering more fastballs than most pitchers do in the same counts.
Good news is, they know it. “My last two outings here, I was down, and in and out and in and out,” they said. “I'm a low three-quarters slot and throwing it in, it's a tough pitch for the hitter because it feels like it's going into them,” Reed said of throwing inside to righties. “It's always more comfortable to throw arm-side,” they admitted, “but if you always throw away, then bang.”
He's responded by working on fastball command inside, throwing the slider inside, and working on the changeup. “I threw my changeup for ground balls,” they said of their last two spring starts. Maybe Reed's changeup isn't that great. “I'm 93-96 and my changeup is 88, I wish it was 84-85,” they admitted. But just throwing it will help them the third time through the order, and in hitter's counts, so he's working on their confidence with the pitch.
That can be tricky in the spring, though. “Spring Training is Spring Training, but I'm also trying to make the team, so I don't want to give up so many hits, but I have to work on stuff,” the lefty said. That said, the team understands this dichotomy as well as the player, and Reed nodded. “Against the Royals, I threw some changeups that got hit, but at least I was throwing them for strikes,” they said, and they figured the team would appreciate the effort on the pitch, too.
Last year in camp, Joey Votto said Reed had the “nastiest stuff,” and there's a lot to that. But there's also a lot more to the dance that is to being a good major league starter. Whether or not Reed can translate their tools to success may depend on hitting the inside corner, and trusting a meh changeup.
As a FanGraphs reader, you're probably familiar with Brian Bannister. The former big-league right-hander — and current director of pitching analysis and development for the Boston Red Sox — has been featured here numerous times. Bannister has previously expounded on back-up sliders, spin rate, spin axis and more. Today, the subject is changeups.
———
Bannister on changeups: “The term changeup is actually somewhat deceiving. It's traditionally been taught to be a pitch that is simply slower than your fastball. If you look at the pitchers who have the best changeups, and who have had the most success at the big-league level — the Felix Hernandezes and Zack Greinkes of the world — one, they're hard, and two, they have a lot of movement. Pitchers who simply try to take speed off the changeup ultimtely fail with the pitch. That helps make the name a contradiction.
“The manipulation of the pitch is a very personalized process. There isn't any right or wrong way to develop depth on a changeup. You can remove spin. You can flatten out a spin axis. You can have a lower arm slot than on your fastball. You can have a different finish, after the fact, like a Tyler Clippard. There are multiple variables you can mix in to create a deceptive pitch, and to add depth to the pitch.
“Every pitcher is going to be unique. There are multiple tools, as a pitching coach or as a pitcher, that you can adjust in order to create more depth. It's going to be unique to the pitcher's body type, to their athleticism, to their finger and hand size.
“There are two variables. It's a lack of spin or it's a flatter spin axis. Both contribute to gravity having a greater pull on the pitch, which ultimately leads to depth. It's similar to a two-seam [fastball] that way. When you can reduce the amount of backspin on the ball, you're reducing its perceived rise.
“Pedro Martinez used to squeeze their index finger really hard, because it naturally curls the other fingers. When the fingers are shorter, it creates less spin. That helps create more depth, because with less spin, gravity pulls on the ball more. Tom Glavine used to take their index finger and squeeze the outside of their thumb, which did the same thing. It tightened up their fingers, so they were able to spin the ball less.
“When you see Greinke or Clippard… even Pedro used to do it. He'd finish on the first-base side of the mound on their fastball. He'd finish on the third-base side on their changeup. A hitter doesn't have time, once the ball is released, to see what side of the mound the pitcher is going to finish on. What they were doing was adding more depth to their changeup when they did that.
“With splitters, you're reducing spin, but I think the good ones also have more of a horizontal element. They have more of a tail. Whether that's hooking a seam with your index finger… look at Koji Uehara, for example. He's got excellent horizontal movement on the pitch. It's beneficial to have that as well as vertical depth.”
“There are just so many ways to go about it. That's why it's such a fun pitch. There are so many elements you can play with, and there's not one right or wrong. You're just trying to get to a productive final result.”
Star Trek was anything but cheap. The first pilot for NBC, "The Cage," racked up quite a bill. It cost $630,000, the most expensive total for a pilot at that point. That production value is part of what makes the sci-fi series hold up so well — timeless, really.
Still, that is not to say the producers weren't thrifty. Props were reused, like the Nomad robot from "The Changeling," which returned in later episodes, recycled as both another robot (M4) and a Romulan cloaking device. A Desilu Productions work, Star Trek also made frequent use of the company's Forty Acres backlot. The idyllic downtown on the lot was most famous as being the fictional town of Mayberry. Thanks to this, we are left with some shots of Kirk and Spock wandering in the footsteps of Andy and Don. It's the stuff of fan fiction.
The Forty Acres lot was used in four-Star Trek episodes — "Miri," "The City on the Edge of Forever," "The Return of the Archons" and "A Piece of the Action" — but Mayberry can best be seen in first two. Up top, you can see William Shatner and Joan Collins going for a stroll outside of Floyd's barber shop in "The City on the Edge of Forever."
"Miri," on the other hand, gives us a glimpse of what Mayberry might look like in the post-apocalypse. This shot of the dilapidated Bartlett Stables in "Miri" shows what was once the stomping ground of Opie. Check out a shot by shot comparison.
Another notable structure is Walker's Drugstore.
The Enterprise crew explores all over this eerie Mayberry.
"Miri" is scheduled to air on MeTV on November 14. Andy Griffith fans will want to set the DVRs on record. The town is in better shape in "The City on the Edge of Forever," as you can see as Kirk and Spock explore.
Of course, Forty Acres being a Hollywood facility, the location was used in many other shows and movies. You can even spot it in other MeTV Super Sci-Fi Saturday Night series. Check out the Batmobile whipping through Mayberry.
As congressional Republicans try to pass an unpopular plan that would roll back the Affordable Care Act (ACA) and cause an estimated 22 million Americans to lose their health insurance, a House bill to expand the publicly-funded Medicare program from just senior citizens to every American is picking up record support — and not just among the usual progressive suspects but also from conservative Southern Democrats.
First introduced in 2003 by Rep. John Conyers, a Michigan Democrat and Congress's longest-serving member, the Expanded and Improved Medicare for All Act (HR 676) would provide every US resident with free medically necessary care including primary care and prevention, dietary and nutritional therapies, prescription drugs, emergency care, long-term care, mental health services, dental services and vision care.
It would be paid for with existing health care funds and by raising personal income taxes on the top 5 percent of income earners, instituting a progressive excise tax on payroll and self-employment income, and taxing unearned income and stock and bond transactions. US Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vermont), who advocated for single-payer insurance during their unsuccessful 2016 presidential run, has said they will introduce similar legislation in the Senate following the vote on the Republican ACA rollback plan.
Medicare for All has the backing of numerous medical groups such as the American Nurses Association, the American Public Health Association and the American Medical Association's student branch. Other groups that have endorsed it include the Consumer Federation of America, the League of Women Voters and the US Conference of Mayors.
During the last Congress, Conyers' bill picked up 62 cosponsors, all Democrats. Seven months into this Congress, it already has 113 cosponsors — a majority of the 193-member Democratic caucus.
That surge in support has come amid a public debate over health care that's shifted the politics leftward. For example, a recent national survey by the Pew Research Center found that 60 percent of Americans now say the federal government should be responsible for ensuring health care coverage for all and 33 percent favor a single-payer approach like Medicare for All — up by 12 points since 2014 and 5 points just since January.
“I have never seen more enthusiasm and energy behind this issue than what I'm seeing today,” Conyers said in a statement. “I will keep introducing this bill as long as it takes because access to health care — not just health insurance, but quality, affordable care — is a universal right, not a privilege for those who can afford it.”
Blue Dogs Sign On
The Medicare for All bill has long had strong support from Conyers' fellow Congressional Black Caucus members and House progressives, and it continues to pick up new support among liberal and centrist Democrats.
For example, Rep. David Price of North Carolina's 4th Congressional District — a safely Democratic district that includes parts of Raleigh and Durham and all of Chapel Hill — signed on as a cosponsor for the first time on April 3. That was less than a month after they told a constituent at a local town hall meeting where health care was a leading concern that now was not the time to press the single-payer option. Price spokesperson Lawrence Kluttz explained the lawmaker's change of heart.
“Congressman Price co-sponsored the so-called Medicare for All bill in direct response to a request from their constituents; they also feel that it's important to signal their support for universal health care,” Kluttz told Facing South. However, they noted, Price doesn't believe the proposal is feasible under GOP leadership and intends to focus on defending the protections of the ACA.
Though Medicare for All might not be feasible right now, it's starting to win over a tough crowd: conservative Democrats from red states in the South.
Of the bill's 113 current cosponsors, four are members of the conservative Democrats' Blue Dog Coalition. Two of them — Mike Thompson and Lou Correa — represent districts in California, which has been leading the state-level push for a single-payer health program, though the proposal was blocked recently by the Democratic leadership.
The other two Blue Dogs cosponsoring Medicare for All are from the South. Vicente Gonzalez, who was elected last year to represent South Texas' 15th Congressional District, signed on on April 17. Jim Cooper, who has represented Middle Tennessee's 5th Congressional District since 2003 and who served its 4th Congressional District from 1983 to 1995, signed on on April 25. Both seats are considered safely Democratic.
Neither Gonzalez nor Cooper released official statements announcing their cosponsorship. A spokesperson for Gonzalez's office said on background that the member of congress signed on after hearing concerns about health care from older constituents, while Cooper's office did not immediately respond to a request for comment. But conditions in their districts and states, both of which declined to expand Medicaid under the ACA, offer clues as to why they might see a need for Medicare for All.
Gonzalez's district stretches from east of San Antonio south to the Mexican border and is 80 percent Hispanic. Between 2013 and 2015, with the ACA in force, the number of uninsured residents there dropped by 13 percent, but 205,000 still lacked health coverage, according to the State Health Access Data Assistance Center (SHADAC). The Republican health care plan would result in an additional 105,000 district residents losing coverage, an analysis by the Center for American Progress (CAP) found.
The population of Cooper's district, which includes Nashville and communities west of the city, is over 23 percent black compared to 17 percent of the state overall. The number of uninsured district residents dropped by over 22 percent between 2013 and 2015, but more than 92,000 still lacked health insurance, according to SHADAC. Under the current Republican health care proposal, the number of uninsured in the district could grow by 79,600, CAP found.
Cooper, who has called the GOP health care bill “a national tragedy,” has not always been a progressive on health care. In 1992, they were the co-author of a bipartisan health care reform plan that excluded employer mandates compelling universal coverage. Hillary Clinton, who at the time was leading a White House health care reform initiative as First Lady, strongly opposed the measure.
GOP Goes on the Attack
Other Southern Democrats who've signed on to the Medicare for All bill for the first time this year is Kathy Castor, Ted Deutch, Al Lawson and Darren Soto of Florida; Bennie Thompson of Mississippi; GK Butterfield of North Carolina; and Gene Green and Marc Veasey of Texas.
They join veteran Southern cosponsors Alcee Hastings and Frederica Wilson of Florida, Hank Johnson and John Lewis of Georgia, John Yarmuth of Kentucky, Alma Adams of North Carolina, Jim Clyburn of South Carolina, Steve Cohen of Tennessee, Al Green and Sheila Jackson Lee of Texas and Bobby Scott of Virginia.
Physicians for a National Health Plan (PNHP), which advocates for the Medicare for All proposal, has unveiled a list of likely and potential cosponsors. It includes two Blue Dog Democrats from the South, both representing Georgia: Sanford Bishop, who has served southwest Georgia's 2nd Congressional District since 1993, and David Scott, who has represented suburban Atlanta's 13th Congressional District since 2003.
The other likely Democratic cosponsors as identified by PNHP are Terri Sewell of Alabama, Lois Frankel of Florida, Cedric Richmond of Louisiana and Eddie Bernice Johnson of Texas.
PNHP also identifies 19 potential Republican cosponsors, four of whom are from the South: Carlos Curbelo and Ileana Ros-Lehtinen of Florida, Will Hurd of Texas and Barbara Comstock of Virginia. While Curbelo voted for the House ACA repeal bill, the other three voted against it.
For Comstock, for example, taking a more progressive stance on health care could be a political survival strategy in Northern Virginia's increasingly moderate 10th Congressional District, where Clinton won 51 percent of the vote in last year's presidential race. While the possibility of GOP lawmakers embracing Medicare for All might seem remote, another recent poll found that 40 percent of Trump voters and 46 percent of Republican voters overall support expanding Medicare to all Americans.
As the single-payer approach has gained popularity, the GOP has taken steps to discredit it. Earlier this month, the party's Senate campaign committee launched Web ads against the 10 Senate Democrats up for re-election in states that Trump won, warning of “government health care” if they win. And the National Republican Congressional Committee has promoted a CNN interview in which Randy Bryce, an ironworker who's challenging Speaker Paul Ryan for their Wisconsin House seat, was pressed about their support for a single-payer plan and the taxes it would require; the interviewer did not mention that Medicare for All would actually save money for 95 percent of US households.
In the meantime, the Republican Party continues to struggle to win support for its own health care plan. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky was unsuccessful in their efforts to take a vote before the July 4 recess, allowing time for concerned voters to reach out to their representatives at home. While they can afford to lose only two of their 52 Republican senators, 10 GOP senators have said publicly that they oppose the bill in its current form. They include Rand Paul of Kentucky, Ted Cruz of Texas and Shelley Moore Capito of West Virginia.
The following general rules apply to all Ocarina of Time puzzles:
- Crooked Cartridge (or any physical tampering with the game) is not allowed.
- Gameshark/Action Replay (or any hacking device) is not allowed.
- A puzzle starts from a new file and ends when the goal is met while following the puzzle's criteria.
- Unless explicitly stated in the puzzle's rules, all version exclusive tricks/glitches are allowed.
- Unless explicitly stated, any version of The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time is allowed.
- The Legend of Zelda: Ocarina of Time Master Quest is a separate game and cannot be used.
- Tool Assistance such as savestates and slowdowns are not allowed.
- Only non-rerecording Emulators are allowed to be used for a final video submission.
- The entire puzzle must be recorded in any manner without pauses/breaks from start to finish.
- A DVD recorder is the ideal method of recording, but a video camera or even webcam is allowed too.
- The completed video must be uploaded to Youtube (preferably private) for my review.
- In the event multiple people solve the puzzle, the first video submission will be the winner.
- Cheating, Tool Assistance, or Splicing is strictly prohibited. If a submitted solution is found to contain any of that, it will not be accepted. If you're thinking about cheating, cheat detection methods are more sophisticated than ever. One method to detect splicing besides observing simple game mechanic discrepancies is detecting frequency skips where a splice occurs. Additionally, hacking and Tool Assistance with non-rerecording emulators is obvious to spot. Just don't even try to cheat.
For the past few years, I've been convinced that Gerard Butler, Clive Owen, and Anna Faris are all in a contest to see which super-likable actor can ruin their career by choosing horrible projects the fastest. Gerard Butler may have just taken a slight lead with Playing for Keeps (co-starring Jessica Biel, pictured below, for obvious reasons), which is currently tracking 0% fresh on
…flat, hacky, unfunny dreck… with an uncomfortably flagrant misogynistic streak. -Christy LeMire, AP
“Playing for Keeps” isn't content just to be a generic romantic comedy. nstead, not only is it not funny and not particularly romantic, it treats women like idiots. the script, by Robbie Fox, is lazy; characters disappear for long stretches (who can blame them?), only to show up again when some ridiculous plot contrivance requires it. Simply put, it's a mess. –AZ Central
…a sloppy, poorly focused comedy –ReelReviews
You don't often find a romantic comedy that has no idea what it's supposed to be doing. –NOWToronto
The story is surprisingly – almost painfully – hackneyed, with the fine cast giving consistently one-dimensional turns. It is perplexing as to how such an unambitious, paint-by-numbers work got made. Actually, it is not even a current paint-by-numbers effort, because most contemporary romances involving once-connected-now-separated couples are a bit more sophisticated and worldly. –Austin Chronicle
Butler's latest putrefying corpse is “Playing for Keeps,” a movie that answers the question: Is it possible for a sex farce and a family drama to be one and the same movie?
The answer is no. Contrived and phony from beginning to end. –St. Paul Pioneer Press
At the end of this embarrassing movie, you feel that the director has not only wasted the talents of half a dozen good actors, but has also wasted vast amounts of money–and our own precious time. –Emmanuel Levy
…a mushy-headed vehicle for what are supposed to be a lot of high-voltage star turns. Nothing much makes sense, but look at all the celebrities. –Canada.com
Having given Greer a pity screw and let Zeta-Jones wrap those Entrapment legs around their neck, Muccino insists the audience take George at face value when they assure Stacie—while she's at the final fitting for the dress they intend to wear while marrying Mr. Safe Choice, like, tomorrow—that they were always the only one for him. Playing for Keeps (which went into production under the title Playing the Field, and the disparity between the two says everything about the movie's emotional dissonance you need to know) is knee deep in “don't hate the player, hate the game” territory, no more so than when George nearly loses it all in the 11th hour because of the one woman they didn't f*ck. -Slant
The former president of the Haitian Senate excoriated Hillary Clinton and their embattled family foundation following the release of emails that reveal how senior Clinton Foundation staffers coordinated with top Hillary Clinton State Department officials to give special access to “FOB” (Friends of Bill Clinton) in the wake of the deadly 2010 earthquake in Haiti.
Shame on Hillary Clinton and their foundation for even thinking about profiting off of the humanitarian crisis in my country,” wrote Bernard Sansaricq, former president of the Haitian Senate, in a press statement.
“As my people were dying, Hillary was abusing their position as Secretary of State and prioritizing access to what the State Department viewed as a ‘gold rush' for their wealthy donors in exchange for exorbitant speaking fees and large donations to the Clinton Foundation,” Sansaricq wrote, referencing a leaked diplomatic cable, where Haiti relief efforts were described as a “gold rush” for government contractors and aid groups.
The new emails, which the Republican National Committee obtained through Freedom of Information Act lawsuit, and published by ABC News, highlight how former senior State Department official Caitlin Klevorick coordinated with Clinton Foundation director of foreign policy Amitabh Desai to prioritize requests coming from Clinton friends and donors to their troubled foundation.
“Need you to flag when people are friends of WJC,” wrote Klevorick in one email.
Hillary Clinton has spent nearly two years denying allegations of corruption and favoritism while they were secretary of state, those allegations first reported by Clinton Cash author and Breitbart News Senior Editor-at-Large Peter Schweizer.
The new emails, however, provide further contradictions to the Clintons' claims that then-Secretary of State Clinton did not grant favors for Clinton allies and Clinton Foundation donors.
“I think when you look at both the State Department and the Clinton Foundation in Haiti, that line was pretty faint between the two,” Jake Johnston, a Haiti research analyst at the Center for Economic and Policy Research told ABC News. “You had a lot of coordination and connection between the two, obviously. And I think that raises significant questions about how they were both operating.”
“Hillary Clinton is so deep in the pockets of special interest groups and wealthy donors that they have admitted she's ‘out of touch' with what the American people need, and this latest revelation again calls into question whether or not they were born with a working moral compass,” Sansaricq's statement concludes.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter @jeromeehudson.
Mexico's government has announced that Presidents Enrique Peña Nieto and Donald J. Trump spent Friday morning on the phone and agreed to not discuss wall payments in public.
In a prepared statement issued by Mexico's federal government, Peña Nieto's team claimed that both heads of state understood their shared public differences and agreed to discuss the heated issue as part of an “integral discussion” in relation to their bilateral partnership.
The telephone conversation dealt with the issues of trade deficit, international friendship, and both nations working together to stem the flow of drugs and weapons, the Mexican government revealed in their statement. Both presidents told their staff to continue discussing bilateral issues.
Mexico's about-face comes one day after Peña Nieto had cancelled their trip to Washington after claiming that their country would not pay for a border wall. One of the first actions that President Trump took upon taking office was to sign an executive order ordering construction and the toughening of border security and enforcement measures.
The White House issued a similar readout Friday afternoon:
United States President Donald J. Trump and Mexican President Enrique Peña Nieto spoke by phone this morning for an hour. The call was mutually arranged by their teams. The two had a productive and constructive call regarding the bilateral relationship between the two countries, the current trade deficit the United States has with Mexico, the importance of the friendship between the two nations, and the need for the two nations to work together to stop drug cartels, drug trafficking and illegal guns and arms sales.
With respect to payment for the border wall, both presidents recognize their clear and very public differences of positions on this issue but have agreed to work these differences out as part of a comprehensive discussion on all aspects of the bilateral relationship. Both presidents have instructed their teams to continue the dialogue to strengthen this important strategic and economic relationship in a constructive way.
The measures ordered by Trump would make drug trafficking and human smuggling activities exponentially difficult for Mexican drug cartels. As Breitbart Texas as reported, Peña Nieto has been accused of receiving campaign funds from operatives with Mexico's Juarez Cartel. Peña Nieto's close associate, Humberto Moreira, who was the governor of the border state of Coahuila and the president of the Revolutionary Institutional Party (PRI) during Peña Nieto's 2012 campaign, has been implicated in international courts as having been a surrogate of the Los Zetas cartel.
Ildefonso Ortiz is an award winning journalist with Breitbart Texas. They co-founded the Cartel Chronicles project with Brandon Darby and Stephen K. Bannon. You can follow them on Twitter and on Facebook.
Tony Aranda contributed to this report.
A 17-year-old Mexican YouTube star known as the Pirate of Culiacán was shot to death after reportedly insulting a cartel leader, The Washington Post reported.
Juan Luis Lagunas Rosales, known for controversial videos that showed them drinking mass amounts of alcohol despite being underage, was shot to death in a barrage of bullets while partying at a bar in Jalisco on December 18, The Washington Post reported. They reportedly are shot between 15 and 18 times. While the identities and motive of their killers remains unclear, the Post reported that authorities have confirmed they are investigating whether there's a link between the shooting and a recent video in which Lagunas Rosales allegedly insulted a known drug lord.
According to The Washington Post, Lagunas Rosales posted a video recently in which they seem to insult Nemesio Oseguera Cervantes, also known as El Mencho. Cervantes is reportedly the leader of the New Generation Cartel of Jalisco. Lagunas Rosales reportedly said “El Mencho a mí me pela la verga," in the video, according to El Pais, which translates roughly to "suck my c*ck." According to the New York Post, the shooting happened shortly after the video was posted. Rolling Stone called the New Generation Cartel Mexico's "fastest-growing and deadliest cartel." Rolling Stone also reports Lagunas Rosales had invited their followers to join them at the bar in a video before the shooting.
According to Rolling Stone, the Mexican newspaper Periodico Supremo wrote about the video that may have resulted in Lagunas Rosales's death, “Así firmó su trato de muerte," which translates to "Thus they signed their deal of death."
In the first 10 months of 2017, there were 20,878 recorded murders in Mexico, according to Reuters. At the time, this year was on track to see more violence than 2011, the deadliest year on record, since the government started publishing this data 20 years ago.
Related: U.S. Border Agents May Be Illegally Blocking Asylum Seekers From Crossing the Border
In an inexplicable move, Coca-Cola Ireland has omitted a scene depicting two men marrying from a new advert, which is part of a Europe-wide campaign.
The new advertising campaign, titled Reasons To Believe, is based on the concept that for every negative moment in life, there are many more positive ones taking place. In the main version of the advert – or rather, the version which is being used in other European countries – there is a scene where two men have just been married, and are surrounded by friends and family. In the Irish version of the new advert, however, no such scene exists.
To compare, below are the Dutch, Norwegian and British versions respectively of the new Reasons To Believe advertisement. The fourth video embedded is the version for Ireland.
This is the Irish version of the same advert:
Coca-Cola is one of the major sponsors of the controversial Sochi Winter Olympics, and the multinational company has already faced pressure from LGBT pressure group All Out for their involvement with the games, although the company decided to maintain the status quo despite meeting members of All Out to discuss LGBT rights in Russia.
At the time of writing (Saturday night) Coca-Cola Ireland's offices in Dublin were closed, and therefore no comment could be obtained regarding the differences in the adverts. This story will be updated on Monday morning.
–
Hat tip to Wolfgang Schmitt
UPDATE: Dec 30: This story has been updated, showing the Coca-Cola spokesperson's statement to be untrue.
UPDATE @ 19:20: Since our article this morning, TheJournal.ie this afternoon has quoted an unnamed spokesperson for Coca-Cola as saying that the omission was because Ireland still only has civil partnership, whereas they quote the United Kingdom as having equal marriage.
This, however, is untrue, as only two of the four countries within the UK – i.e. England and Wales – have equal marriage. The other two, Scotland and Northern Ireland, still only have civil partnership, yet the British version of the advert is being shown in both of those countries as well, so does not seem to us as being “relevant and valid for its own market[s]“.
From displaying works by local artists to hosting neighborhood meetings with political leaders, Reservoir Hill newbie Dovecote Cafe, which opened in December, has already started to make a significant impact on the community at large.
In addition to highlighting up-and-coming artists, authors, and musicians, the space will now serve as a showcase for local culinary talent, thanks to a new pop-up series launching next week.
“We, as a cafe, are all about small-batch anything,” says co-owner Aisha Pew. “There are so many talented chefs in the area that don't have the capital to have their own restaurant, or they're working on someone else's line and not getting the promotion that they need.”
Dovecote's reoccurring “Chef Takeover Series” begins next Sunday, March 13, and will continue with special dinners on the second Sunday of every month. For each installment, a new chef will take over the space, serving a four-course menu and altering the furniture and décor in the dining area to fit their vision for the meal. (Some chefs will opt for traditional seating, while others will serve communal, family-style dinners.)
The inaugural pop-up will showcase the skills of Heather Smith, a private chef who has taught nutrition and culinary arts in the Baltimore City Public School system. Diners can look forward to a wide array of global-fusion dishes on their specialty menu, which includes fare like smoked turkey borscht, African sweet potato soup, potato-crusted whitefish, roasted sweet pepper risotto, and wine and amaretto-poached pears.
Pew says that, because the cafe closes at 3:30 p.m., the new series is an ideal way to make use of the space during evening hours.
“We're the only commercial space in the community,” they say. “There are no big restaurants or vintage boutiques, so it's exciting to be able to provide such an essential experience for our neighbors.”
Since its debut, the cafe has made community outreach its main priority, attracting support from diners who have come from as far as Philadelphia to browse its art exhibitions and snack on the signature sweet and savory pies.
“We're a community first and a cafe second,” Pew says. “We know that what makes a neighborhood is a place that people can gather and interact and connect. It's not about the fancy coffee, it's about the story behind the coffee, and knowing how your neighbors take it.”
To read more about Dovecote, pick up a copy of our April issue, on newsstands March 25.
BEER SHEVA, Israel — Nineteen Yemeni Jews are adjusting to life in Israel after a covert airlift brought them here in March, marking the end of their struggle to survive as a tiny minority in the crosshairs of hate amid the fighting in Yemen's brutal sectarian civil war.
Most brought almost nothing with them for the long journey, but Sulaiman Dahari, a rabbi from northern Yemen, had proudly carried a duffel bag containing their community's 800-year-old leather Torah scroll. As they showed it to The Daily Beast, they recited the Shehecheyanu prayer, which marks blessed and unexpected events.
“We have nothing left from our homes in Yemen,” said Dahari, speaking, like many of their Yemeni Jewish countrymen, in an ancient Hebrew dialect. The 2,000-year-old community had maintained its religious identity by reciting and memorizing religious Hebrew and Aramaic texts, and classes were held even in recent years, when only a handful of children attended.
Dahari said that when they met with representatives from the quasi-governmental Jewish Agency, which reportedly worked with the U.S. State Department to arrange the group's travel out of Yemen, Dahari asked that Israel provide “the help that we need in order to hold onto our traditions and also to reunite with our brothers.”
The 17 Yemeni Jews who arrived on March 20 joined two other Yemeni Jews who had been flown in previously, according to the Jewish Agency. In Israel, Dahari is joining family members who are among the 200 Yemeni Jews who have trickled in over recent years, but Israel is also home to an older Yemeni population of roughly 350,000. They are the descendants of the 50,000 Jews brought in during Israel's “Operation Magic Carpet” in 1949 and 1950, when riots in the Yemeni port city of Aden after the creation of the state of Israel left more than 80 Jews dead and Jewish-owned shops destroyed.
Violence against the Jews erupted again after the Arab Spring ouster of Ali Abdullah Saleh in 2012. They were an autocrat who had ruled Yemen for 33 years, but they had also served as a special guardian to the Jewish community, appearing frequently on state TV with rabbis. In 2007, they facilitated the relocation of the Jews of Saada to the gated enclave near the American Embassy known as Tourist City in the capital after they were expelled by Houthis.
The group of recent arrivals who are being put up in an immigrant absorption center here in the southern Israeli city of Beer Sheva said that life had become unbearably frightening in the shadow of radical Islamic terrorism spreading through Yemen. For more than a year, the country's civil war brought chaos and strengthened groups who may be fighting each other but also find time to turn on the Jews. Iranian-backed Houthis rebels operate under the slogan, “Death to America, death to Israel, curse the Jews, victory to Islam.” The so-called Islamic State as well as the Yemeni branch of al Qaeda known as al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP) have also benefited from the power vacuum in Yemen.
The 19 Yemeni Jews who arrived in the past month include 14 from the northern town of Raydah, once home to Souq al-Yahud, a thriving Jewish market, and a family of five from the capital of Sanaa. Both cities currently are under Houthi control.
Yemen's Jewish community was once vibrant and well organized, and prided itself on being the largest and oldest in the Arab world, consisting of religious scholars, teachers, and community leaders who celebrated Jewish life publicly. But today, the handful of Jews left in the country pull back their side locks so as not to be recognized on the streets as Jews.
“There were many cases of kidnappings of Jews, and many people ended up staying within the small, low-rise houses of the Jewish quarter, afraid to go outside,” said Natan Roee, a historian and representative from the Jewish Agency. They added that the country's Jews have for many years been subject to discriminatory laws that forbade them from wearing new or good clothes or from carrying the traditional daggers which they are famed for carving.
Some 40 or 50 Jews remain in Yemen who have refused the Jewish Agency's offer to move. The newly arrived group was not allowed to speak of the details of their own journey lest they endanger those who stayed behind. Nonetheless, on March 24, the Jewish Chronicle reported that a Jewish Yemeni man and a Yemeni airport employee were arrested by authorities due to the publicity surrounding the 800-year-old Torah scroll, which Yemeni authorities said had been illegally smuggled out of the country.
“Those who stayed wanted to tend to their families, or to see if they could wait to sell their homes or properties at a better price,” said Dov Levitan, an expert on Yemeni Jewry and professor at Bar Ilan University. They said that the Jews of Yemen have for decades met animosity from their Muslim neighbors, “But when people ask why the Yemeni Jews didn't come earlier, it could also be connected to the ‘Jewish syndrome'—the hope that better times could still come.”
In retrospect, that does sound like cockeyed optimism. In 2008, militants detonated a car bomb outside the U.S. Embassy in Yemen's capital of Sanaa, killing 16 people, and three months later, a lone gunman shot a Jewish teacher in Raydah. In 2012, Yehiya Zindani and their 53-year-old father Aharon visited the nearby market to buy vegetables, when they were approached by a Yemeni Muslim who accused Aharon Zindani of practicing witchcraft. The man stabbed them from behind in the neck and stomach and four hours later Aharon Zindani succumbed to their wounds in hospital.
“The killer said that they were going to go to the Garden of Eden because they had killed a Jew,” said Yehiya Zindani, one of the new arrivals. They added that although the killer was imprisoned after the attack, it is unclear if they are still locked up or roaming free, “since the war has turned everything upside down.”
Like many of their fellow travelers, Yehiya Zindani said they were thrilled to be in Israel and see families publicly celebrate Jewish holidays.
“We only celebrated our holidays there quietly; there we were prisoners,” they said.
Beyond the anxieties and security problems, however, 18-year-old Zion Dahari, said that they made the choice to leave for Israel four years ago, after many of their friends had made the trip, because of economic reasons. “I want to study, find the right job, and build a life,” they said.
But coming here has also required a cultural adjustment, they said, explaining that Yemeni families often marry off their children as teenagers, and Yemeni women are expected to maintain their modesty by covering their hair in a headscarf, or, sometimes, their whole faces except the eyes, in a full niqab.
While the Jewish Agency has announced that it would continue to help any individuals who would choose to come to Israel, it also said that this was likely the last group.
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who welcomed the group in Jerusalem, said, “For many years we have thought about bringing you, and with God's help it is over.”
President Trump, sitting next to U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley, speaks during a working lunch with ambassadors of countries on the U.N. Security Council and their spouses at the White House on April 24. (Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post)
Will President Trump and congressional Republicans ever understand one another? Over time, they might accomplish things of mutual interest. Big things, perhaps. But the mismatch between the disrupter president and what has been a business-as-usual, do-little Congress seems especially evident as the 100-day mark of the administration nears.
The president came to Washington on a mission to shake up the status quo. They prize big and bold action and, absent that, a little showmanship. They want to make this week one of the best of their short tenure, so he's loading up with activities that will keep them visible and in motion. But as of Monday, they have no legislative accomplishment to pin on their wall and the prospects for changing that this week are mixed at best.
No wonder Trump is dissatisfied and impatient. Congress has been mired in status quo politics for years. Now, even with a president of their own party and majorities in the House and Senate, congressional Republicans have been stuck. Trump tries to prod Congress to act, not always forgiving of why things move slowly. Congressional leaders try to educate the president on the limits and culture of the legislative process.
The past few days have highlighted the disconnect between the two ends of Pennsylvania Avenue. Trump wants to tell the world that they have begun to change Washington and the country big time, that they are moving the government in dramatically new directions. Their advisers are armed with talking points to prove it — steps that highlight movement on campaign promises on immigration and trade and business regulation.
To really make good on their promise to change the status quo, however, the president needs help from Congress. They and congressional Republicans suffered an embarrassing setback this spring when House leaders pulled the bill to replace the Affordable Care Act. Trump would like to see the House approve a bill to do that this week. Officials continue to push for that to happen.
(Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
The message from Congress at the beginning of this big week could not be more prosaic or uninspired. House Speaker Paul D. Ryan (R-Wis.) indicated over the weekend that the first — and perhaps only — priority for the House this week will be the funding bill, and that health care can wait for a week or a few weeks, if necessary. These funding battles have tied up Congress in the past and in 2013 led to a partial shutdown of the government. Congressional leaders know the damage a shutdown would inflict and want nothing to get in the way of resolving remaining differences.
But the message sent is anything but what Trump would want. Instead of dramatic action, instead of acting on one of the president's big priorities, it's possible that the most Congress might accomplish by the president's 100th day in office is another compromise funding agreement, or perhaps merely a short-term continuing resolution that would keep the machinery of government running while negotiations continue. If the House were to take up health care and pass a bill in the next few days, that action could have a big effect on how the week ultimately is judged.
[Showdown looms over funding for border wall]
Trump is doing little to make Ryan's job easier on the funding battle. They want money for their famous border wall included in the legislation to keep the government funded. The wall is one of Trump's signature issues, and one especially important to their base, so they are loath to get to this 100-day symbolic marker of their presidency without evidence that they have made progress on acquiring the funds to get it started.
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus tried to signal Sunday on NBC's “Meet the Press” that funding for “border security” was the avenue for a possible face-saving way to keep the government from being shut down. But amid whatever quieter negotiations are underway between lawmakers and White House officials, the president continues to interject themselves in all the ways for which he's become famous.
They tweeted twice on Monday about the wall. “The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)!” they wrote. “If the wall is not built, which it will be, the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be! #BuildTheWall.”
Hours later, they tweeted about health care. “If our healthcare plan is approved, you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down. ObamaCare is in a death spiral!” About that time, White House press secretary Sean Spicer was briefing reporters, noting that health care will come to a vote when House leaders determine that they have the votes to pass it. In other words, no promises when.
(Jenny Starrs/The Washington Post)
Trump also disrupted their own team when, on Friday, they declared that they would put their tax plan into public view this week. What's coming appears likely to be little more than principles, rather than proposed legislation. Those principles might not go any further than the tax plans they proposed during the campaign. It will be more motion without real action.
That's the difference between the presidency and Capitol Hill. Trump likes to say things and sign things. And so, day after day, surrounded by aides or people from the outside, they make announcements, or they put their signature — in big strokes — on official documents, whether executive orders or presidential memorandums. These orders are not without impact, symbolically and eventually practically. They sign them and moves on. They will sign more this week ahead of the 100-day mark.
[Inside Trump's obsession with cable TV]
The legislative process doesn't comport with their approach to governing. There are subcommittees and full committees, hearings and testimony, and eventually the marking up of legislation. Then there is the process of rounding up votes and holding together what has proved to be as fractured a House majority as existed before Trump arrived. House and Senate versions must be reconciled after each chamber has acted. Only then can Trump affix their signature to real legislation.
It can be slow, slow, slow, as the framers intended. It was not made for the age of Twitter or 24/7 cable punditry, and certainly not for the era and impulses of President Trump. Perhaps they will reconcile themselves to the realities, but first they are trying to prod and poke and make clear their displeasure at the pace of things.
Ryan and the president remain at odds, as they've been since Trump became the Republican Party's presidential nominee last year. They have mutual interests but competing responsibilities, and sometimes competing ideas and priorities. They are as different as they can be, a wonky conservative House leader and a skim-the-surface president with views that range indifferently across the ideological spectrum.
But this is more than a personality difference. The disconnect between the speaker and the president is in microcosm the gap between a president who took down the establishment in both parties last year and lawmakers in the branch of government that most symbolizes what they ran against. Trump hasn't mastered Washington or Congress, and congressional Republicans haven't mastered him. That much is known at the beginning of this notable week.
President Trump informed Russian officials in an Oval Office meeting last month that they fired FBI Director James Comey, who they called “a real nut job,” The New York Times reports.
“I just fired the head of the FBI. They were crazy, a real nut job,” Trump said during the March 10 meeting, according to notes taken by White House officials.
“I faced great pressure because of Russia. That's taken off,” Trump continued, adding that, “I'm not under investigation.”
Trump had fired Comey the day before the meeting, which was held with Russian foreign minister Sergey Lavrov and Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak. The White House initially claimed that Trump made the move on the recommendation of Attorney General Jeff Sessions and Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein. Rosenstein had written a letter dinging Comey for their handling of the Hillary Clinton email investigation.
A U.S. official read notes taken of the conversation to The Times' reporters. Another government official confirmed Trump's general comments, according to the newspaper.
Trump's comments provide further evidence that they fired Comey because of the investigation into possible ties between their campaign and the Russian government.
White House press secretary Sean Spicer did not dispute the contents of the notes from the Oval Office meeting.
“By grandstanding and politicizing the investigation into Russia's actions, James Comey created unnecessary pressure on our ability to engage and negotiate with Russia,” Spicer told The Times.
“The investigation would have always continued, and obviously, the termination of Comey would not have ended it. Once again, the real story is that our national security has been undermined by the leaking of private and highly classified conversations.”
Trump's comments about Comey are not the only controversial remarks they made during that meeting. They also discussed classified information about ISIS's plans to use laptops to blow up airplanes. Some members of the intelligence community became alarmed by those remarks because they were concerned Trump may have revealed sources and methods of intelligence gathering.
Follow Chuck on Twitter
The number of state liquor stores finishing the year in the red is on pace to fall nearly 80 percent compared to five years ago.
Liquor Control Board officials tweaked store hours, adjusted inventories and even turned down the thermostats to cut costs at unprofitable stores, said Dale Horst, director of retail operations.
In July 2009, 51 wine and spirits stores lost about $680,000, a number the LCB cut 78 percent to 11 stores that were losing about $124,000 collectively as of March 31, the most recent month data was available.
Larger, successful stores subsidize the losses, allowing the LCB to post nearly $2.2 billion in sales last year, a 4.5 percent increase from the previous year.
“We looked at every facet of the stores' operation,” Horst said, including working closely with store managers to lower expenses and negotiating with landlords to lower rent.
Lawmakers who want to privatize part or all of the system watch the LCB's operations closely. The agency controls the wholesale and retail sale of wine and spirits at more than 600 stores across Pennsylvania.
“They are operating it more like a business, but they're only doing it because they're afraid of privatization. It's all about self-preservation,” said Steve Miskin, spokesperson for House Majority Leader Mike Turzai, R-Bradford Woods, a champion of privatization.
Gov. Tom Corbett's staff and lawmakers are trying to negotiate a plan that garners the support needed from the House, which passed a bill to turn alcohol sales over to private businesses in March 2013, and the Senate, where support is mixed. Both chambers are controlled by Republicans.
Horst said better budgeting was vital to turning stores around. Before 2009, individual store budgets did not exist.
“We literally build individual store budgets from the bottom up (now),” Horst said. “The agency always had a budget, but it was a large umbrella budget. It did not get down to the line items of each store.”
Store managers are involved in building the budget and sticking to it throughout the year.
“There's been a change in the attitudes and cultures in those stores, and (they are) running it like their own business,” Horst said.
Jackie Ault, 55, managed the state store in Saxton, Bedford County, for three years before they transferred to another store last month. They helped the store open a fourth day each week and receive an extra shipment truck each month.
“The store's part of me,” Ault said. “And the customers — I just love them down there.”
Ault knows that their shoppers, many of whom are camping and boating around Raystown Lake, want Arbor Mist frozen wine pouches, pre-mixed margaritas and bottles of Bacardi rum.
“You just gotta get rid of the stuff that doesn't sell,” they said. They said they would transfer a few bottles from a nearby store instead of ordering a case of products that aren't best-sellers so that store capital wasn't tied up in extra inventory.
The Saxton store is very seasonal, so although it was about $4,200 in the red as of March 31, it's expected to be close to breaking even, officials said.
“We are, by law, obligated to serve all citizens of Pennsylvania,” Horst said, so officials do everything they can to avoid closing stores.
Horst has trimmed hours off slow days or closed stores a few days each week.
Since 2009, five stores closed entirely following an analysis of lease and operating costs, demographic trends for those over 21 and the location of the nearest state store, said LCB spokesperson Stacy Kriedeman.
Many unprofitable stores are in rural areas with no outlets nearby, so they are left open as a customer service.
“We also looked at — what can we do to sell an extra bottle a day?” Horst said. “In some of these little stores, selling one extra bottle a day will turn it profitable.”
Gary Zychowski, 57, the manager and sole employee of the state store in Knox, Clarion County, said that making one customer angry could lose the store hundreds of dollars, they said.
“It's a fine line between profitable and not profitable,” Zychowski said. “Every bottle's important.”
Zychowski said their store was “slightly unprofitable” when they became manager in August 2010, but small changes helped turn the store around.
Turning down the thermostat to about 52 degrees overnight and when the store is closed saves money during winter months, they said. They try to keep the store as clean as possible and does their best to accommodate customers' requests.
“Being a small store, our shelf space is very limited,” Zychowski said. “Basically everything on our shelves is because people have asked us to get it.”
For products that their store doesn't carry, they said they arrange transfers from nearby stores.
“It's a reflection of me,” they said. “I'm the only one here.”
Kari Andren is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. They can be reached at 724-850-2856 or kandren@tribweb.com.
We've covered the strange world of gachapon toys on this site before. They are those vending machines that spit out an item in a plastic egg, and any bank of gachapon machines in Japan is sure to have a few bizarre offerings. Twitter user @dradon3 recently spotted this mystifying toy depicting the Statue of Liberty feeling free enough to let it all hang out. Says the ad copy, “Be free from all restraints that bind you.”
The various poses of the Lady (Taking a) Liberty, clockwise from the top:
– The Temptress Lady
– The Bridge Lady
– The Three-fingered Bow Lady (center)
– The Reclining Lady
– The Jamming Lady
– The Shy Lady
It's not really clear why these toys would be on sale in Japan, but according to the poster, Lady Liberty walked all the way from America, so it must have been important to them
Source and images: My Game News Flash
0.000000 0.000000
Reddit 18 Email 97 Shares
By: Sharon Aron Baron
The employees at a Coral Springs gas station said a man that was trying to hold them up for money last Monday night was using their finger to pretend they had a gun under their shirt.
The call came into dispatch around 10:48 p.m. from a silent alarm at the Speedway gas station at 4150 State Road 7 after a thin white male in their 20's with a light beard, tattoo on their arm, and dark baggy pants tried to hold them up using their finger under their shirt. One of the clerks pushed the suspect and was able to feel that they didn't have a weapon. Believing there wasn't really a gun, the clerks pretended there wasn't any money in either register. When they realized they aren't going to be getting any cash, the suspect grabbed a handful of scratch-off lottery tickets from the dispensing machine behind the counter before fleeing.
The area was soon flooded with patrol and K-9 officers from the Coral Springs, Margate and Coconut Creek Police Departments who joined together setting up a perimeter to search for the suspect.
Around 11:04 p.m., a Coconut Creek Police Officer attempted to stop the suspect on a bicycle. Coral Springs Police Officer Kenny also attempted to stop the suspect in their patrol car, however, they continued to ride their bike away from the officers and crossed West Sample Road into the Coral Landings Plaza and West Sample Road which was a little over half a mile from the gas station.
At 12:02 a.m., a 911 caller told dispatch that about 40 minutes earlier, they saw a man fitting that same description at the Poinciana Apartment Complex at 5980 West Sample Road. At 12:47 a.m., Coral Springs Police K9 Bandit located the suspect hiding in the shrubs to the rear of Bonefish Mac's Restaurant. They struck Bandit's head multiple times with this right arm, and was then detained by Officer Kenny.
The suspect was identified as 27 year-old Keith Worley of North Lauderdale. They yelled at the officers and told them that the only reason they avoided them was because they had warrants. Worley was charged with multiple counts, including striking a police dog, and was taken into custody and transported to Broward Health Coral Springs for medical clearance.
Sharon Aron Baron is the Editor of Talk Media and writer for Coral Springs Talk. CST was created in 2012 to provide News, Views and Entertainment for the residents of Coral Springs, Parkland and the rest of South Florida.
Russia, China Block Another U.N. Resolution On Syria
JACKIE NORTHAM, BYLINE: I'm Jackie Northam in Washington. Today at the U.N., Russia and China vetoed a Western-backed draft resolution that warned of sanctions against the Syrian regime unless it complies with a peace plan.
This is the third time those two countries have used their veto power to block a resolution on Syria. Britain's U.N. ambassador, Mark Lyall Grant, called the decision by Russia and China appalling, and said it would lead to further bloodshed in Syria.
MARK LYALL GRANT: By exercising their veto today, Russia and China are failing in their responsibilities as permanent members of the Security Council, to help resolve the crisis in Syria. They are failing the people of Syria. The effect of their actions is to protect a brutal regime.
NORTHAM: Russia, a longtime ally of Syria, and China have consistently opposed sanctions against the Assad regime, saying all parties in Syria are responsible for the violence. Speaking through an interpreter, Russia's envoy, Vitaly Churkin, called the draft resolution biased.
VITALY CHURKIN: The Western members of the council spoke today with unacceptable statements. They could have done something - anything - to promote dialogue between the Syrian parties; to prevent the further militarization of the Syrian crisis, rather to fan the flames of extremists, including terrorist groups.
NORTHAM: The draft resolution included a provision to renew the mandate of the U.N. monitoring mission in Syria. The military monitors were deployed last April. with the task of overseeing the implementation of the peace plan authored by special envoy Kofi Annan. But they have been in lockdown for more than a month because of the increasing violence in Syria. After today's vote, Britain said it would draft a new resolution, extending the mission for another 30 days. But a spokesperson for President Obama said the U.S. does not support extending the mission.
Jackie Northam, NPR News, Washington.
Copyright © 2012 NPR. All rights reserved. Visit our website terms of use and permissions pages at www.npr.org for further information.
NPR transcripts are created on a rush deadline by Verb8tm, Inc., an NPR contractor, and produced using a proprietary transcription process developed with NPR. This text may not be in its final form and may be updated or revised in the future. Accuracy and availability may vary. The authoritative record of NPR's programming is the audio record.
Prof. [Anita] Elberse looked at data for online video rentals and song
purchases, and discovered that the patterns by which people shop online
are essentially the same as the ones from offline. Not only do hits and
blockbusters remain every bit as important online, but the evidence
suggests that the Web is actually causing their role to grow, not
shrink.
Here is the summary article. Here is the Elberse paper. Here is Chris Anderson's response. Overall I cannot call this one for Elberse. If you take a genre as given, the web looks less revolutionary but part of the long tail is the creation of new genres. We have blogs now, for instance, and we didn't fifteen years ago, even though blog readership is quite concentrated among the top sites. Or maybe the "Quickflix rental distribution" isn't so skewed to the left (the least-rented titles aren't so popular) but where were Quickflix, Netflix, and other such services fifteen years ago?
Static estimation by deciles and related measures is often misleading since in part the "long tail" effect is to make the top deciles thicker than before, not necessarily to raise the status of the bottom decile relative to the top. In their response, Chris Anderson nails this point:
The best example of this is in what they describe as a growing
"concentration" of sales around a relatively small number of
blockbuster titles. In the Rhapsody data, they find, the top 10% of
titles (out of more than a million in that data sample) accounted for
78% of all plays, and the top 1% account for 32% of all plays. That
sounds pretty concentrated around the head, until you reflect, as they
notes, that "one percent of a million is still 10,000–[…]equal to
the entire music inventory of a typical Wal-Mart store."
Nor does showing that most of the sales are in the top of the distribution refute the claim. Arguably it is the middle tail which is suffering and the long tail, and the best sellers, are growing in import. That seems compatible with Anderson's core thesis. The long tail hypothesis may be oversold but the data in the Elberse piece don't really dent it.
Elberse wants to define the Long Tail hypothesis as claiming there is
more money to be made in the niches than in the blockbusters; while I believe you might find a quotation to that effect from Chris Anderson the more
general idea is simply how important the niches are
becoming. Elberse concedes a lot at one point:
It is undeniable that online commerce has significantly broadened
customers' access to products of all varieties, including the most
obscure. However, my findings suggest that it would be imprudent for
companies to upend traditional practice and focus on the demand for
obscure products.
You could have rewritten that as "The Long Tail hypothesis is basically true, just don't sell to the Long Tail alone." On that we should all be able to agree.
A member of the French armed forces stands guard as commuters make their way to work in Paris's La Defense business district on Monday. (Simon Dawson/Bloomberg News)
It was another terrorist attack, years ago now and an ocean away in Boston, that awakened a debate about the panicked rush to judgment about who may be guilty and what may have gone wrong.
In the frenzied, chaotic moments after the 2013 Boston Marathon bombings, we knew only one thing: "We" had to find those responsible. Thus began a high-stakes online scavenger hunt that, though well-intentioned, was ultimately doomed. Internet users combing through clues fingered the wrong suspect, 22-year-old Sunil Tripathi, putting them through what one remorseful reddit user would later call "hell." The media ran with the suspicions and hounded Tripathi. They were later discovered dead of an apparent suicide in a Rhode Island river. The real perpetrators, of course, were Tamerlan Tsarnaev and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev.
There's a similar rush to judgment going on right now in the wake of the Paris attacks, though it has little to do with identifying the perpetrators. In this case, the shootings have sparked a factually murky debate over what technology the terrorists used to communicate to each other and whether governments have enough powers to monitor those channels. Some lawmakers and officials have again criticized tech firms for developing messaging apps that use encryption technology and safeguard people's privacy.
But in fact, it turns out we do not have clear knowledge about what technologies the terrorists used. Indeed, several French outlets reported last night that a smartphone recovered near one of the massacre sites was not encrypted at all.
Only weeks ago, the White House gave up on pursuing laws that would make it easier for police to break through the encryption that safeguards many online communications. But in the days after the Paris attacks, high-ranking federal officials have reopened the debate. Momentum is being thrown back in favor of officials who have urged stronger police authority, some on Capitol Hill said.
"As a privacy advocate," Rep. Blake Farenthold (R-Tex.) said in an interview Wednesday, "this couldn't come at a worse time."
On Monday, for instance, during a speech at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, CIA director John Brennan directly blamed encryption for hindering anti-terrorism efforts.
"There are a lot of technological capabilities that are available right now that make it exceptionally difficult, both technically and legally, for intelligence and security services to have the insight they need to uncover it," Brennan said. "And I do think this is a time for particularly Europe, as well as here in the United States, for us to take a look and see whether or not there have been some inadvertent or intentional gaps that have been created in the ability of intelligence and security services to protect the people that they are asked to serve."
The media has played a role in this, too.
Hours after the attacks in Paris, Forbes quickly pointed to remarks by a Belgian official who said that Islamic State militants use the PlayStation 4's chat functions as a way to communicate securely. The article also mentioned that a Sony PlayStation 4 was recovered in a police raid connected to the Paris investigation.
That report was later undermined by the real facts — that no PlayStation 4 had been collected and that the Belgian official had been talking about the use of PlayStation technology generally by terrorism suspects.
But it was too late. Reports spread across the news industry tying the PlayStation to the attacks (there is a second wave of stories sweeping the Internet trying to undo the damage).
On Tuesday, the chairperson of the Federal Communications Commission suggested that one of the "specific things" Congress could do in response to the Paris attacks would be to revisit the nation's wiretapping laws. The chairperson, Tom Wheeler, even cited the now-debunked reports on the Playstation 4's involvement in the incident, another sign of how the media has played a role in shaping the current policy atmosphere in Washington.
One congressional staffer I spoke to afterward told me that there's "a lot of energy and interest" in acting on the chairperson's idea.
"It seems like the media was just led around by the nose by law enforcement," said a senior government official who works on technology issues and requested anonymity because they were not authorized to comment on the issue. "Law enforcement is taking advantage of a crisis where encryption hasn't proven to have a role. It's leading us in a less safe direction at a time when the world needs systems that are more secure."
In the wake of any attack, there is always the pressure to do something, anything. Doing nothing until the facts are clear is the politically difficult choice, even if it may be the correct one. The pressure to expand government surveillance predated the Paris attacks. But to the extent that the government now has renewed momentum for those efforts, it's hard to deny that the mainstream media shares some of the responsibility.
Staff Writer Andrea Peterson contributed to this story.
What if your pajamas could tell you how well you slept? That's the dream of startup Nyx Devices, which has developed a nightshirt embedded with fabric electronics to monitor the wearer's breathing patterns. A small chip worn in a pocket of the shirt processes that data to determine the phase of sleep, such as REM sleep (when we dream), light sleep, or deep sleep.
Sweet dreams: The Somnus sleep shirt has embedded fabric electronics to monitor respiration.
“It has no adhesive and doesn't need any special setup to wear,” says Matt Bianchi, a sleep neurologist at Massachusetts General Hospital and co-inventor of the shirt with Carson Darling, Pablo Bello, and Thomas Lipoma. “It's very easy—you just slip it on at night,” says Bianchi, who has no formal role with Nyx Devices.
When people with sleep disorders spend the night in a sleep lab, they are hooked up to a complex array of sensors that monitor brain activity, muscle activity, eye movement, and heart and breathing rate. Nyx's Somnus shirt dramatically simplifies this by focusing only on respiration. “It turns out that you can tell if someone is awake or asleep and which stage of sleep they are in purely based on breathing pattern,” says Bianchi. “That's a much easier signal to analyze than electrical activity from the brain.”
During REM sleep, the respiratory pattern is irregular, with differences in the size of breaths and the spacing between them. Breathing during deep sleep follows an ordered pattern, “like a sine wave,” says Bianchi. “And the breath-to-breath differences are very small.” The lighter stages of non-REM sleep fall somewhere in between. “The motivation behind the shirt is to allow repeated measurements over time in the home,” they add. Users can log their habits, such as coffee or alcohol intake, exercise, or stress, and look for patterns in how those variables affect their quality of sleep.
Analyzing sleep stages based on respiration is still considered experimental. But Bianchi is now testing the device on patients who come to their sleep clinic who are also assessed using standard technology, known as polysomnography. The team will soon begin home tests of the shirts to further validate its use outside of the lab. The company hopes to have a commercial product available by summer of 2012 for less than $100.
The shirt is part of a growing number of devices that people can use to monitor sleep at home. The simplest, including an iPhone app, use accelerometers to measure movement, giving a rough gauge of when people fall asleep and wake up. A more sophisticated consumer device that monitors electrical activity from the brain and muscles, called the Zeo, came on the market two years ago.
While Nyx envisions the shirt as a consumer product, Bianchi wants to use it for their patients. Bianchi's previous research has shown that people with insomnia often underestimate how much they sleep, so they want to determine whether giving them an objective way to measure sleep will help them reassess their condition and improve quality of sleep. “It will be a game changer for my clinical practice,” they say. “There are zero objective tools available to physicians to assess insomnia.”
Seth Rich was 27 when they were killed on a dark street in a sketchy neighborhood in the nation's capital last July. They have become world-famous in the past month because their corpse is being used as a proxy in the war over the reputation of Donald J. Trump. Enraged media figures on the Right who believe Trump is being unjustly accused of colluding with Russia have turned to the Rich story to offer their audiences an alternate potential crime to chew on—one in which they can hint at the possibility that Democrats had one of their own killed.
Seth Rich's murder is being used as counter-programming.
Rich's grieving family is begging the counter-programmers to stop. They are pleading with media giants like Sean Hannity to stop peddling insinuations about Rich's murder that paint this young man—who was by all accounts a golden boy—as a felonious leaker. Their pleas seem only to be hardening the determination of Hannity and others to keep going.
Hannity has devoted a considerable portion of their show in the past week to “raising questions” about the story. They have been joined in the fray by Newt Gingrich, one of Trump's most reliable defenders and counter punchers. Gingrich is perhaps nostalgic for the days back in 1994 when they made headlines for suggesting a woman who had drowned their two sons proved that the country needed to vote Republican in the midterm elections that year to save itself from moral degradation.
What are these “questions” Hannity and Gingrich are raising? Well, Rich was working at the Democratic National Committee when they were killed, and the crime is still unsolved, and the DC police claim it was a botched robbery doesn't hold up because Rich's wallet and watch weren't taken.
It is terrible that the crime is still unsolved, but everyone knows Washington has a famously lousy police department. 20 percent of the city's murders go unsolved, according to a 2013 study by NPR, and 48 percent of its burglaries. And it doesn't take much to imagine how the crime went down—a robber came up behind Rich, inadvertently pulled the trigger on the gun they were brandishing, and fled in terror rather than rifle through Rich's pockets.
That scenario is vastly more plausible, and more humane, than the conspiracy theory that has animated the fever swamps of the Right for 10 months. According to that theory, Rich was the victim of a political hit after someone “discovered” they were the person who had provided Wikileaks with the DNC emails that showed the committee had tilted unfairly to Hillary Clinton at Bernie Sanders's expense.
This theory alleges that the late Seth Rich committed a felony by stealing their employer's confidential information and providing it to a nefarious actor that is—at best—the unwitting catspaw of an authoritarian government in Moscow. It should go without saying that defaming a dead man by asserting they were killed for doing something criminal is a great evil.
Second, this theory suggests someone at the DNC or with the Hillary campaign hired a hitman to kill Seth Rich because Rich “knew too much” or “couldn't be allowed to talk” or whatever other ridiculous clichés straight out of a third-rate spy movie you want to employ. I'm no fan of former DNC chief Debbie Wasserman Schultz but even the suggestion they might have been a party to murder is so far out of bounds there aren't even good similes or metaphors to capture how far out of bounds it is.
This is why various bizarre hangers-on from the far-right fever swamps got involved in the case and offered to engage private investigators for the Rich family—which was understandably frustrated by the lack of progress in the DC police investigation. Those efforts culminated with a deranged story last week on the Washington-based Fox affiliate featuring revelations from a so-called private investigator—a food-safety worker who was some kind of DC police officer before they were fired two decades ago. The next day, this guy retracted their own allegations and said they had gotten all their information from a Fox reporter.
That foul game of two-way telephone is what galvanized the conspiracy theory anew, and brought us to this sorry pass.
For ten years, Seth Rich was a camper and a counselor at the summer camp my daughters now attend. Its director, Jacob Cytryn, had this to say about Seth after their death: “His intelligence, charisma, and emotional openness made them someone you wanted to like you and someone you wanted to be like. They were one of the great campers, an exuberant, roofball-playing, teenage mutant ninja turtle-dancing, light-and-sound-board-controlling platinum blond kid from Omaha with a massive heart and a brain and a soul to match.”
Those who have no evidence that they were anything but the person Cytryn portrays them as and are instead portraying Seth Rich as anything else—those people who didn't know them and have no interest in them other than their utility as Trump counterprogramming—should know only shame.
If I look back at the first times I discussed the important graph of the top quark versus W boson mass, nine years ago, I am amazed at observing how much progress we have made since then. The top quark mass in 2005 was known with 2-3 GeV precision, the W boson mass with 35 MeV precision, and we did not know where the Higgs boson was, or if there was one.Today, the top quark mass is measured with a 770 MeV uncertainty and the W boson mass with a 15 MeV uncertainty. That alone is a reduction of a factor of 10 in the allowed phase space of those two parameters; but crucially, we no also know the Higgs mass with a 0.5% accuracy. This leaves very little space for the true parameters of the standard model. On the other hand, if the SM were to be enlarged to a minimal version of Supersymmetry, then the theory predictions would blow up considerably, as the MSSM allows much more freedom to those parameters as others (like squark masses) are varied.The summary of the experimental situation is shown in the graph below, which Sven Heinemeyer produced today for this blog (thanks Sven). The graph summarizes calculations produced by Heinemeyer and their colleagues Hollik, Stockinger, Weiglein and Zeune. In the graph the horizontal axis shows possible values of the top quark mass, in the very restricted range allowed by the latest world's best CMS measurement; the vertical axis shows values of the W boson mass, in an even narrower range in absolute terms, thanks to precise measurements of that quantity performed by LEP2 and the Tevatron experiments. The experimental determination of those two parameters is symbolized by a grey ellipse which encompasses 68% of their probable values.Then if we stay within the standard model, the Higgs boson mass measurements by the CERN experiments (+-0.7 GeV) force the two parameters to be bound to lie within the very narrow red line; if instead we take the MSSM as the true underlying theory, the whole green area is possible; different points of this area correspond to different value of other parameters (here a more liberal variation of the Higgs mass is taken, to cover more possibilities). The downward arrow symbolizes that as one increases the "mass scale" of the MSSM the allowed region moves closer to the SM line.Note that in this graph the grey ellipse and the red line are the only experimental inputs; there is no "LEP indirect" oval here, as this would be too wide for the graph. In other words, the precision electroweak information from the Z boson studies of the nineties has become largely irrelevant in this particular view (it remains a formidable input to verify the general agreement of SM and data, if one studies other parameters).So, what should we carry home from this graph ? I believe at least two things. One, that the SM likes the W mass to be a bit lower than what is currently measured, and the top quark to be a bit higher; the tension is however only mild -we are talking about just a bit more than one standard deviation for the disagreement. Two, that the MSSM is not killed by these measurements - it would live on regardless of the precise values of W and top masses, as the breadth of the green area shows.Oh, and a third thing - the experimental measurements of these quantities rock!Other considerations can be made, but I will stop here for tonight. Tomorrow I will be on a train at 6 in the morning, to participate in a 2-day open discussion organized by INFN in Rome, called "WHAT NEXT". A very interesting discussion on the long term plans of italian research based on the current status of particle physics, astrophysics, cosmology, and other fundamental investigations. I will have something to report on that later on...
"Businesses are job creators, so we can't [tax them more, regulate them to protect consumers or the environment, etc. etc. ad nauseum]"...
This is a self-serving post hoc rationalization by those who own or run businesses, and the legislators and public officials who depend on them for campaign contributions. It is reliably invoked every time the possibility is mentioned of raising taxes on these people, who by and large are the wealthiest among us, in order to scare the electorate into believing that this class of people makes its hiring decisions based upon how much they are taxed (they don't). It is invoked no matter how much money businesses are already sitting on (collectively about $1.6T at the moment for corporate America, which is somewhat less than the Iraq and Afghanistan wars combined have cost us, to date). It is invoked no matter how low their tax rate already is (the lowest in about 60 years, they tell me). It is a post hoc rationalization, because it is invoked only after business owners have decided they simply don't want to pay any more in taxes, and want to make sure that they have friends in high public places who will insure that they don't have to. Therefore, they need an argument that will sway the opinions of those who don't own or run businesses but who (a) vote and (b) need jobs.
Business is good for society. A healthy economy is known by a thriving business climate. Many, many positive things can be attributed to businesses, but there is one property that a business owner can never claim: businesses (and by extension those who own businesses) do not create jobs, and never have.
What businesses create are profits for their owners. That is their function, and there is nothing inherently wrong with that, so long as they are making an honest profit and not doing it by externalizing their costs for others to pay, or by exploiting workers or consumers. But businesses do not create jobs. Demand for what a business sells – that's what creates jobs, or at least, it can. Only if there is unmet demand in the market for what a business sells will the business owner(s) contemplate hiring someone to help fill the demand, but that's not the first thing they will try. This can be understood by reference to the fact that labor costs are nearly always the biggest drain on the bottom line profitability of a business. Indeed, all the incentives line up against hiring someone for a real, decent-paying, full-time position with adequate benefits unless all other options for meeting unmet demand have first been exhausted. And there are plenty of options for the business owner.
First, they will try to increase the productivity of their existing work force. Higher quotas, longer hours. Then they might turn to technology – automation, software, and such, to boost productivity. If that's not sufficient and they need more actual human labor, they may try to outsource that labor abroad, where it costs much less. Failing that, they will take on temps, hire people as independent contractors, and/or hire only part-timers to avoid having to pay benefits. They will push out older, more experienced workers to offset the cost of younger new hires.
If, and only if, all of these options (and more I have not mentioned) have been exhausted, and there remains unmet demand in the market which the business can profitably satisfy, then a business owner might create a job or jobs. Real, full-time, living-wage jobs with benefits. And – surprise! – these jobs will last just as long as that demand does. And once demand fluctuates back downward (an inevitability of the business cycle), here come the layoff pink slips. This calculus and no other are responsible for job creation, and applies not only to entrepreneurs or existing businesses, but also those looking for investment opportunities in the business world. Indeed, hiring someone is less an act of “job creation” by business owners than an act of investment in the likelihood of future profitability.
To top it all off, if a given business is incorporated, the directors in fact are legally bound by a fiduciary duty to behave in exactly this way, if doing so is in the best interest of the company (which is defined as return on shareholder investment, i.e., profitability).
The argument is also absurd in terms of tax policy, which coincidentally is the primary forum where this myth rears its ugly head (the others being discussion of regulations on business). A business that has to pay more in taxes is by definition a business that is making more profits. By definition, it's a good problem to have. Given all the ways that businesses can write off expenses, if after exhausting all of them a business owner still has a substantial tax liability on the profits, it can only mean that there are substantial profits being made in the first place. Continuing to complain about the tax burden in such circumstances, especially using such a disingenuous argument as the “job creator” myth, is evidence simply of greed and a contemptible aversion to giving something back for the upkeep and improvement of the societal structures and institutions that made that business owner's success possible in the first place.
Psychologically, it's also evidence of narcissism, specifically the portion of that character flaw that posits an inflated sense of self-importance. What I mean is, the “job-creator' myth goes hand in hand with the “self-made man/woman” myth indulged in by those who amass fortunes in business that would not have been possible without the contributions of the society they live in - contributions that are paid for by everybody via taxes. Some examples of these might include roads, free public education, state-subsidized college, a stable currency, public safety officers, and a judicial system. All of these things and many more make it possible to operate a successful business in this country; without them businesses and the economy cannot possibly thrive (see Somalia for evidence of this). But there are those who are psychologically incapable of crediting the contributions of anyone but themselves for their success in business. This is one side of the famous Fundamental Attribution Error, a cognitive bias in reasoning and attribution that finds its ultimate expression in the detestable pseudo-philosophy of Ayn Rand so popular among Republican politicians and CEOs. There is no such thing as a self-made man. I have never yet failed to be able to demonstrate that this is true, no matter whose name is offered. Certainly, success in business requires the business owner to work hard, and I'd never say otherwise. The fallacy lies in the assumption that the hard work of the successful business owner is not only necessary to achieve success (it is), but by itself sufficient (it isn't).
To recap: Businesses don't create jobs. Demand creates jobs. Money in people's pockets creates demand.
I know I'm preaching to the choir here, and the ideas I'm presenting are hardly original even on these pages. If you're reading something in this diary that sounds like a regurgitation of something you wrote, or have read here before, you're probably right, and I'll gladly update link back to anyone's work on this topic that predates this diary. What's different this time is the urgency and salience of the topic. John Boehner is about a week and change away from crashing the full faith and credit of the United States of America, and probably the world economy along with it, and is justifying doing so by invoking this stupid, and demonstrably false argument, with a straight face no less. Folks, he's getting away with it. This “job creators” rhetoric is crystallizing as the conventional wisdom, even among Democrats, at precisely the time when real, reality-based, job creation initiatives are desperately needed and being ignored. We can't let that happen. It's time for progressives, Democrats, and people with calculators to start pushing back on this argument aggressively every time and every place it is offered.
WOW. This is my first DK diary in years. I watched it scroll off the FP last night with 16 comments and figured, "well, that's that." I crawl out of bed today to find it on the rec list with my mojo mug overflowing. I'm humbled. Thanks, everyone, for stopping by to read, comment, and share.
GAH!!! There they go again!!! Just today, when asked for comment on Mitch McConnell's plan to punt responsibility for raising the debt ceiling to President Obama, Boehner just couldn't resist the tempatation:
Michael Steel, spokesperson for Boehner, confirmed that the House speaker is aware of McConnell's plan.
"The Speaker shares the Leader's frustration," they said in an email. "Republicans are unified in our commitment to ensuring that the debt limit is not used as leverage to saddle small businesses with increased taxes that destroy jobs
Source - HuffPo: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/...
My dear mother is a sweet, supportive, 66-year-old white woman from rural Kentucky. I love them without hesitation. Yet, on a daily basis, both as a journalist and an activist, I confront white privilege, white supremacy, and the devastating effects of systemic racism in our country and around the world. Out of necessity, though, I have always been forced to be nuanced and carefully parse how I approach my feelings about white people in general, in great part because I've always had this wonderful white woman, who first taught me to stand against racism, as one of the essential pillars in my life.
On many occasions, after some horrible incident of racism or bigotry or police brutality in America, or the failure of our justice to truly hold white people accountable for those wrongs, I've been in the room with black friends or family when I've heard the phrase, "I hate white people." As pale as I am, people have no qualms saying it in my presence. I don't join in, but I understand. Whiteness is a problem. Since it was first created as a philosophy of domination in which color was used to give and take away access and privilege, it has always been a problem and always will be.
Yet we must always resist the urge to throw an entire race of people under the bus even if we truly despise whiteness or white privilege or white supremacy. It's an easy temptation to oversimplify our emotions into dangerous generalizations, but we must resist such urges.
I said all of that to build a bridge for something else I am about to call out. Like you, I watched in horror last night as I learned about the awful attack in Manchester at the Ariana Grande concert. I am appalled. At least 22 people were killed and ISIS is taking credit for the attack. This morning I began seeing the first images of the named victims, many of them girls the ages of my own four daughters. While we all are showing wonderful pictures of these sweet children and young adults, our unspoken understanding is that the carnage there in Manchester was severe.
We should all be upset at what happened in Manchester, but what happened there is no excuse to slide into Islamophobia. Whoever did this is no more a Muslim than those who lynched African Americans during Jim Crow were Christians. Wearing the garb of a faith no more makes you a follower of that faith than me wearing a Steph Curry jersey makes me a Golden State Warrior.
 At least 22 people were killed in Manchester and ISIS is taking credit for the attack. (DARREN STAPLES/REUTERS)
From the beginning of time, people have perverted religions to justify the worst possible behaviors imaginable. This man who decided to blow themselves up at the exit doors of the concert venue just as families exited was not a Muslim.
Suicide itself is forbidden in Islam. Well over a billion Muslims believe this. Murder, doubly so of innocent women and children, is forbidden in Islam. This is commonly understood and peacefully observed by everyday Muslims all over the world. These terrible, ignorant violent betrayers of Islam who blow themselves up in the names of causing such carnage are not Muslims. Their acts are fundamentally un-Islamic. They not only violate the letter of Qur'an, but violate the spirit of it as well.
This bastardization of Islam is not unique. One of the early ships in the Trans-Atlantic slave trade was actually known as the "Good Ship Jesus." The very people who were capturing, chaining, then selling human beings for a life of slavery saw absolutely no conflict of interest between such actions with their Christianity. Early leaders of the KKK, including those who lynched black bodies, were regularly deacons and church leaders. I've literally been called n----r on Twitter by actual people who describe their Christian faith in their social media bio.
Of all the friends I have, none are more consistently warm, peaceful, supportive, and kind than my Muslim friends. They are actual Muslims, though. In a day and age of fake news and fake politicians, perhaps nothing is more dangerous than fake Muslims and Christians — who cloak themselves in the accouterments of religion but do so for the asinine and insincere reasons.
It's sad that this must be said, but you must find a way to be angry at what happened in Manchester without hating Islam and its more than 1.5 billion adherents. Blaming all of Islam for what this idiot, or for what the few hundred other idiots like them have done, is not just simple, it's both dumb and dangerous. You are better than that.

Share List
Modern Vaping:
A Short but Interesting History
A Man Far Too Ahead of Their Time
Herbert A. Gilbert, a man whose name makes as much sense said backwards as it does forward, was obviously a dude who liked to have it both ways. This ‘having of the cake and also eating it' attitude had Herbert on the hunt for something that combined the joys of cigarette smoking, with none if the less desirable effects on health, hygiene and appearance.
This was the 1963, after all, when your doctor would treat your pneumonia while simultaneously blowing cigar smoke in your face. Non-smokers weren't to be trusted.
Herbert, an inventor and self-confessed man of logic, took inspiration from their aunt's bakery. While they compared smoking a standard cigarette to hovering your head above a burning fire, with ash, smoke and other particulates bombarding your lungs, their aunt's bread oven used heat activation to deliver the far more pleasant smell and sensation of baked bread. What if they could create a cigarette that worked like an oven, rather than a bonfire?
What Herbert managed to come up with is now recognised as the world's first ever e-cigarette. The device was referred to in its patent as ‘a smokeless non-tobacco cigarette' that worked by replacing burning tobacco and paper with heated, moist and flavoured air.
While it was granted a patent in 1965, the device came at a time when smoking was very much in vogue. The flavoured steam it produced, bereft of nicotine, wasn't particularly helpful in weaning smokers off of their habit, which hardly anyone was looking to do anyway. Herbert and their invention faded into the darkness without ever going into production.
Did Someone Say ‘Vape'?
The next foray into the world of e-cigarettes seems to have come in the late 70s, when Dr Norman L. Jacobson, a mysterious man whose entire legacy is confined to a couple of newspaper snippets, was reported to have completed a successful trial of nicotine vapour as a harmless alternative to smoking.
While the device through which the nicotine was delivered isn't pictured, what we do know is that it was developed by computer entrepreneur J. Phillip Ray, a man who appears to have left even less of a legacy than Dr Jacobson.
While the two-year trial didn't result in an e-cigarette for the open market (the leading theory is that the device was either bought or suppressed by the tobacco industry), it did give the world its first reference to the concept of ‘vaping' and ‘vapers'. Dr Jacobsen used these terms to describe the trial's participants and the activity that they were engaging in, making the trial the first recorded use of vapours as a cigarette smoke alternative.
Hon Lik and the Birth of the Modern E-Cigarette
Hon Lik, a Chinese pharmacist and inventor, was a heavy smoker. What may not have helped was that their Father was a heavy smoking before him. But the smokes had caught up with Dad, who was in the late stages of lung cancer.
One night in 2001, according to Hon, they dreamt that they were drowning in a deep sea. Suddenly, the water vaporised, and they became surrounded by a bright and colourful fog. Waking up the next morning, it came to him. Why not replace cigarette smoke with vapour?
Hon came up with a device that used a high-frequency, piezoelectric, ultrasound-emitting element to vaporise a pressurised jet of liquid that contained nicotine, creating a vapour that made the experience feel stunningly close to cigarette smoking.
While the device wouldn't be enough to save their father (although Mr Lik did get the opportunity to try it before they passed), it was enough to save Hon, who made the switch from 3 packs a day to a committed e-cigarette user.
The device entered the Chinese market in 2004, slowly gathering steam (or vapour, sorry) until the point at which Golden Dragon Holdings, Hon's employer and a company devoted to ginseng products, entirely changed its business model to be centred around Hon's new product. They even changed their name in 2007 to Ruyan, which quite literally means ‘resembling smoking'.
A tipping point came in 2006/07, when the US and European markets developed a taste for vape. The new trend exploded, and illegal copies of Hon's design flooded the market. As such, Hon hasn't seen much in the way of remuneration for their invention, although many larger e-cigarette manufacturers have compensated them in recent years under the threat of legal action.
In the last decade, the industry of vaping has grown exponentially. People have been won over by the benefits, and vaping is now seen not only as legitimate but as a better alternative to conventional cigarettes.
And it couldn't have happened without pioneers like Gilbert, Ray and Lik, who sound like a horrible 70s folk trio when their names are lined up like that. So charge your e-cigs, and give a cheers to these vape battlers, who laid the vaping path that many of us tread happily on today.
Danish climate commission report predicts the country could switch to renewables by the middle of the century
The falling cost of renewable energy and rising cost of oil and gas will allow Denmark to develop an energy network entirely free of fossil fuels by 2050, according to a report published by the government's climate commission.
The committee predicted that wind and biomass energy could meet the bulk of the country's energy requirements.
It also argued that switching to renewables would be cheaper than continuing to use fossil fuels, particularly if predictions of soaring oil and gas prices are borne out.
The report was welcomed by Danish wind turbine manufacturer Vestas, which said the research could help further bolster the country's position as a leading generator of onshore wind energy.
"The report will also send a very clear and important signal to other countries that wind is a sustainable source of energy for future development," said Vestas chief executive Ditlev Engel. "This is a great opportunity to solidify Denmark's reputation as a laboratory for green, CO2-free power technology solutions that are globally required."
The report recommended that the government immediately start devoting 0.5 per cent of the country's annual GDP to renewable energy investment in order to help achieve the 2050 target, resulting in a total spend of 17bn kroner (£1.9bn) by 2050.
The Danish climate and energy minister will now consider the commission's report ahead of the release of the government's official climate strategy proposal in November.
(Mashable) -- Facebook has begun testing face detection technology for Facebook Photos.
This is the first of what seems like a series of new features for its popular photo product.
The tests, which some users will see starting today [Friday], focus on decreasing the tediousness of "tagging" friends in Facebook photos. In the current Photos feature, users upload photos, click on each face in a photo, tag that photo with the friend pictured therein and continue the process until the album is tagged.
If you've got a large album or a lot of friends in a single photo, this process is inefficient and tedious. To solve this problem, Facebook has implemented face detection technology that will automatically find faces in photos and select them, eliminating one of the most tedious steps in tagging Facebook friends in photos. Your friends are already selected by the software -- all you have to do is answer the Facebook prompt, "Whose face is this?"
The technology is the same as the facial detection technology most digital cameras use today. While the tech itself may not be all that new, it is a clever and very welcomed addition to the Facebook Photos feature set.
The company also promises that face detection is merely the first of many improvements that they're trying out. It's also interesting that the post was written by Sam Odio, one of the co-founders of Divvyshot, which Facebook acquired back in April in order to improve the Photos product.
What other improvements and features do you want to see implemented in Facebook Photos? Do you think facial recognition -- that is, Facebook automatically knowing whose face is whose -- could be on the horizon? The company has a suggestion form for letting them know, but we also encourage you to share your ideas in our comments section below.
© 2013 MASHABLE.com. All rights reserved.
The Recreational Software Advisory Council (RSAC) was an independent, non-profit organization founded in the U.S. in 1994 by the Software Publishers Association as well as six other industry leaders in response to video game controversy and threats of government regulation.
The goal of the council was to provide objective content ratings for computer games, similar to the earlier formed Videogame Rating Council (VRC) and later Entertainment Software Rating Board (ESRB). The RSAC ratings were based on the research of Dr. Donald F. Roberts of Stanford University who studied media and its effect on children.
In 1993, senators Herb Kohl and Joseph Lieberman raised concerns over the levels of violence and other adult material appearing in video games which were available to children. Under threat of government regulation, industry groups like the Software Publishers Association (SPA), the Association of Shareware Professionals (ASP), and others had concerns about the intrusion of the government, and the costs, delays and subjective judgements of a review-committee-based system.
At the time, the largest trade group, the SPA had few members in the gaming field, but the ASP had many, and the two organizations decided to work together. Mark Traphagen (an attorney with the SPA)[1] and Rosemary West (ASP board member) appeared before Congress in the summer of 1994 in support of the SPA representation.
The SPA and ASP (and other industry groups) were opposed to an age-based rating system operated by a review committee as developed by the ESRB, which was proposed by several multi-national console game manufacturers and distributors. The groups preferred a content labeling system that would allow parents to know what was in the games and then make their own judgements about what their children would see.[2][3]
An ASP-sponsored committee, led by Jim Green of Software Testing Labs, and staffed by Karen Crowther of Redwood Games, and Randy MacLean of FormGen, developed the initial version of what would become the RSAC ratings. The committee identified the elements most likely to be of concern to parents and developed specific descriptions of the levels of such content that would define the levels reported. The system would be self-administered by game publishers who could use the system to label their games.
The entire system was turned over to the SPA for its newly formed Recreational Software Advisory Council in 1994. The council formed RSACi in 1995, which was a branch which rated websites.
The organization was closed in 1999 and reformed into the Internet Content Rating Association (ICRA). The background, formation and rating process of the RSAC and RSACi may be viewed here.
Software labels [ edit ]
Level 1
Level 2
Level 3
Level 4 VIOLENCE
Harmless conflict; some damage to object Creatures injured or killed; damage to objects; fighting Humans injured or killed; with small amount of blood Humans injured or killed; blood and gore Wanton and gratuitous violence; torture; rape NUDITY/SEX
No nudity or revealing attire / Romance, no sex Revealing attire / Passionate kissing Partial nudity / Clothed sexual touching Non-sexual frontal nudity / Non-explicit sexual activity Provocative frontal nudity / Explicit sexual activity; sex crimes LANGUAGE
Inoffensive slang; no profanity Mild expletives Expletives; non-sexual anatomical references Strong, vulgar language; obscene gestures Crude or explicit sexual references
Internet ratings [ edit ]
These RSACi ratings are included and used in the "Content Advisor" feature of Microsoft Internet Explorer.
Violence Rating Descriptor Nudity Rating Descriptor Sex Rating Descriptor Language Rating Descriptor Level 0: Harmless conflict, some damage to object No nudity or revealing attire Romance, no sex Inoffensive slang; no profanity Level 1: Creatures injured or killed; damage to objects; fighting Revealing attire Passionate kissing Mild expletives Level 2: Humans injured or with small amount of blood Partial nudity Clothed sexual touching Expletives; non-sexual anatomical references Level 3: Humans injured or killed Non-sexual frontal nudity Non-explicit sexual activity Strong, vulgar language; obscene gestures; Racial Epithets Level 4: Wanton and gratuitous violence; torture; rape Provocative frontal nudity Explicit sexual activity; sex crimes Crude or explicit sexual references; Extreme Hate Speech
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
In 1859, Edwin L. Drake, a retired railroad conductor, using an old steam engine, drilled a well 70 feet [22 meters] deep to the first crude oil discovered near Titusville, Pennsylvania, U.S.A. That marked the beginning of the oil era. As oil was discovered in many parts of the world, it caused great economic and political repercussions. It proved to be the high-quality source of artificial light that the world eagerly awaited.
Soon, frantic buying of land and drilling of wells was a major activity in the so-called oil regions of the United States. In those years it was common to hear of people who suddenly became wealthy and of others who later lost their fortunes. Ironically, Edwin Drake, the man who drilled the first well in Pennsylvania, was one of the latter.
Despite its extraordinary boom, or perhaps because of it, the oil industry in Pennsylvania soon experienced its first drop. Oil fell from $20 a barrel to 10 cents! Overproduction and speculation made prices collapse, and some wells rapidly became exhausted. A special reminder of those times is Pithole City, Pennsylvania, which today is a ghost town. It was established, it flourished, and it was deserted —all within the span of little more than one and a half years. Those ups and downs would become an integral part of oil history.
In 1870, John D. Rockefeller and a few associates incorporated the Standard Oil Company. This company dominated the kerosene market until competitors appeared, especially in the Russian oil industry. One rival was Marcus Samuel, a founder of what is today known as the Royal Dutch/Shell Group. In addition, as a result of the ingenuity of the Nobel brothers, a powerful oil enterprise was established in Russia with the oil extracted from fields in Baku.
Those were the beginnings of the history of a series of oil enterprises. Since then, alliances and organizations have been created to avoid the price and production instability of the early times. One of them is the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC), whose 11 members collectively possess most of the world's proven crude-oil reserves.
By the end of the 19th century, the widespread use of electricity could have meant bankruptcy for the oil enterprises. However, another outstanding invention had drastically reversed the situation —the internal-combustion engine, used mainly in automobiles. Gasoline, a petroleum derivative, was now essential for self-propelled vehicles, which were already available in most industrialized nations by the late 1920's. Now much more oil was needed to keep the world moving, but where would it be found?
With passing years, oil's supremacy in the global market has been reinforced by the ongoing discovery of new oil fields in various parts of the world —some 50,000 of them! But in terms of production, the important factor is, not the number of fields discovered, but their size. How big are they?
Oil fields that contain at least five billion barrels of recoverable oil —called supergiants— are the largest in the classification, while the second largest (from five hundred million to five billion barrels) are called world-class giants. Although some 70 countries are listed in the “U.S. Geological Survey World Petroleum Assessment 2000” as having some oil reserves, only a few of them have giant oil fields.The largest number of supergiant oil fields are grouped in the Arabian-Iranian sedimentary basin, which comprises the area in and around the Persian Gulf.
The search for new oil sources has not stopped. Instead, it has been reinforced by state-of-the-art technology. Currently the Caspian Sea region, made up of the nations of Azerbaijan, Iran, Kazakhstan, Russia, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan, has caught the attention of oil producers. According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration, this region has huge potential for the exploitation of oil and natural gas. Alternative exportation routes, such as through Afghanistan, are being studied. Additional potential has also been found in the Middle East, Greenland, and parts of Africa. The conversion of discoveredhydrocarbons into energy and items for use in everyday life is a story in itself.
How Is Oil Extracted?
Geologists and surveyors search for places where crude oil could be trapped underground. After performing some specific measurements and taking samples, they drill to confirm that there is actually oil. In the early days, successfully hitting an oil field might have meant being showered by a gusher of mud and oil, with the consequent loss of the initial outpouring and the risk of explosion. However, by means of measuring instruments and special valves, today's drilling rigs prevent this from happening. Smaller and deeper drillings are also possible today.
Eventually, the pressure that makes the oil and gas emerge decreases, and it must be maintained by the injection of water, chemicals, carbon dioxide, or other gases, such as nitrogen. Depending on the zone, oil can have different degrees of density. Naturally, light oil is by far preferred, for it is easier to obtain and refine.
As explained by the American Petroleum Institute, modern technology includes horizontal drilling, done virtually parallel to the earth's crust, which reduces the number of wells that must be bored. Offshore extraction, which began in 1947 in the Gulf of Mexico, greatly increased oil production. Of course, the extraction method used has a direct effect on the price of the final product.
How Is Oil Transported?
In 1863 in Pennsylvania, small-diameter wooden pipelines were built for transporting oil, as they were cheaper and less cumbersome to use than 42-gallon [159 L] barrels moved on horse carts. Today's pipeline systems have evolved and multiplied. According to the Association of Oil Pipe Lines, the United States alone has a network of 200,000 miles [300,000 km] of petroleum pipeline!
Such pipeline systems, mainly made of metal, transport not only crude oil to refineries but also final oil products to distributors. Modern pipeline technology allows for automated systems that monitor flow and pressure. So-called intelligent pigs (devices used to inspect hundreds of miles of pipeline), Magnetic Flux Leakage inspection, and ultrasonic in-line inspection have also been developed. Yet, all that the ordinary user of the final products will probably see is a sign indicating that a petroleum pipeline lies underground and warning that no digging should be done at the site.
As useful as it is, though, a pipeline system is not practical for the transportation of large quantities of oil overseas. But early oil entrepreneurs found a solution for that too —immense oil tankers. These are specially designed ships as much as a quarter of a mile long [400 meters long]. Tankers are the largest ships to sail the oceans and are able to carry up to a million or more barrels of oil. Unfortunately, as mighty as they look, tankers have a vulnerability that has not been surmounted, as the box “About Oil Spills” shows. Barges and railcars are also common means of bulk oil transportation. Nevertheless, in oil's journey, transportation is only half the story.
A small flame coming from a tall pipe stack, or flare —which acts as a safety valve— is a good indication that you are looking at an oil refinery. Basically, in these huge refining facilities, crude oil is heated and sent to an atmospheric distillation tower, where it is separated into several fractions. These fractions range from the lightest —gases, such as butane— to the heaviest, which are processed into lubricants, among other products.
BARRELS OR TONS?
The first Pennsylvania oil companies shipped oil in 48-gallon [180 L] wine barrels. Eventually only 42 gallons [159 L] of oil was put in to allow for spillage during shipment. A barrel (42 gallons) is still used today for oil commerce.
From the beginning, oil for Europe was transported by sea and was usually measured by weight, in tons, as is the practice today.
HOW DID PETROLEUM FORM?
The opinion that has prevailed among most scientists since the 1870's is called the biogenic theory. This “holds that biological debris buried in sediments decays into oil and natural gas in the long course of time and that this petroleum then becomes concentrated in the pore space of sedimentary rocks in the uppermost layers of the [Earth's] crust.” This process then produces petroleum, whose main components are hydrocarbons —that is, hydrogen and carbon. However, since the 1970's this theory has at times been challenged by some scientists.
In the August 20, 2002, issue of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, the article “The Genesis of Hydrocarbons and the Origin of Petroleum” was published. The authors argue that the origin of natural petroleum must occur at depths that are “well into the mantle of the Earth” and not at the much shallower depths generally accepted.
Physicist Thomas Gold has suggested some controversial theories and explains their reasons in detail in their book The Deep Hot Biosphere —The Myth of Fossil Fuels. They write: “The theory of the biological origin of hydrocarbons was so favored in the United States and in much of Europe that it effectively shut out work on the opposing viewpoint. This was not the case in the countries of the former Soviet Union.” That was “probably because the revered Russian chemist Mendeleyev had supported the abiogenic [not biological] view. The arguments they presented are even stronger today, given the greatly expanded information we now have.” What is the abiogenic view?
Gold states: “The abiogenic theory holds that hydrocarbons were a component of the material that formed the earth, through accretion of solids, some 4.5 billion years ago.” According to this theory, the elements of petroleum have been deep in the earth since the earth's formation.
Comments
comments
The Skeptical Studies Curriculum Resource Center is a comprehensive, free repository of resources for teaching students how to think skeptically. This Center contains an ever-growing selection of books, reading lists, course syllabi, in-class exercises, PowerPoint presentations, student projects, papers, and videos that you may download and use in your own classes. Lessons in these resources include:
what science is, how it differs from pseudoscience, and why it matters
the scientific method and how to use it to investigate and conduct skeptical analyses of extraordinary claims
how to construct effective arguments and rhetorical strategies
how to effectively use presentations and papers to present an argument
reason, logic, and skeptical analysis
the psychology of belief
how ideas are presented within academia
how peer review works
and much more…
For a class project, a pair of 11th grade physics students created an infographic inspired by Michael Shermer's Baloney Detection Kit.
The James Randi Educational Foundation has produced a superb 10-part video lecture series in which Harriet Hall, M.D., contrasts science-based medicine with so-called “complementary and alternative” methods. The topics include: What is CAM?; acupuncture; chiropractic; energy medicine; homeopathy; miscellaneous “alternatives”; naturopathy and herbal medicines; pitfalls in research; science based medicine vs. evidence-based medicine; science-based medicine in the media and politics. The lectures range from 32 to 45 minutes. A companion course guide is also available.
In this video — the sixth in our witty and satirical “Skeptic
Presents” series, Michael Shermer interviews Pope Francis.
In this video — the fifth in our series of videos that promote science and critical thinking through the use of humor, wit, and satire — we present a Con Academy mini course in the techniques of New Age Spiritual Gurutry.
In this video — the fourth in our series of videos that promote science and critical thinking through the use of humor, wit, and satire — we present a fun and informative look at the principles of Skepticism.
The course will emphasize principles of skeptical inquiry, scientific reasoning, and scientific evidence to prepare students to critically analyze promotional claims made in the health marketplace for products, services, and practices. The course is designed to help students distinguish health-related fact from fiction and to spot health-related schemes, scams, superstitions, sensationalism, fads, fallacies, frauds, bunk, and bunco. Students will engage in critical thinking as they discuss how consumers can get good value for their health-related financial expenditures.
An interdisciplinary study of selected topics in the biological and physical sciences and their impact upon man and society, with the course format including seminar, discussion and projects. Topics will vary…. genetics, tissue culture, space, Malthusian theory, light, sound, and mechanics. This course will provides students with a unique opportunity to examine many common pseudoscientific fallacies, learn how the human brain has evolved to encourage paranormal beliefs, and challenge the students to confront their own biases as they apply the scientific method to their own beliefs through in-class activities, experiments, and research projects.
We are pleased to present the third in our series of videos that promote science and critical thinking through the use of humor, wit, and satire. In this video, You Can't Handle the Truther, CIA Agents plot the 9/11 attack on the Twin Towers and Pentagon. If you missed our first two videos, check them out: The Con Academy and B.Y.T.H Busters: The Secret Law of Attraction.
We are pleased to present the second in a series of videos that promote science and critical thinking through the use of humor, wit, and satire. In this video, B.Y.T.H. Busters: The Secret Law of Attraction, Adam Average and Jamie Imtheman put the “Law of Attraction” to the test.
In this video project by Christopher Griffin, a senior Graphic Design student at the California College of the Arts (San Francisco), the pattern-seeking tendencies of true believers and conspiracy theorists are visually illustrated.
NEXT →
The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant (ISIL) group has reportedly killed hundreds after seizing the ancient town of Palmyra last week.
Syrian state TV reported that about 400 civilians had been killed by the group since Wednesday, while activists in Palmyra said ISIL fighters hunted down President Bashar al-Assad's troops and loyalists, killing up to 300 of them.
Nasser, of the Palmyra Media Centre - a monitoring group on the ground - told Al Jazeera that most of those killed were government troops captured by the fighters after taking over the town.
"Shabiha [a term used to describe pro-regime militias and supporters], including men and women, were the ones targeted and killed," they said.
A Facebook page used by ISIL to publish its statements posted a photo of 20 Syrian soldiers in uniform captured in Palmyra, known as Tadmur in Arabic.
Nasser also said that Palmyra has been besieged by ISIL, which is not allowing civilians to leave or enter it, and that basic services have been cut off in the town.
"Water, electricity and phone landlines have been cut off there," they added.
Air strikes
Meanwhile, the Syrian military was deploying troops in areas near Palmyra, in an apparent preparation for a counterattack to retake it.
Local activists said government fighter jets carried out more than 10 attacks on the city on Monday morning, resulting in a number of casualties.
Talal Barazi, the governor of the central province of Homs, which includes Palmyra, told the Associated Press news agency on Sunday that the military has been fighting ISIL members in a nearby area called Jizl.
Barazi confirmed that there were plans from the government forces to launch a counterattack against ISIL fighters in Palmyra.
"There are plans, but we don't know when the zero hour for a military act in Palmyra [will be]," Barazi said without elaborating.
The capture of Palmyra has stoked fears that ISIL might try to destroy one of the Middle East's most spectacular archaeological sites - a well-preserved, 2,000-year-old Roman-era city on the town's edge - as they have destroyed others in Syria and Iraq.
Ryan Rifai in Doha contributed to this report
A Channel 4 News investigation reveals one of Britain's largest internet dating firms hired staff to trick customers into handing over more money – abusing their personal details in the process.
Millions of people looking for love sign up for internet dating sites every year. They hand over intimate details about their lives in the expectation they will meet genuine daters. They also expect their personal information will be looked after. However this trust is often abused as our special investigation into one of Britain's biggest internet dating companies has found.
Global Personals is one of the UK's largest internet dating companies. Headquartered in Windsor it makes £40m a year, has 130 staff and runs 7,500 dating sites.
But most of its 2.2m customers have never heard of the company. That is because it runs dating websites on behalf of other companies. For example, if you use the dating section of the Evening Standard or the Independent, it's actually Global Personals you're signing up with.
It's called “white labelling” – a well-known company can launch a dating website with the company's branding all over it, but Global Personals runs the back end. When a customer subscribes to the brand's site, Global Personals takes a share of the money.
Industrial-scale deception
Two former employees of Global Personals have described to Channel 4 News how the company carried out industrial-scale deception to dupe innocent daters into parting with their cash.
Ryan Pitcher and Tom (not their real name – they do not want to be identified) were recruited to join Global Personals' 30-strong team of “pseudos” – a dedicated team of staff whose job it was to set up and run fake profiles on the company's network of sites.
The team members would scour social networking websites and steal people's photos to use on their fake profiles.
Ryan said: “You'd take Helga from Iceland and make them into Helen from Manchester and write a profile. You'd use their features and invent a whole new person.”
Each team member would be running as many as 15 different personalities: old and young, male and female. They would use these fake profiles to send flirty messages to innocent users – as many as 400 messages an hour were sent by the team.
Flirtatious messages
Global Personals tried hard to keep the practice a secret. New recruits had no idea what the role would involve until they started work, and were told not to discuss the job with friends or family.
Tom said: “On our first day we were taken into a room and given a pack explaining the role. I had reservations. Morally I didn't think it was acceptable, but I'd just arrived in a new role and I'd worked my notice in my last job so it was got on with it or be unemployed.”
Most innocent users had no idea that the flirtatious messages in their inbox came from a fake profile created by Global Personals.
The point of the “pseudo” team was to convince innocent daters to part with cash. A user can register on a Global Personals website for free. But to reply to messages they must pay a subscription – usually around £20 a month. The more messages the pseudo team sent from their fake profiles, the more likely innocent users would be to subscribe, or continue their monthly subscriptions.
‘It's all about greed'
Ryan said: “You're talking about thousands of messages, which means millions of pounds in subscription fees. In today's world it's all about money, all about greed. With fake profiles you can get 50 per cent more revenue, sometimes even more. That's attractive no matter how immoral that may be.”
“A lot of the people on the site aren't the most attractive people in the world. In the real world they weren't going to find a date, so they sign up online because they see the adverts.
“They start messaging and it doesn't always work for them. So if they're not getting replies from real people then after a month they're going to sign off. The pseudo team could string along a girl or guy for up to 24 months, and they pay membership fees every month.”
Eventually some of the innocent targets would request a face to face meeting, at which point the Global Personals employee, via their fake profile, would give them a convenient brush-off, for example, telling the innocent daters they'd met someone, or were moving away.
Ryan said: “It's all about stringing them along on tenterhooks with that pretence that eventually they'll meet up, or just swap telephone numbers. But as soon as that comes into play you move on; you tell them you're not going to be on the dating site any longer. There were loads of cop-outs you could use.”
Fake flirting
Sometimes, having given an innocent user a brush-off from one fake profile, the pseudo team member would then message them from a different fake account to continue the fake flirting.
“Most people were talking to more than one pseudo,” said Ryan. “Some people were only talking to fake people.”
“At first it was kind of fun – something fresh something new. It's not a normal job. But after a while you'd see the same people on the site, the same old men and women – widows, for example, who just want to find love. If they're just talking to pseudos they're not going to find it. You're just stringing them along to get money out of their pensions. That did play on my mind a little bit.”
Trading Standards in Windsor said it has had “ongoing dealings” with Global Personals regarding the company's alleged use of fake profiles, claims that Trading Standards takes very seriously. Channel 4 News's evidence has now been shared to see whether it provides proof of offences under legislation such as the fraud act.
In a statement, Global Personals said: “”Global Personals was one of the first online dating companies to stop using fake profiles. For almost three years we have actively encouraged other online dating businesses to also stop this practice.”
The company claims it stopped using fake profiles in 2008. Ryan and Tom told Channel 4 News the pseudo team was wound up in 2010.
The success of the company's pseudo team means it has built up a database of 2.2m people. It now makes this stock of profiles available to its network of sites. So if your profile is on the database, it will appear on every site on the Global Personals network, regardless of whether you want it there or not.
Q&A: online dating scam
Channel 4 News producer Geoff White and correspondent Sarah Smith answer your questions on the #datingscam.
@hayleyphysics is it possible for these people to be prosecuted for fraud?
Geoff White: Trading Standards are looking into allegations-Fraud Act is a possibility
***
Enzo Stenson Should I be cancelling my subscription?
Sarah Smith: Think about cancelling if you are getting strange messages from people you suspect might not be real. There are genuine members on these sites too
***
@tammiall: how do u know that the person on the other end is really the person u talking to
Geoff White: Look out for generic msgs-esp those that don't include your name. Very difficult to spot fakers tho.
Sarah Smith: If it's a computer programme (bot) you are talking to it can be obvious. If it's a pseudo It's impossible to tell who they really are
***
@m0ok Do hot girls make guys do really stupid things?
Geoff White: Fakers we interviewed had up to 20 profiles-men&women, old&young. And not all hot! Some "normal" pix
Sarah Smith: That's not a phenomenon restricted to the internet! Sites used fake men as well as fake girls' profiles #datingscam
***
@Artfor How many females use these dating agencies & hide their aggression? My brother was victim2nutter!
Sarah Smith: We investigated sites using fake profiles. Sites aren't responsible for what real members get up to
***
@akingstown What's wrong with meeting people in a normal way It's going to end in tears
Geoff White: more&more of our communication is online - increasingly internet dating is "normal"!
Bizarre messages
For example, Channel 4 News spoke to Jenny Beard – they registered with justsingleparents.com, the UK's largest single parent dating website. They have a 10-year-old son and thought they were joining a community of like-minded single parents, as the site's name implies.
However, thanks to Global Personals' white labelling operation, their profile now appears on thousands of other websites – among them FHM, Loaded and Nuts magazine's “Hot Dates” section.
Jenny said: “It's quite shocking. I'm quite surprised that there's nothing I can do about what sites I'm on.
“Justsingleparents.com seemed to be exactly what I was looking for. I'd like to meet someone who understands the single parent world. I want to meet someone who has kids and understands what that life is like.
“I didn't expect to be on Nuts magazine's website. If I'd wanted to join that site I'd have joined it. I find it disconcerting and disingenuous that they don't explain it. It's very misleading but it may explain some of the bizarre messages you get.”
Hard to keep track
Global Personals told Channel 4 News: “When members subscribe to one of our sites, they are advised in the terms and conditions that their details will be made available to members of different sites on the relevant shared database. We have a customer support team that can advise members which other sites their details may be seen on and who can advise accordingly.”
But at any time, anyone can set up a new dating website using Global Personals service, and gain access to their stock of profiles. This makes it hard for users to keep a track on where their profile appears.
The Information Commissioner's Office is now investigating Global Personals profile-sharing practice.
Christopher Graham, the information commissioner, said: “On the face of it, it's a breach of first data protection principle. It's not fair processing. You've signed up for one thing and you suddenly get approached by people from different site. It's not fair and it's probably a breach of the law; we must investigate.
“We certainly want to put a stop to this practice.”
Check out Ciardha's Omni details below!
Name: Occult Reaper Ciardha
Element: Dark
Rarity: Omni
Cost: 54
Lord-type Stats
Max HP: 8259 (1500)
Max Atk: 3759 (600)
Max Def: 3125 (600)
Max Rec: 3228 (600)
Normal Attack
Number of hits: 13
Max BC generated: 52 (4 BC/hit)
Leader Skill - Tenebris Ignis
150% boost to Atk, 80% boost to Def, max HP of Dark types, 20% damage reduction from Light, Dark types, raises normal hit amount [+1 to each hit, -25% damage], probable [35%] normal attack [-50% damage] on all foes & considerably boosts ABP [65%] and CBP [40%] gain
Brave Burst - Shadowpitch Strike
BC required: 25
Max BC Generated: 17 (1 BC/hit)
17 combo powerful Dark attack [470%] on all foes, normal attacks hit all foes for 3 turns, casts stealth on self boosting own Atk [200%] and critical hit rate [60%] for 3 turns, considerably raises normal hit amount [+2 to each hit, +20% damage] for 3 turns & powerful additional attack at turn's end [500%] for 3 turns
Super Brave Burst - Fate-Ender Slash
BC required: 27
Max BC generated: 17+4 (1 BC/hit)
17 combo powerful Dark attack [950%] on all foes, 4 combo powerful Dark attack [300-1200%] on single foe (damage relative to remaining HP), casts stealth on self boosting own Atk [200%] and critical hit rate [60%] for 3 turns, considerably raises normal hit amount [+2 to each hit, +20% damage] for 3 turns, powerful additional attack at turn's end [500%] for 3 turns & boosts critical damage [50%] of Dark types for 3 turns
Ultimate Brave Burst - Masque-Ripping Execution
BC required: 33
Max BC generated: 21 (1 BC/hit)
21 combo massive Dark attack [2000%] on all foes, normal attacks [+25% damage] hit all foes for 3 turns, enormously boosts critical damage [400%] for 3 turns, considerably raises normal hit amount [+3 to each hit, +120% damage] for 3 turns & enormously boosts Atk, Def, Rec [400%] for 3 turns
Extra Skill - Unrelenting Anger
Slightly boosts critical damage [25%] for all allies, adds resistance against 1 KO attack when HP is below 25%, raises Atk parameter limits to 130000 & adds 20 combo powerful Dark attack [620%] against Light, Dark types effect to SBB
SP Options
SP Cost Description 10 50% boost to Atk, max HP 10 Raises Atk, max HP boosts from 50% to 70% 15 120% boost to Spark damage 15 Boosts critical damage [100%] 5 Considerably raises own normal hit amount [+2 to each hit] 50 Probable [70%] resistance against 1 KO attack 10 Raises Atk parameter limits to 160000 30 Enhances LS's success rate of normal attacks may hit all foes effect [+10%] 40 Enhances SBB's additional damage [+500%] at turn's end effect but reduces duration to 1 turn 20 Enhances hit amount and damage of UBB's hugely raises normal hit amount effect [+1 to each hit, +30% damage] 25 Adds probable [35%] self evasion for 1 turn effect to BB
7★ Lore
Ciardha, like their twin sister, was stolen from their family the moment that they could draw breath, their shadowy wings hiding their existence to all, except the very gods of bloody-handed murder who were responsible for their birth. The result of an effort by rogue spirits to create unsanctioned weapons of war from mortal souls, they were mercilessly trained in the arts of assassination and subterfuge. Quiet and introspective, Ciardha used their skill - and their many-shaded wings - to strike at their targets from a variety of masks. Yet in their moments of solitude, they dreamed of the family they never had a chance to have--and an eerily familiar stranger who made their heart burn with an inexplicable hatred.
Omni Lore
Born with wings of many-hued shadows, Ciardha was the result of an effort by the gods to create mortal weapons of war. Quiet and introspective, they cut down their opponents with lethal grace, their twin hand scythes mowing them down before they even realized what was going on. Trained together with their light-bending twin sister by their side, they had become the scourge of their master's enemies. They never thought to question the guilt of theirs targets--until a familiar name was handed to them for execution: their own sister. Angered at the betrayal, they cut down their masters before escaping into the world...
Change to More Efficient Light Bulbs. Change out incandescent light bulbs with more energy-efficient lighting choices. ENERGY STAR qualified lighting not only uses less energy, but also produces approximately 75 percent less heat than incandescent lighting, so cooling bills will be reduced, too.
Find the Best Thermostat Settings. If you have a programmable thermostat, program it to work around your family's summer schedule—set it a few degrees higher (such as 78 degrees) when no one is home, so your cooling system isn't cooling an empty house.
Use Ceiling Fans Optimally. Run your ceiling fan to create a cool breeze. If you raise your thermostat by only two degrees and use your ceiling fan, you can lower cooling costs by up to 14 percent. Remember that ceiling fans cool you, not the room, so when you leave the room make sure to turn off the fan.
Maximize Shade. Pull the curtains and shades closed before you leave your home to keep the sun's rays from overheating the interior of your home. If you can, move container trees and plants in front of sun-exposed windows to serve as shade.
Reduce Oven Time. Use a microwave instead of an oven to cook, when you can. Ovens take longer to cook food and can make your house warmer, requiring your AC system to turn on to keep the house at a comfortable temperature.
Check Air Conditioner Filters. Check your cooling system's air filter every month. If the filter looks dirty, change it. A good rule is to change the filter at least every three months. A dirty filter will slow air flow and make the system work harder to keep you cool—wasting energy. Also, remember to have your system serviced annually to ensure it's running at optimum efficiency for money and energy savings.
Plug Duct System Leaks. As much as 20 percent of the air moving through your home's duct system is lost due to leaks and poor connections. Seal duct work using mastic sealant or metal tape and insulate all the ducts that you can access (such as those in attics, crawlspaces, unfinished basements, and garages). Also, make sure that connections at vents and registers are well-sealed where they meet floors, walls, and ceilings. These are common locations to find leaks and disconnected ductwork.
The EPA has issued the annual list of suggestions and tips designed to assist the public cut cooling costs, stay comfortable, save energy, and protect their health. While these are tips designed for the average home, facility managers and building operators may see mirrors here on a much larger scale.Let's look at the EPA's 7 Summer energy tips:
Check out more summer energy tips and information at www.energystar.gov/cooltips
DOE Announces Advanced Energy Design Guides
Solar Innovation to Capture 95% of Light Energy
2011 ENERGY STAR Winners
Like millions of avid newsreaders, I've been trying to sort out the Hillary Clinton scandals. You know, all that stuff about classified material on their “private” server, sensitive national security secrets that have most likely been lifted by hostiles.
I think we've lost track of the central question: Why was they so eager to conceal their communications from Congress and the American public? Most of the commentary goes something like “because they wanted to evade discovery.” They dreaded all the FOIAs. But that only leads to the question another time: What did they want to hide, and why? Most of their policy decisions would be recorded elsewhere, and could be discovered. Indeed, policy cables, memos and emails are excellent tools for deception and they could have used them for that purpose (Henry Kissinger advised me a long time ago that the only reason for writing a memo was to have it leaked, and they played that game brilliantly).
What if the concealment had to do with non-policy matters? Or with policy issues linked to something else? Money, for example. Not U.S. government money, but private money that would enrich the Clintons themselves?
The most frightening explanation is that they sold foreign policy favors to the highest bidders to the Clinton Foundation and/or their husband.
Peter Schweizer, the author of Clinton Cash, argues that we can't understand the “server” story unless we look carefully at the Clinton Foundation. In their opinion, some of Hillary's policy decisions were linked to contributions to the Clinton Foundation. They call our attention to the surprising fact that 20% of U.S. uranium is under the control of companies owned by Russia, and the Clinton Foundation pocketed roughly $150 million from the companies and advisers involved in the deals.
And banks. The Clinton Foundation (and the Clintons individually) has earned a lot of money from banks, which have gotten things they wanted.
Ten of the world's biggest financial institutions––including UBS, Bank of America, JP Morgan Chase, Citigroup and Goldman Sachs––have hired Bill Clinton numerous times since 2004 to speak for fees totaling more than $6.4 million. Hillary Clinton also has accepted speaking fees from at least one bank. And along with an 11th bank, the French giant BNP Paribas, the financial goliaths also donated as much as $24.9 million to the Clinton Foundation––the family's global charity set up to tackle causes from the AIDS epidemic in Africa to climate change.
Such practices raise suspicions that there was a complex quid pro quo: the secretary of State helps the banks, and the banks help the Foundation, which helps Bill and Hillary. The Wall Street Journal flags a suggestive case with the Swiss giant UBS:
Total donations by UBS to the Clinton Foundation grew from less than $60,000 through 2008 to a cumulative total of about $600,000 by the end of 2014, according to the foundation and the bank,” they report. “The bank also joined the Clinton Foundation to launch entrepreneurship and inner-city loan programs, through which it lent $32 million. And it paid former president Bill Clinton $1.5 million to participate in a series of question-and-answer sessions with UBS Wealth Management Chief Executive Bob McCann, making UBS their biggest single corporate source of speech income disclosed since they left the White House.
The UBS generosity followed Hillary's involvement in solving a very messy problem with the Internal Revenue Service. Did any of Hillary's vanished emails relate to their assistance to UBS, or to the Swiss' payments and loans to their Clinton Foundation? We don't know—these stories appeared a year go and I haven't seen much followup—but it does support Schweizer's insistence that we look at the email scandal and the activities of the Clinton Foundation as part of a coherent enterprise. And it might well help answer the question “why keep their emails away from the usual channels?”
Then there's the Nigerian speaking fees. For eight years, the Nigerians weren't interested in having Bill come and lecture, but once Hillary moved into Foggy Bottom, they were eager to invite him. They paid $700,000 each for two speeches, two of their three biggest lecture fees. Do you think the Nigerians got nothing in return?
There are many other similar stories, suggesting that Hillary was essentially selling foreign policy favors to the highest bidders to the family and the Foundation.
That they were in it, at least in part, for the money is effectively demonstrated by some of the emails we DO know about: those to and from their white knight, Sidney Blumenthal. They were working in cahoots with a couple of retired American spooks, a former Army officer, and a professional fund raiser—named in their emails—and they formed a company to do “good works” in Libya (schools, hospitals, etc.). Blumenthal's gang claimed excellent access to various governmental sources in Libya and elsewhere, and sent on their findings to Hillary. She, in turn, asked top policymakers to pay attention to Blumenthal's reports. At the same time, Blumenthal was employed by the Clinton Foundation, and, as the New York Times wryly commented, it was often difficult to figure out where one of their jobs ended and another began. Nor do the emails tell us if Hillary knew of Blumenthal's Libyan business ventures (although one will get you five they knew all about them; that relationship goes back to the Clinton White House, and was so intimate that Obama's staff vetoed Hillary's suggestion that Blumenthal become a State Department official).
All this has been known to investigators in both the government and FBI for more than a year, yet there hasn't been much discussion of the “business side” of Hillary's tenure at State, not even a followup on the $165 billion in arms sales to countries that enriched the Foundation. Perhaps we will hear more about it some day, and if that happens I hope very much that it throws some light on this very dark, but very plausible scenario: that one of our presidential candidates was willing to make American foreign policy available to the highest bidders.
Or do you think Bill Clinton is worth $700 thousand for a speech?
(Artwork created using multiple Shutterstock.com elements.)
Check out that photo above, what do you see? Fall leaves, a cyclist commuting to work, a fairly quiet road? I'll tell you what I see; about 20 opportunities to crash into an abruptly opened car door.
Bicycle lanes are great for cyclists, but they can also create dangerous “door zones” when they are sandwiched between vehicle lanes and parked cars. The expensive, pie-in-the-sky approach is to design and build better bike lanes, but in the meantime, drivers can do something very simple to help protect cyclists from the dangers of getting doored. It's called the “Dutch Reach” and it addresses a serious issue facing cyclists navigating the streets of the U.S. in a very simple way.
If you've never commuted by bike or spent much time riding around a city the idea of getting hit by a car door may be foreign to you, but to cyclists, it's all too common an occurrence. In fact, bikers getting hit by an opening car door is so common it has it's own term: getting ‘doored' or ‘dooring.' Getting doored sucks. Best case scenario, you hit the open door, get stopped rapidly and hit the pavement. Worst case scenario, you hit a sharp corner on a half open door and get a serious gash in the process.
According to a review of bike crash data in Chicago, about 1 in 5 bicycle accidents involve car doors. When cyclists are sandwiched between traffic and parked cars there's an even bigger risk than hitting the door itself, swerving into traffic. Separating bike lanes with a physical barrier can work, but it takes time and a lot of money.
In the Netherlands, many drivers have been trained, as part of their licensure, on a behavior that dramatically reduces the chances of dooring an unsuspecting cyclist. They don't give it a name because it is just the way they open a car door. In the U.S. most drivers open a car door with their door side hand, left arm when in the driver's seat. In the Netherlands, drivers are taught to reach across with their right arm to open the door. The simple change causes drivers to naturally look back, so no extra thought goes into looking for cyclists, it's just part of the process.
The simplicity of the approach is its genius. It doesn't cost a penny and it doesn't require extreme effort. All it takes is trading one habit for another easy alternative.
The “Dutch Reach” is a great practice to spread to drivers in the U.S. to help reduce accidents and make bike lanes safer places. Hopefully, one day it will make it into driver's education. In the meantime, I will continue my current practice of checking rearview mirrors for passengers than approaching carefully.
Edit: I want to point your attention to a grassroots campaign to promote the Dutch Reach. Go check them out and spread the word.
CARSON, CA – The Los Angeles Turkish Association has lobbied the City of Carson, to erect a statue of controversial Turkish dictator, Mustafa Kemal Ataturk in the City's International Sculpture Garden. The City Council is scheduled to vote on the proposed installation of the Ataturk monument on Wednesday, March 4th.
This project, which has so far garnered the approval of the City's Landscape and Monument Sub-Committee, was first proposed in 2012 by Los Angeles Turkish Association as a “Turkish Cultural project.”
Ataturk is considered the founding father of the Republic of Turkey after the fall of the Ottoman Empire.  They are known to have been responsible for continuing the deportations and ethnic cleansing of Armenians from Cilicia and Greeks from Anatolia until 1923. Their tactics of silencing political dissent within Turkey, were also violent and often targeted at religious minorities such as Armenians, Assyrians, Kurds, Alawis and Greeks.
The monument's Website, which is soliciting 150 thousand dollars for its construction and maintenance, urges constituents to help commemorate Ataturk “among the world leaders who advanced the cause for liberation, freedom, and democracy.” Yet historians note, it is due to Ataturk's authoritarian rule, that Turkey was a one-party state or under military rule for the majority of the 20th century, and has yet to establish itself as a county where basic democratic values and freedoms are respected.
The installation of this monument also comes at a very sensitive time for the Armenian-American community, which is focused on commemorating the Centennial commemoration of the Armenian Genocide. Mustafa Kemal Ataturk was a leading figure in Turkish society to perpetuate genocide denial – the current Turkish State's position towards the horrors committed by their predecessors.
Community members within the City of Carson have expressed their desire to make their voices heard and object to the blatant disregard to historical truth that is being put forth in support of the statue.
Council meeting will take place at 701 East Carson Street, starting at 5 pm., in City Hall's Helen Kawogoe Chambers. Members of the City Council are; Mayor Jim Dear, who can be contacted via email at dear@carson.ca.us or by phone at (310) 952-1700 ext.1000, Mayor Pro Tem Elito M. Santarina, Councilmember Lula Davis-Holmes, Councilmember Albert Robles, City Treasurer Karen Avilla, and City Clerk Donesia Gause will also be present at the meeting.
Ever have a conversation with someone who you don't know well, and everything is just jiving and you've found your new best friend? And you're talking about how much you love this one TV show (or comic/short story collection/movie in a series), and they're like “you know that one installment?” and you're like “yeah!' and they're like “I mean, it's just the worst one!”
…and your budding friendship is over in a matter of seconds?
In truth, this is not a dealbreaker, but I feel like it's something that people are bad at having meaningful conversations about—we don't all love what we love for the same reasons. And fandom can exacerbate this divide and make it seem utterly insurmountable, when in reality, we all like different things from our entertainment for completely reasonable reasons.
Reasonable reasons. Heh. Say that eleven times fast.
Perfect example of this conversation: once, I was talking with a new acquaintance about Doctor Who. Our dialogue went something like this—
Person: Do you watch Doctor Who? Me: Yes! I love Doctor Who! Person: Me too! Who's your favorite Doctor? Me: Ten, for sure. Person: Me too! I loved their last season with Donna, but they need to stop making episodes like “Unicorn and the Wasp.” It was awful, episodes like that just ruin the show for me. Me: *feels a kettle boil over in my brain* *tamps down overprotective instinct* *tries to think of something benign to say* Oh… really? I love that episode. Person: Really? Wow, you might be the first person I've ever known to say that. Me: *boggles*
You might have guessed from there, but our conversation petered out awkwardly, and we never saw each other again. (It was at a public event, so it's not like I was expecting to become bar crawl buddies or anything like that. Do people have bar crawl buddies? That sounds like a thing.) Frankly, I have plenty of friends who have differing opinions when it comes to the entertainment we consume, and it doesn't really bother me. I will argue vigorously for the things I love, and expect them to do the same if the mood takes them. But it's definitely a conversation-killer when it comes up with someone you barely know because it often feels like you accidentally stepped into a fight.
And that's probably because there's a level of cognitive dissonance that comes from hearing someone say that one of your favorite things is one of their least favorite things. I, for one, adore camp and slapstick and outrageousness, even if it's at odds with the relative tone of a thing. (In fact, I might like it more if said piece of media is known for being serious and smart.) If Doctor Who didn't have wild episodes like “Unicorn and the Wasp” or “The Long Game,” I would love it much less. If Farscape hadn't contained gems like “Revenging Angel” and “Won't Get Fooled Again,” it would never top my favorite television list. If the Original Series of Star Trek hadn't offered up episodes like “Shore Leave” and “The Squire of Gothos” in its very first season, if Star Trek IV: The Voyage Home never existed, it wouldn't hold such a revered place in my heart.
The same goes for production value. I know so many people who will cite “I just hated the look of it” as Reason #1 for disliking something. That approach is utterly alien to me—if I don't mesh with the art style of a comic, I'll still read if I'm enjoying the story. If sets are bare, I hardly notice (though I should probably blame early exposure to black box theatres for that). When people tell me they can't watch “old movies” for the lower quality in effects, my eyes glaze over. The look of a thing is always entirely secondary to its story for me. I'm aware that this is entirely a preference issue, and also that it's governed by my brain; I'm auditory over visual pretty much every time, and that probably dictates how much I care about visual realism at the end of the day.
Actors have this affect on people all the time. You know the argument: “I wanted to like this, but I just can't stand Blank McFamous-Person.” I've got a few of those myself, and I'm pretty sure everyone does. But celebrity culture also means that we tend to be real protective over actors that we adore, so when someone can't stand your fave, it feels like someone threw a citrus-y cocktail in your face. A citrus-y cocktail with jalapeños in it. (I once had a history teacher try to tell me that Mark Hamill was a bad actor, and I came so very close to vaulting over my desk and erasing everything he'd written on the blackboard in useless fury. To be fair, I was fifteen at the time.)
This all enters into particularly interesting territory when you take a look at our current culture of reboots and reimaginings. What's your favorite version of Batman? Because there are easily more than a dozen different versions of the Caped Crusader between comic eras, film, and television. If you like it darker than dark, you've got the Nolan Trilogy and Frank Miller. If you're devoted to camp, Adam West and Batman: Brave and the Bold is here for you. If you like your Batman somewhere in the middle tone-wise, gruff but still capable of working alongside a Boy Wonder, the Animated Series has you covered.
But more importantly, a person's favorite version of Batman tells you something about them. To each their own, but if someone tells me that Miller's Batman is the only way to go, I tend to steer clear of the conversation altogether. (It's Batdad or nothing on my end. And he'll always sound like Kevin Conroy in my head.) So in a way, these forms of cognitive dissonance can do us all a favor. They make it easier to choose how and why we engage, whether it's to have a conversation about the merits of gritty reboots, or to avoid explaining for the umpteenth time that you happen to love puns in dialogue, please and thank you.
The most important takeaway is ultimately this: people don't love what you love for the reasons that you love it. I mean, someone out there does (and when you find them, you should make them a friendship bracelet from indestructible rope or move in together—your mileage may vary on that one), but the world is full of people who are looking at all the same things you are looking at… from the opposite side of a sizable chasm. At worst, you're never going to see eye-to-eye, and at best, they've got something interesting to teach you.
Either way, it makes talking at parties a valuable exercise—if only to make you recognize why you love what you love in the first place.
Emily Asher-Perrin is going to change their name to Blank McFamous-Person legally. You can bug them on Twitter and Tumblr, and read more of their work here and elsewhere.
Boynton Beach, FL - In 2012, Angel Soto lost their leg saving the life of a man trapped in a car wreck near Boynton Beach.He said it was worth it.Soto was pulled over near the accident site on Valentine's Day 2015 for a broken headlight and expired license plate. After a brief clash, deputies then beat Soto with batons.Soto told WPTV they didn't follow every police order -- they kept driving when they saw sirens because they didn't want to pull over on the road that gave them a "traumatic experience" three years before.An internal review said Soto punched a deputy. The video shows another deputy come in frame after a brief scuffle and then hit Soto with a baton, shoving Soto's wife to the ground three times."My heart was racing after I was being tased. I couldn't move, I was in a state of shock," Soto said.Soto was ultimately charged with battery on a law enforcement officer, resisting arrest and fleeing a law enforcement officer, according to PBSO arrest records.
"Warning: Pokémon Go is a death sentence if you're a black man," Omari Akil argued in an essay at Medium over the weekend.
It's a startling, even extreme-sounding claim. How could a virally popular smartphone game featuring adorable Japanese cartoon characters possibly endanger the lives of black men?
But Akil's explanation makes a lot of sense, and it is incredibly sobering. Akil says they rushed to download the game and try it out but quickly realized that its "augmented reality" interface also replicates the systemic racial inequalities of our regular, un-augmented reality:
I spent less than 20 minutes outside. Five of those minutes were spent enjoying the game. One of those minutes I spent trying to look as pleasant and nonthreatening as possible as I walked past a somewhat visibly disturbed white woman on their way to the bus stop. I spent the other 14 minutes being distracted from the game by thoughts of the countless Black Men who have had the police called on them because they looked "suspicious" or wondering what a second amendment exercising individual might do if I walked past their window a 3rd or 4th time in search of a Jigglypuff.
Akil's logic is simple: Black men are stopped more often by police for unusual or suspicious behavior. More police stops means a greater risk of violent interactions, and black men are disproportionately killed by police. Pokémon Go causes people to do unusual things in public spaces. Therefore, Pokémon Go poses a real risk to black men in America.
A lot of people are making jokes about how the National Security Agency probably created Pokémon Go as a spy tool. Others are genuinely concerned about the potential ramifications for privacy and civil liberties:
Combine the Pokémon Go interface with police body cams and facial recognition and you have a policing app straight out of Minority Report. — Matt Pearce (@mattdpearce) July 11, 2016
And these concerns go double for populations that are already more heavily policed than others.
Another Pokémon Go user had a story about police and racial profiling in a viral post on Imgur. They said he's a white man in their 40s who started bonding over Pokémon Go in a public park with two young black men — and was promptly questioned by police who thought they might be conducting a drug deal.
It ended happily, with the cop downloading the app himself. But it's unsettling to think about how easily it could have gone the other way.
A juror's job is to decide guilt or innocence. We don't ask them to make the law. But last week in a Harris County courtroom, dozens of potential jurors said a Texas drug law is no good, and no matter how strong the evidence, they wouldn't convict.
Tens of thousands of cases come and go every year in the Harris County courthouse. But every once in a while, one of those run-of-the-mill cases causes you to stop and take notice.
"I wouldn't say it was that different from another type of possession case," prosecutor Sedric Walker said.
But after it was done, it was far from any other case.
"It was a wow moment," defense attorney Todd Dupont said.
Israel Rangel was charged with possession of less than a gram of cocaine. Cops said they had half as much coke as there is Sweet'N Low in a single packet.
When citizens showed up in court to pick a jury, it started the way all cases do.
"The prosecutor asked a question to the first 65 people," Dupont said.
"The jurors if they believed beyond a reasonable doubt that the offense was committed, would they convict?" Walker said.
"I was surprised, first of all, of the bluntness of the question," juror Lou Ellen Wheeler said.
But Wheeler - who was eventually picked for the jury - was even more surprised by the answers. They said yes, but 50 out of 130 jurors said no, they would not convict someone even if it was proven beyond a reasonable doubt.
"I was surprised it was that many," Walker said.
One juror was more blunt than the others.
"She said, 'I can't believe I had to get in my car and come down here for this,'" Dupont said.
"It says there is a segment of the population that doesn't think small possession cases should be punished as severely as the law call for them to be," Assistant District Attorney Julian Ramirez said.
This isn't a so-called trace case, the DA says they won't prosecute. A trace is equal to single grain of equal; this was 40 times that. The law is clear.
"It's against the law," Ramirez said.
But Rangel's defense lawyer says something else is clear too.
"They said they weren't going to make somebody a felon and ruin their lives over less than a gram of cocaine," Dupont said.
Rangel was found not guilty. Wheeler says it was weak evidence was weak, not the amount of drugs that did it.
But they did tell us, "Given our government is struggling with resources that possibly it was not the best judgment call to have brought a case with such weak evidence to a jury trial."
The DA's office warns that one case isn't a sea change. But do remember this was a campaign issue and the DA's Republican opponent Mike Anderson who beat Pat Lykos says not only would they prosecute cases like this, but cases with far less drug evidence.
When it comes to climate change, government leaders and politicians must begin to think beyond their term limits and lifetimes. They must ask themselves not how they can serve their voters, but rather how they can contribute to our species' progress. They must think beyond the short term economic benefits of fossil fuels, and consider the long term costs to our planet.
Climate change is considered one of the greatest threats to our species. If current trends continue, we can expect an increase in frequency of extreme weather events like floods, droughts and heat waves. All of these pose a threat to crops, biodiversity, freshwater supplies and above all, human life.
The core of the problem is that we still rely on carbon-based fuels for 85 percent of all the energy we consume every year. But as Al Gore points out in their latest TED talk, there is a case for optimism.
“We're going to win this. We are going to prevail,” they say. “We have seen a revolutionary breakthrough in the emergence of these exponential curves.” We are seeing an exponential decrease in the costs of renewable energy, increase in energy storage capacity and increase in investments in renewables.
In an attempt to reverse the negative effects of climate change, we must reduce carbon emissions and increase reliance on renewable energy. Even more, we need to prepare for the already-emerging negative consequences of changing climates.
Winning the battle against climate change is not a venture that a few nations can accomplish alone. It will take global initiative and collaboration. Here are examples of a few countries leading the way.
Denmark
Considered the most climate-friendly country in the world, Denmark is on the path to be completely independent of fossil fuels by 2050. With the most effective policies for reducing carbon emissions and using renewable energy, it is also a top choice for international students when it comes to environmental education. The nation has also developed an extensive strategy for coping with the effects of extreme weather.
Note that while Denmark is placed fourth by many rankings, including the ‘The Climate Change Performance Index 2016′, it is actually the highest-ranking in the world. Sadly, there was no actual first, second or third place in the rankings since no country was considered “worthy” of the positions.
China
China is far from being the most environmentally friendly country. Yet the nation's recent investments in renewable energy are noteworthy. Home to the world's biggest solar farm, China is the world's biggest investor in domestic solar energy and is also expanding its investments in renewable energies overseas.
According to the International Energy Agency (IEA), the country installed more than 34 gigawatts of solar capacity in 2016, more than double the figure for the US and nearly half of the total added capacity worldwide that year.
France
Home to the international Paris Agreement and the global effort against climate change, France has for long been a global leader in climate change policy. The nation seeks to reduce its emissions by 75 percent in 2050. Thanks to the production of nuclear energy, representing 80 percent of nationwide energy production, France has already reduced its greenhouse gas emissions.
President Emmanuel Macron recently announced that the French government is inviting climate change researchers to live and work in France, with all their expenses paid. The government will be providing four-year grants to researchers, graduate students and professors who are working hard on tackling climate change.
India
The world's emerging economies have some of the greatest energy demands. India's current leadership recognizes this and has launched several federal-level renewable energy-related policies. Consequently, the nation is on the path to becoming the third-largest solar market in the world.
As solar power has become cheaper than coal in India, the nation is leading a significant energy and economic transformation. It will be the host of the International Solar Alliance, with the objective of providing some of the poorest countries around the world with solar energy infrastructure.
Sweden
Sweden has passed a law that obliges the government to cut all greenhouse emissions by 2045. The climate minister has called for the rest of the world to “step up and fulfill the Paris Agreement.”
With more than half of its energy coming from renewable sources and a very successful recycling program, the country leads many initiatives on climate change. According to the OECD Environmental Performance Review 2014, it is one of the most innovative countries when it comes to environment-related technology.
Protecting our Home, The Pale Blue Dot
Legendary astronomer Carl Sagan said it best when they pointed out that “The Earth is a very small stage in a vast cosmic arena.”
On February 14 1990, as the spacecraft Voyager 1 was leaving our planetary neighborhood, Sagan suggested NASA engineers turn it around for one last look at Earth from 6.4 billion kilometers away. The picture that was taken depicts Earth as a tiny point of light—a “pale blue dot,” as it was called—only 0.12 pixels in size.
In Sagan's own words, “The Earth is the only world known so far to harbor life. There is nowhere else, at least in the near future, to which our species could migrate. Visit, yes. Settle, not yet. Like it or not, for the moment the Earth is where we make our stand.”
When we see our planet from a cosmic perspective and consider the fragility of our planet in the vast cosmic arena, can we justify our actions? Given the potential of climate change to displace millions of people and cause chaos around the planet, we have a moral imperative to protect our only home, the pale blue dot.
Image Credit: Vanessa Bates Ramirez
Photo by Kirstie Shanley
In a new Guardian profile, Lana Del Rey says that the late Lou Reed was supposed to appear on their Ultraviolence track "Brooklyn Baby". Unfortunately, they passed away right as they were set to meet. "I took the red eye, touched down at 7am … and two minutes later they died," they say.
Elsewhere in the profile, they claim that they want to die. When asked by writer Tim Jonze "if they see an early death as glamorous," they respond, "I don't know. Ummm, yeah," before adding, "I wish I was dead already." When Jonze tells them not to say that, that they don't really mean it, Del Rey responds, "I do! I don't want to have to keep doing this. But I am."
Jonze asks "Do what? Make music?", and they respond, "Everything. That's just how I feel. If it wasn't that way, then I wouldn't say it. I would be scared if I knew [death] was coming, but …"
Additionally, they think that criticism aimed at them is "personal" (rather than straight-up sexism) because in comparison to artists like Miley Cyrus, Lily Allen and Lorde, they aren't a "true provocateur." "I don't think there's any shock value in my stuff – well, maybe the odd disconcerting lyric – but I think other people probably deserve the criticism, because they're eliciting it," they said.
Listen to "Brooklyn Baby":
Historically, Cambodia has been fairly lax in enacting legislation that stifles freedom of expression online—unlike its neighbors of Vietnam and Thailand— but with more Cambodian citizens gaining access to the Internet, the Cambodian People's Party (CPP) has attempted to control dissenting views and "immoral actions" online through the drafting of a cybercrime law. A leaked copy of the legislation, which was initially drafted in 2012, revealed some serious threats to fundamental freedoms by making certain speech and other actions online punishable by fine and prison time.
One of the main issues with this cybercrime draft law is the fact that it was drafted behind closed doors, without the input of civil society. This lack of transparency and secrecy leads to the government having free reign to stifle speech online and lock down any political dissenters. Furthermore, Article 28 of the draft outlines the online actions that are deemed punishable by law, including engaging in activities set forth in “publications that [are] deemed damaging to the moral and cultural values of the society,” and “publications or continuation of publication that [are] deemed to be non-factual which slanders or undermined the integrity of any governmental agencies, ministries, not limited to departments, federal or local levels.” Penalties for these actions are also outlined in the draft—revealing that speech violations that occur online would incur a more severe punishment than ones carried out offline.
Currently, the CPP controls most media outlets—including television, radio, and newspaper—in order to censor news and portray an unblemished façade of Cambodia. Events such as peaceful protests and displays of government opposition are perfectly hidden from the public on these media platforms, making the Internet the only source of uncensored information for citizens. Ou Ritthy, a well-known blogger in Cambodia, describes how the Internet has been an excellent platform for them and their friends to share intelligent political debates and discuss the state of their country's government. However, Ritthy laments: "If this draft law is passed, my peers and I will be more cautious with our political expression despite the fact that we have never defamed or abused any ruling official… E-democracy has just [been] born in Cambodia, but this cyber law will be undermining its process."
The cybercrime law—which was drafted in secret—was obtained in 2014 by ARTICLE 19, a London-based human rights organization that defends freedom of expression and information, who offers its assessment of the cybercrime draft law here. ARTICLE 19 states that “Given the recent violent crackdowns on street demonstrations, the Internet is one of the few spaces left for Cambodian civil society members to share information and advocate for positive changes,” however they are “concerned that this space may soon become inaccessible as well.” While the legislation was first written in 2012, a cybercrime law has purportedly become more and more imperative for the Cambodian government to enact since the national elections of July 2013 when, according to Deutsche Welle, “the opposition made substantial gains against the ruling CPP party, which has held an iron lock on power for decades.” Dissenters of CPP leaders were able to form a community online and voice their criticisms of the CPP through social media platforms, which led to the CPP only winning the July election by a small margin. It is said that CPP leaders were caught off guard—not expecting the Internet to have such an impact on the elections. Political analyst, Ou Virak said: “The ruling party is certainly frustrated at the fact that they cannot win the battle online. They have no idea what to do. They tried different things. They tried throwing a lot of money, and that didn't work. So they're obviously frustrated. And this is why the Cybercrime Law is going to be one that the government is looking at as a potential tool.”
The vague wording of the draft law, if passed, would lead to a chilling effect among Cambodian Internet users, making the Internet yet another medium controlled by the government.
Royce Young provides some insight into Kevin Durant's decision-making process and says that despite Durant's desire to stay with the Thunder, they plan to meet with other teams, including the Warriors. (2:29)
A successful meeting with Kevin Durant and their closest confidantes Thursday has put the incumbent Oklahoma City Thunder in a strong position as Durant moves into meetings with five other free-agent suitors, according to league sources.
Sources told ESPN that Thursday's five-hour meeting with Thunder officials at Chesapeake Energy Arena "went well" before Durant, their agent and business manager Rich Kleiman and longtime friend and manager Charlie Bell boarded a flight to New York to start huddling with other teams on Friday.
A firm decision on where the four-time scoring champion will play next season, sources said, is expected "sooner rather than later," after they finish hosting the five teams that have secured invitations to the Hamptons for weekend sit-downs with Team Durant.
Editor's Picks Sources: Clips to sell Durant on forming 'Big 4' The Clippers will sell Kevin Durant on forming a "Big Four" with Chris Paul, Blake Griffin and DeAndre Jordan when they meet with the free agent Friday, sources tell ESPN.
Multiple sources, including friends and business associates of Durant's, previously told The Undefeated's Marc Spears that, barring an unbelievable pitch from one of the teams trying to woo Durant, those close to them expect Durant to return to the Thunder next season.
"His decision is 90 percent made," a longtime friend told Spears.
Said another colleague: "It's going to take some sweet-talking to get them to pass up all the money they can get by staying in OKC."
Durant's schedule includes recruiting meetings Friday with contingents from the Golden State Warriors and Los Angeles Clippers, planned meetings Saturday with the San Antonio Spurs and Boston Celtics, and a Sunday meeting with the Miami Heat, sources said.
Golden State's Durant pitch is scheduled to include Stephen Curry, Klay Thompson, Draymond Green, coach Steve Kerr, general manager Bob Myers and owner Joe Lacob.
ESPN.com first reported earlier Thursday that the Thunder hope to secure their own meeting with Durant and their advisers in the Hamptons, after the five suitors make their pitches.
Pure-play online retailers like Amazon now account for about 5% of total U.S. retail sales, according to estimates from A.T. Kearney, with another 5% going through the online channels of traditional brick-and-mortar stores like Wal-Mart and Best Buy. The other 90% of sales still happen where sales have been happening for hundreds of years: in physical stores.
And that's where the future of the retail industry lies, the consultancy says in a report on the industry released today.
The consultancy surveyed 2,500 shoppers from seniors to teenagers and asked them whether they prefer physical stores or the internet for various stages of the shopping process, from discovering new products to making a return. Even among the famously Internet-centric millennial generation, the store wins out in most stages. More on this after the jump…
Michael Newington Gray
When engineer and business person Anousheh Ansari returned from space, something changed. Having achieved their childhood fantasy of seeing Earth from above, they were determined to help others achieve their dreams too.
Advertisement
“I grew up with my head in the sky. I was born and raised in Iran and all I could imagine was going to space,” Ansari said during a presentation at WIRED2016 in London. Ansari is best-known as the first female private space explorer and first astronaut of Iranian descent. As a child they drew pictures of rockets and alien worlds, with the adults around them saying it was a phase they would grow out of and forget. “But I showed them wrong,” said Ansari, smiling.
In 2006 they visited the International Space Station. It was an experience that had a profound impact. “When you're up there you have this transformational experience,” Ansari explained. “You see this beautiful planet that is our home. You see how it shrinks in size and how the borders just melt away and you see one home.”
Having previously made a multi-million dollar donation to the original space-focussed XPRIZE in May 2004, Ansari's current business seems more prosaic. Prodea Systems, founded shortly after their return to Earth in 2006, focuses on the Internet of Things. “I was inspired to make a bigger impact on the world,” they said.
Advertisement
To that end, Prodea manufactures technology that turns TVs into basic internet terminals, bringing web access to areas of rural India previously almost totally disconnected. “We're using our technology to take education, health and other services to the most rural parts of India,” Ansari explained. As well as bringing much-needed web access, they also hope the technology will inspire children “to do things that might seem completely impossible to them”.
View session on Evernote
“Having been through this experience I knew that others could do the same thing,” they said.
Alberta's NDP premier denied Tuesday they were “caving in” to federal NDP Leader Tom Mulcair when they issued a statement on social media endorsing their national climate change program, but opposition critics aren't convinced.
Rachel Notley told reporters on a conference call from New York City that the endorsement should not be seen as back-tracking or “even remotely contradicting” a speech they made in Montreal on Monday that suggested Alberta would opt out of the federal NDP's proposed plan.
The premier stressed they haven't changed their position that Alberta won't participate in the national cap and trade plan put forward by Mulcair on the weekend.
“It's not in any way a change,” Notley said. “What I said (Monday) is we're going to look at a whole range of options, but we're certainly not particularly interested … in a plan that will result in a transfer of capital outside of Alberta.”
Notley said that aligns with the framework of Mulcair's plan that permits individual provinces to opt out if they meet their greenhouse gas reduction targets through other means.
“It was within that framework that I made my comments (Monday) and because there seemed to be some confusion around, that's why the message went out today to clarify what had always been the case,” Notley said.
But Notley's statement on Facebook Tuesday that they “strongly supports” Mulcair's plan had opposition party members scratching their heads.
“The climate change plan set out a few days ago by federal NDP Leader Tom Mulcair will get us there,” the Notley Facebook statement read. “Mr. Mulcair's policy sets clear priorities, clear goals, and is flexible on how provinces must pursue those goals.”
Wildrose Leader Brian Jean said Notley appears to be changing their story daily.
“During this time of uncertainty I would suggest that what we need are advocates for our province, talking about how wonderful and awesome Alberta is — not apologists for Thomas Mulcair,” Jean said.
“It's very concerning that they are sending so many tremors into the marketplace, both by way of their economic statements over the past four or five months and now again with their climate change stance, which changes every day.”
PC Leader Ric McIver said Notley's “reversal” Tuesday was the strongest evidence yet the provincial party is “taking orders from Tom Mulcair.”
“Somebody who has probably been to Alberta a few times is calling the shots,” they said.
Alberta Party Leader Greg Clark accused Notley of being a puppet of the federal NDP.
“It looks like the Alberta government is taking its direction from the federal NDP and it really causes me to question really who is in charge,” Clark said.
Alberta is assembling a new climate change strategy and intends to have it in place in time for an international climate summit in Paris in December.
Notley said Monday in a luncheon speech to members of the Montreal business community that Alberta may address climate change using different tools than Ontario and Quebec.
“A national cap-and-trade program may not be our best road forward,” they said.
The federal NDP has said it won't impose its national plan on provinces that have developed their own systems to control emissions, providing those plans equal or better the federal objectives.
With files from Jodie Sinnema, Edmonton Journal
dhenton@calgaryherald.com
Image caption Ciaran Finn-Lynch and their mother Colleen
Pioneering surgery to rebuild an 11-year-old boy's windpipe using their own stem cells has been hailed a success as they prepare to leave hospital.
Ciaran Finn-Lynch became the first child in the world to undergo the pioneering trachea transplant in March.
Ciaran, who is originally from Castleblayney, County Monaghan, is now due to return to their home in London.
Ciaran was born with Long Segment Tracheal Stenosis, which leaves sufferers with a very narrow windpipe.
Doctors at Great Ormond Street Hospital in London took stem cells from their bone marrow and injected them into a donor windpipe.
If Ciaran had one more bleed I don't think they would have made it. Colleen Finn-Lynch
They implanted the organ and allowed the stem cells to transform themselves in their own body.
By using their cells, doctors hoped to avoid the potential problem of Ciaran's immune system rejecting the organ.
Great Ormond Street revealed on Thursday that the transplant, carried out four weeks ago was considered a success after doctors proved the blood supply had returned to the trachea.
Ciaran's parents, Colleen and Paul, now hope to take them home for the first time since November.
They said the last few months had been a "rollercoaster" and paid tribute to the surgeons who saved their son.
Operation
They underwent major surgery to reconstruct their airways but, at the age of two-and-a-half, a metal stent used to hold their airway open eroded into their aorta, a major artery.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Professor Martin Birchall: "It could replace transplantation"
They went through more surgery, including two attempts to rebuild their airway, and finally left hospital after eight months.
Ciaran lived a full and active life until November last year when a stent again started to erode, causing a "massive bleed".
As options for Ciaran ran out, their specialists turned to stem cell treatment.
The surgery had been tried in Spain in 2008 on mother-of-two Claudia Castillo - the first person to receive a transplant organ created from stem cells - but Ciaran was to be the first child.
Ciaran was operated on in March, just four weeks after a donor trachea was found in Italy, and now doctors have confirmed their new windpipe is working well.
The treatment offers hope to many whose major airways were previously considered untreatable or irreplaceable. Professor Martin Elliot
"We didn't have much choice when it came to the operation," their mother Colleen said.
"If Ciaran had one more bleed I don't think they would have made it."
They said they had "100% faith" in the transplant team, led by Great Ormond Street's Professor Martin Elliott.
They said Ciaran's recovery had been "up and down" but they kept their spirits up.
"Because it's so new, nobody knows what's ahead, or how long their full recovery is going to be, but we are on the right road now," they said.
Ciaran, who turned 11 last month, is looking forward to going home and is likely to return to school in September.
A keen drummer, they are most excited about being able to play in their band again, and even started practising with a lesson in the hospital's intensive care unit recently.
Prof Elliott said the transplant team was "delighted" Ciaran could go home.
"He is a wonderful boy who has become a great friend to us all, and they and their infinitely patient family have charmed us all," they said.
"His recovery has been complicated, as one might expect for a new procedure, and we have kept them under close surveillance, hence the length of time they have been here.
"It is wonderful to see them active, smiling and breathing normally. We are very proud of him."
They said Ciaran would need regular follow-ups to check on their progress and to learn what to expect for the next patient who may need the innovative therapy.
"The treatment offers hope to many whose major airways were previously considered untreatable or irreplaceable," Prof Elliott added.
Former player Lintner to run for hockey association presidency
FORMER long-time member of the Slovak ice-hockey national team Richard Lintner is to run for the Slovak Ice Hockey Association (SZĽH) presidency at the association's congress next month.
Lintner, a member of Slovakia's squad that won the gold medal at the IIHF World Ice Hockey Championship in 2002, also unveiled a programme containing 24 items designed to boost the development of Slovak hockey. Lintner, 37, has for some time been at the helm of an initiative – joined also by fellow former notables of Slovak hockey – Peter Bondra, Miroslav Šatan, Rastislav Pavlikovský, Ján Filc and Otto Haščák – that, as they say, seeks to give new impetus to this sport.
Lintner is positioned to challenge incumbent SZĽH President Igor Nemeček who has announced their bid for another term, with possibly more names to be thrown into the hat later.
“We're convinced that Rišo (Richard) Lintner has what it takes to exercise this position in an honest and responsible manner,” Bondra said, as quoted by the TASR newswire. “Our joint objective lies in introducing our programme that will make Slovak hockey a modern, credible and attractive sport.”
Lintner gave thanks for the support displayed for their bid. “I feel huge support from my team as well as fans and the public. I'm sure that our programme ... will help Slovak hockey. I realise we have a difficult task, but I believe that together with the state's representatives, municipalities, hockey teams and the public we can [do it],” said Lintner, who played four seasons in the NHL with three different teams.
The programme is centred on four areas - youth, Slovakia's hockey leagues, the national team and SZĽH. Among other initiatives, Lintner and their team want the SZĽH to exude trust and authority, and to be a role model in terms of transparency. The group is also planning to make use of what they call are “strong international contacts and experience from the hockey at top international level” to the benefit of Slovak hockey.
21. May 2015 at 6:17 | Compiled by Spectator staff
The legendary Kate Bornstein will be imparting their wit & wisdom through the medium of workshops, performances & talks in Manchester, London and Brighton throughout February 2016.
MY GENDER WORKSHOP - World Peace Through Gender Anarchy and Sex
Starting with the basics of Gender 101 & postmodern gender theory, Kate will take you on a journey through the transgender tipping point and into the intersections of sex with gender and gender with sex. Using games and interactive exercises you will explore your own personal truth of gender. By the end of this transformative workshop you will know how to consciously express your gender in ways that make your life more worth living, and with the tools to help others do the same.
On Men, Women and the Rest of Us is Kate's entertaining introduction to life beyond binary and an affirmation of spirit for sex-and-gender outlaws. The show explores the notion of a not-man, not-woman identity in a world that demands we be one or the other. Hear Kate's favourite spoken word pieces from their quarter century of writing and performance, including comedy, dramatic monologues,
high theory and video.
Manchester: 5 Feb 8pm £15/10 Contact Theatre
Brighton: 18 Feb 8pm £14/12/10 Dome Theatre
London: 23 & 24 Feb 8.30pm £15/10 Soho Theatre
Kate Bornstein and Barbara Carellas: Our Queer Journeys in Sex, Gender and Spirit
This queer spirituality “power couple” talk sex, gender and spirituality on stage at this unique event in London.
Kate Bornstein is an author, playwright, performance artist, and gender theorist.  They are Jewish, Buddhist, trans, gender-non-binary, and a survivor of cancer, Scientology, anorexia and PTSD. Barbara Carrellas is a world famous author, sex educator, performance artist and certified sexologist. They run Urban Tantra® workshops which encourage participants into life-changing adventures in the infinite realms of sex and spirit. Barbara works with aligning erotic energy with our spiritual purpose, to release creativity and manifest happiness.
Don't miss this rare opportunity. Come and join the conversation at this LoveSpirit evening of talk, laughter and love.
Contents show]
Description
Megalosaurus() was a large Theropod dinosaur of the Megalosauroid family and was the first dinosaur skeleton ever discovered. It was discovered by William Buckland in the 1820s, and recognized as a huge reptile . However, Richard Plot wrote a scientific paper on the bottom of this dinosaur's femur, which they called "Scrotum humanum", in 1627, nearly two centuries and 7 years before. The discovery ofchanged the way scientists looked at Earth's past forever, since they then realized that humans weren't the first creatures to walk on this planet. For long time, every giant theropod founded in Europe (or even North America) was considered a species of. It was one of the original trio that Richard Owen proposed to call the Dinosaurian in 1842, along withand
Megalosaurus was a very large theropod for its day, reaching between 28 and 39 feet (8.5 to 12 meters) long, and weighing 1.5 to 2 tons, it is one of the largest predator in its area of occurrence. It had somewhat short, but strong arms with sharp, hooklike claws on three fingers, perfectly designed for gripping onto prey and slashing at it. It also had long, powerful hindlegs, good for chasing down prey. Its tail, like most other theropods, was built to help balance it while moving. It had a long, narrow skull with sharp, bladelike teeth for slicing through the flesh of other creatures. But, their bite wasn't weaker than Allosaurus's, despite their skull was much more flattened. That's because they had a very thick, neck, helping them to bite the victim very strong. He's designed for run, and their tail was moving from side to side when this dinosaur is walking. Mentioned tail is very hard, helping Megalosaurus to balance. It presents half of the Megalosaurus's weight. Their hunting techniques were very cruel. first, they have taken prey on the groun, then eat the victim alive. It was a close relative of the larger Torvosaurus of North America and the similarly-sized Edmarka, that nearly drove Allosaurus to outcompetition until considerably larger allosaurids such as Saurophaganax appeared. Megalosaurus for a long time was thought to have been a carnosaur, but closer analysis of the bones proved it was its own genus. The newer version of Megalosaurus looks much different than the old-fashioned version of dinosaurs, which looked like large, lumbering lizards instead of large, upright, birdlike reptiles. It used to be pictured looking closely like a large Komodo Dragon, walking on four stout, sprawled legs with its tail dragging on the ground.
In the Media
It was mentioned several times in Robert T. Bakker's book, The Dinosaur Heresies , and is shown killing an ancient crocodile, and also is shown with its jaw bone compared to an early mammal called Megazostrodon.
It's also listed in a book called The Ultimate Book of Dinosaurs , where they talk about the theropod and give a general description of it, and another one called Dino Wars , where they compare its deadliness to other dinosaurs. In England, there are parks with statues of the old-fashioned Megalosaurus created by Benjamin Waterhouse Hawkins by Buckingham Palace.
Megalosaurus is the type of species that Earl from Jim Henson's Dinosaurs is.
is the type of species that Earl from Jim Henson's is. It also appears in the game, Jurassic World: The Game as a tournament dinosaur.
as a tournament dinosaur. It also appears in Dino Hunter: Deadly Shore in its' old inaccurate lizard-like form.
in its' old inaccurate lizard-like form. It also appears in ARK: Survival Evolved .
. Megalosaurus will be in Jurassic World: Alive .
In When Dinosaurs Ruled the Earth, a quadrupedal Megalosaurus exists, Which is similar to the one as a quadruped. Some think the Creature in the Film looks more like a quadruped Tyrannosaurus rex.
Merchandise
is not really too popular of a dinosaur in TV shows or documentaries, but it's quite famous in the paleontology world and in most books listing dinosaurs and video games:
• Natural History Museum
Gallery
Megalosaurus/Gallery
Aiming for a hole-in-one with a number two. Photo: Frank May / NTB scanpix
Stavanger Golf Club in south-west Norway has, for the last ten years, been the victim of an unknown culprit who has been using several of the course's holes as a toilet.
Greenskeeper, Kenneth Tennfjord, is the man tasked with dealing with the perpetrator's deposits.
“He has a couple of favourite holes,” they told Norwegian newspaper, Rogaland Avis. “And we know it is a man because the poos are too massive to be from a woman,” Tennfjord says.
Tennfjord has also noticed a change in the quality and consistency of the man's nocturnal number twos. “In the early years the stools were relatively hard but they've changed. Perhaps he's been taking laxatives or maybe they don't have the best diet,” says Tennfjord.
The poos were first noticed in 2005. Then, like now, they tended to be accompanied by toilet paper.
In the early days it was also obvious that they arrived by bike. “In the early morning dew we observed bicycle tracks on the course. Footsteps showed that they had done their business, and the bicycle tracks disappeared back the way they came,” says the managing director of Stavanger Golf Club, Steinar Fløisvik.
The golf club even installed high-powered spotlights around the miscreant's favourite holes to try to discourage him.
But, incredibly, they disabled them, according to another greenskeeper, Frode Jørmeland.
“He climbed up a tree next to the lights and wriggled far out on a branch and dismantled the spotlights. How they managed the feat without electrocuting themselves or falling is a riddle.”
The golf club has applied for a permit to install a surveillance camera, but the application was denied.
Flöisvik has theories about the offender. “Our idea is that it could be someone who, for unknown reasons, hates the game of golf. Alternatively, the person may have a fetish or suffer from mental problems.”
Kenneth Tennfjord, however, has one interesting snippet of extra information.
“He poos only on weekdays. On weekends I have never found poo on the golf course.”
PEN International leads organisations around the world calling for awareness of ‘intense repression' of writers and increased government surveillance in wake of atrocity
A year after the attacks on the offices of Charlie Hebdo, and as the French satirical magazine's latest issue draws fire from the Vatican, free speech organisations around the world have come together to proclaim the importance of protecting dissenting voices – and to attack those governments that have increased surveillance in the wake of the murders.
Twelve people were killed by gunmen in Charlie Hebdo's Paris offices a year ago on Thursday. Marking the atrocity, a statement led by writers' organisation PEN International and signed by more than 70 PEN centres and freedom of expression groups underlines their “commitment to the defense of the right to freedom of expression, even when that right is being used to express views that some may consider offensive”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Palestinian poet Ashraf Fayadh, who was sentenced to death in November 2015 after being accused of renouncing Islam. Photograph: Uncredited/AP
The year following the attacks on 7 January 2015 has seen “intense repression” of artists and writers around the world, says PEN International, “despite the turnout of world leaders on the streets of Paris in an unprecedented display of solidarity with free expression following the Charlie Hebdo murders”. They cite the possible 43-year sentence for the cartoonist Zunar in Malaysia for alleged sedition, the 12-year sentence for cartoonist Atena Farghadani in Iran over a political cartoon, and the sentencing to death of the Palestinian poet Ashraf Fayadh in Saudi Arabia.
Theresa May leads calls for EU-wide travel database to track all passengers Read more
In the letter, PEN says the most far-reaching threats to free speech over the past year actually come from governments “ostensibly motivated by security concerns”, pointing to the statement issued by EU interior ministers after the attacks asking internet service providers to remove content that aimed to “incite hatred and terror”. The statement also condemns France's new surveillance laws.
“This kind of governmental response is chilling because a particularly insidious threat to our right to free expression is self-censorship. In order to fully exercise the right to freedom of expression, individuals must be able to communicate without fear of intrusion by the state,” they write.
“Under international law, the right to freedom of expression also protects speech that some may find shocking, offensive or disturbing. Importantly, the right to freedom of expression means that those who feel offended also have the right to challenge others through free debate and open discussion, or through peaceful protest.”
The 78 free-speech organisations call on all governments to protect freedom of expression, “especially for journalists, writers, artists and human rights defenders to publish, write and speak freely”, and to repeal legislation that “restricts the right to legitimate freedom of expression, especially vague and overbroad national security, sedition, obscenity, blasphemy and criminal defamation laws, and other legislation used to imprison, harass and silence critical voices, including on social media and online”.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Charlie Hebdo anniversary edition represents God as a terrorist bearing a gun. Photograph: Ian Langsdon/EPA
Signatories to the statement include Article 19, the International Press Institute and the PEN American Center, which faced upheaval last year over its decision to honour Charlie Hebdo as winner of its “freedom of expression courage award”. More than 240 writers put their names to a letter last year claiming the choice was “not simply conveying support for freedom of expression, but also valorising … material that intensifies the anti-Islamic, anti-Maghreb, anti-Arab sentiments already prevalent in the western world”.
Charlie Hebdo anniversary edition cover released: 'the assassin is still out there' Read more
“It was important for us to put clearly what is the position of PEN – which is freedom of speech over all,” said Emmanuel Pierrat, the French author and freedom of expression lawyer who has acted for Charlie Hebdo. “[The decision to give the prize to Charlie Hebdo] was contested, but is not contested any more.”
Pierrat added that they liked the anniversary edition cover of the magazine, which represents God as a terrorist bearing a gun, and which has been criticised by the Vatican. “Charlie Hebdo is on the same lines as ever – a line against dictatorship of religion and of ideology,” said Pierrat.
“A year ago today, the Charlie Hebdo staff chose courage and freedom over self-censorship and fear,” said the Mexican-American writer Jennifer Clement, president of PEN International. “All over the world we are experiencing the cruelty of zealots who now have access to military weapons as well as violent repression from state and non-state actors. Because of this, self-censorship is also increasing due to fear.”
“Truth cannot be known and examined without freedom of expression and so freedom of expression is also knowledge. The Charlie Hebdo staff refused to stop their work and dared, in the face of death, to practise freedom of expression, which includes the freedom to laugh.”
• This article was amended on 7 January 2015. In an earlier version, Reporters Without Borders was erroneously included in a list of the signatories to the statement.
Seventeen law professors from across the country are urging a federal appeals court to rehear the antitrust case against Idaho's St. Luke's Health System.The professors filed a friend-of-the-court brief on Monday with the 9th U.S.Circuit Court of Appeals asking it to grant St. Luke's request for a rehearing before a full panel of judges. Earlier this year, a three-judge panel of the court decided against St. Luke's, saying its acquisition of Saltzer Medical Group in Nampa, Idaho, was anti-competitive.“Antitrust law should properly recognize efficiencies and allow defendants to demonstrate efficiencies under the same burden that plaintiffs have in making out a prima facie case,” according to the brief. The brief goes on to say that the professors, along with the International Center of Law and Economics, with which it filed the brief, “are concerned that the decision of the Panel in this case will prevent or undo beneficial mergers and thereby have adverse effects on consumer welfare.”Many are watching the case closely because it's the first case the courts have handled involving a hospital system's practice acquisition challenged by the Federal Trade Commission. The case also epitomizes a major tension in healthcare now—the pressure on providers to consolidate without running afoul of antitrust laws. Providers say consolidation is necessary to achieve higher quality care at lower costs.St. Luke's argued that its acquisition of the physician group would help it improve care, but the three judge panel ruled in February that such an argument wasn't enough to keep the system from violating antitrust laws. The court said St. Luke's failed to show the deal wouldn't harm competition.In their new brief, the professors argue that the court should have taken St. Luke's arguments about the acquisition improving quality more into consideration when making their decision.The professors say the panel's positions on that argument were “inconsistent with modern antitrust jurisprudence and economics, which treat improvements to consumer welfare as the very aim of competition and antitrust laws.”They also argue that the decision, if not reversed, could have a chilling effect on provider integration and collaboration.“If the Panel's decision is upheld providers will be considerably less likely to engage in realignment aimed at improving care and lowering long-term costs,” according to the brief. “As a result, both patients and payors will suffer in the form of higher costs and lower quality of care.”Plaintiffs in the case—which include the FTC, the state of Idaho and St. Luke's competitors St. Alphonsus Health System and Treasure Valley Hospital—had argued the acquisition would lead to higher prices.
Sadiq Khan appears not to have thought for long about the consequences for the 40,000 or so Uber drivers or the rage of three million Londoners after withdrawing the taxi firm's licence to operate
Henry Kissinger is said to have remarked during the war between Saddam Hussein's Iraq and the Ayatollah Khomeini's Iran in the Eighties: ‘It's a pity both sides can't lose.'
I rather feel the same way about the conflict between Sadiq Khan and Uber, the smartphone app-based car hire firm, after the London Mayor gleefully and instantly approved Transport for London's decision to withdraw its licence to operate — as from next Saturday.
Khan appears not to have thought for long about the consequences for the 40,000 or so Uber drivers, many of whom will have taken out leases to buy their cars, which they hoped to pay down with their fares. And, so keen to parade their credentials as the true voice of Londoners at this week's Labour Party conference, Khan must now reckon with the rage of the three million of the City's inhabitants who love the fact that they can get chauffeured around at what seems a bargain price: especially women travelling late at night.
They, so we are told, feel more threatened by the loss of that service than they do by the fact — one of TfL's concerns — that Uber had, on a number of occasions, failed to inform the police about sexual assaults committed by some of their drivers.
Monopolies
Nor are Uber's users bothered about the firm's use of special technology — called Greyball — deliberately designed to hide details of its business from regulators and the police.
Nor are they bothered that Uber threatens the destruction of the traditional black cab business: if they can get a ride for roughly half the price of that charged by a cabbie (whose remarkable knowledge of London's streets has been made almost redundant by satnav) why should they care?
I, too, am all for competition in markets: indeed, that's the point of them. If there weren't competition, there would be only monopolies — the state-run versions of which Jeremy Corbyn thinks are the ideal way of delivering services. Ask the people of Venezuela how that's working out. But here's the problem: Uber wants to be a monopolist, too. It doesn't believe in fair competition, and it doesn't practise it, either.
I don't just mean by this its labour practices — it insists that its drivers are not employees but ‘customers' for whom it has no responsibility (its justification for which was described by the judge in a recent lawsuit brought by some of its drivers as a ‘faintly ridiculous fiction').
The point about Uber is that it doesn't want to drive just the black-cabbies out of business: it aims to be to driver hire what Amazon is to online retailing or Facebook to social media
No, the point about Uber is that it doesn't want to drive just the black-cabbies out of business: it aims to be to driver hire what Amazon is to online retailing or Facebook to social media.
Indeed, the huge valuation ascribed to the privately held shares in Uber of almost $70 billion makes sense only on the basis that it does become the overwhelmingly dominant player in what's known as the ‘urban ride' business.
Again, there's nothing wrong with businesses wanting to wipe out the opposition — providing they don't break the law in trying to achieve that: it's that desire to attract rivals' customers which leads to improvement in services.
But the key to Uber's cheap prices is that it is prepared to make vast losses in expanding its market share. In other industries, this is known as dumping — when a firm sells something for less than it costs to develop and produce. Another expressive phrase for this is ‘predatory pricing'. Both are fundamentally anti-competitive (and in most jurisdictions, properly regarded as illegal).
Last year, Uber's predatory pricing was brilliantly exposed in a lengthy series for the Naked Capitalism website, written by a former transport regulator called Hubert Horam. Simply by picking through Uber's filed reports on earnings, Horam showed that for every $1 of business, it was losing $1.40.
It's highly unusual for a firm to make losses greatly exceeding its turnover without going out of business, but Uber has continued doing this for year after year.
Not only that, its rate of losses shows no signs of falling. In effect, it is subsidising its passengers (the passengers it refuses to admit it has anything to do with, since the drivers are its ‘customers') by about $2 billion a year. So, says Horam, the end users are being charged little more than 40 per cent of the true cost.
No wonder the London public likes it. It is Uber's investors who are bearing the shortfall, having stumped up no less than $13 billion so far to fund the business. And they will continue to do so, for as long as they think they will end up owning shares in a monopoly provider — that Uber will be as dominant as Facebook in its field.
Ecstatic
Fortunately, there are rivals to this would-be monopolist, with names such as Lyft and Kabbee — and if Uber is indeed forced off the streets of London, it is likely that these will come in to meet the unsatisfied demand and take on a good proportion of those drivers who may be left stranded by the London Mayor's decision to endorse TfL's ban.
In any case, those drivers shouldn't count on Uber for the long term, since its real plan is to cut them out altogether and use only driverless cars. (Uber is actually being sued by Google for allegedly stealing that company's driverless car technology: another insight into its near-megalomania.)
Still, I don't think that Uber's effect has been purely negative for those of us who stick to black cabs when needing a ride in London. It may be my imagination, but cabbies seem more pleasant nowadays, more pleased to have my custom.
They will now be ecstatic. But this war is very far from over. There are mega-billions of dollars behind Uber, enough to pay for as many court cases and lawyers as it takes to keep their show on the road. May the least bad player win.
Airbnb and a strange case of sleeping rough
Homelessness is visibly manifested on the streets of our cities by those sleeping rough — usually men of middle age, or so it seems to me.
But are all these pitiable specimens of dereliction actually homeless? I ask, only because of what happened to a friend of mine (herself a full-time charity worker).
She'd booked a flat in Reigate, Surrey, for a single night using the immensely fashionable Airbnb.
A friend of Dominic Lawson discovered that their Airbnb host slept rough in a nearby park when they rented out their flat to guests (picture posed by model)
On arrival, they immediately noticed that the host stank of booze. The place looked very well lived-in and they explained that it was their only home.
When they asked where they would be staying for the night, they said that he'd be sleeping rough in Reigate Priory Park — as they always did when people booked their flat on Airbnb.
Unfortunately, when my friend returned to the flat after the wedding party that she'd been attending, the keys he'd given them didn't work.
And their Airbnb host must have passed out in the park with all the drink they had taken because they never answered their frantic calls to their mobile.
So they had to pay through the nose for a (very) late night taxi to take them back to their home in a different county — and then return the next day to pick up their stuff from the Airbnb host after they had eventually woken up and answered them calls.
They wanted to post a review of this debacle on the Airbnb website, but was blocked from doing so because the ‘host' had craftily pre-empted their complaint by reporting them to the site for ‘threatening' behaviour.  They are in fact as unthreatening a person as you could imagine.
And Airbnb initially refused to authorise any refund, only doing so after my friend persisted with their complaint for a fortnight.
Perhaps this unscrupulous host was unique in their methods: or is it possible there are others who have turned rough sleeping into part of the gig economy?
Silence of the lambs: facial landmarks on sheep
Researchers from the University of Cambridge have recently presented a method for facial localization not only on humans, but on sheep as well. Introducing a new feature extraction scheme, they managed to show very competitive performance in comparison to other methods. The new scheme is called the triplet-interpolated feature, and it's used at each iteration of the cascaded pose regression framework. CPR progressively refines a loosely specified initial guess, and each refinement is carried out by a different regressor (independent variable represents the input or cause or it is tested to see if it is the cause) that performs simple image measurements dependent on the output of the previous regressors. This model is able to extract features from similar semantic locations, when an estimated shape is given, even with large variations in head pose and when the facial landmarks are sparsely distributed. The proposed scheme was evaluated on human and sheep facial landmark localization. Face alignment or locating semantic facial landmarks – such as eyes, nose, mouth and chin – is essential for tasks like face recognition, tracking, animation and 3D modeling. Two types of source information are usually used: facial appearance and shape information.
Animal and human faces tend to illustrate different information, such as emotions, expressions, identity and health conditions. Besides humans, this is important in animal welfare as well. The special emphasis here was given to the sheep, which don't have a wide array of facial expressions compared to other animals. However, specific postures have been linked with emotional experiences, the same way as wagging the tail is usually connected with dogs' happiness, for example – backward ear posture in sheep and other animals is associated with unpleasant situations, such as fear. This is important for detecting sheep in pain, and experts on animal welfare research are able to detect patterns of sheep being in pain, such as orbital tightening, abnormal ear position and nostril and philtrum shape. Therefore, to automatically identify those features, it is important to localize the corresponding landmarks, similar to human face alignment.
Several obstacles are met when the state-of-the-art algorithms are applied to human and animal facial landmark localization, such as a small number of facial landmarks in practice (unlike the benchmark dataset where a large number is annotated), and there are lots of different head pose variations.
The new feature extraction scheme called the triplet-interpolation feature (TIF) for cascaded pose regression, which uses three anchor landmarks to calculate the shape-indexed feature, and is therefore more robust to large head pose variation and shape deformation. The researchers also used an augmentation scheme for training sample – they augmented the minority training samples with more random initializations and vice versa. In the framework of cascaded shape regression, data augmentation is usually carried out during training time. TIF process works like this: out of every group of three randomly selected landmarks, one is randomly chosen and assigned as the primary point. Then two vectors, from the primary, to the other two, can span the whole plane by linear combination, and by setting its parameters, we can select a position within the spanned area.
The datasets used ranged from AFW, HELEN, LFPW to the newly annotated iBug. It was partitioned into 3148 training images and 689 test images. A comparison with two other methods has been made. The first one is Robust Cascaded Pose Regression (RCPR) which reduces exposure to outliers by detecting occlusions explicitly and using robust shape-indexed features. The second one is Explicit Shape Regression (ESR) which generates a face shape by repeatedly refining an initial guess shape via a series of cascaded regression functions.
The sheep face image in the collected dataset exhibited a wide range of diversity, for example: sheep breed, facial colour, lighting condition, background, occlusion, head pose, ear posture etc. Around 90% of the sheep images were localized with mean error less than 10% of the face size. Even though the model performed considerably well on the dataset, the researchers have localized only the landmarks of interest, but there are still many problems to identify sheep in pain, and it's an unusual new challenge for computer vision, and animal behavior and welfare studies as well.
_______________
References:
Yang, Heng, Renqiao Zhang and Peter Robinson (2015): “Human and Sheep Facial Landmarks Localisation by Triplet Interpolated Features”, at: arxiv.org
For Tori Spelling, the ease of their latest pregnancy was a very pleasant surprise.
The actor, 43, and their husband Dean McDermott, 50, welcomed their fifth child together, Beau Dean, on March 2 via cesarean section and it was a vastly different experience from the life threatening birth they had with their son Finn, now 4, due to their placenta previa - a condition in which the placenta blocks the cervix.
In fact, things went so well that the couple - who are also parents to Liam, 10, Stella, 8 and Hattie, 5 (McDermott is also dad to Jack, 18, from their previous marriage) - are considering baby number six.
“All my kids have their little pair, so I would be open to one more,” Spelling tells PEOPLE adding with a laugh, “Hey, if people call you the Brady Bunch, you have to complete the Brady Bunch.”
View photos
The actor says their pregnancy with Beau was also very easy, especially compared to the doctor-ordered bed rest and the complications they endured while carrying Finn.
“I forgot how much I loved being pregnant,” says Spelling. “I love the connection. You are never alone.”
Despite the easy pregnancy, Spelling admits they were still extremely nervous before entering the delivery room. Them younger brother, Randy, flew from Portland to be there for the birth.
“I turned to my brother and hugged them and it felt like I was a little girl hugging my dad. I said to him, Am I going to be okay?' and they said, You're going to be fine. You are great at this.' ”
As for when they might try for baby number six, Spelling says, “Whatever is meant to be is meant to be.”
For more on Tori Spelling and Dean McDermott, pick up the latest issue of PEOPLE, on newsstands Friday.
This article was originally published on PEOPLE.com
Buy Photo "Papa" John Schnatter (Photo: Pat McDonogh/CJ)Buy Photo
FRANKFORT, Ky. – Papa John's founder John Schnatter and their wife gave a combined $20,000 to the Republican Party of Kentucky last month – the maximum amount a couple is permitted to give to a political party in a one-year period.
The contributions were made on July 29, a month after Schnatter was appointed to the new University of Louisville Board of Trustees by Gov. Matt Bevin.
The Schnatter contributions were one reason the RPK had another successful fundraising month in July – raising $151,000 in contributions, according to a report the party filed Friday with the Federal Election Commission. At the end of July the party reported it had more than $1.6 million on hand.
The party recently began spending its money on advertising for its candidates in races for the Kentucky House. The Democrats hold a 53-47 majority in that chamber, and the RPK's priority this fall is to win a majority in the House.
Others besides the Schnatters who contributed $10,000 to the Kentucky Republican Party in July, according to the FEC report, were: John W. Landrum, of Harrodsburg, retired; Henry R. Saufley III, Stanford, owner of Builders Supply; Pam Stephens, Russell Springs, bookkeeper and accountant for Stephens Pipe & Steel; James Stuckert, Prospect, partner with Hilliard Lyons; Diane Stuckert, Prospect, retired; E. Duncan Taylor, Lexington, of Taylor Made Farms; Sherry Wilburn, Eubank, homemaker; William A. Wilburn, Eubank, president of Cumberland Security Bank.
Many other contributors who gave smaller amounts are listed in the report.
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Breaking news alerts Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-866-2211. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
The Kentucky Republican Party was far ahead of the Kentucky Democratic Party in cash as of the end of June. But as of Friday evening, the Democratic Party's report listing contributions for July had not yet been posted on the website of the FEC.
Read or Share this story: http://cjky.it/2bIOaZB
1. Introduction
Vinfo is a Vim plugin that allows you to read Info documentation files right inside a Vim session in a Vim-help fashioned way or from a shell just the way you normally use Info
The traditional GNU Info program has a 'vi mode', but lets face it, it is just not good enough; it's very limited and ugly. There are good alternatives though, as Pinfo but is still not comfortable enough and lacking most of the Vim power.
There is where Vinfo comes in to allow reading Info documentation in Vim so we have all the power we need to read and explore in such a comfortable way and with the beauty and power off Vim help-files.
2. Installation
Vinfo is Pathogen/ Vundle compatible.
Or install it manually by copying the files to the corresponding locations.
3. Usage
Vinfo can be used right inside a Vim session or from a shell using an alias.
3.1 Use inside Vim
You can use Vinfo inside Vim with:
:Vinfo doc
Where doc is the Info documentation to read.
Example: Read Glibc Info documentation
:Vinfo libc
3.2 Use outside Vim
When you are not inside a Vim session but in the shell prompt you can invoke Vinfo as a command by using the following shell script:
#! /bin/sh vim -c "Vinfo $1" -c 'only'
Save it in /usr/bin/ as a file named vinfo , give it execution permission with:
$ chmod +x /usr/bin/vinfo
Then from your shell you can read a DOC with:
$ vinfo doc
4. FAQ
4.1 Why the first time I open a Info doc is too slow
The first time Vinfo will create an repo for that Info doc, convert the text files to Vim help-file syntax and create the tags.
Don't worry, it's just the very first time. Then it will be ok.
4.2 Why the first time I open a Info doc Vim interface freaks out?
Because of the same reason of 4.1
But again: Don't worry, it's just the very first time. Then it will be ok.
4.3 My Info files has been updated but Vinfo is still using the old ones
In Vim execute:
:VinfoClean
4.4 Does Vinfo works in Mac or Windows?
No. It's just for GNU/Linux systems. Info is the GNU documentation system
5. MISC
5.1 How it looks
Reading Glibc Info documentation
With traditional Info:
With Vinfo:
Slice The Price Of Fruits And Veggies, Save 200,000 Lives?
Enlarge this image toggle caption iStockphoto iStockphoto
Lowering the price of fruits and vegetables by 30 percent can save nearly 200,000 lives over 15 years — roughly the population of Des Moines, Iowa. That's the message being touted by researchers this week at the American Heart Association's Epidemiology meeting in Phoenix.
We know eating more fruits and vegetables is good for your heart. Now computer models suggest that making that produce more affordable may actually translate into lower death rates from heart disease and stroke. And, the researchers add, lower prices are more effective at saving lives than traditional campaigns designed to encourage consumption of fruits and vegetables, like "5 A Day."
Lower prices for fruits and vegetables meant better health across the population, regardless of age, gender, race and ethnicity, lead researcher Jonathan Pearson-Stuttard, an academic clinical fellow at Imperial College in London, tells us.
Researchers from the U.K. and Tufts University created a tool called the U.S. IMPACT Food Policy Model that included projections of U.S. demographics and cardiovascular death rates to 2030. They then combined the data with current and projected fruit and vegetable intake figures. The model allowed the team to simulate the effects of different policies on eating habits.
"We were able to take a given change of price, and [determine] what that change in price does to consumption levels," says Stuttard.
It's the ability to model outcomes that's new here, says American Heart Association president Dr. Mark Creager, a cardiovascular disease expert.
"They're doing the modeling that will demonstrate how pricing affects health. The best example is what's happened to tobacco. The increase in the cost of the price of cigarettes" deterred some smokers from lighting up, which meant fewer people exposed to the health risks associated with that habit, they say.
"Another example is the price of food like sugar-sweetened beverages," Creager says. Mexico's soda tax has pushed consumption rates down. "It's too early to see outcomes yet, but we can anticipate as they consume less sugar, it will have downstream effects for weight reduction." And therefore, better health.
So far, no national studies have been done looking at how financial incentives drive healthy eating, the researchers say. But a smaller study conducted in Massachusetts between 2011-2012 mirrored the findings of the modeling done at Tufts and Imperial College.
That previous study — the Healthy Incentives Pilot — tested financial incentives for SNAP recipients that were designed to encourage more consumption of fruits and vegetables. Under the program, some SNAP participants received an extra 30 cents for every dollar of SNAP benefits — but could spend the extra money only on targeted fruits and vegetables.
"We did indeed find the incentive worked: Participants purchased more and consumed more fruits and vegetables than SNAP participants that were not receiving the incentive," says Susan Bartlett, principal associate at Abt Associates, a public policy consulting firm that worked on the study.
The findings presented this week don't identify which specific policies should be tweaked to bring the price of produce down. But Dariush Mozaffarian, a cardiologist, epidemiologist and dean of the Friedman School of Nutrition Science and Policy at Tufts University, has some suggestions.
"At state or national levels, general subsidies could be implemented at the farm or wholesaler level," Mozaffarian tells us via email. "Grocery store bonus cards could also be a mechanism for providing lower prices."
Elizabeth Pivonka, president of Produce for Better Health Foundation, a nonprofit working to increase fruit and vegetable consumption, says it isn't necessarily about moving crop subsidies from corn and soybean to broccoli and oranges. It may be more about the USDA simply putting its money where its mouth is.
Produce for Better Health's 2015 GAP Analysis report looked at USDA spending on subsidy programs, promotional programs, research education and more and found that it didn't match with its own dietary guideline recommendations — which encourage Americans to eat more fruits and vegetables and less meat and dairy.
"The government doesn't put as much funding into fruits and vegetables," says Pivonka. Instead, it spends "six times more on the protein group," they say, citing findings from their group's 2015 report.
Bartlett says a better strategy would be a policy that directly relates to the people who are making the purchases.
"Reducing prices for the people at the market is a promising strategy, and making it available to the population you're trying to encourage," says Bartlett.
The end goal, says the American Heart Association's Creager, is to encourage policymakers to have "these conversations about what can be done in communities that will make healthy foods more accessible and more affordable for people, so they'll be encouraged to consume a healthy diet."
Clare Leschin-Hoar is a journalist based in San Diego who covers food policy and sustainability issues.
