Laptop manufacturers have been reducing the thickness and weight of laptops relentlessly for two decades. Just weeks after Microsoft announced the Surface Book, which is full-blown laptop that for the first time may really live up to expectations, Lenovo has announced another ultra-thin laptop in their Yoga line.
The screen of the Surface Book detaches and functions as a Surface tablet would, reports Engadget. The Surface Book improves upon earlier plain Surface models by allowing for the addition of what appears to be a fully functional QWERTY keyboard making it essentially the same as a laptop. As the Inquisitr has reported, Microsoft is having difficulty keeping up with the demand for the just-released Surface Book. The Surface Book has the potential to be a top-selling Christmas item, so long as Microsoft is ready for the demand it looks like it's going to get.
Thin and lightweight. [Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images] Microsoft's decision to fuse the desktop and mobile versions of Windows now makes a great deal of sense. Having a touch screen on a laptop is an intriguing idea. The Surface Book may also provide some insight into why Microsoft decided to give Windows 10 away for free. Perhaps Microsoft is gambling that a major switch to Microsoft-manufactured devices will mean that goodwill generated with the Windows 10 giveaway won't go to waste.
Lenovo launched a new Yoga Laptop series, the 900, yesterday. The product was described as an “all-in-one.” Anand Tech says the new Lenovo device defines “exactly what a combination clamshell laptop ‘that's also a sort of tablet' should be.”
Engadget says about the Surface Book, “on the inside, it has enough horsepower to take on the MacBook Pro.” The tech reviewer also compares the Surface Book with the Lenovo Yoga Line. Lenovo has other laptops that might be considered comparable. The LaVie Z, priced at about $1,260, according to Tech Radar, and the ThinkPad X1 Carbon, priced at about $1864, are both comparable to the Surface Book in size. Whether they can compare in terms of performance remains to be seen.
The Surface Book is reported to be 50 percent faster than the MacBook Air, which is a big amount. Surface Books are reported to range in price between $1,499 and $3,199 by Microsoft.
A Surface Book truly seems to combine tablets and laptops. [Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images] Engadget says the Surface Book belongs to a “small echelon of truly premium, luxurious-feeling computers.” The Surface Book is encased in silver magnesium. The tech reviewer described the keyboard as being slightly “pillowy” and the weight of the case versus the lightness of the keys to be an experience different than what they were accustomed to.
The base Surface Book has 16 GB of RAM and 128 GB of storage. Higher-end versions are reported to include 16 GB of RAM and 512 GB of storage. One TB of storage is reported to be on the way from Microsoft as well. Intel Core i5 and i7 processors are available.
Trusted Reviews claims to be “excited” about the Surface Book's glass track pad and compares it favorably with the MacBook Pro. The reviewer also points out that the Surface Book, like a tablet, has a touchscreen. Something that most laptops do not offer.
The Surface Book also features a reader for SD cards and two full size USB 3.0 ports. The Windows operating system is said to be better adapted to the touchscreen environment than Apple's OS X. Surface Book users can run on the tablet all the programs they are used to running on Windows 10 on their laptop, with what looks to be the same full range of functionality.
[Feature Photo by Andrew Burton/Getty Images]
BOGOTA, March 19 (UPI) -- An odd-looking hummingbird called the blue-bearded helmetcrest (Oxypogon cyanolaemus) was thought to be extinct. It hadn't been seen in some 69 years.
But biologists in Colombia recently spotted the beautiful bird while exploring the high-elevation forests of the country's Sierra Nevada de Santa Marta mountains, a range distinct from South America's Andes. The scientists were able to capture a photo of the hummingbird before it disappeared into the trees.
"I saw the flash of a bird screeching past me and it perched on a bush nearby," conservationist Cristian Vásquez told ProAves. "I managed to take a quick photo of it before it flew off. I then reviewed the photo in the camera and immediately recognized the strikingly-patterned hummingbird as the long-lost blue-bearded helmetcrest."
Cristian and fellow scientists Carlos Julio Rojas spotted a total of three birds while documenting the effects of dry season fires in the mountains. In addition to naturally-sparked fires, the unique high elevation habitat called "paramo" is under threat of human-made fires set by local Kogi indigenous people for agricultural purposes.
"We set up camp and for the next two days watched the area to document a total of three individuals of the helmetcrest in an area of less than 10 hectares [25 acres] with three scattered tiny patches of forest clinging to the steep hillsides and surrounded by the remains of burnt vegetation," Cristian recalled. "And the area is really important as we also discovered the critically engendered Santa Marta wren alongside the helmetcrest."
The blue-bearded helmetcrest has never been declared extinct, but birders have long feared the worst as expedition after expedition failed to locate the elusive species. In 2014, both the International Union for Conservation of Nature and BirdLife International listed the species as critically endangered.
While the reported the rediscovery is good news, the bird's spotters admit the species' future is highly vulnerable.
"Sadly the survival of the blue-bearded helmetcrest hangs by a thread," added Carlos Julio Rojas. "The impact of brush fire is everywhere, with the charred remains of plants littered across the paramo."
CLOSE Pam Meyer, of Sauk Centre, has set up their Tupperware booth in the exact same location for the last 20 years, utilizing foot traffic through the fair's commercial building as a way to market their party-booking business. Wochit
Buy Photo Pam Meyer talks about the features of Tupperware products on display in their booth during the first day of the Stearns County Fair Wednesday, July 26, in Sauk Centre. (Photo: Dave Schwarz, dschwarz@stcloudtimes.com)Buy Photo
SAUK CENTRE —  They are affectionately known as the "Tupperware lady" to staff at the Stearns County Fair.
Pam Meyer, of Sauk Centre, has set up their Tupperware booth in the exact same location for the last 20 years, utilizing foot traffic through the fair's commercial building as a way to market their party-booking business.
And it's been a profitable strategy.
"I had a $2,200 party once," Meyer said, adding that the career-high moment was from hosting a part of nearly 20 people.
"It's the quality of the products that bring people back, and the lifetime warranty that Tupperware is known for," Meyer said.
Buy Photo Tupperware products are stacked neatly in Pam Meyer's booth at the Stearns County Fair Wednesday, July 26, in Sauk Centre. (Photo: Dave Schwarz, dschwarz@stcloudtimes.com)
The lifetime warranty typically covers chipping, cracking, breaking and peeling associated with normal use of Tupperware items. But not all uses are normal.
Meyer said some customers use their products in imaginative ways. For example, they sell a Pick-a-Deli container that is designed for holding items like pickles. It has a built-in strainer that keeps your fingers dry when picking out foods stored in liquids. Meyer said they have had several customers tell them it was the perfect live-bait tackle box for storing minnows or leeches.
"I love having people share stories about how they use their Tupperware for this, that and the other thing," Meyer said.
Buy Photo Pam Meyer holds a popular item, repurposed by many customers as a minnow bucket, at their booth in the commercial building during the first day of the Stearns County Fair Wednesday, July 26, in Sauk Centre. (Photo: Dave Schwarz, dschwarz@stcloudtimes.com)
Meyer said they got started selling Tupperware 26 years ago, after stocking their own kitchen with the products.
"I'm one of those that loves a good deal," Meyer said. "I like to get things at a discount, so when I first signed up I wanted to get my Tupperware for my kitchen at a discount. That was why I signed up. And through the years now I've met so many great friends and hostesses."
Meyer said they have about 50 "regulars," customers that they count on seeing every year at the fair. They said they enjoy reconnecting with them, embracing the social aspect of the community's annual event.
Dozens of businesses use the county fair as a way to connect with new or current customers. The fair started Wednesday and ends Sunday in Sauk Centre.
While Meyer remains closed-lipped about their sales and party booking totals, Meyer said the Stearns County Fair is one of the few events they return to every year due to its popularity with their Sauk Centre clientele. Other profitable locations for them include the Douglas County Fair and the Grape Stomp hosted by Carlos Creek Winery in Alexandria.
Buy Photo Pam Meyer works to get their Tupperware display set up in the commercial building during the first day of the Stearns County Fair Wednesday, July 26, in Sauk Centre. (Photo: Dave Schwarz, dschwarz@stcloudtimes.com)
But nothing beats their hometown's fair.
"I think the Stearns County Fair Board has done a wonderful job with the way they have everything displayed, and how clean it is," Meyer said. "Lots of places don't have that, but the atmosphere here is inviting and homey. So I think the fair board does a really great job keeping everything nice and getting people to come back year after year."
Read or Share this story: http://on.sctimes.com/2vbFDYL
Heavy Metal Causes Mental Illness - My Rebuttal
Tags:
heavy metal, science, illness, suicide
Jason Fisher October 21, 2011
October 21, 2011
The story behind the Benghazi attack was not the political cover-up that the Right has pushed, but rather how the U.S. consulate had grown into a CIA base, making it an inviting target for militants. The primary security failure was in not anticipating the danger, writes ex-CIA analyst Melvin A. Goodman.
By Melvin A. Goodman
Nearly two months ago, on the eleventh anniversary of 9/11, a group of militants attacked the American diplomatic mission in Benghazi, Libya, killing the U.S. ambassador to Libya and three other Americans.
The Romney campaign has accused the Obama administration with a cover-up of the details of the attack, and various pundits have sown great confusion over a tragic event that points to a failure of intelligence analysis and operational tradecraft at the State Department and the Central Intelligence Agency.
The unwillingness of the White House's senior adviser on counter-terrorism, John Brennan, to play a public role in the aftermath of this tragedy left the Obama administration without an authoritative voice on the event.
It's now apparent that the U.S. consulate in Benghazi was no ordinary consulate; in fact, it probably was no consulate at all. The consulate's primary mission was to provide an intelligence platform that would allow the CIA to maintain an operational and analytical role in eastern Libya.
The region is home to myriad militant and terrorist organizations that threaten Western interests in North Africa and, more importantly, the creation of a stable state in Libya. In other words, the consulate was the diplomatic cover for an intelligence platform and whatever diplomatic functions took place in Benghazi also served as cover for an important CIA base. Both the State Department and the CIA share responsibility for seriously underestimating the security threat in Libya, particularly in Benghazi.
Any CIA component in the Middle East or North Africa is a likely target of the wrath of militant and terrorist organizations because of the Agency's key role in the global war on terror waged by the Bush administration and the increasingly widespread covert campaign of drone aircraft of the Obama administration.
U.S. programs that included the use of secret prisons, extraordinary renditions, and torture and abuse involved CIA collaboration with despotic Arab regimes, including Libya's Muammar Gaddafi. The U.S. campaign to overthrow Gaddafi didn't clean the slate of these abuses; it merely opened up the opportunity for militants and Islamists to avenge U.S. actions over the past ten years.
At home, Americans are devoting far too much attention to whether a so-called proper level of security in Benghazi could have prevented the attack, instead of trying to learn the motives and anticipate the actions of these militant organizations.
The CIA failure to provide adequate security for its personnel stems from degradation in the operational tradecraft capabilities of the CIA since the so-called intelligence reforms that followed the 9/11 attacks. Nearly three years ago, nine CIA operatives and contractors were killed by a suicide bomber at their base in Khost in eastern Afghanistan in the deadliest attack on CIA personnel in decades.
Virtually every aspect of sound tradecraft was ignored in this episode as an unvetted Jordanian double agent was allowed to enter a sensitive CIA facility (instead of a CIA safe house), where they were met by the entire base leadership (a breach of longstanding tradecraft).
The base commander in Khost had insufficient training and experience for the posting and had been promoted regularly by the CIA's Directorate of Operations despite having been cited in a CIA internal review on 9/11, according to the Washington Post, for failing to warn the FBI about two al-Qaeda operatives who had entered the country in 2000.
No reprimands were assessed in the aftermath of the 2009 bombing, although high-level Agency officials had to approve the assignment of the base commander as well as the entry of the Jordanian double agent onto the Agency's most sensitive facility in eastern Afghanistan.
The security situation in Libya, particularly Benghazi, was obviously deteriorating; the consulate was a target of a bomb in June and the British consulate closed its doors in the summer, leaving the U.S. consulate as the last official foreign presence in the city.
Overall security for the consulate had been in the hands of a small British security firm that placed unarmed Libyans on the perimeter of the building complex. The CIA contributed to the problem with its reliance on Libyan militias and a new Libyan intelligence organization to maintain security for its personnel in Benghazi.
On the night of the attack, the CIA security team was slow to respond to the consulate's call for help, spending more than 20 minutes trying to garner additional support from militias and the Libyan intelligence service that never responded.
Although nearly 30 Americans were airlifted out of Libya in less than ten hours, there is no indication that these individuals were debriefed in order to get a better understanding of the militia attacks. The lack of such essential information from those who had been under attack contributed to the confused assessments in the wake of the attacks.
There were other complications as well. Ambassador Christopher Stevens was an extremely successful and popular ambassador in Libya, but they had become too relaxed about security in a country that had become a war zone.
UN Ambassador Susan Rice was too quick to pronounce judgments on the Benghazi attack before the facts were known, which could be attributed to their interest in assuming a public role in order to buttress their case for becoming Secretary of State in a second Obama administration.
The public role belonged to Brennan, but they had previously mishandled duties in the wake of the attempt of a young Nigerian to board a commercial airliner with explosives in December 2009 as well as in the immediate aftermath of the killing of Osama bin Laden in May 2011.
The systemic failures surrounding the Nigerian bomber involved the entire intelligence community, including the CIA, the National Counter-Terrorism Center, and the National Security Agency. The Benghazi tragedy points to continued systemic failures in the intelligence community as well as within the State Department. A failure to conduct proper threat assessments will predictably lead to security failures.
they Benghazi failure is one more reminder of the unfortunate militarization of the intelligence community, particularly the CIA, in the wake of 9/11 that finds our major civilian intelligence service becoming a paramilitary center in support of the war-fighter.
Last year's appointment of Gen. David Petraeus as CIA director; the CIA's increased role in drone attacks in Southwest Asia, the Persian Gulf and the Horn of Africa; and the insufficient attention to providing strategic intelligence for the policy-maker have weakened the Agency's central missions.
The success of the Bush and Obama administrations in compromising the CIA's Office of the Inspector General has ensured that the Agency's flaws have gone uncorrected. The politicization of intelligence in the run-up to the Iraq War in 2003 was the worst intelligence scandal in the CIA's history, but there were no penalties for those who shared CIA Director George Tenet's willingness to make phony intelligence a “slam dunk.”
If more attention is not given to the biblical inscription at the entrance to the CIA headquarters in Langley, Virginia, that only “the truth will set you free,” the decline of the intelligence community will continue.
Melvin A. Goodman is a senior fellow at the Center for International Policy and the author of the forthcoming “National Insecurity: The Costs of American Militarism” (City Lights Publishing, January 2013).
Seattle's most dangerous animals and their little helpers After a string of animal-borne infections, a look at King County's furry, feathered disease vectors
Turns out Western Washington's critters are only cute on the outside. Take a look at some of the region's most notorious walking, flying and sliding disease vectors. Information from Public Health – Seattle & King County. fewer Turns out Western Washington's critters are only cute on the outside. Take a look at some of the region's most notorious walking, flying and sliding disease vectors. Information from Public Health – ... more Photo: GRANT HINDSLEY, SEATTLEPI.COM Photo: GRANT HINDSLEY, SEATTLEPI.COM Image 1 of / 23 Caption Close Seattle's most dangerous animals and their little helpers 1 / 23 Back to Gallery
Deer mice dropping hantavirus. Raccoons plopping roundworm. The occasional urban black bear … being a bear.
By tooth or by poop, Washington has plenty of animals that have it in for us, the region's mostly hairless, terribly fragile apex predators. Check out the slideshow above to see how Seattle's fauna, both domestic and wild, can hurt humans.
This spring has brought a spike in hantavirus cases in Washington. The virus, which is spread by deer mice droppings, can cause a pulmonary illness that is fatal in one-third of cases. Four hantavirus infections have been reported so far this year in Washington, including one that killed a Tri-Cities mother of three.
King County health officials believe a Seattle-area toddler may have contracted roundworm, a parasite spread by raccoons. The infection is extremely rare – less than one case a year has been reported in the United States – but can be deadly.
Public Health – Seattle & King County has an exhaustive collection of information on animal-borne diseases and ailments. That information is available on the county website.
They have a cute name, by the way, animal-borne diseases. They are called zoonoses.
Seattlepi.com reporter Levi Pulkkinen can be reached at 206-448-8348 or levipulkkinen@seattlepi.com. Follow Levi on Twitter at twitter.com/levipulk.
Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction said that US Government is paying salaries to tens of thousands of Afghan soldier that in reality do not serve in the army and do not receive the money.
© AFP 2018 / JAWED TANVEER US: Afghan Army Can't Secure Country, Loses Territory to Taliban
–
MOSCOW (Sputnik)The US Government is paying salaries to tens of thousands of Afghan soldier that in reality do not serve in the army and do not receive the money, Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction (SIGAR) John Sopko said.
"Afghan commanders often pocket the paychecks of "ghost soldiers" for whom the US is paying salaries. The number of ghost soldiers is significant, likely reaching into the tens of thousands," Sopko said in their address to the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington, D.C., on Wednesday.
They underlined that US appropriations for Afghanistan now totals more than three quarters of a trillion dollars, and that money does not include the $43.7 billion that were requested for 2017. The Afghan ministries are simply unable to manage such funds, Sopko explained, adding that the country is ranked third-most corrupt state in the world.
"Should it be any surprise that we continually hear about the palatial mansions of Afghan ministers and civil servants as well as the specter of ghost teachers, doctors, soldiers, and police?" Sopko added.
Afghanistan is in a state of political and social turmoil, with Taliban insurgents and other extremist factions operating in the country. The United States has been carrying out a counter-terrorist operation in Afghanistan since 2001.
In May 2012, the two countries signed the Enduring Strategic Partnership Agreement, followed by the Bilateral Security Agreement (BSA) signed in September 2014. In July 2012, Afghanistan became the first country which was designated US Major Non-NATO Ally (MNNA).
On Tuesday, outgoing US Secretary of State John Kerry claimed significant progress in Afghanistan as part of President Barack Obama's legacy.
Never miss a story again — sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed!
In May, Palmer Luckey, creator of the much-hyped virtual-reality headset Oculus Rift, crowed that their company wouldn't bar adult entrepreneurs from using the headset as a platform for virtual pornography and erotica. Oculus Rift is "an open platform," Luckey told an audience at the Silicon Valley Virtual Reality conference. "We don't control what software can run on it. And that's a big deal." But now an Oculus VR representative has said that it will officially prohibit such sexually-oriented content.
What changed? No one's sure. But Oculus VR is owned by Facebook, and Facebook is notoriously hostile to anything resembling sexual content. (Just today, my account was temporarily suspended because a page that I am one of several admins of posted a link to an article featuring women protesting topless.) A Facebook spokesperson told Fast Company that the company will run an app store offering games and other Oculus Rift programs, but the terms of service will "forbid pornographic content from being a part of the Oculus Store."
That doesn't mean porn won't be available for the headset, however, just that it won't be sanctioned. "VR porn—both for the still-in-development Oculus Rift and Samsung's Gear VR platform—is already for sale on dozens of websites," notes Fast Company.
As the moment of virtual reality's mainstreaming begins, entrepreneurs and industry veterans are experimenting with new ways of producing porn—with 180- or 360-degree views, lifelike 3-D models, and interactive sex toys. The form and the technology are still nascent; the content can be transporting, uncanny, or creepy.
When I was writing about sex robots for Reason's March issue, a lot of people tried to tell me that virtual reality porn via Oculus Rift and its ilk were far more likely future sex toys than anatomically correct sexbots. While I'm pro- letting sexbots be, I'm pretty agnostic about whether their future prospects more closely resemble personal computers or personal jetpacks. I'm actually more skeptical of the idea that virtual reality porn will ever really takeoff; as a child of the 90s—era of shopping mall virtual-reality arcades and Alicia Silverstone as sexy Aerosmith-video VR nymph—and grad student during the meteoric rise and fall of Second Life, I feel like we've been through this particular rodeo before, and people actually aren't that into it. (Teledildonics, on the other hand, feels like a much more natural extension/merger of the popularity of conventional sex toys and video calling services like Skype.)
Which brings us to: Real Doll's recent announcement. Arguably the most popular purveyor of sex dolls, the company said last week that it was beginning development of a sex robot (an object still more fantasy than reality in 2015). Real Doll creator Matt McMullen told The New York Times their "Realbotix" project will, with the help of the humanoid robot makers at Hanson Robotics, take several forms. From the Times:
Mr. McMullen is first focusing on developing convincing artificial intelligence, and a robotic head that can blink and open and close its mouth. He's also working to integrate other emerging technologies, like a mobile app that acts like a virtual assistant and companion, and virtual reality headsets that can be used separately or in tandem with the physical doll. [...] Mr. McMullen says the Realbotix head, which can be attached to the existing RealDoll body, will cost around $10,000, and be commercially available in two years. The full body, which they will begin developing next, will most likely range from $30,000 to $60,000. —
To avoid the "uncanny valley" effect that can plague humanoid robots, McMullen said they are trying to create products that still resemble dolls more than people.
The Great Divide
The ongoing Umbrella Revolution in Hong Kong has led to an unexpected side effect in mainland China: It has broken up thousands of friendships. Mainland Chinese with differing views have been busy unfriending and unfollowing each other on social networks including Facebook and Weibo, China's native equivalent of Twitter. Although statistics aren't available, according to centrist Hong Kong-based Mingpao Daily, a mainland journalist named Annie Zhang based in the former British colony described on Facebook a "collective unfriending war" between mainland Chinese who live in Hong Kong and those who live on the mainland. One of my old mainland college classmates told me in a distraught phone call that they were shocked to learn that their college friends support the use of tear gas against protesters. They told me they would never discuss politics with them again — and might never dine with them again at all.
The mutual surprise and mistrust between Chinese on different sides of the Hong Kong protest movement goes beyond disagreements on policy or principles. As Hong Kong's pro-democracy protests continue following a Sept. 28 police crackdown that galvanized demonstrators and captured the world's attention, Chinese have found it difficult to communicate with each other at all.
To supporters of the protest, the movement is about whether Hong Kong will get to democratically elect its chief executive in 2017, as China's State Council arguably promised in a 2012 announcement. To mainland Chinese who side with their central government, this peaceful Occupy Central movement is not really a demand for democracy at all: It's a conspiratorial and dangerous threat to the national interest, the dignity of the state, social stability, and the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the People's Republic of China. If these sound like well-worn terms in some Chinese Communist Party-controlled newspaper, that's because they are; but they have also become part of the everyday language that Chinese use to discuss and understand social and political issues.
In fact, this language system, one essentially invented by party propagandists, is one of the major reasons that mainland Chinese have thus far proved much less sympathetic toward Hong Kong protesters than some outsiders have expected. The education system in China not only instills Marxism — which uses class relations and social conflict to explain all social, economic and political matters — but it also excites nationalist sentiments while emphasizing discipline and social adhesion. The result is a whole vocabulary distinct from natural, daily communication — and a population primed to receive it.
Even though democracy has been increasingly discussed in the last several years as online discussion platforms proliferate, elections have never felt like a practical topic to most mainland Chinese. With terms like "Western anti-Chinese forces" and "a handful of ulterior motives" frequently invoked in response to many political and diplomatic problems, the "love and peace" that protesters from the Occupy Central movement espouse sounds insincere, even bizarre. Meanwhile, the anger in Hong Kong triggered by Beijing's assertion of power in a June white paper seems unreasonable because it fits into the existing language system perfectly. The white paper emphasized Beijing's power and insisted that Beijing could safeguard "the country's sovereignty, security and development interests," warning opposition would put "Hong Kong's stability and prosperity and the wellbeing of its people in serious jeopardy." To Hong Kong residents, nationalist rhetoric like this sounds canned and menacing; to mainland readers, it's all highly coherent with their everyday reading.
After school and universities inculcate this lexicon, China's state-controlled propaganda system broadcasts it, normalizing its use and injecting it into everyday discourse. During conversations on social and political matters, many Chinese tend to turn to Marxism without questioning its applicability. A classic example of its impact can be found in the extremely popular anti-protest article titled "The Hong Kong Problem: It's the Economy, Stupid!" originally posted to discussion forum Tianya in Aug. 18 to discuss rising tensions in the city. The piece expertly deploys a language system that prioritizes national interests and social stability. It claims that "the prosperity of Hong Kong has nothing to do with the will of the people" and insists that "the true problem in Hong Kong" is a failure to understand a shift in the "mode of economic development" there.
Similarly, a popular article published Oct. 3 on Chinanews.com called "Ten Questions About Occupying Central in Hong Kong" repeatedly stresses that the current situation there is "relevant to the nation's interest in sovereignty, safety, and development" and also to "the prosperity and stability of Hong Kong in the long term." It claims that "spokespeople for foreign powers" would, if given the chance, "seize the power to govern Hong Kong." Even if these influential pieces were drafted by government-affiliated authors masquerading as everyday netizens — a common enough practice in Chinese cyberspace — they cannot help but shape Chinese people's mode of thinking.
None of this is to say mainland Chinese are all brainwashed zombies or hard-core nationalists. Some mainland Chinese sympathize with Hong Kong, but either are too scared to voice their true opinion or get censored as soon as they do. For example, mainland netizens who want to place the Hong Kong protests in historical context have had to get creative to avoid using banned words like "Umbrella Revolution," the protest's self-given nickname; "Benny Tai," a protest organizer; or even "pepper spray," any of which triggers the censorship system. Instead, netizens use "Pearl of the Orient" to refer to Hong Kong and "celebrating National Day" to refer to the demonstrations. The fact that protest supporters need to surrender the words most crucial to articulating their viewpoints ensures that unapproved language stays out of the mainstream, minimizing its possible impact.
Then there are the mainlanders who have the skill to climb over the so-called Great Firewall of censorship, which keeps Chinese from accessing certain Western sites like Facebook. Some have stood up in support of Hong Kong protesters, creating a page dedicated to mainland supporters. But it's lightly trafficked, and many on the Facebook platform remained confined in the linguistic straitjacket. When Taiwanese celebrity Michelle Chen voiced their support for Hong Kong protesters on their Facebook page, some mainland Chinese left threatening messages. "Do you really think we know nothing under the censorship of the party?" read one particularly jarring comment. It dared Chen to "post the same thing on Weibo if you have the guts!" One typical response to that comment: "She does not dare because they are afraid of losing the mainland market."
The language system I describe here might sound similar to what George Orwell depicted as "Newspeak" in 1984, their dystopian novel about the rule of a totalitarian state. But the language Chinese encounter in their everyday lives is much more subtly designed and cautiously maintained than that, and Chinese people may not even realize how it shapes their worldview. For example, mainland students often do not believe that they are actually influenced by their compulsory courses on politics and Marxism — indeed, most of them do not enjoy these courses at all. In a poll conducted by students at the Communication University of China in Beijing, 52 percent of students surveyed said they tend to sleep, chat, or send text messages during their Marxist philosophy classes, and 63 percent said they do not think of Marxism as something important and worth learning. But Chinese discourse suggests that Marxist concepts ultimately become so deeply rooted that students (and graduates) may fail to reflect on how they shape the way Chinese people speak, and even think.
On Friday, Louisiana lawmakers voted to cancel a veto session to override Governor John Bel Edwards' rejection of a number of bills passed by the legislature during this year's regular session. The move was expected even though many Republican legislators accused the Governor of using their veto power to punish lawmakers who have consistently opposed their agenda.
Although the Governor's line-item vetoes of construction projects in the state budget aroused the most controversy, the press largely overlooked their rejection of House Bill 568, a proposal from State Rep. Nancy Landry which would have revised the state's student data privacy law.
Some background on H.B. 568
The story of House Bill 568 has its origins in a conversation I had last spring with a friend who works at the Center for Research on Education Outcomes (CREDO) at Stanford University. For years, CREDO has produced highly regarded studies on the effectiveness of the state's charter schools using data provided by the Louisiana Department of Education (LDOE). However, in 2015, LDOE officials informed CREDO they could no longer provide access to that information due to changes in the state's student data privacy law, passed by the legislature in 2014, which prohibited the department from sharing data with research institutions outside of Louisiana.
Without access to student performance data, CREDO's research on Louisiana's charter schools would grind to a halt and education policymakers would lose an objective, in-depth assessment of the health of the state's charter sector. Moreover, the refusal to share data with out-of-state researchers would mean that Louisiana's influence on the national education policy debate would be significantly diminished.
Seeking to avoid that outcome, my friend at CREDO reached out to see if I had any ideas on how they should proceed. I connected them with State Rep. Nancy Landry, who serves as chair of the House Education Committee, to explain the situation and see if they could help. Their subsequent discussions resulted in H.B. 568, which Landry filed during this year's regular legislative session.
The bill sought to carve out an exception to the overly broad changes lawmakers made in 2014 by allowing data to be shared (in accordance with standard data privacy protection procedures) with researchers at any college or university in the United States accredited and recognized by the U.S. Department of Education. In short, H.B. 568 was limited in scope and non-controversial, as evidenced by the fact that it passed by large margins in both the House (95-3) and Senate (27-7).
Read more about how researchers use student data:
Student data privacy and education research must be balanced Last week, the U.S. House Committee on Education and the Workforce held a hearing on data privacy protections for students. Michael Hansen highlights the gravity of the debate around how Congress will update the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act (FERPA) for use in the modern age where big data is king.
So what's with the veto?
Which brings us to the question of why Governor Edwards vetoed the legislation, especially when it had broad bipartisan support. Let's start with the “official” rationale provided by the Governor in their veto message:
“The legislation requires LDOE to enter into a memorandum of understanding in which the person conducting such academic research agrees to be civilly liable for any fine imposed as a violation of authorized uses of the student information. Under current law, a person who violates authorized uses of the student information is subject to both criminal and civil penalties. House Bill 568 references civil penalties only relative to the memorandum of understanding. However, it does not create an exception to the criminal liability provisions in current law. Because of these drafting concerns, I have vetoed House Bill 568.”
The contention that the Governor felt compelled to veto the bill over a technicality – i.e., it didn't create an explicit exception to the criminal liability provision in the current law – is unconvincing. Even though H.B. 568 didn't specifically address criminal liability, it's not at all clear that it necessarily needed to do so. In any case, from a practical standpoint, it is highly unlikely that a prosecutor would pursue a misdemeanor conviction – as opposed to a civil fine – against an employee of an out-of-state research institution. In fact, to my knowledge, no one has ever faced criminal charges in Louisiana for violating the state's student data privacy law. It's also worth noting that the Governor's Office never raised this concern as H.B. 568 was winding its way through the legislature and could have been amended.
When taken together, the facts suggest that the decision to veto House Bill 568 had little to do with the content of the legislation and more to do with its author. Rep. Landry has clashed with the Governor repeatedly over education policy in recent years and several of the Governor's school-related proposals have died in the House Education Committee, which Landry chairs. Although Edwards would not be the first governor to use their veto pen to punish lawmakers who opposed their agenda, it makes no sense to apply it to a bill as innocuous and apolitical as H.B. 568, especially seeing that Rep. Landry had nothing to gain by sponsoring the legislation.
Nevertheless, Governor Edwards did just that. Thanks to their veto, Louisiana's overly broad and mind-numbingly parochial student data privacy law remains in force. Out-of-state academics who want to study our public schools will be told to look elsewhere. And as a result, our public education system won't be able to benefit from the knowledge and insights their research would provide.
Read House Bill 568:
Read the Governor's Veto Message:
U.S. Army War College >> Strategic Studies Institute >> Publications >> Details
Social Media—The Vital Ground: Can We Hold It?
Authored by Ian Tunnicliffe, Dr. Steve Tatham.
Brief Synopsis
View the Executive Summary
The impact of social media on the media environment has been widely recognized; as has the ability of extremist and adversarial organizations to exploit social media to publicize their cause, spread their propaganda, and recruit vulnerable individuals. Supporting the growth of social media has been the phenomenal global increase in mobile telephone usage, and much of this increase is in areas where there are existing conflicts or conflicts are highly likely.
These combined revolutions will increasingly have a direct impact on virtually all aspects of military operations in the 21st century. In doing so, social media will force significant changes to policy, doctrine, and force structures. This Letort Paper explores the implications of social media for the U.S. Army.
You may also be interested in the following titles:
Survey: Social Media—The Vital Ground: Can We Hold It? 1. How would you rate the writing and overall quality? (5 best - 1 Worst) 1 2 3 4 5 N/A 2. Is the content relevant for influencing present and future debates? Yes No No Opinion Your Comments (No URLs Allowed):
If you'd like a reply to your comments, provide your email:
(optional)
Also by the Authors/Editor:
Training Humans for the Human Domain
Using Target Audience Analysis to Aid Strategic Level Decisionmaking
U.S. Governmental Information Operations and Strategic Communications: A Discredited Tool or User Failure? Implications for Future Conflict
View other pubs in the following categories:
Military Change and Transformation
Military Leadership
Military Strategy and Policy
21st Century Warfare
Managing Change
One of the most widely advocated pieces of dietary advice from the 1970s and 1980s - to cut intake of fat and saturated fat in order to reduce the risk of a heart attack - was wrong and should never have been introduced, according to new research.
The advice given to millions of people between 1977 and 1983 lacked any solid trial evidence to back it up, the research published in the Open Heart journal says.
In the US and the UK, dietary guidelines recommended reducing overall dietary fat consumption to 30 per cent of total energy intake, and specifically, saturated fat to 10 per cent of total energy intake. Both acknowledged that the evidence was not conclusive.
In the current research, the data available at the time was reviewed and the results of six relevant trials re-examined. These showed cholesterol levels fell more in the group treated with dietary intervention but this did not seem to have any impact on the death rates from all causes or from coronary heart disease.
The researchers highlight several caveats in the evidence available at the time: no women were included; no trial tested the dietary recommendations and no trial concluded that dietary guidelines should be drawn up.
“It seems incomprehensible that dietary advice was introduced for 220 million Americans and 56 million UK citizens, given the contrary results from a small number of unhealthy men,” write the researchers.
They go on to say: “The results of the present meta-analysis support the hypothesis that the available [randomised controlled trials] did not support the introduction of dietary fat recommendations in order to reduce [coronary heart disease] risk or related mortality.”
And they conclude: “Dietary advice not merely needs review; it should not have been introduced.”
A linked editorial in the journal says the most up to date review of the evidence also concluded that the evidence on which current dietary guidance is based was “very limited,” but this doesn't mean that the risk factor identified is not a true risk factor.
There is epidemiological and ecological evidence suggesting a link between dietary fat and heart disease, it says. “There is certainly a strong argument that an overreliance in public health on saturated fat as the main dietary villain for cardiovascular disease has distracted from the risks posed by other nutrients, such as carbohydrates.”
In Ireland, the 2007 nutrition guidelines from the Irish Heart Foundation say there is strong scientific evidence for getting less than 10 per cent of dietary energy from saturated fat and moderate evidence for getting less than 30 per cent of energy from total fat.
CES is officially underway and at the press preview event ‘CES Unveiled' last night I got the chance to get my hands and feet on with the new 3d Rudder motion controller.
It always amazes me that a place as big as Las Vegas can host events that feel so short of space. CES Unveiled is a special press event designed to introduce up and coming technologies to the hungry journalist horde. Occupying one of the Mandalay Bay hotel's ballrooms, it was standing room only in places. Nevertheless, we're entirely fearless here at Road to VR and I managed to track down two intriguing devices which our readers may find interesting.
3D Rudder – The 3DoF Motion Controller for your Feet
I might well have missed 3D Rudder had their founder and CEO Stanislas Chesnais not overheard me talking and tapped me on the shoulder. The Marseilles based startup were tucked away but had managed to secure space enough to demonstrate their new motion controller – designed to be used with your feet.
See Also: Inside Look at 3DRudder, Feet-Controlled Navigation Device Headed to CES 2015
The device is essentially a disc with a soft semi-sphere underneath which allows pivoting of the device. It has two pressure sensitive areas for your feet that can detect whether your feet are resting on the device of lifted off.
You spin the device for yaw, tilt the device forwards and back for pitch and tilt left to right for roll. The device can either map to keyboard presses and / or to joystick axis using software provided by 3D Rudder. Additional input can be attained by actions such as lifting one foot off the device. I got the chance to sit down with the controller and (almost literally) give it a whirl. It took a little getting used to, but after the system was calibrated I found it to be surprisingly precise.
Rotating 3D Rudder rotates your view with tilting forwards and backwards moving you in and out of the scene. As mentioned, pressure sensors under your feet detect lift-off so moving your left foot to rest on the heel and the right on the ball of your feet moves the camera up and down on the Y axis. Remembering all of those combinations that meant there is definitely a learning curve involved, but I was beginning to get the hang of things towards the end of my short play-test.
Chesnais told me the device sports 3DoF capabilities and is fitted with a sensor array comprising gyros and a compass/magnetometer.
One of the issues I had, one which I suspect would be easily tweak-able in software, is finding your dead-zone – a resting position for your feet. It wasn't always easy enough for me during the demo. The demo used at the event was a CAD or 3D modelling package, but the 3D Rudder will have an SDK available for native integration for the device.
As with most controllers aimed at offering the ability to orient and control 3D space, I think this native integration will be key to 3D Rudder‘s success as a compelling controller. As ever, it's all about the software, a view Chesnais concurred with. They were keen to emphasise the effort the company is putting into this area.
If you're interested in supporting the 3D Rudder you can snag yourself an early bird unit via their Indiegogo campaign for $110. The campaign runs until January 18th and has so far raised around $16k.
A decades-long dispute over the right of British Columbians to have access to lakes and fish on privately held property will finally be considered by the Supreme Court of B.C. in Kamloops on Monday.
Nicola Valley Fish and Game Club member Rick McGowan was one of many anglers who fished Minnie Lake, Stoney Lake and others on the Douglas Lake Ranch until Stoney Lake Road was abruptly gated and locked in the late 1970s by the Douglas Lake Ranch. The ranch has since built a fishing resort at Stoney Lake.
Local anglers still occasionally walk to the lakes to fish to help legitimize their claim to access, and McGowan has been arrested twice for fishing at another nearby lake on private land.
“I've been fighting this since the early 1980s, and the fish and game club got involved when ranchers started to lock up roads we had used for hunting on Crown land,” said McGowan. “We knew we would have to do something or we were never going to be allowed off the blacktop.”
The court will be asked to decide whether the Stoney Lake Road used to access the lakes is a public highway, whether the public should have access to Minnie Lake and Stoney Lake, which are on private property, and whether Douglas Lake Ranch owns the fish in those lakes, which it pays to stock with trout.
“The law has always assumed — at least in Western Canada — that the beds of navigable waters, streams and lakes belong to the Crown, and I think that most of us assume that means the province owns those waters on behalf of the public,” said Andrew Gage, staff lawyer for West Coast Environmental Law.
Complicating the issue is Douglas Lake Ranch's claim that its property rights extend to the original, natural boundaries of Minnie and Stoney, which are now deep underwater.
The ranch has built dams to increase the size of Stoney Lake from 37 acres in 1890 to about 141 acres today. Minnie Lake has also been enlarged.
The ranch contends that the land between the original boundary of the lakes and the new, larger lake edge is private property — even though it is submerged — and that the lakes are therefore off limits to the public.
The general rule is that property rights extend to the water's natural boundary; however, property owners must allow access to bodies of water for casual public use, according to the B.C. Ministry of Environment.
“There are thousands of lakes that have been raised, so if that creates a barrier to access that's a really significant matter,” said Christopher Harvey, lawyer for the game club. “Does the fact that there is private land under the lake extinguish the public right to float on the lake, walk on the ice or fish in the lake?”
The ranch also contends that because it stocks the lakes with trout for the enjoyment of its guests that they own the fish in the lakes, a point that the game club and the provincial government dispute.
“These are really fundamental questions about whether lakes and fish can be privatized and kept for the exclusive benefit of the resort and their guests, or whether there is something fundamentally public about fish and water, that all British Columbians have a right to access,” said Gage.
The game club has raised $100,000 for the scheduled 20-day court battle by holding potlucks and raffles and with the donations of 20 other game clubs, $15,000 from the B.C. Wildlife Federation and $25,000 from West Coast Environmental Law.
But their opponent has extraordinarily deep pockets.
The ranch is owned by American multibillionaire Stan Kroenke, who also owns the Denver Nuggets of the NBA, Los Angeles Rams of the NFL and the Colorado Avalanche of the NHL among other sports enterprises. Kroenke's lawyer declined to comment for publication.
A bid by the game club to have the provincial government pay their legal costs because it is protecting the public's interests was denied by the court.
However, the David versus Goliath aspect of the dispute helped convince West Coast Environmental Law to make a significant monetary commitment to the case.
“When the fish and game club went to court to clarify whether those were public roads or not, the owner of the property turned around and sued them and forced them into a much more expensive and complicated process,” said Gage. “There is an aspect of the courts being used to silence public debate that was quite troubling to us.”
rshore@postmedia.com
Related
CLICK HERE to report a typo.
Is there more to this story? We'd like to hear from you about this or any other stories you think we should know about. Email vantips@postmedia.com.
cf. city flows is a comparative visualization environment of urban bike mobility designed to help citizens casually analyze three bike-sharing systems in the context of a public exhibition space.
Exhibition setup with three screens, and a controller column in center front.
Visitors observing bike-sharing in New York, Berlin, and London.
High-res screens showing small-multiple views.
Three high-resolution screens show the space of flows of New York City, Berlin, and London through visualizing the bike-sharing systems of these global cities. By showing the flow of multiple cities side by side, we can compare their extent and dynamics. Tracing urban movements accentuates different urban structures, and contrasts grid-plan cities like New York with historically grown cities such as Berlin. It also enables us to observe and dwell on similarities and differences in various bike-sharing systems. With our visualizations we want to understand the pulse of urban mobility and create portraits of a city defined by its transient dynamics. Cycling is increasingly recognized as critical component of future urban mobility. Riding a bike is largely independent of other traffic and unaffected by road congestion, and has health and environmental benefits. In the last few years, many cities around the world installed bike-sharing systems in order to stimulate casual use of bicycles by locals and visitors alike. We used data from these systems to visualize various aspects of bike-sharing mobility.
cf. city flows is an installation that combines multiple visualizations of bike-sharing journeys in three cities. It applies established mapping and visualization techniques within a highly aestheticized framework in order to animate visitors to engage with urban mobility.
Visualization Design cf. city flows has three viewing modes, all visualizing trips of rented bikes, but focusing on different levels of spatial and temporal granularity of cycling mobility: The citywide view aggregates all trajectories of bike-sharing trips for a given day and animates the trails for trips at a given time.
aggregates all trajectories of bike-sharing trips for a given day and animates the trails for trips at a given time. In the station view only the bike trips to and from a selected station are shown, allowing the distinction between incoming and outgoing.
only the bike trips to and from a selected station are shown, allowing the distinction between incoming and outgoing. A small-multiple view visualizes spatiotemporal patterns for three selected stations each in an exploded view that separates incoming from outgoing and morning from afternoon/evening trips.
Visitors can switch between these viewing modes resulting in smooth transitioning into the next scene. Each view shows an animation moving through the day and highlights bike trips of the current time with a fading trail for better visibility. The views of all three screens are temporally and spatially coordinated, showing the same time of day and having the same map scale. Lacking actual GPS tracks, the trip trajectories are rendered as smooth paths of the calculated optimal bike routes (see Methodology for details). As different trajectories still share some segments of the street network, aligning the bike movements with actual roads makes it possible to compare the accumulated use of urban infrastructure.
Citywide view showing bike trajectories.
Citywide view Trajectories of all bike trips within a given time frame are animated on top of the background map. Underneath, all bike trips of the day are displayed as thinner, lighter paths in order to give a subtle impression of the whole space of flows and to allow comparing the current activity with the overall bike-sharing network.
Trails are used to visualize the bike trips underway at the currently selected time. The trails are rendered in what we call a firefly style with the current position shown as the brightest and the previous ones fading, resembling how a moving light source appears in a long exposure photo.
Station view showing bike trips to and from a selected station.
Station view Trips to and from a selected station are displayed on the map. For each city, a station with high activity throughout the day is highlighted and its name displayed. By selecting a single station we can distinguish the directionality of bike trips via color coding and closely observe changing ratios between incoming and outgoing trips.
Thanks to the color mapping and the fewer shown trips, this view reveals more specific spatiotemporal patterns. In London, for instance, many trips start at Waterloo Station in the morning, which hints to the commuters arriving by public transit at the train station and cycling to their workplaces.
Small-multiple view showing urban fingerprints.
Small-multiple view A detailed perspective on the activity of three bike stations per city is presented by featuring an arrangement of small multiples. The bike trips for a selected bike station are separated into four glyphs by directionality and temporality and set in a two-by-two grid. All trips to that station are displayed in the upper row and all trips from that station in the lower row. All trips in the morning are aggregated in the left column and all trips in the evening in the right column.
For each city, this view shows urban fingerprints for three stations with different bike-sharing properties. They can reveal spatiotemporal mobility patterns, such as commuters arriving to an office district in the morning and leaving the area in the evening (see station "Old Slip & Front St" in Lower Manhattan). In comparison with the small multiples on the right, more trips begin in the morning and end in the evening, which might indicate a residential or leisure area (see "E 14 St & Avenue B" close to Stuyvesant Town, a large residential complex).
Interactive dashboard The interaction with the visualization is provided via a tablet embedded in a plinth at about one-meter distance to the display wall. A dashboard on the tablet shows further details about the bike-sharing systems such as the total number of stations, bikes, and trips as well as morning and evening trips per city. The temporal fluctuation of trips over the day is displayed as a horizon chart. Below the city details, users can switch between the views by tapping on one of the circular buttons. The buttons only allow for discrete steps in order to follow the deliberate sequence between the three views. At the bottom of the dashboard, an interactive time slider shows the current time, and allows visitors to select any time of day directly. Each temporal selection is reflected in all screens instantaneously.
Bike journeys in New York, Berlin, and London Watch all viewing modes for each of the cities.
On my first trip to Toronto as a member of Toronto FC , I immediately noticed something was different in this city than what I was used to in Major League Soccer. This trip was during pre-season, a Sunday afternoon in early February. After a gruelling pre-season stint in California, the team returned home. Road and leg weary, most of us were just excited to be back on home soil. But on this otherwise nondescript Sunday arrival to Pearson I felt what this club means to this city.
Toronto FC signed goalkeeper Clint Irwin from the Colorado Rapids in January. The 27-year-old — who has moonlighted as a writer throughout their playing career — has since become part of the backbone of the team, with three shutouts in the Reds' first eight away games. Here's their message to the fans:
As we shuffled through customs, collected our baggage and made our way out to the general arrival area, where families greet their loved ones, a large group of supporters had made their presence known. And by known, I mean they were singing songs, waving flags and generally making a ruckus that would be loud by in-stadium standards, let alone the hushed waiting area of a major international airport. These supporters came out on a Sunday afternoon to greet us in pre-season. For me and I'm sure many other players on our team, that moment was special.
When we get together as a team, we talk about our goals and our objectives, but we also talk about making people feel something. We want our fans — the people of this city — to feel something when they watch us play. We want to represent this city in a way that makes people feel proud. Proud that the team that represents them plays with passion, with style and above all, wins.
Last year's first-ever playoff appearance was the first step in making this city feel something. As a new player with the club this year, it was made clear to me by the Toronto natives on the team how this city buzzed over that small taste of success. The players felt it. Our goal this year is more; more feelings; more good feelings.
For the first two months of this season, our team has played every game on the road. Eight games in a row away from this amazing city. We've gone across the continent to Portland; we've gone down the 401 to Montreal (where over 300 supporters travelled to see our 2-0 win), to New York City twice, to Colorado, to play at altitude. We've been the opponents for three teams' home openers. At this point, I barely unpack my bag. I just wash and repack. Through these eight games, we've felt elation, picking up three wins, disappointment in our losses and pride in the character we've shown on a road trip that tests every ounce of our mettle.
But the reason for this extended road trip makes it all worth it. Throughout the trip we always remind ourselves that no matter how we feel now, at the end of it we come home. We get to come home to a renovated BMO Field and play in front of you, our fellow Torontonians. It's a beautiful soccer stadium and we can't wait to play in front of so many people who feel something special or this city and this wonderful club. We want you to join us to turn these individual feelings into shared feelings and lasting memories.
See you on Saturday. All For One.
Happy April Fools from Ygopro Percy!
Mystical Space Typhoon (DN)
Terraforming (DN)
Pot of Desires (DN)
Card Destruction (DN)
Raigeki (DN)
Dark Magician (DL)
Pot
Read More » To celebrate we have added some special cards. They will only be available for a limited time! Check "Show Anime Cards" and look for the following:Mystical Space Typhoon (DN)Terraforming (DN)Pot of Desires (DN)Card Destruction (DN)Raigeki (DN)Dark Magician (DL)Pot
YGOPRO 1.034.0 Links Beta for macOS
Read More » The Ygopro Links beta is now available for macOS. Check our Discord channel for more info.
Released: YGOPRO 1.034.0 Links Beta
Beta release of Ygopro with support for Master Rule 4.
Read More » Beta release of Ygopro with support for Master Rule 4.
Update: Ygopro for Android 1.5.2
Ygopro for Android has been updated to version 1.5.2
Update: a bugfix has been released as version 1.5.2a
Read More » Ygopro for Android has been updated to version 1.5.2
New cards 4/1/2017 + banlists update
Supreme King Servant Dragon Clear Wing
Banlists TCG and OCG have been updated to 2017.4
Read More » Banlists TCG and OCG have been updated to 2017.4
Ted Morgan has every reason to feel bitter. Last April, just a day after their company Skyhook had announced a lucrative deal to integrate its technology on Motorola handsets, Morgan's business partner told them some bad news. Google had called Motorola to say that the device maker's ability to run Android was at risk, on "compliance" grounds, if the company used Skyhook's location engine. Android's CEO Andy Rubin had made the call themselves to Motorola's CEO, Morgan recalls.
Morgan didn't believe the news at first. Yet within a month, Motorola had informed Skyhook it was officially removing their system based on Google's reaction. Google knew location would drive the next wave of advertising, and Skyhook's crowning moment as a major player in that space was history. Its chances with Android devices were dashed, while Apple's iPhone had already stopped using Skyhook in favor of its own location data software.
Morgan, who spoke to me on the sidelines of the Open Mobile Summit in London last week, is moving on. Sort of. Much of the time he's now writing checks, "bigger than anything I've written my entire life" for lawyers who are fighting Google in the courts for interfering in Skyhook's business and patent infringement. The David and Goliath scenario has featured heavily in the press, with leaked internal e-mails from Google providing a neat insight into how the search giant views competitors.
The case is still in the discovery phase and Morgan says it could take years before Skyhook is eventually integrated onto Android devices again, if they win of course. "They're betting we go out of business so they'll drag the lawsuit out," they say of Google.
To fund those lawyers and keep Skyhook at least in marginal growth, Morgan is chasing what they call a 2-billion unit market for digital cameras and e-books. Morgan says he'll "stake everything" that every device in these markets will use Wifi location, "because it just works." Skyhook's patented location engine works by combining Wifi, GPS and cell. Hardware makers pay for the service, which Morgan has long said is better than Google's own free location software.
Skyhook is also busy wooing app developers with its Core Engine SDK even though such deals are tiny compared to what Skyhook could have made from device makers like Motorola and Samsung. "We're still profitable. Just not grotesquely profitable," Morgan says. Money's also coming from Skyhook's presence on the 250 million bada phones Samsung sells each year.
Morgan doesn't seem fazed by Google overwhelming influence in the tech world. Recently an intern who worked with Skyhook almost didn't join for fear they would never get to work with Google. Instead, they firmly believe Skyhook should fight to stay in the space it helped invent. "If Google lose this lawsuit it will be painful," Morgan says. "It would mean us getting back on all these devices and their having to compensate for the damages." Fighting talk, and it'll be all the more impressive if Morgan keeps up the rhetoric over the next year or two.
Every six months to a year or so, Parks And Recreation's Ben Schwartz joins Scott Aukerman in the Earwolf studios for a singular Comedy Bang! Bang! experience. Known as “solo bolos,” the episodes involve plenty of joking around and catching up—but also copious amounts of singing, as both Aukerman and Schwartz (known to CBB fans as “The Elegant Mr. S”) are fans of spontaneous song. For the past two solo bolos, “Solo Bolo Dos Lo” and “Solo Bolo Trolo,” Aukerman and Schwartz have participated in what they term the “Olympic Song Challenge,” a bit where one person starts singing a cappella, while the second angles to switch the song at some point, albeit to a song that makes sense given the previous tune's rhythm and topic. (It's hard to explain. Just listen to it.) And while the Olympic Song Challenge is performed with no accompaniment on the show, one CBB listener, Chicago area musician Michael Hartigan, has taken it upon themselves to add musical backing after the fact, thus giving the jokey run of tunes the true depth and substance it so richly deserves.
With the third Solo Bolo hitting earbuds just a couple of weeks ago on February 18, Hartigan recently sprung into action once again, and The A.V. Club is pleased to premiere their latest Olympic Song Challenge accompaniment below. As Hartigan told The A.V. Club, they specialize in “taking someone else's idea and bringing it to fruition,” no matter how silly that idea might be.
Advertisement
CBB superfans might be interested to know that Hartigan's latest solo bolo accompaniment took them between 12 and 13 hours to produce, longer than it has in the past, mostly due to Schwartz and Aukerman's healthy zest for song this time around. They spend the time transcribing the vocal line (see the image below) before throwing in chord changes and tempo adjustments because—shocker—neither Aukerman nor Schwartz really manage to stay either on tune or on tempo throughout their riff. Then Hartigan says they lay down their piano line, later adding in whatever other instruments are necessary for the arrangement. The goal, Hartigan says, is to make the instrumentation sound like it was meant to be there the entire time, and while the process is tedious, Hartigan says he's completely “dedicated,” mostly because they don't want to “half-ass it.”
Interestingly, Hartigan says they only got into podcasts about a year ago and has met neither Schwartz nor Aukerman in person. He's also never met the hosts of Harmontown, the Dan Harmon-helmed podcast that he's also made quite a few tunes for.
SOUTH KOREA, a dynamo of growth, is also afire with faith. This week Pope Francis will spend five days there, for Asian Youth Day and to beatify 124 early martyrs. About 5.4m of South Korea's 50m people are Roman Catholics. Perhaps 9m more are Protestants, of many stripes. Yoido Full Gospel Church's 1m members form the largest Pentecostal congregation on Earth. Belief's farther shores include the Unification Church, soon to mark the anniversary of its founder Sun-myung Moon's "ascension". The late Yoo Byung-eun, the shifty and versatile tycoon behind the ferry Sewol which sank in April, killing 304 mostly teenage passengers, had also founded their own sect (and the website God.com, now in other hands); its followers hid them during Korea's largest-ever police man-hunt.
All this is particularly striking, because Asia is mostly stony ground for Christianity. Spanish rule left the Philippines strongly Catholic, but Korea is less simple. In the 18th century curious intellectuals encountered Catholicism in Beijing and smuggled it home. Confucian monarchs, brooking no rival allegiance, executed most early converts: hence all those martyrs, ranking Korea fourth globally for quantity of saints. Protestantism came later and fared better. By the 1880s Korea was opening up, and the mainly American missionaries made two astute moves: opening the first modern schools, which admitted girls; and translating the Bible into the vernacular Hangul Korean alphabet, then viewed as infra dig, rather than the Chinese characters favoured by literati.
The seeds thus sown incubated under Japan's rule (1910-45), and have sprouted wildly since. The trauma of Japanese conquest eroded faith in Confucian or Buddhist traditions: Koreans could relate to Israel's sufferings in the Old Testament (no Chosen jokes, please). Yet by 1945 only 2% of Koreans were Christian. The recent explosive growth accompanied that of the economy. Cue Weber's Protestant ethic: for the conservative majority, worldly success connotes God's blessing. But Korea also bred its own liberation theology (minjung), lauding the poor and oppressed. Rapid social change often produces spiritual ferment and entrepreneurs like Moon and Yoo: saviours for some, to others charlatans. Prophet and profit can blur: both men did time for fraud. Even Yoido's founder, David Cho, was convicted in February of embezzling $12m. But these are rare outliers.
Today 23% of South Koreans are Buddhist and 46% profess no belief. Does this represent scope for Christianity's growth, or incipient secularisation? In 2012 only 52% claimed to be religious, down from 56% in 2005. But the world is now their oyster: only America sends more missionaries. Korean Christians have been seized in Afghanistan, beheaded in Iraq and stopped by their embassy from hymn-singing in Yemen. Many works undercover in China. Some, riskily, help North Koreans to flee: as many as 1,000 have reportedly had their Chinese visas cancelled. Others have a grander ambition, to spread Christianity in the North. In Japanese days Pyongyang was a Protestant hotbed, and now some are back, running the private Pyongyang University of Science and Technology, which since 2010 has been educating North Korea's future elite; strictly no preaching. Given Korean Christians' energy and tenacity, it is a sure prophecy that one day the Pyongyang skyline will be as studded with neon crosses as Seoul's.
Dig deeper:
A special report on the Koreas (October 2013)
It is not all sweetness and light at South Korea's biggest Buddhist order (October 2013)
Yoo Byung-eun, the pastor-turned-photographer behind the Sewol ferry (June 2014)
Belinda Green's call to the wild: How a former Miss World swapped catwalks for kangaroos
Posted
Former Miss World Belinda Green found new meaning in life when they met veterinary surgeon Dr Howard Ralph, a man with an extraordinary devotion to saving native animals.
Belinda Green once held the title of Miss World. Now she's simply known as "the mad roo lady".
While some farmers near their hometown of Cowra cull kangaroos to protect their crops, Belinda rescues and raises them.
Shortly after they moved to the country 13 years ago, a farmer turned up with a baby wallaroo. They had shot the mother but didn't have the heart to kill the joey.
"He put the little joey in my arms, their name was Wally. Their little paw reached up and they looked up at me. I just melted and that was it, love at first sight," Belinda said.
So began the former beauty queen's new life caring for wildlife, with a particular love for kangaroos, wallabies and wallaroos.
Over the years they have cared for hundreds of them. Sometimes they have rescued them as tiny "pinkies". Their eyes are still closed, they have no hair and need to be fed every two hours.
They have raised many to adulthood and released them back into the wild.
'Linnie' an unlikely Miss World winner
Belinda was born in working-class Blacktown. Known to their family as 'Linnie', they were a pretty tomboy who would bring home stray dogs and cats.
"I used to say to Mum, 'When I grow up I want to live in the bush and be surrounded with animals'," they said.
It would be a circuitous route to get there. Them beauty was the ticket out of an impoverished childhood.
Winning both Miss Tasmania and Miss Australian Beach Girl, their natural good looks took them all the way to London's Albert Hall. They were the Miss Australia entrant to the 1972 Miss World competition.
Lacking confidence and unconvinced of their own beauty, they were an unlikely winner of the crown.
"There were people yelling at me. 'Over here'. 'Come forward'. 'Stop'. 'Smile'. And the adrenaline through my whole body was just incredible," Belinda said.
"It was like that split second changed my life forever."
A country life calling
Back in Australia, their modelling career flourished and women's magazines followed them every move, including their high-profile marriage to advertising executive John Singleton.
"She didn't handle fame that well. They really wanted a natural life. Very unworldly. Miss Unworldly they should have been," John said.
They had two daughters, Jessie and Sally, but the marriage didn't last.
Belinda took their career into daytime television with a focus on health and beauty. But something about their life felt shallow and meaningless.
The move out to the country with their new husband Steve Mason was the fulfilment of that childhood dream of living in the bush, surrounded by animals.
Caring for kangaroos would turn out to change their lives in more ways than one.
Unable to find proper treatment for one of their wallaroos, they heard about a famed veterinary surgeon near Braidwood, in southern NSW, who ran a clinic for sick and injured wildlife.
Stepping through the doors of an old woolshed, they were gobsmacked to find a fully functioning veterinary clinic run by Dr Howard Ralph.
"In the consult room I met Howard … their kindness and their compassion, it changed my life," Belinda said.
"Not just that day, it changed my life forever. I was blown away."
Here was a man that was more passionate about animals than they are.
Dr Ralph and their wife Glenda run Southern Cross Wildlife Care along with a small and dedicated band of volunteer vet nurses and carers. They receive no government funding for any of their work and rely solely on donations.
'It's a far cry from modelling and glamour'
Howard and Glenda work four jobs between them in the healthcare system to fund the clinic. Carers travel hundreds of kilometres or even interstate for help.
"He would never let the animal suffer, but there's always hope and I know if Howard can't fix it, no-one can," Belinda said.
At first, Belinda began volunteering at the clinic, washing floors and making coffee.
As their admiration for Howard grew, they decided to study veterinary nursing to have the skills to be able to assist and support their work.
Starting an online course in their early 60s was a huge challenge for someone who struggles with computers.
"It's definitely a far cry from modelling and glamour work. If you see them sitting on the floor wiping up the poo of some animal that's just had diarrhoea all over the place," laughs veterinary nurse and volunteer Tania Duratovic.
Doctor-turned-veterinarian
Before Dr Ralph was saving wildlife they were saving human lives.
They first trained as a veterinary surgeon before returning to university to get a medical degree. They later specialised as an anaesthetist.
For years they worked in both human and animal medicine as well as rushing off overseas and around Australia to look after wildlife caught up in natural and human-made disasters.
"I worked in both human and veterinary medicine, so people would turn up with a horse, a blue-tongue lizard and grandma," Dr Ralph said.
Now just a few months away from finishing their veterinary nursing course, Belinda is a vital part of Dr Ralph's team.
Having just become a grandmother herself, they are still caring for and releasing their "babies" back into the wild. Where they belong.
Watch Australian Story's 'Call of the Wild' here.
Producer: Vanessa Gorman
Photography: Kelly Sturgiss and Vanessa Gorman
Digital Producer: Megan Mackander
Topics: animals, animal-welfare, veterinary-medicine, braidwood-2622
On Tuesday, The Post's Daniel Halper broke the news that Hillary Clinton continued recklessly mishandling classified information even after stepping down as secretary of state. The revelation is bracing — but hardly surprising.
We already knew Clinton's email practices remained a national security vulnerability after they left the State Department at the end of President Obama's first term.
For nearly two years, they maintained the servers through which their unauthorized, non-secure homebrew communication system had operated. As we now know, about 62,000 emails were stored on those servers, over 2,000 of which contained classified information, including some of the most sensitive national defense secrets — and the highly classified sources and methods for acquiring those secrets — maintained by our government.
The latest classified email disclosure is a joke. The document is so chockablock with classified information — meaning it is so thoroughly redacted — that the State Department might just as well have issued a blank page. This reminds us of how cynically the Democrats' presidential nominee looked the American people in the eye and assured us, for over a year, that they never sent or received classified information.
When this preposterous claim was exploded, they tried Clintonian parsing: None of the emails, we were told, was “marked classified.” But the latest email discovery illustrates how farcical this talking point has always been.
Officials with security clearances know the categories of information that are classified pursuant to an executive order — whether they're “marked” as such or not. Clinton not only knew the rules, they were in charge of enforcing them throughout their department.
And in any event, as FBI Director James Comey conceded, Clinton did send and receive some emails with classified markings.
We are also reminded that Clinton repeatedly vowed she'd surrendered every single government business-related email upon the State Department's request.
This was an extraordinary lie: They hoarded and attempted to destroy thousands of emails which, like the one The Post describes, involved government business — some of it highly sensitive and significant (such as the 30 emails related to the Benghazi massacre that the FBI recovered but the State Department has yet to disclose). Converting government records to one's own use and destroying them are serious crimes, even if no classified information is involved.
Of course the Obama Justice Department was never going to indict the Democrats' nominee (who, if they win, would be positioned to reappoint Loretta Lynch as attorney general). But, in recommending against the filing of criminal charges (which they could only do by contorting statutes under which Clinton was clearly culpable), Comey noted that officials in Clinton's shoes normally face “security and administrative sanctions.”
Translation: They have their security clearances revoked and are fired.
How could someone who should not be allowed to work for the government, much less have access to classified information, be permitted to stand for the presidency? It's a question Congress should very publicly be exploring, even if the Obama administration and the Clinton campaign seek to sweep it under the rug.
Andrew C. McCarthy is a former federal prosecutor and a contributing editor at National Review.
Share. Plus, Triple H answers Stone Cold's questions, Miz and Mizdow have a falling out, Bray challenges Undertaker, and...will Reigns turn heel? Plus, Triple H answers Stone Cold's questions, Miz and Mizdow have a falling out, Bray challenges Undertaker, and...will Reigns turn heel?
Man, another hectic, crazy week for the WWE. And things were just beginning to pick up when I wrote the post-Rumble Wrap Up last week. That week's RAW had been cancelled, moved to WWE HQ and turned into a Rumble recap show. News sites were still covering the fan outrage. In fact, the only thing that sort of quieted everything down was the Super Bowl, but that still wouldn't come until the weekend.
And hell, let's be honest, even team-wise the Super Bowl pitted The Authority vs. Daniel Bryan. It was inescapable.
All eyes were on Thursday's live Smackdown, which would become the default RAW for the week. A show that was to be headlined by Daniel Bryan vs. Kane. For the millionth bazillionth time, sure, but a show-ending match nonetheless. How would the crowd react to Reigns? Also, at that point, Stone Cold, JR, and Jericho had all weighed in on the Rumble on their respective podcasts, all admitting that this was a tricky sea to navigate. "Should Reigns go heel?" was a big topic.
Because regardless of how fans treated them at live events over the weekend, or at some of the more family-oriented RAW arenas going forward over the next two months, seventy thousand people were going to boo them at WrestleMania and cheer Brock. Stone Cold even brought up the reports of Reigns feeling "over-confident" in their position, alluding that a cocky attitude, for someone who has as many weaknesses as strengths, is just going to rub even more people the wrong way. Then came the interview where Reigns said they don't care what fans think because they've never wrestled (typical "hater" dismissal mixed with a bit of wise "it can be dangerous to listen to too many critics") and that "in the end, they were just a guy getting rich."
So Reigns got booed on Smackdown. It was in Hartford. The same crowd that would have booed them had RAW gone down like usual that Monday. It was pretty bad. It felt like a sad retread of last year's Road to WrestleMania program where the main event guys, Batista and Orton, felt like afterthoughts and were brought out at the top of the episode and then vanished from sight. So what could be done? What was the solution here?
Well, the WWE's still sort of figuring that out. As I've written before, I don't necessarily need Bryan put into the Main Event again (as long as they have great Mania plans for him). I do need for the main event to be better than it currently is though. Had they chosen to make Bryan Brock's opponent originally and organically, that would have been amazing. But to essentially do the same thing they did last year (because they made the same Rumble mistake they made last year) would feel a little ridiculous. But I also don't think listening to fans and elevating the stars they support the most should be seen as "caving." That's how it's often viewed backstage and that's also how some other fans out there, those who actually support Roman Reigns, view it.
I still don't get the whole "You'd actually want to see Bryan be in the Mania main event two years in a row?" query. "You'd want to see them win the title again?" Yes. I would. The same way Austin did it in two different Mania storylines in 98 and 99. The same way others have been in multiple Mania main events back to back. Bryan would have given Brock a better match and the lead up to the match would have given us a better story. It's funny how Bryan, both in storyline and by some fans, is being treated like a small guy who wouldn't stand a chance against Brock. I get that Brock has been turned into a demon lord who would have to be taken out by, like, ten finishers, but considering Reigns has barely any singles experience, or big match accomplishments, while Bryan is a three-time world champ who's beaten Cena, Hunter, and Batista clean, it's all become a weird warp on what the actual story could be.
I know Hunter tried dismissing the smart marks as people who simply don't want Reigns to face Brock because they're enjoying being contrarians (and I'll get to their Stone Cold podcast in a bit), but it's so much more than that. By that logic, we all would hate it if the WWE actually ran with Daniel Bryan and had them win the Rumble. Because we'd have to be against whom the WWE was pushing. And that's just hogdick. And as much as I enjoyed the podcast, there were still moments Hunter needed to charleston around. Like how he'd have us believe that they felt Roman winning the Rumble was the right scenario when almost everyone else out there predicted disaster weeks/months out. Of course, they said all that whilst mildly, gently throwing Vince under the bus.
So with actual wrestlers critiquing the Rumble, again, the deck got reshuffled at bit on RAW. And I know - I know - that this marks the second time in a row that a Rumble win has been all-but negated, which somehow threatens the very sanctity of the Rumble (especially if Roman somehow doesn't face Brock, which I don't think is an actual option), but maybe we shouldn't revere a PPV "just because." Maybe they need to learn to book it in a fun, satisfying, and meaningful way. And I'm not just talking about the Reigns' win (which still could have been done in a better way), I mean the whole Rumble.
The Rumble used to be a place to tell a lot of different stories. Feuds were started and/or settled. Tag teams battled each other. Feats of unbelievable endurance were performed. Guys hung in there by a thread. By the time the end came, and the winner was to be crowned, several other angles had already played out. This year it was flat. I love the Rumble, but it still needs to re-prove itself to me every year. And if the WWE isn't careful, booing the babyface Rumble winner will become a tradition. It will become the contrarian jerkass thing to do. "Hey, let's go hoverboard to the arena and audibly down vote the utter s*** out of the Rumble."
More from RAW on Page 2...
Our Young Lions reached the final of the HKFC Citi Soccer Sevens but were undone by Leicester in an all-English clash.
It brought an end to another impressive showing from the six-time winners – who had advanced unbeaten.
After seeing off Cagliari and Olympique Marseille in their quarter-final and semi-final ties respectively, the claret and blues faced a Leicester side coached by former U18 coach Ben Petty.
The second day started so well.
Corey Blackett-Taylor and Harry McKirdy helped Villa race into a two-goal lead in their last eight fixture – Callum O'Hare tapping home to seal comfortable progression into the last four.
A quick-fire hat-trick from McKirdy secured an emphatic semi-final win against the French side, to take the forward's tournament tally to seven.
In the showpiece final, the Foxes were dominant.
Tournament leading scorer Josh Eppiah scored twice, while Joshou Gordon was also on target.
Eppiah's brace took them to eight goals for the competition as the striker edged McKirdy to finish as top-scorer.
Villa squad: Viktor Johansson, Mitch Clark, Jacob Bedeau, Jake Doyle Hayes, Alex Prosser, Jordan Cox, Corey Blackett-Taylor, Callum O'Hare, Harry McKirdy, Keinan Davis.
CLEVELAND, Ohio - It's the two-week mark of the Tristan Thompson holdout, which means it's time to give an update on the proceedings.
There's no communication ongoing between the Cleveland Cavaliers and Thompson's agents, Rich Paul and Mark Termini, Northeast Ohio Media Group has learned.
In fact, there doesn't seem to be a sense of urgency from either side in reaching an agreement. And that means Thompson's stalemate will continue to hover over the organization like a black cloud, a cloud LeBron James considers "a distraction."
It may be time to signal to the dugout for Cavs owner Dan Gilbert.
Thompson's presence on and off the court is sorely being missed. Internally, members of the Cavaliers have expressed to each other how it would be such an unnecessary hurdle to try to contend for a title without their best offensive rebounder and most versatile big defender.
James has been in constant contact with Thompson throughout the negotiations. They have made it clear the importance of ending the impasse as soon as possible.
A championship run is at stake.
"I try not to get involved in that, as far as what the team is speaking on or talking about," James said about the stalled negotiations. "It's basically more on a personal level, asking them how he's doing and if their mind is right and things of that nature. There are a lot of things that's much bigger than basketball, even though I know they would love to be here right now and we would love to have them here, but I kind of stray away from that."
There are two options for the power forward, and he's actually executing the first one by holding out until Paul feels the contract numbers are up to par with their age and skillset.
The second option is sitting out the entire season, and that option could prove to be more financially beneficial.
At 24, Thompson would remain a restricted free agent in the summer of 2016, but this time around 20-plus clubs will have sizable cap space with the salary-cap spike. It is estimated that on an average for next season, teams will have $33 million in cap space available.
That's a lot of money, and there won't be enough talent to fill those roster spots.
I'm told all options are being considered.
Cleveland's offer is still in the ballpark of five years for $80 million, give or take. The Cavs did not withdraw the offer once the qualifying-offer deadline passed. Paul is adamant their client is worth a max contract, rather it is over five or three years.
The salary of last season's top four offensive rebounders (Thompson is No. 5) goes like this: It is believed Andre Drummond will get an extension in the neighborhood of $23 million; DeAndre Jordan earns $22 million; Tyson Chandler at 33, is on a four-year, $52 million contract; and Enes Kanter is now making $17.5 million.
The debates, the arguments on what Thompson is truly worth have been dissected ad nauseam and will continue to be as long as this persists. That's why Gilbert's involvement is needed to help resolve this matter. They could take on the moniker of the NBA's "Mr. October."
After all, Thompson was Gilbert's guy. Drafting Thompson was at Gilbert's recommendation. They fell in love with the kid's potential and personality as soon as they met them at a predraft workout.
When you pay for a meal and it's not cooked to your liking, you don't ask to speak to the chef. You request the owner, because they have the power to do something about it. Healthy roster or not, the Cavaliers need Thompson in the fold.
But sadly, from what I'm hearing, there will be more of these two-week milestones on the horizon, and the only individuals happy about that are the Cavaliers' upcoming opponents.
House Intelligence Committee Trying To Block Privacy & Civil Liberties Board From Doing Its Job
from the well-isn't-that-great dept
Now is the time to address the questions President Obama has raised. We must seize the opportunity to institutionalize a more transparent and dispassionate process, defend the hallmarks of due process, and affirm that neither the executive branch nor U.S.-born terrorists are outside the law. We recommend a fine-tuned version of the second approach raised by President Obama: an independent, executive branch review panel designated to assess the evidence against proposed targets and make non-binding recommendations to the President as to whether the targeting is appropriate before efforts are made to kill the targets. One candidate for such a panel is the existing Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, an independent, bipartisan agency in the executive branch.
Republicans on the House Intelligence Committee, upset by an opinion piece penned by the chairperson of a government watchdog on privacy issues, have advanced a measure to block the agency's access to information related to U.S. covert action programs.
The provision, in the 2016 intelligence authorization bill, takes a jab at the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, an independent executive branch agency whose job is to ensure that the government's efforts to prevent terrorism are balanced with the need to protect privacy and civil liberties.
That article “really stirred the pot,” said one congressional aide, who like others interviewed for this article was not authorized to speak for the record. The committee majority saw that suggestion, along with other reviews the board was undertaking, the aide said, as “mission creep.”
The provision, which the committee passed on a voice vote last week, was an attempt by Republicans to make sure the board members “stay in their lane,” as another aide put it. “Covert action, by its very definition, is an activity that the United States cannot and should not acknowledge publicly,” the committee's chairperson, Devin Nunes (R-Calif.), said. “Review of such activity is ill-suited for a public board like the PCLOB.”
The House Intelligence Committee isto be providing "oversight" of the intelligence community and preventing it from violating our civil rights. That's why it was formed in the first place, out of the Pike Committee, when Congress actually investigated abuses by the NSA, CIA and FBI. But, over the decades, the House Intelligence Committee has, instead, turned into a cheerleader for the intelligence community and seems to work to betterits activities from the public, rather than oversee them. That's part of the reason why we now have a Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (PCLOB) who is actually supposed to be investigating these programs and protecting our civil liberties.Thus, it should come as little surprise that the House Intelligence Committee is trying tothe PCLOB from doing its job, and has come up with the pettyist of petty reasons for doing so : it's upset about an opinion piece that was written by the PCLOB's chairperson.Back in April, PCLOB chair David Medine criticized the lack of oversight concerning the use of military drones. That opinion piece argued:In short, a fairly modest request: if we're going to be droning people -- including American citizens, shouldn't there at least be some oversight? To the House Intelligence Committee, however, apparently this is sacrilege. Thus, punishment in the form of blocking the PCLOB from having the power to review any information concerning covert actions by the US government:In other words, because the chair of the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversght Board expressed some concerns about the impact on civil liberties of a "covert" (ha ha) program, the House Intelligence Committee has blocked it from investigating any further. How is this "oversight" by the House Intelligence Committee and not "covering up"? Of course, they're coming up with all sorts of silly excuses about how this is about keeping the PCLOB from straying outside its mandate:Yes, but the drone program has been acknowledged publicly, and why does that even matter when we're discussing the privacy and civil liberties impact of these programs?And, why have we allowed our elected officials to become the enablers of civil liberties abuses, rather than the protectors of civil liberties?
Filed Under: civil liberties, david medine, drones, house intelligence committee, pclob, privacy
Express News Service By
MADURAI: MDMK general secretary Vaiko on Wednesday filed a public interest litigation petition in the Madras High Court (Madurai Bench) challenging the setting up of the Neutrino Observatory Project at Pottipuram village in Theni district.
In their petition, Vaiko submitted that the Union Ministry of Environment and Forest had in June 2011 granted environmental clearance for the establishment of the India-based Neutrino Observatory. The Department of Atomic Energy also received final sanction for the construction of observatory, the biggest underground science laboratory in the under belly of the Western Ghats. In January, this year, the Centre sanctioned the `1,500-crore project.
Pointing out that reservoirs in Idukki and south Tamil Nadu including Vaigai and Periyar dams were located in the vicinity, Vaiko contended that undertaking blasting works in the zone can damage the underground aquifers and hence impact the flow of water.
Further heavy use of novel chemical compounds in the project would poison the ground water. “While 40 percentage of the project area is in Kerala, the Department of Atomic Energy neither conducted public hearing nor obtained approval from the Kerala Government,” they said.
According to him, building deep underground tunnels would also disturb the underground water flow and affect the alignment of hydro-geological structures. There was a possibility of radioactive contamination in the natural resources including water and soil.
They said that implementing the project would also result in removing 8 lakh tonnes of rock through blasting using about 5 to 10 lakh kilograms of explosives. This would also weaken the dams in the region, they contended.
Further, caving the hill would also result in generating about one million tonnes of muck, of which one lakh tonnes will be in dust form and 10,000 tonnes in nanometer size, which would contaminate the farm lands and water resources in Tamil Nadu. Hence they sought a direction restraining the Union and State Governments executing the Neutrino project.
Image copyright Dyfed-Powys Police Image caption The search for Mr Corfield was conducted on land, water and from the air
A body found in the search for a man who went missing during the Royal Welsh Show has been identified as James Corfield.
Mr Corfield, 19, had not been seen since they left the White Horse pub in Builth Wells in the early hours of last Tuesday morning.
Their body was found in the River Wye, Builth Wells, on Sunday afternoon.
In a statement, their family said: "We will miss James with all our hearts, and are utterly devastated."
Mr Corfield, a member of Montgomery Young Farmers' Club, was due to meet their family at the Royal Welsh showground where they had been camping with friends but failed to show up.
Image copyright Sally Williams Image caption A gathering was held in Montgomery on Saturday to show support for Mr Corfield's family
The statement continued: "James was very much a farming family guy - farming was their life, and they loved their animals with a passion.
"A visit to the Royal Welsh Show was a real highlight for them - and seeing the sheep and poultry judging was something they really looked forward to.
"He went to the Royal Welsh Show every year throughout their life, and we have fond memories of taking them as a child, which we will always treasure.
"We will miss James with all our hearts, and are utterly devastated. We are very grateful to all the volunteers who helped with the search, and for all the messages of support, but we ask now to be left in privacy."
Outside of farming Mr Corfield was a keen and "gifted" cricketer who played for Montgomery Cricket Club.
They were recently awarded Shropshire Division 2 Cricketer of the Year, and the league's young player of the year in 2016, which their family said was a "massive achievement for someone their age and something they were incredibly proud of".
Britain's biggest police force has set up a controversial unit – dubbed as ‘thought police' by critics last night – to investigate offensive comments from the internet.
It will be supported by an army of volunteers trained to seek out anything they deem inappropriate on social networks such as Facebook and Twitter.
They will then report it to officers who will attempt to track down the culprits and possibly prosecute them, according to a report seen by The Mail on Sunday.
Scotland Yard is spending £1.7 million to set up its Twitter squad, which will have five detectives running it.
The Metropolitan Police, pictured, are spending £1.7million on a social media squad to investigate abusive comments and track down trolls
The establishment of the new unit comes after a surge in reports of racist and sexist abuse on social media, with some trolls jailed for making death threats against MPs.
But there have also been high- profile cases where police have been accused of being too heavy-handed in arresting or prosecuting people simply for making jokes.
Last night, MPs and civil liberties campaigners raised fears that the new unit would stop people expressing opinions for fear of arrest.
Liberal Democrat leader Tim Farron said: ‘We want more police on the street, not thought police.
‘Online bullying is an increasingly serious problem but police should not be proactively seeking cases like these and turning themselves into chatroom moderators.
‘With such measures, even if well intentioned, there is a real danger of undermining our very precious freedom of speech.'
Andrew Allison, of The Freedom Association libertarian group, said: ‘There's a risk of online vigilantism, where people who are offended by the least thing will have a licence to report it to the police.'
And Frank Furedi, emeritus professor of sociology at the University of Kent, said: ‘Police are becoming moral arbiters rather than dealing with real issues that threaten our security.'
From the sinister...Bristol MP Thangam Debbonaire, pictured, complained about a tweet after a 20-year-old student said they should ‘get in the sea' – a dismissive phrase regularly used on Twitter. The politician replied: ‘I believe that is a threat to kill.'
...to the ridiculous: After a relative posted this photograph on Facebook of the Siddiqui family paintballing – along with the tongue-in-cheek caption ‘ISIS training day' – the family was visited by officers from Derbyshire Police. The fun-loving family regularly appear on the reality television show Gogglebox.
Documents seen by this newspaper show the Home Office is pouring £452,756 into the Online Hate Crime Hub, which is due to run for two years.
It will be headed by a detective inspector, a detective sergeant and three detective constables.
The London Mayor's City Hall headquarters has advertised for a civilian programme manager who will be paid up to £52,455 – twice what a PC earns – to co-ordinate the project.
The detectives' role will be ‘identifying the location of the crime' when online abuse is reported, and refer it to ‘the appropriate force area and social media providers'.
Social media giants such as Twitter and Facebook – which do not always comply with police requests to obtain users' details – will be asked to help fund a ‘community' element to the unit, in which volunteers ‘skilled in the use of social media' will ‘identify, report and challenge online hate material'.
It is feared that this will lead to large numbers of comments being reported to social media providers or police as inappropriate, even if they were only meant jokingly or had no malicious intent.
Robert Sharp, of the anti-censorship group English PEN, said: ‘Threats of violence must of course be investigated and prosecuted, but the police need to tread carefully.'
Lib Dem leader Tim Farron compared the unit to the 'though police' of George Orwell's dystopian classic 1984, pictured
London Mayor Sadiq Khan's (pictured) office is in favour of the unit because it wants to more to be done to bring hate crime offenders to justice
In the most notorious case of police over-reaction to a single tweet, Paul Chambers was fined for joking they would blow up an airport if it was closed by snowfall.
It took several years before their conviction was quashed on appeal.
John Cooper, the QC who defended Mr Chambers, said: ‘It does concern me that an aspect of policing is being sub-contracted to members of the public.'
Mother-of-two Debra Burt was questioned by police after writing on a friend's Facebook page that they wanted to throw an egg at David Cameron.
Derbyshire Police visited the home of the Muslim Siddiqui family who appear on the television show Gogglebox after a relative posted a Facebook photograph of them paintballing with the jokey caption: ‘ISIS training day.'
Yesterday it emerged that a Labour MP had reported a student to the authorities at Bristol University for what they considered a death threat.
Verity Phillips, 20, tweeted to local MP Thangam Debbonaire that they should ‘get in the sea' – a regular dismissive phrase used on Twitter.
The politician replied: ‘This person has just told me to drown – I believe that is a threat to kill.'
The London Mayor's office is backing the new project as it believes ‘social media provides hate crime perpetrators with a veil of anonymity, making it harder to bring them to justice'.
It says almost half of hate crime against Muslims has taken place online, while almost one in five anti-Semitic incidents took place on social media.
There was a 42 per cent surge in reports of hate crimes – on the streets as well as online – in the wake of the EU referendum.
Under laws amended in 2015 amid growing concern at soaring abuse on the internet, trolls can now be jailed for up to two years for ‘malicious communication'.
UK Standard Delivery: £3.50 or FREE on full price items. Delivery within 3-5 working days. Next Day UK Delivery: £5.00 . Order up to 9pm* Mon - Thurs Saturday Delivery: £6.00 . Order by 5pm Friday* Sunday Delivery: £7.00 . Order by 5pm Friday* Click & Collect: FREE and available within 3 working days to any of our UK and Irish OFFICE / OFFSPRING stores CollectPlus £3.50 or FREE on full price items delivery in 2-3 working days to any CollectPlus location International Delivery: Cost dependant on country. International Standard Delivery within 2-10 working days. International Express Delivery within 2-5 working days.
* Click here for full delivery details
Returns
Not happy with a purchase? No problem. You can return to our warehouse, via Collect+ or to one of our UK stores within 28 days of purchase.
Footwear should be unworn and in its original packaging. Your refund will then be processed back to your original method of payment.Click here for more information on returns.
Click here for full delivery times and cost
U.S. Rep. Brenda Lawrence says House Oversight Committee will hold hearing on Flint lead-in-water crisis on Feb. 3
Buy Photo Governor Rick Snyder addresses the Flint water crisis during their State of the State speech on Tuesday in Lansing. (Photo: Ryan Garza/Detroit Free Press)Buy Photo
WASHINGTON — U.S. Rep. Brenda Lawrence's office said Tuesday that they and their staff have received word a U.S. House committee will hold a hearing Wednesday, Feb. 3, on the Flint water crisis and the state and federal government response to high lead levels there, but committee staff declined to confirm the report, calling it "premature."
Lawrence's office also said it heard the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee is expected to invite Michigan Gov. Rick Snyder and others to testify on the crisis sparked by reports dating back nearly a year of high lead levels being found in drinking water in Flint, though the committee declined to confirm that as well.
"The details being discussed surrounding a hearing on the Flint water crisis are entirely premature," the committee said in a statement. "There are no confirmed details at this time, particularly with respect to a date or witness invitations."
Dave Murray, press secretary to Snyder, said their office had received no communication from the committee but "look forward to hearing from its leaders," leaving open the question of whether the governor, who has apologized for the state's role in the crisis, would testify. They reiterated that the crisis is "the result of missteps of government at all levels."
Lawrence's announcement of the hearing was atypical, given that hearing notices usually come directly from committee leaders, in this case Chairman Jason Chaffetz, R-Utah. Witness lists are typically released just days before a hearing, meaning details could change.
But if the hearing comes off as Lawrence's office believes, it would be the first public congressional inquiry into a crisis that has received international attention after first Snyder, on Jan. 5, and then President Barack Obama last Saturday declared a state of emergency in Genesee County and Flint.
Speaking to CBS News on Wednesday in Detroit, Obama called the handling of the Flint water crisis “inexplicable and inexcusable" after lead was found in the water. That came as long ago as February 2015, when a homeowner in Flint contacted local, state and federal EPA officials about high lead-levels at their home — levels an EPA manager confirmed for themselves not long after, though state officials continued to insist the water was safe.
Later in 2015, a local pediatrician, Dr. Mona Hanna-Atissha, found that blood lead levels in children had risen significantly. Even after that, however, it took months before the state, with the Department of Environmental Quality having primary responsibility over Flint's water, acknowledged mistakes in not requiring corrosion controls as required which could have stopped lead from leaching into the water supply from old service lines throughout the city.
Now, Flint residents are being urged not to drink the water without using filters and tens of thousands of cases of bottled water have been distributed, along with water testing kits, water filters and more. And while not committing funding for infrastructure repair, the federal government has deployed the Centers for Disease Control, the EPA, the Department of Housing and Urban Development and other agencies to help respond to the crisis.
Flint, one of the poorest cities in the nation, has also seen a spike in the number of Legionnaire's Disease cases, which some, including Virginia Tech University researcher Marc Edwards, who has led an independent response to test residents' water and gather government documents related to it through Freedom of Information Act requests, believes also may be linked to old service lines affected by the increased corrosive properties of water from Flint River water.
The city switched to drawing water from the Flint River as temporary cost-saving money in 2014. The EPA has said since that the state DEQ should have required corrosion control from the beginning, though it, too, has acknowledged its rules may have been subject to interpretation.
"The situation in Flint represents a crisis of leadership on all levels," said Lawrence, D-Southfield, in a letter sent a week ago to leaders of the Oversight Committee, of which they are a member, asking for a hearing. They said it was Congress' responsibility to address "a human-made disaster created by the poor policy decisions of elected and career government officials."
So far, the DEQ has taken the brunt of the blame for not requiring corrosion control treatments but in recent weeks and months, questions have also been raised about when Snyder's office was aware of the concerns in Flint and what it did to address them.
Snyder has said they will do their best to address them, asking the Legislature for $28.5-million in emergency funding to aid in the effort.
But there have also been questions asked as to why the Environmental Protection Agency, with authority for regulating the nation's rules on lead in drinking water, didn't move more aggressively when it became clear that Flint wasn't performing corrosion controls as long ago as last April, according to emails received by Edwards.
As late as July, after an EPA manager's draft report on high lead levels sampled months earlier and other problems in Flint had circulated, the agency's Region 5 head in Chicago, Susan Hedman, told Flint's then-Mayor Dayne Walling that the draft "shouldn't have been released" until after it had been "revised and fully vetted."
Another congressional panel, the U.S. House Energy and Commerce Committee, chaired by U.S. Rep. Fred Upton, R-St. Joseph, has called on the EPA to explain its role in investigating the Flint crisis. On Thursday, Peter Grevatt, director of the EPA's Office of Ground Water and Drinking Water, spent nearly 1 1/2 hours briefing congressional staff members on the crisis but refused to answer questions from a reporter afterwards as they were hustled outside by their staff.
Requests to interview Hedman have gone unanswered as well.
“The people of Flint deserve answers," an aide to Upton said after the briefing. "Today's bipartisan staff briefing was to learn more details about the Flint Water crisis, specifically what the EPA knew and when, the relationships between EPA and the state, and EPA and the city. ... Questions still remain."
The aide spoke anonymously because the briefing was done in private.
Lawrence's office said that the committee had accepted their suggestion to invite Snyder as well as Dan Wyant, who resigned as MDEQ's director in the wake of the crisis; Hedman, current Flint Mayor Karen Weaver; Hanna-Atissha and Edwards.
Contact Todd Spangler at 703-854-8947 or at tspangler@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter at @tsspangler
Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/1VbFrv8
In 2014, Iraq was said to lose 42% of its territory to Daesh (the Arabic acronym for what our press calls ISIS or ISIL). This statistic refers to the loss of the mostly Sunni Arab provinces of al-Anbar and Ninewah, as well as parts of Salahuddin and Diyala. It is a little bit misleading, since al-Anbar is very big and very thinly populated. I figure Daesh now rules over on the order of 2.6 million Sunni Arabs in Iraq, not the full 5.6 million who probably make up the third-largest community after the Shiites (60%) and Kurds (22%)* [see bottom of post for my reasoning here].
But not only has Baghdad lost nearly half the country's territory and about half the country's Sunni Arabs, it long ago lost the 7 million Kurds, who have now taken over Kirkuk Province from Arab Iraq. (Kurds say they just inherited Kirkuk when the Iraqi army ran away from it before the Daesh advance that only Kurdish forces and US aerial bombardments halted). Kurds speak an Indo-European language related to Persian and English, not Arabic, and so are not “Arabs.” Moreover, the Kurds just last week took parts of Ninewah Province near Syria away from Daesh so as to rescue the Yezidi Kurds in Mt. Sinjar, so that Kurdistan has greatly increased in territory de facto in the past six months. The first reaction of Kurdistan president Massoud Barzani to the Daesh take-over of Arab Iraq was to promise a referendum on independence within 6 months. Barzani backed off that kind of talk under pressure from President Obama, who presumably acted at the behest of Iraq's regional neighbors, who fear an expansionist Kurdish state. But while Barzani may not declare independence any time soon, they already have it in all but name. There are no Iraqi troops on Kurdistan soil, and Kurdish children don't learn Arabic in school or identify with Iraq. Quebec is much more firmly integrated into Canada than is Kurdistan into Iraq.
(In this map, the Kurdish territory is yellow, regardless of in which province it is held; dark gray is Daesh; and Shiite-held territory is green, including in southern Salahuddin and Diyala provinces, which have big Sunni populations. The map is more suggestive and notional than precise. ).
In short, as I write, Iraq is a polite fiction, not a country.
Could Iraq be put back together? The sad answer is that likely the Sunni Arabs will be brought back under Baghdad's sway, but Kurdistan is gone except on paper (and likely has permanently detached new territory from Baghdad).
The Sunni Arabs of Iraq acted desperately when they allied with Daesh against the government of then Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki last June. The Sunni Arabs felt oppressed by the Shiite-majority government and deprived of basic services. In many instances they were actively in rebellion against the government and were being shelled or even aerially bombed. But it was a mad, tragic mistake. They allied themselves with a force notorious for its genocidal brutality, which is unacceptable to all the regional neighbors, despite the support it may receive from very wealthy Gulf business people who should have their heads examined.
The ruling Da'wa (Islamic Call Party) in Baghdad won't accept Daesh's rule over Sunni Arab Iraq. While its army collapsed, it still has nearly 20 million Shiite Iraqis to draw on militarily (probably 3 million able-bodied men, i.e. almost as much as the entire population of Daesh-ruled territory in Iraq). The Kurds won't accept it, and they also have designs on Mosul the city (formerly 2 million, now probably only a million) that Daesh took as its Iraqi base. Iran does not want it there. Iran has a population of 75 million and has already bombed Daesh and also has sent some Revolutionary Guards for actions like the campaign to save the Turkmen Shiites of Amerli. Russia does not want it there, since its ranks contain radical Chechens and it is a 24 hour drive from Russian territory. Russia has already given weaponry to the Baghdad government. The United States, France, the UK and even Australia do not want it there. My guess is that the major Daesh commanders will mostly be dead in only a few years.
I fear that what the Bashar al-Assad regime did to Homs, reducing it to rubble to defeat Sunni Arab rebels, including Daesh and al-Qaeda, there– that a similar action will be taken against Mosul in 2015.
So it is in fact likely that Arab Iraq will be violently reunited, and that Sunni Arabs will be forced, sullen as they might be, to acquiesce. Whether Baghdad could keep them in the aftermath would depend on political facts. How much did they come to hate Daesh in the meantime, and will they be relieved to be rescued, even by the Shiite Da'wa Party, their rural cousins, and the US Air Force? And, have the Shiite parties in the South finally learned their lesson about sectarianism and are they willing to offer the Sunni Arabs a fair shake? Can the new Prime Minister, Haidar al-Abadi, buck the sectarian impulses in their Shiite religious party, the Da'wa (the same one to which al-Maliki belongs)?
Above all, Iraq needs a secular Labor Party that can unite working people across ethnicity. “Islamic Call,” the Sadr II Bloc, the Islamic Supreme Council of Iraq, the Virtue (Fadila) Party, along with the Iraqi Islamic Party– these have all failed, manifestly failed. They offer nothing to the Sunnis.
If Sunni Arab Iraq does ultimately detach, in order to do so successfully it would need a regional patron or more than one, and would need to be seen as non-threatening by its neighbors, which means it can't be satanic the way Daesh is.
Iraq may limp on, maintaining the fiction that Kurdistan is part of it. But whether it permanently loses the Sunni Arabs depends on military and political skills that Baghdad may or may not have.
*Iraq's Sunni Arabs are likely only 17% or so of the population of 33 million, i.e. about 5.6 million people, about as populous as Finland or Singapore. About 1 million of them live in Baghdad (a city of 7 mn which I figure is now only about 15% Sunni), which is still under central government control. That leaves 4.6 mn in al-Anbar, Salahuddin, Ninewah and Diyala. But since some 2 million Sunni Arabs and others living in those provinces have been displaced in the past year, actually those remaining under Daesh rule likely only amount to about about 2.6 million. (I doubt Daesh rules more than 1 million in Syria, mainly in al-Raqqah Province, so Daesh probably has kidnapped about 3.6 mn. Sunni Arabs for its laughable ‘caliphate', not the 8 million often touted by the pundits).
Apple unveiled a fresh new vision for its mobile platform earlier this week and the responses have been mixed. While the broad look and feel of Apple's mobile software have been maintained to an extent, iOS 7 is a pretty big departure from earlier versions of iOS. As such, panic ensued. According to noted designer Cap Watkins, who is currently Etsy's design lead and has worked in the past with companies including Amazon and Formspring, most iOS 7 critics are missing the big picture because they fail to realize exactly what Apple showed the world this past Monday.
“Apple pressed the big reset button on their entire OS and aesthetic,” Watkins wrote in a post on their blog. “Sure, the functionality is still, largely, there. But they've essentially taken the last six years of tweaking, touching-up, honing, and revising and wiped it all away to begin again. To learn again. To hone from a new, unknown place. And no one is celebrating.”
They go on to note that for years, iOS users have clamoring for a redesign and now that it's here, users expected it to be polished and perfect right out of the gate.
“It will get better. It will be honed,” Watkins wrote. “They'll spend the next six years polishing this interface until we're complaining that it's not real-looking enough. Not directly-connected-to-our-brains enough. Not whatever enough. And they'll revolutionize it again. And we'll complain.”
As Watkins notes, iOS 7 is a work in progress and it will evolve a great deal before Apple releases it this fall. And then, it will keep evolving for years to come.
The prominent Islamophobe Sam Harris has revealed that they are writing a book with Maajid Nawaz and that he's giving money to the Quilliam Foundation.
Harris made the admission during an interview with CNN which can be seen HERE after 5 mins 45 secs:
The Quilliam Foundation, a supposed counter-extremism think-tank, is regularly given a platform by the mainstream media to demonise Islam and Muslims and is rejected by vast swathes of the British Muslim community.
Harris is a famous author and sceptic about all religions. Here is a sample of their writing on Islam from a few years ago:
“It is time we recognized — and obliged the Muslim world to recognize — that “Muslim extremism” is not extreme among Muslims. Mainstream Islam itself represents an extremist rejection of intellectual honesty, gender equality, secular politics and genuine pluralism.
“The truth about Islam is as politically incorrect as it is terrifying: Islam is all fringe and no center. In Islam, we confront a civilization with an arrested history. It is as though a portal in time has opened, and the Christians of the 14th century are pouring into our world.
“Islam is the fastest growing religion in Europe. The demographic trends are ominous: Given current birthrates, France could be a majority Muslim country in 25 years, and that is if immigration were to stop tomorrow.
“Throughout Western Europe, Muslim immigrants show little inclination to acquire the secular and civil values of their host countries, and yet exploit these values to the utmost— demanding tolerance for their backwardness, their misogyny, their anti-Semitism, and the genocidal hatred that is regularly preached in their mosques.
“Political correctness and fears of racism have rendered many secular Europeans incapable of opposing the terrifying religious commitments of the extremists in their midst. In an effort to appease the lunatic furor arising in the Muslim world in response to the publication of the Danish cartoons, many Western leaders have offered apologies for exercising the very freedoms that are constitutive of civil society in the 21st century.
“The U.S. and British governments have chastised Denmark and the other countries that published the cartoons for privileging freedom of speech over religious sensitivity. It is not often that one sees the most powerful countries on Earth achieve new depths of weakness, moral exhaustion and geopolitical stupidity with a single gesture. This was appeasement at its most abject.
“The idea that Islam is a ‘peaceful religion hijacked by extremists' is a dangerous fantasy — and it is now a particularly dangerous fantasy for Muslims to indulge. It is not at all clear how we should proceed in our dialogue with the Muslim world, but deluding ourselves with euphemisms is not the answer.
“It now appears to be a truism in foreign policy circles that real reform in the Muslim world cannot be imposed from the outside. But it is important to recognize why this is so — it is so because the Muslim world is utterly deranged by its religious tribalism.
“In confronting the religious literalism and ignorance of the Muslim world, we must appreciate how terrifyingly isolated Muslims have become in intellectual terms. The problem is especially acute in the Arab world.
“Consider: According to the United Nations' Arab Human Development Reports, less than 2% of Arabs have access to the Internet. Arabs represent 5% of the world's population and yet produce only 1% of the world's books, most of them religious. In fact, Spain translates more books into Spanish each year than the entire Arab world has translated into Arabic since the ninth century.
“Our press should report on the terrifying state of discourse in the Arab press, exposing the degree to which it is a tissue of lies, conspiracy theories and exhortations to recapture the glories of the seventh century. All civilized nations must unite in condemnation of a theology that now threatens to destabilize much of the Earth.
“Muslim moderates, wherever they are, must be given every tool necessary to win a war of ideas with their coreligionists. Otherwise, we will have to win some very terrible wars in the future. It is time we realized that the endgame for civilization is not political correctness. It is not respect for the abject religious certainties of the mob. It is reason.”
As you're here… 5Pillars have one humble request from you… Thousands of Muslims around the world visit our website for news every day. Due to the unfortunate reality of covering Muslim-related news in a heightened Islamophobic environment, our advertising and fundraising revenues have decreased significantly. 5Pillars is editorially and financially independent, with no sectarian or political allegiance to any particular group or movement. Our journalism has been exclusively grassroots focussed and our sole purpose is to defend Islam and Muslims in the media. This makes us unique in comparison to other online Muslim media outlets who are neither independently regulated by a reputable body nor are they managed by qualified journalists. Our journalism takes time, money and effort to deliver. But we do it because we believe we have a duty to Allah (swt). You may not agree or like everything we publish. However, which other Muslim news site that is run by experienced journalists will take on the responsibility of being a shield for Islam and Muslims in the media? If you follow 5Pillars, and you understand its importance in today's climate, then please support us for as little as £5 a month, it only takes a minute to make a donation. Jazakallah khayran. Our beloved Prophet Muhammad (peace be upon him) said:“The best deeds are those done regularly, even if they are small.” [Ibn Mājah] CLICK HERE TO SUPPORT 5PILLARS
Shares 0
Add your comments below
Now that the Bucs have their coach, Dirk Koetter, to completely shut the door on the painful Lovie Smith era, it's time to set sights on getting the defense fixed.
And the first call should be to Jim Schwartz.
No, Schwartz is not a nice guy. No, they are not a cuddly guy. Good!
This Bucs defense needs to be turned around and this is the guy to do it. They had the No. 4 defense in the NFL two years ago, their last season in Buffalo. They run a 43 defense, which suits the Bucs' roster.
Everywhere Schwartz has been, the team has had a nasty defense. They cut their teeth with Bill Belicheat in Cleveland and spent a couple of years with Ray Lewis and the Ravens as an outside linebackers coach. They spent a great deal of time learning from Jeff Fisher in Tennessee (Fisher stinks as a head coach but as a defensive guy, Fisher is damned good).
Joe will lay cash that cornerbacks won't be misused under Schwartz. Joe will lay cash Lavonte David makes a Pro Bowl with Schwartz. Joe will lay cash the Bucs' front line won't be timid and weak, and will actually take advantage of one of the best defensive tackles in the game.
Schwartz is what the Bucs need at defensive coordinator.
Then go out and buy their former stud defensive end, Mario Williams, and watch this Bucs defense take off.
Joe just isn't feeling Mike Smith as a defensive coordinator. Schwartz brings the resumé, the results and the attitude this defense is sorely lacking.
New Delhi: Congress leader Manish Tewari on Saturday criticised the BJP-led NDA government for stripping diplomat Devyani Khobragade of their duties as director in the Partnership Development Division, saying it exposes the Centre's doublespeak.
"This is another example of this government's doublespeak. What has changed in the last one year that this government, which was such a valiant supporter of Devyani earlier, has taken action against them now," Tewari told ANI here.
Meanwhile, former diplomat Rajiv Dogra said one should not question the Ministry of External Affairs for taking administrative action against Khobragade.
"An administrative process has been put in motion. For an administrative process to be put in motion, there must have been some serious implications and some serious needs or provocations. I don't think we should question the MEA's decision to take administrative action," said Dogra.
"At the same time, we have to really ponder whether the causes that led to treatment by the US of Devyani Khobragade have since been eliminated by the US authorities," they added.
According to reports, the government has placed Khobragade under 'compulsory watch' after they spoke to the media without seeking permission.
Khobragade, a 1999 batch Indian Foreign Service (IFS) officer, was arrested and strip-searched in New York in December last year on charges of ill-treating their domestic help. The incident had led to a major diplomatic row between the two countries.
A music legend was spotted flipping through records at a downtown Vancouver shop on Thursday.
Beat Street Records, located on West Hastings just east of Homer, posted a photo on Facebook of Elton John browsing its selection around 1 p.m.
The store's manager shared a picture of John speaking on a flip phone, writing that the singer asked an employee if there were any albums in stock by U.S. rapper Tech N9ne.
They then bought a Devine Brown album and "all the Scritti Poliiti we had." They also bought records by Jane Siberry, Little Feet, Linda Ronstadt, Morris Day and more, the manager wrote.
John signed a copy of their 1973 album "Goodbye Yellow Brick Road" while at the store, but staff said the autograph is not for sale.
"Memories are priceless," a message on Facebook says.
The superstar's surprise visit came two days before they kick off their latest tour in Victoria. John plays two weekend shows in the capital before the tour moves on to the U.S., South America and Europe.
Github - Twitter THIS SITE SUPPORTS NET NEUTRALITY
More info at: battleforthenet.com
Overlay your favorite eurobeat onto videos! Select a video to upload: Select a song or upload your own. DEJA VU RUNNING IN THE 90S NIGHT OF FIRE BACK ON THE ROCKS DANCING (COOL VIBRATIONS) DOGFIGHT HEARTBEAT I NEED YOUR LOVE LOVE IS IN DANGER NO ONE SLEEP IN TOKYO RAGE YOUR DREAMS REMEMBER ME OTHER
At what time does the song climax? At what time (in seconds) do you want the song to climax in the video?
This website has no affiliation with the Initial D brand nor Avex Group Holdings Inc. I do not own the songs or the logo of "SUPER EUROBEAT". This web site is protected under fair use for the purpose of parody.
— Brodus Clay, who has not competed inside a WWE ring since the February 7, 2012 SmackDown taping, returns to action at tonight's RAW live event at the STAPLES Center in Los Angeles, California. Clay's dancer Cameron Lynn tweeted, “Who is gonna b at the staple center tonight to see some WWE action ? Best part is u get to see yours truly…me and the funkasaurus.” Online reports suggest Clay was removed from television due to Vince McMahon's unhappiness with their ring work. Regarding said reports, WWE.com writer Kevin Eck tweeted, “I have not seen the real reason reported anywhere.”
— You can now follow me (Ryan Clark) on Facebook and Twitter. My Facebook account is located at http://facebook.com/RyanClarkWZR and my Twitter account is at http://twitter.com/RyanClarkWZR Hope to see you soon!
— Jack Swagger was referenced during SportsNation's “101 Most Disrespectful Moments” episode on ESPN2. A clip was shown of a basketball player doing push-ups following a dunk and host Michelle Beadle said they reminded them of Jack Swagger. Regarding this, Swagger tweeted,
Planetary
Mars Crater Shows Evidence for Climate Evolution
ESA's Mars Express has provided images of a remarkable crater on Mars that may show evidence that the planet underwent significant periodic fluctuations in its climate due to changes in its rotation axis.
On 19 June 2011, Mars Express pointed its high-resolution stereo camera at the Arabia Terra region of Mars, imaging the Danielson and Kalocsa craters.
Danielson crater is named after the late George E Danielson, who was instrumental in the development of many spacecraft cameras flown to Mars. Seen to the right (north) in the image, it is the larger crater, roughly 60 km across.
Kalocsa crater lies in the centre of the image and is smaller, about 33 km in diameter and a kilometre shallower than Danielson. It is named after a town in Hungary famed for its astronomical observatory.
Danielson crater, like many in the Arabia Terra region, is filled with layered sediments, which in this instance have been heavily eroded over time. Within the crater are peculiarly layered buttes, known as yardangs.
Yardangs are streamlined hills carved from bedrock or any consolidated or semi-consolidated material by abrasive dust and sand particles carried in the wind.
They are seen on Earth in desert regions, with notable examples in North Africa, Central Asia and Arizona in the United States.
In the case of Danielson crater, it is believed that sediments were cemented by water, possibly from an ancient deep groundwater reservoir, before being eroded by the wind.
The orientation of the yardangs leads scientists to theorise that strong north–northeasterly winds (from the lower right in the image) both deposited the original sediments and then caused their subsequent erosion in a later drier period of martian history.
A 30 km-long field of darker dunes can be seen bisecting the yardangs and is thought to have formed at a later epoch.
The crater floor of Danielson shows evidence for a series of alternating sedimentary layers with roughly uniform thickness and separation.
Some scientists believe that this indicates periodic fluctuations in the climate of Mars, triggered by regular changes in the planet's axis of rotation. The different layers would have been laid down during different epochs.
By marked contrast, Kalocsa crater shows a completely different topography.
Here, no layered sediments are seen. This is thought to be due to the higher altitude of its floor, with the crater not tapping in to the suspected underlying ancient water reservoir.
Another hypothesis is that this crater is younger than its neighbour, created when water was not present anymore.
There has been worry and speculation on the internet about the PS4 exclusivity that we announced during the press conference, so here are some details to help answer those questions.
Our deal with Sony is a limited-time exclusivity that applies to competing console platforms. Basically it is that you will see the game on the PlayStation 4 for a while before you will see it on the Wii U or the rumored next Microsoft console. (We haven't been disclosed on Microsoft's next console, so I don't know anything about that platform besides the rumors that are on the internet).
This exclusivity does not prevent us from being on the PC or iOS at launch, for example.
People have been speculating that we got paid for PS4 exclusivity, but that is not the case. There was no money involved.
The real situation is that, because we are a small developer, we only have the ability to launch on a small number of platforms at once. We liked the idea of being on a console, and originally we thought we might be on the PS3 or Xbox 360, but eventually we decided not to target either of those, due to the relatively low system specs and the work required to do the ports. After some more time went by, and our release date drifted further into the future, we realized that the next-generation console launch time might be a good time to release the game. (For a while we were hoping to be out substantially earlier than the next consoles, e.g. right now, so we didn't start thinking seriously about this until recently).
To launch a high-spec version of the game on a console, it came down to a choice between the next Microsoft console or the next Sony console. There were people at Sony who really liked the game and were keeping in touch with us about it, and so we naturally started going to their PS4 developer events, got a dev kit, and started playing with it. I don't have good communication with anyone at Microsoft right now, but all our technical people like the PS4 specs a lot more than the leaked Durango specs, and we like the positioning of the PS4 (it's about games) more than what we perceive Microsoft's positioning is going to be.
So we just found ourselves doing a PS4 port. And once we are doing that, it is not practical for us also to think about another console port. We were going to be a de facto console exclusive for Sony no matter what. As I mentioned, there are people at Sony who are very interested in The Witness, so they somehow percolated up through the ranks the idea of showing the game in the launch show.
Of course, Sony wants that show to point out things that are going to be exclusive or special to their console. If we are in their show, but next week we turn around and announce "we changed our mind, we are exclusive on Durango forever," that would be a bit weird. So to be in the show we signed a timed exclusivity for competing consoles. But this was just a formalization of something that was already going to be the case. We like the PS4 and we like the people at Sony we are working with, so it was an easy choice to make the agreement.
Exact timing of our release on launch platforms has yet to be figured out. It just depends on how much we can do and when; we'll know more as we get much closer to the game being done.
A few thoughts on the art of scribbling:
Maybe you have heard that writing is a lonely job. This can be true if you're lucky. This means that it is easier to live with someone who still doesn't quite believe writing is a real job than someone who reveres the written word—your written word—and wants to talk about it over dinner. There are writers—mostly poets, I think—who bring this on themselves, who are incapable of letting go of their words even long enough to eat, and read from their day's work until the steam from the boiled meat and potatoes fogs up their reading glasses.
There is something about women I know who revere the written word that makes them want to boil food. I think it is because in their hearts they do not believe cooking is also an art. No, I don't know if it works the other way around, when the wife is the poet. I did know a guy named Jim Harrison, a man's man who died recently and was not only a wonderful writer but also a wonderful cook. As far as I know, though, their nature never gave itself over to domestic life.
This is not to say that nobody should talk about writing. Word of mouth, as the publishers say when they don't want to pay for a half-page ad in the Sunday book section, is the fundamental selling tool of book-selling. This assumes of course that people talk about books, which most of them don't.
Also good for sales is if your book gets lucky enough to win one of the big awards, and speaking of that, the most depressing literary day you are ever likely to have is your anniversary, the day of the following year when the new winners of the National Book Award or the Pulitzer are announced, and you sit in your little office, staring at the article beginning on the bottom of page one—page one, at least, if the newspaper you read happened to win a Pulitzer or two for its own that year—speaking through gritted teeth to the only being in the world sensitive enough to understand, your beloved Labrador retriever/basset hound amalgamation, Lester. “They gave it away, Les. They just… fucking… gave it to somebody else.” For Lester, who has always been handled gently, it is a very confusing morning. As far as they know, this is the first thing he's ever done wrong.
So one afternoon you're on the way home from the post office, waiting for NPR's Terry Gross to come on with their nightly report on the arts, Fresh Air. This is a couple of weeks ago. Terry Gross does talk about books, and over the last 20-odd years they have done more good for writers—and readers—than anybody else you can think of. They and NPR are the argument against the 30-second attention span.
It develops that you are a few minutes early tuning in today, and before Fresh Air starts, NPR airs a little story about a Seattle writer named Will Taylor, whose first book, Maggie and Abby's Never Ending Pillow Fort, is due for publication by HarperCollins next year.
Pillow Fort tweaks your interest because before Taylor sent it off to the publisher, they sent the manuscript to a woman in New York named Bethany Morrow, who edited it for sensitivity. How the story got to NPR is anybody's guess, and Morrow there presents their services as pure logic. They say that if you are writing a novel about a 17th-century botanist, you would presumably research the subject.
There is however a necessary point that Morrow has not addressed, which is why would you be writing about a 17th-century botanist in the first place. You just woke up that morning and felt like taking a crack at it? That is not how it happens. Something catches you, some character or event that you sense you might already understand and claim for your own, and that connection, that personal connection, is where the novel comes from. It is also where the work is, and the art, if there is any. Sometimes that connection is all you really have for years.
Which is why after you have done what you can do, it is up to the reader to engage your story or not, and if the reader gives up on it because it doesn't meet their political or social expectations, well, that guy does not count. You are not writing to repeat something your reader already knows.
In any case, Morrow sent Taylor several pages of criticism, which the author says they gratefully accepted and employed. They now say they can't imagine not using a sensitivity editor on all their books to come.
Beyond that, it's hard to know what went on. The example cited on NPR was a black character named Myesha who rolled their head and, in Mr. Taylor's words, “had an attitude.” Morrow argued that because Myesha was the only black character in the story, they had to embody more positive traits. This is completely the opposite, wrong way to find a character.
Beyond that, I can't say much. Nobody will talk about what Pillow Fort is. Taylor wrote quite a long, cordial email refusing to talk about it.
Morrow—an author themselves who's written elsewhere in gauzy terms about what it is they do as a “sensitivity reader” with rates starting at $250 because “there can be problematic content in the work… if you're writing about Black American history and/or identity, and any of these intersections (or these topics on their own): womanness, motherhood, family dynamics (including sisterhood and sibling dynamics in larger families), higher education (specifically PWIs), expatriation, international travel, interracial relationships, accelerated education programs (specifically GATE and International Baccalaureate), invisible disability, performance cultures (ex: marching band, drill team, dance, etc)”—wrote a shorter, pretty cordial email refusing to talk about their work for Taylor.
Over at HarperCollins, a publicist, who is presumably paid to talk about books, did not reply to three days of requests, and then finally offered a one-sentence explanation of what the book was. On the other hand, one of the first things you learn about the book business is publicists are not self-starters, and you need a cattle prod to get them off their asses.
It is slightly less surprising that Morrow didn't want to talk. They may glimpse that she's fighting unintentional stereotypes with deliberate stereotypes—this from All Things Considered:
“What I want to see happen is for people to take responsibility for their privilege and that if you actively want to be part of the solution, you are going to have to forfeit your privilege. There is no way around it. You can't keep it and also make an acceptable situation for everyone else.”
I have to wonder what privilege Morrow wants writers to forfeit. Getting up at five in the morning, every morning, so you can write 500 words before you go to work? Gambling all those mornings—years of mornings—against the long odds that you're good enough to publish, much less can make a living at it? Self doubt? Reviews? Reviewers? Whole afternoons with tight-mouthed little grammarians who want to argue about punctuation—who do not understand the simple sentence, Fuck semi-colons?
Speaking of privilege, the sensitivity editors apparently believe they are entitled to some say in a process they might not understand or respect. The presumptive thing is not writing a character from a different race, it is inventing a whole character at all.
Taylor, though, says Morrow is “awesome,” and that they want their books to be safe places, and if what we're talking about is only books for tots, there's no real argument. If Taylor—and the sensitivity editors—intend to aim higher, then they need to understand that a greeting card is not a story.
Kurau Phantom Memory (Japanese: クラウ ファントムメモリー, Hepburn: Kurau Fantomu Memorī) is a 2004 science fiction anime series, produced by Bones and Media Factory, which was broadcast in Japan by the anime television networks Animax and TV Asahi. Set primarily in the year 2110, it explores themes such as inter-familial relationships and ethics in science. The series was licensed by A.D. Vision for North American localization for $960,000[1] since the first episode aired, and the first DVD was released on April 10, 2007. In 2008, the series was transferred from A.D. Vision to Funimation Entertainment, along with over 30 other titles.[2]
Plot [ edit ]
In the year 2100, Dr. Amami is a scientist working in the field of alternative energy, who at the beginning of the series is on the verge of a major breakthrough in the area of "Rynax energy". Their daughter Kurau accompanies them to the lab on their twelfth birthday, where an experiment goes horribly wrong and they are struck by a bolt of this energy, which disperses them into lights.
When they reform, it is found that their body has been taken over by two Rynax, who are actually sentient life forms and not just a form of energy. However, one of the Rynax is too weak to awaken. The awakened Rynax takes on Kurau's name and identity, and though their newfound superhuman abilities make them a subject of interest for scientists, Kurau manages to live a relatively normal life. Ten years later, the second Rynax awakens and emerges as a twelve-year-old girl, whom Kurau names Christmas. The two look and interact very much like sisters.
Rynax [ edit ]
Originally believed to be a form of energy, Rynax are actually binary life forms that exist in Pairs. These beings are made up of pure energy and are channeled from an alternate dimension, and not generated as Dr. Amami believed. This channeling proves very traumatic for the Rynax, and often results in nearly immediate death. A Rynax that has fused with a human is known as a Ryna sapien. However, fusing with a human is often dangerous, and the usual outcome is a slow, agonizing death for both human and Rynax. Kurau proves to be extremely fortunate, as the human and Rynax components of their identity live together in a symbiotic relationship. The Rynax also give them special abilities, such as amazing strength and agility, and the ability to fly, pass through solid objects and generate enough radiation to disintegrate objects instantly.
Other humans who have been merged with Rynax prove to be dangerous and destructive people, resulting in pursuit of the GPO (police force) and termination of both Rynax and human. Kurau and their Pair are pursued by the GPO under the belief that they, too, are a threat to the world. Kurau vows to protect their Pair, while at the same time trying to escape detection and live a peaceful life.
Characters [ edit ]
Kurau Amami – Voiced by: Ayako Kawasumi (Japanese); Monica Rial (English) A mysterious young woman employed as an "Agent": A freelance operative who takes any job that is potentially too dangerous or illegal to involve normal private eyes or the Global Police Organization (GPO). Although barely in their twenties, Kurau is already one of the best in the business, and the rumor is that there is no job they won't take and nothing they can't do. Few people know them well, however, and their past is a complete mystery. In truth, the Kurau the world sees is actually the result of a freak accident that occurred ten years earlier, in which their body became fused with an energy-being called a Rynax. In the process, their two personalities merged into a new composite creature that shares two different pasts. As a result, Kurau is somewhat of a loner, not quite comfortable with human society and forced to shun close relationships with other humans, lest they discover their secret. At the same time, they long to be reunited with their Rynax Pair, whose essence sleeps inside them
Christmas – Voiced by: Misa Kobayashi (Japanese); Jessica Boone (English) Kurau's Rynax Pair. They emerge from Kurau's body ten years after the incident which fused them with the Rynax. Christmas is similar in appearance to Kurau at age twelve, albeit decidedly less tomboyish. Unlike Kurau, Christmas initially has no superhuman abilities. Although seemingly innocent and naive, they seem to have an intuitive understanding of others as well as an ability to learn very quickly. For example, they are able to read a cookbook and produce a full dinner on their first day out in the world.
Hajime Amami – Voiced by: Mitsuru Ogata (Japanese); John Gremillion (English) Kurau's father, a kind, intelligent man and former alternative energy researcher. Wracked by guilt over the accident that changed Kurau, and physically damaged after their own encounter with Rynax force, they are now being forced by the GPO to work on a project that could destroy their own child.
Doug – Voiced by: Tomoyuki Shimura (Japanese); Jason Douglas (English) A down-and-out Agent and former officer in the GPO, Doug finds themselves trapped in a steadily deteriorating situation when they are assigned to find out the truth about Kurau. Trusting neither the police nor their own shady employers, Doug soon finds themselves empathizing with Kurau as they go on the run.
Wong Shun Yee – Voiced by: Tōru Furusawa (Japanese); Illich Guardiola (English) A determined but enigmatic investigator who commands a GPO unit tasked with investigating and controlling Ryna sapiens. Soft-spoken and a man of few but precisely-chosen words, Wong seems to know more about what is really going on than their own superiors. They also have suspicions that they are not being told the complete truth about the Rynax situation.
Ayaka Steiger – Voiced by: Yuko Kaida (Japanese); Tiffany Grant (English) Formerly Doug's subordinate/partner in the GPO, Ayaka is now assigned as a captain in Wong's unit, and is directly in charge of capturing Kurau. They seem to be focused on advancing in rank by any means possible, but in fact their own father was the head of the GPO until they were assassinated. For this reason, Ayaka prefers to be called only by their first name, and one of their real goals is to find out the reasons behind their father's death. They trust no one with this secret, although they still keep track of their former partner Doug, and they and Wong appear to develop a relationship based on mutual respect.
Ichise – Voiced by: Nobuo Tobita (Japanese); John Swasey (English) Although an older scientist than Amami, Ichise began as a subordinate in Amami's lab, but quickly worked their way up to a position in charge by sucking up to the GPO and betraying their former colleagues. A ruthless man, they care about nothing but advancing their own agenda, no matter what the cost to others might be.
Saito – Voiced by: Minoru Inaba (Japanese); Rick Peeples (English) Saito is the commissioner of the GPO and the series' main antagonist. Saito is intent on building a military unit out of Rynax soldiers.
Minamida – Voiced by: Fumihiko Tachiki (Japanese); Marty Fleck (English) A crusty and grizzled old veteran who runs the Agency that Kurau normally works for.  They are a tough-talking man who harbors a secret fondness for Kurau, but that won't stop them from sending them on the most dangerous assignments.
Ella – Voiced by: Miyuki Ichijou (Japanese); Melinda DeKay (English) The Amami family housekeeper, Ella is a kindly older woman who took care of the young Kurau after the death of their mother. World-wise and a keen observer of human nature, Ella understands the relationship between Dr. Amami and their daughter far better than they do themselves.
Ted – Voiced by: Makoto Tsumura Mamoru Miyano (Japanese); Kira Vincent-Davis (English) Doug's son, who is being raised by their mother and has become rather spoiled and aloof.  They are also growing increasingly disenchanted with their father, who quit their "cool" job in the GPO to become a "boring" low-end private eye.
Frank Zaksman – Voiced by: Akio Nojima (Japanese); George Manley (English) Frank is Kurau's uncle, who lives with their wife Kleine in Switzerland.
Kleine Zaksman – Voiced by: Sumi Shimamoto (Japanese); Shelley Calene-Black (English) Kleine is Kurau's aunt, who lives with their husband Frank in Switzerland.
Yvon Tardieu – Voiced by: Miyu Irino (Japanese); Shannon Emerick (English)
Jessica Lundgren – Voiced by: Hiroko Kasahara (Japanese); Larissa Wolcott (English)
Windt Delyus – Voiced by: Youji Matsuda (Japanese); Greg Ayres (English)
Regel Delyus – Voiced by: Mitsunori Isaki (Japanese); Vic Mignogna (English)
Release [ edit ]
Theme songs [ edit ]
Opening theme : "Natsukashii Umi" by Akino Arai
: "Natsukashii Umi" by Akino Arai Ending theme : "Moonlight" by Yukari Katsuki (S.E.N.S.)
: "Moonlight" by Yukari Katsuki (S.E.N.S.) Insert songs: "Lilipri Layli" and "Lonely Freedom" by Yukari Katsuki (S.E.N.S.)
Reception [ edit ]
Kurau Phantom Memory received mixed but generally positive reviews from critics. Kevin Gifford of Newtype USA praised the first volume of the series for its "neat take on the Ghost in the Shell-ish 'super-powered ladies in a dystopian future' formula" and said that it had "one of the most memorable first episodes" of any recent anime.[3] Mania.com reviewer Brian Morton said that early on the series was "something of a disappointment," but that later episodes were "engaging, entertaining, and in some ways thought-provoking." They gave the series a B+ rating and called it "well worth watching."[4] Diane Tiu of THEM Anime Reviews gave the series five out of five stars, stating that "there is very little to dislike about this series. There are no filler episodes and story moves at a crack pace". They also compared Kurau's movement style to that of Juna Ariyoshi from the anime series Arjuna.[5]
In their review of the final DVD, Theron Martin of Anime News Network praised Kurau for its characters and "emotional appeal," but criticized how it was marketed, saying that too much focus was put on its action elements.[6] In the site's Best of 2007 feature, both reviewers listed the series among the best of the year, describing it as "a combination of understated but convincing world-building, action, and genuine emotion (along with a pair of memorable and adorable leads)". Martin also named Kurau and Christmas "Best Couple," saying that while they are not "a couple in the traditional romantic sense," they "have such a close and loving connection that they put even Keiichi and Belldandy to shame."[7]
Some reviewers were more critical of the series. IGN reviewer Jeffrey Harris gave the first DVD of the series a 6 out of 10 ("Passable") rating, stating that "Kurau starts more on the slow side, but it looks like it could be picking up steam and getting more exciting ... The show needs to be less vague about the Rynax and their origins."[8] Norman Rafferty of The Escapist gave the series a mostly negative review, criticizing it for lack of originality and saying that "After a promising opening, Kurau Phantom Memory quickly becomes melodrama."[9] Otaku USA reviewer C.M. Brendelson said the series failed to make an emotional impact, and that the "story and character flaws, which are numerous and thoroughly aggravating, destroy what is otherwise a beautifully produced show."[10]
The Origin of Consciousness
Order
The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind
from Powell's The Origin of Consciousness in the Breakdown of the Bicameral Mind , by Julian Jaynes, a psychologist at Princeton University. Nearly everyone seems to agree that this is either a work of profound genius, or of profound crackpottery, and also that they aren't sure which it is. Jaynes' theory, as nearly as I can summarize the book, is something like this: Human consciousness (which Jaynes describes and defines in considerable detail) is a relatively recent development, dating back at most only about 3,000 years or so. That is the shocking part of the theory. Most people probably imagine consciousness arising much, much earlier, perhaps before language. Jaynes disagrees. In their theory, language, and in particular its mediation of thought through the use of metaphors, is an essential prerequisite for consciousness. And their date for the development of consciousness means that human consciousness would postdate several other important developments, such as metalworking, large-scale agriculture, complex hierarchical social structures, and even writing. Jaynes thinks that the development of consciousness is a historical event and is attested to by written history. They try to examine the historical record to find evidence not only of preconscious culture, but of the tremendous upheavals that both caused and were the result of the arrival of consciousness. If preconscious humans farmed, built temples and granaries, and kept records, they must have had some sort of organizing behavior that sufficed in place of consciousness. Jaynes believes that prior to the development of consciousness, humans had a very different mentality. When you or I need to make a decision, we construct a mental narrative, in which we imagine ourselves trying several courses of action, and attempt to predict the possible consequences. Jaynes claims that Bronze Age humans did not do this. What then? Instead, says Jaynes, the two halves of the brain were less well-integrated in preconscious humans than they are today. The preconscious mentality was "bicameral", with the two halves of the brain operating more independently, and sometimes at odds with each other. The left hemisphere, as today, was usually dominant. Faced with a difficult decision, preconscious human would wait, possibly undergoing (and perhaps even encouraging) an increasingly agitated physical state, until they heard the voice of a god directing them what to do. These hallucinated voices were generated by the right hemisphere of the brain, and projected internally into the left hemisphere. For example, when the Iliad says that the goddess Athena spoke to Achilles, and commanded and physically restrained them from killing Agamemnon, it is not fabulating: Achilles' right brain hallucinated the voice of the Goddess and restrained him. In Jaynes' view, there is a large amount of varied literary, anthropological, and neurological evidence supporting this admittedly bizarre hypothesis. For example, they compare the language used in the Biblical Book of Amos (bicameral) with that in Ecclesiastes (conscious). They find many examples of records from the right period of history bewailing the loss of the guidance of the gods, the stilling of their voices, and the measures that people took, involving seers and prophets, to try to bring the guiding voices back. Jaynes speculates that mental states such as schizophrenia, which are frequently accompanied by irresistible auditorily hallucinated commands, may be throwbacks to the older, "bicameral" mental state. Whether you find the theory amazingly brilliant or amazingly stupid, I urge to to withhold judgment until you have read the book. It is a fat book, and there is a mass of fascinating detail. As I implied, it's either a work of profound genius or of profound crackpottery, and I'm not sure which. (Yaakov Sloman tells me that the response to Wittgenstein's Tractatus Logico-Philosophicus was similarly ambivalent when it was new. I think the consensus is now on the genius side.) Either way, it is quite fascinating. There needs to be some theory to account for the historical development of consciousness, and as far as I know, this is the only one on offer. Anyway, I did not mean to get into this in so much detail. The reason I brought this up is that because of my continuing interest in Jaynes' theory, and how it is viewed by later scholars, I am reading Muses, Madmen, and Prophets: Rethinking the History, Science, and Meaning of Auditory Hallucination by Daniel B. Smith. I am not very far into it yet, but Smith has many interesting things to say about auditory hallucinations, their relationship to obsessive-compulsive disorder, and other matters. On page 37 Smith mentions a paper, which as they say, has a wonderful title: "Involuntary Masturbation as a Manifestation of Stroke-Related Alien Hand Syndrome". Isn't that just awesome? It gets you coming and going, like a one-two punch. First there's the involuntary masturbation, and while you're still reeling from that it follows up with "alien hand syndrome". To save you the trouble of reading the paper, I will summarize. The patient is a 72-year-old male. They have lesions in their right frontal lobe.  They are experiencing "alien hand syndrome", where their hand seems to be under someone else's control, grabbing objects, like the TV remote control, or grabbing pieces of chicken off their plate and feeding them to him, when what they wanted to do was feed themselves with the fork in their right hand. "During their hospital stay, the patient expressed frustration and dismay when they realized that they were masturbating publicly and with their inability to voluntarily release their grasp of objects in the left hand." Reaction time tests of their hands revealed that when the left hand was under their conscious control, it suffered from a reaction time delay, but when it was under the alien's control, it didn't. Whee, freaky.
[Other articles in category /brain] permanent link
Back in the day, supergroups ruled rock's largely white, largely male landscape. Megaliths like my boys Cream, Blind Faith and Crosby, Stills, Nash and Young bestrode the earth in all their swaggering testosterone-oozing alpha glory. They dominated the music charts and arenas with power chord chestnuts which legitimized the careers of gatekeeping white music critics and fueled a multi-billion dollar recording industry ripping off black blues/rock trailblazers like Rosetta Tharpe, Muddy Waters, Little Richard and Jimi Hendrix. Outmoded, the supergroups of the 60s and 70s eventually crashed and burned, victim to the ravages of time, drugs, egos, corporate bloat, and the encroachments of disco and punk.
The recent merger of the secular organization Center for Inquiry (CFI) and the Richard Dawkins Foundation (RDF) has been dubbed atheism's supergroup moment. Acknowledging the two organizations' outsized presence in the atheist world, Religion News Service acidly declared it a "royal wedding". The partnership, which gives Richard Dawkins a seat on the CFI board, smacks of a vindication of Dawkins' toxic, reactionary brand of damn-all-them-culturally-backward-Western-values-hating- Muslims New Atheism. As one of the most prominent global secular organizations, CFI's all-white board looks right at home with RDF's lily white board and staff.
Meanwhile, atheists and humanists of color have been going against the white grain to address issues that much of organized atheism and humanism are resistant if not outright hostile to. Last week, the Black Non-Believers organization, the largest network of African American atheists in the country, celebrated its five-year anniversary in Atlanta, Georgia. Founded by activist Mandisa Thomas, the network is an antidote to the ostracism black atheists in the Bible Belt and beyond experience, especially in the absence of supportive secular institutions.
The intersection of racial segregation, economic inequality and cultural identity is the reason why religious traditions predominate in black communities. When African-Americans across the economic spectrum look to social welfare, educational and civic organizations they are more often than not tapping into those either provided by or connected to faith-based institutions. For example, at a recent Drew University conference (named after pioneering African American physician and scientist Charles Drew) I attended on resiliency and African-American men, faith was often cited as key to motivating young black men to pursue community leadership and academics.
High school students spoke of getting mentoring and college readiness resources from their congregations. In South Los Angeles, re-entry programs that provide jobs for formerly incarcerated black workers meet in and partner with churches. In the absence of community, job and recreation centers, churches offer stable physical space which simply doesn't exist elsewhere in most poor and working class communities of color. Simply put, churches -- for good or ill -- are a political and social platform for people of color in the absence of the kind of secular institutions that provide white people with political leverage, visibility, and validation. Atheists who bash religion but aren't about the business of building social justice institutions that provide alternatives to religious ones are just making noise.
The need for secular reentry initiatives is one issue that will be taken up at this week's Secular Social Justice conference at Rice University in Houston, Texas. Featuring atheist and humanist activists, educators and writers of color, the event is the only secular conference to focus exclusively on racial, gender and economic justice in communities of color without apology or accommodation to white folks' let's-ghettoize-this-into-a-diversity-panel reflex. From the cultural relevance of feminism, to the impact of mass incarceration, the intersectional activism of queer atheists of color and the neoliberal re-segregation of public schools, progressive folk of color who also identify as atheist and/or humanist are broadening the scope of atheist activism beyond merely challenging religious prejudice.
Greetings fellow liberals! Today we discuss religion. To the uninitiated it would seem that we are too smug and superior to be concerned about religion but nothing could be further from the truth. The Church of Climatology forms a central part of our lives and we defend it just as zealously as any terrorist defends the great pedophile in the sky. Not only are we willing to kill people to defend our religion, we are willing to ruin careers, livelihoods, and silence anyone critical of our religion.
Tenets
The tenets of our religion are simple. White men are sinful creatures and are going to destroy our environment. The simple minded think that our credo holds that all men are responsible for the changing climate but that is only what we release for public consumption. If there are two countries a white majority one producing 10 units of pollution, lets call it the US for example, and there is a country with a non-white majority one producing 50 units of pollution, lets call it India or China for example, we would require that the country producing the 10 units of pollution be more highly regulated than those producing 50. In our religion the pollution caused by white men causes more damage to the environment than pollution caused by people of other races.
Heirarchy
The church of climatology has a very well defined hierarchy. On top we have our equivalent of the Pope or the Caliph. It is currently the almighty Al Gore. On the next level we have Leo and the rest of the saints residing in our holy city of Hollywood. We use very simple criteria in determining who moves up and down in our hierarchy. The more famous you are and the purer your belief in climatology the higher your rank is.
Heresy
Like any other religion we do have heretics as well. Our colloquial term for them is deniers. They deny the one true faith. When you meet one of these deniers I encourage you to plug you ears and shout “It's settled Science” at the top of your lungs. This is a very useful phrase to remember. If you ever find yourself backed into a corner or unsure of what to say shouting this is a safe bet. It is like “Deus Vult” for the christians in the middle ages or “Allahu Akbar” for the muslims today. They all mean the same thing. We are right because we believe in our heart we are right. It does not matter what others say.
Rest assured we are going after these heretics. They will hunt down and eliminated. When dealing with these people we are very thorough. First we make sure that they are cut off from any source of funding. We will put pressure on the universities and other places they may be employed to get them fired. Next we will make sure they get humiliated by the press and other agencies controlled by high ranking members of the Church of Climatology. Lastly we make sure that they cannot infect other people with their ideas by censoring them. We can be as thorough as inquisitors employed by the Pope if we put our minds to it.
Doomsday
Every religion has sects which declare the end of the world. Some christians declare that the rapture is coming and hole up in their church. Some muslims say that the final battle is here and head to the middle east to fight. Our religion is no different. In fact out of all major religions we have declared the end of the world the most times. We are very creative as well. Other religions have static scenarios. Jesus is coming or the infidels are coming to Mecca. We have many different ones. A new ice age, islands dissapearing, a massive world war, and many others you can think of.
This shows the strength of our religion. If other faiths were to make the same number of end of the world predictions that we did and consistently get it wrong nobody would believe them anymore. In our case every prediction we make just reinforces the faith of the members of the Church of Climatology. Our faith is truly strong.
Glory be to Gore in the highest and praise Leo and all the saints!
Advertisements
(TNS) — Peter Leyden found a perfect metaphor for how America and the Lehigh Valley are adapting to the brave new world of “digitization” — the conversion of information into an electronic format that has revolutionized how we live, work and communicate.
From their hotel room at the Sands Casino Resort Bethlehem, they could see Bethlehem Steel, a leading industrial power of the 20th century, re-purposed into an arts center and a casino. The change is indicative of a nation transforming itself amid rapid technological changes and economic shifts, said Leyden, a futurist and former editor of Wired magazine.
They were the keynote speaker Tuesday at FutureLV, an all-day Lehigh Valley Planning Commission event designed to discuss, understand and help plan for what's ahead.
“It's a great reminder of how America has gone through some fundamental reinvention,” Leyden told the crowd of about 120 business leaders, government officials and regional planners at Lehigh University's Iacocca Hall.
Those local leaders will look to keep insights offered by Leyden and other experts in mind as they piece together a regional comprehensive plan. The plan, due next December, will attempt to position the Lehigh Valley for growth and success over the next 30 years by anticipating the Valley's next big economic, transportation and housing challenges and identifying potential solutions.
Leyden compared these shifts in lifestyles with past revolutions that changed the face of America. The last cycle, they said, came in the boom years after World War II, when the rise of automobiles and America's manufacturing might create the suburbs. That economy and lifestyle demanded, among other things, a new road network and an increase in college educations.
The rise of computers in the last 30 years, Leyden said, has had worldwide effects similar to the creation of the printing press. Today's near-instantaneous exchange of information has redefined the world, and innovators are finding endless uses for new technology.
“If you went to FDR and told them that you had this device that could answer any question in the world and prioritize the answers for you in less than a second, they would say, ‘That's magic.' And you would say, ‘no, that's Google,' ” Leyden told the crowd.
But the side effects of that technology have created new challenges. Automation has killed many of the assembly line manufacturing jobs that helped build the middle class, and the same is beginning to happen for white collar jobs that perform routine tasks, they said. While technology companies like Apple, Alphabet and Amazon have accumulated massive wealth, the gap between the haves and have-nots has widened. Bridging that gap in an era of widespread automation, they said, will be the greatest challenge of the next 50 years.
Panels of experts teased out finer details of that challenge and others during the event, including changes to the economy, local land uses, education and transportation. While the topics varied, speakers were generally optimistic society would figure how to address lingering problems.
For example, college educations may not remain as critical to success as the need for key technical skills. Consumer tolerance for slow connections or dead zones has disappeared in less than a decade.
Joseph Divis, an assistant vice president of external affairs for AT&T, said the telecommunications company has seen its customers' data usage increase 250,000 percent in the last decade, and the company spent $8 million to maintain its network just in Pennsylvania. To keep it fast in the future, it's hiring more technicians and retraining staff.
“We just have to continue to talk about those other opportunities that don't require college degrees,” Divis said.
Fast networks are promoting the rise of online shopping, which is hurting many brick-and-mortar retail stores. But Nancy Dischinat, executive director of the Lehigh Valley Workforce Investment Board, noted that technology retail stores like Apple are still packed. As new devices come out, consumers need to be trained about their capabilities and how to use them. While some traditional retail jobs are disappearing, the shift is birthing opportunities for workers who can learn new systems and communicate the technology's capabilities to customers.
Conflicting visions of the future emerged in other areas such as transportation. While post-war baby boomers' flocking to the suburbs left the cities empty, some millennials are returning to urban cores. That will mean, among other things, more biking and pedestrian paths in future transportation plans. The paths would be cheaper to maintain and promote healthier lifestyles while providing safe routes away from vehicles, Lehigh Valley Planning Commissioner Executive Director Becky Bradley said.
At the same time, technology has reached a point where experts believe self-driving cars may only be a decade away. Features like cruise control and lane detection already exist, and advances in GPS and obstacle detection remain the last technological hurdles. Human errors are responsible for most crashes, so taking the wheel away from people should improve overall highway safety, Bradley said.
Will Calve, a senior transit planner and project manager for AECOM, recalled seeing a simulation of how a fully automated system of cars would flow through an intersection without traffic signals. With a computer hive mind-controlling the flow of traffic, the cars could travel within a few feet of each other without concern for collisions. But that system doesn't take into account people slow to transition to automated cars — or people on foot.
“Like a ballet, they just pass each other without hitting each other. And then you realize there are no pedestrians in this simulation. There are no bicyclists in this simulation,” they said.
Stephen Buckley, a former general manager of transportation for Toronto, compared the development of automated cars to the Wild West. Individual companies are creating the technology, but there's little government regulation in place. For a system of self-driving cars to go live, someone will have to establish standards for a shared network or ethical decisions about whether a self-driving car should risk the lives of its occupants or pedestrians in the event of a crash.
“Right now it is happening to us,” they said. “Everyone is kind of afraid to pump the brakes on this out of fear of appearing as a Luddite.”
©2017 The Morning Call (Allentown, Pa.) Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.
May 18, 2011
Lottery Winner Kills Landlord Over Daughter's Refusal to Pay Rent
Posted by Dave Blount at May 18, 2011 7:31 AM
No amount of free money poured on the poor is going to improve anything, as illustrated by the case of homicidal millionaire Freddie Young of Detroit:
Three months ago, Freddie Young became a lottery millionaire.
Today, the 62-year-old Detroiter is residing not in a luxury home but in a jail cell, accused of gunning down the owner of an apartment complex for evicting their daughter.
The landlord was Greg McNicol, originally of Australia, apparently a saintly but misguided eccentric who thought it was possible to do business in Detroit.
Apartment resident Florida Benton said McNicol was more than a landlord — they were a person with a good heart who lived in the "worst apartment" in the complex while they made repairs on the other units.
They wonder why a newly minted millionaire would allegedly get so worked up over unpaid rent in a run-down complex.
"My question is: If (Young) had that type of money, what was their daughter still doing here?" Benton said. "It is just as easy to put someone in a new residence tomorrow as it is to come down here and shoot someone in cold blood."
As easy maybe, but not as natural.
Prior to moving into the clink, Young lived in a $15,000 house described as a "ramshackle dwelling." The lottery money apparently went into new cars.
Cashing in on the lottery didn't do fellow Michigander Leroy Fick much good either. A year after winning $2 million, they continue to collect food stamps. But at least they haven't killed anyone that we know of.
Greg McNicol and their well-heeled murderer.
On tips from /not my real name.
BD: "I think it's a disaster. While 80 percent of the kids probably know what they want to do and they want to sign, it is impacting probably 95 percent of the kids.
"Let's use a kid whose team went deep into the playoffs. Their team plays Saturday games. By the time they are done playing, they have two official visit weekends. People can say, 'He can go visit in January,' except the teams that want them are saying, 'You either come in December or we'll fill the spot.'
"If you played in one of the conference championship games, you can't recruit that weekend because you are out of town. Oregon played last weekend (in a bowl). That means that while everybody else is hosting official visitors, they are in Las Vegas playing a football game. It creates an unfair balance across the board on a number of different levels. That's why I don't like it."
SUN DEVILS BRING IN 8 DRAFTED PLAYERS
TUCSON, Ariz. — Arizona State landed the No. 1 recruiting class in the nation, according to Collegiate Baseball's annual evaluation of NCAA Division I baseball classes.
It marks the Sun Devils' fourth national recruiting title. ASU also captured recruiting championships in 2008, 1995 and 1983.
This is the 34th straight year Collegiate Baseball has evaluated NCAA Division I recruiting classes.
Athletes who initially signed letters of intent with a school, but then signed a pro contract after being drafted, do not count in the overall evaluation.
Only athletes who came to school this fall are factored in as points are awarded to drafted players and the round they are chosen, All-Americans, All-State selections and All-Conference picks.
Collegiate Baseball also gives points for Conference Players of The Year, State Players of The Year and National Players of The Year.
ASU landed eight drafted players among the 20 the Sun Devils brought in this fall. Another three would have been drafted, but they turned down substantial financial overtures from professional organizations prior to the draft.
It is the most amount of draft picks an NCAA Division I team has landed since Florida brought in eight drafted players in 2013. It is the first time in seven years that a team from the Southeastern Conference has not captured the title.
The class features 15 freshmen, four junior college transfers and one 4-year college transfer.
“It really is a superb class,” said ASU Head Coach Tracy Smith.
“In our original recruiting class heading into the Draft last June, we expected to lose three players. When we lost six to pro signings, we suddenly had a lot of work to do.
“Historically, I don't go after junior college players very often. Fortunately we recovered and signed some quality junior college transfers in RHP Jake Godfrey (N.W. Florida St. who was previously drafted in the 21st round in 2014), INF Taylor Lane (N.W. Florida St. who was drafted in the 40th round) and INF Jackson Willeford (Cypress C.C., 12th round pick in 2012).”
Godfrey was initially part of LSU's 2014 recruiting class and posted a 7-1 record their first-year student year in 2015 for the Tigers as the No. 3 starter in the rotation. They struck out 39 in 54 2/3 innings but also walked 33. In December of 2015, they transferred to N.W. Florida St. before moving to ASU this fall.
“We also had three other players who would have been drafted last June, but they turned down significant monetary pro offers in RHP Zane Strand (Hamilton H.S., AZ), RHP Alec Marsh (Ronald Reagan H.S., Milwaukee, WI), and OF Tre Turner, a duel sport football and baseball player from New Orleans (Holy Cross H.S.).”
Another significant addition to the recruiting class was SS Nick Ramos from the University of Indiana.
“Nick was a part of our Indiana team that made the 2013 College World Series. They graduated last year and transferred to Arizona State where they will be immediately eligible next season as a graduate student.”
Another intriguing player is catcher Lyle Lin from JSerra Catholic H.S. (San Juan Capistrano, CA).
“Lyle is originally from Taipei, Taiwan (and was drafted in the 16th round by Seattle),” said Smith.
“He was the first player from Taiwan ever to be drafted in our Major League Free Agent Draft last June. After they finished high school last spring, they went home to Taiwan and was treated as a hero after being drafted. We are thrilled they are with us this fall.”
A complete rundown on the top 20 recruiting classes is featured in the Oct. 1, 2016 issue of Collegiate Baseball. To purchase a copy or subscribe, CLICK HERE.
2016 NCAA Div. I'm Recruiting
Results By Collegiate Baseball
Arizona St Mississippi North Carolina Arizona Auburn Florida Louisiana St. Texas Christian U.C. Santa Barbara Washington
Vanderbilt Clemson Oregon Miami, Fla. Florida St. UCLA Louisville Texas San Diego Mississippi St.
Cal. St. Fullerton South Carolina N.C. State Houston Georgia Arkansas Dallas Baptist Indiana Michigan Oklahoma St.
Virginia Texas A&M New Mexico St. Rice Nevada Georgia Tech. Hawaii Stanford Tennessee Southern California
Other Top Recruiting Classes: Missouri St., Iowa, Coastal Carolina, Oregon St., South Alabama, Texas Tech., San Diego St., Duke, California, U.C. Irvine, Cal. St. Northridge, East Carolina, St. John's, Seton Hall, Florida Atlantic, Alabama, Cal Poly, Winthrop, Utah, Georgia St., Baylor, Minnesota, Missouri, Central Florida, West Virginia, Kentucky, Florida International, Wichita St., Fresno St., South Florida, Pepperdine, Georgia Southern, The Citadel, Kent St., Western Michigan, Long Beach St., Oklahoma, Central Michigan, Michigan St., Stetson, Washington St., Texas St., Nebraska, Creighton, College of Charleston, Sam Houston St., Ball St., Louisiana-Lafayette, Notre Dame, Florida Gulf Coast, Illinois St., Southern Mississippi, Kansas, Penn State, Illinois, Tulane, Stony Brook, New Mexico, Troy, Bowling Green, Richmond, N.C. Wilmington, Gonzaga, Seton Hall, Connecticut, Purdue, Wake Forest, Maryland, St. Louis, High Point, Ohio St.
Source: Collegiate Baseball
Previous NCAA Div. I
Recruiting Champions
By Collegiate Baseball
2015: Florida
2014: Louisiana St.
2013: Florida
2012: Vanderbilt
2011: South Carolina
2010: Louisiana St.
2009: Florida
2008: Arizona St.
2007: Louisiana St.
2006: South Carolina
2005: South Carolina
2004: Louisiana St.
2003: North Carolina
South Carolina
2002: Georgia Tech.
2001: Southern California
2000: Cal. St. Fullerton
1999: Southern California
1998: Georgia Tech.
1997: UCLA
1996: Texas A&M
1995: Arizona St.
1994: Mississippi St.
1993: Miami (Fla.)
1992: Florida St.
1991: Miami (Fla.)
1990: Arizona
1989: Florida St.
1988: Miami (Fla.)
1987: Stanford
1986: Stanford
1985: Hawaii
1984: Florida St.
1983: Arizona St.
Source: Collegiate Baseball
I picked this YouTube clip up on the Eco Website Grist; an interesting feature on soil erosion. Soil is something I have been thinking about quite a lot recently, having just read Albert Bates' brilliant ‘The Biochar Solution‘ book (see below), a book very much about soil and how unbelievably important it is.
Preamble about the clip: “Bad federal policy and intensifying storms are washing away the rich dark soils in the Midwest that made this country an agricultural powerhouse and that remain the essential foundation of a healthy and sustainable food system in the future. The Environmental Working Group produced this short film with Atlas Films that provides stark images illustrating how federal farm subsidies and ethanol mandates, piled on top of skyrocketing crop prices are supporting an intensive monoculture that kneecaps any hope for a more resilient and diverse food and farm system.” Go to www.ewg.org/losingground/ for more information.
With out soil we have nothing…. it is the building block of all life, and it turns out it has the power to store carbon, regulate our climate, hold water and fertility and more. Yet our farming practices erode it, poison and compact it, like it was of no real consequence. Just recently I was invited by Maddy Harland at the Permaculture magazineto review an important new book, the Biochar Solution, by Albert Bates. A vitally important book that looks at soil in depth and its relation to climate maintenance and draws on lessons from the past of how we might best work to protect and generate more healthy soil.
Here is the review I wrote, which has just been published in Permaculture magazine. i am going to be talking about the issues raised in Biochar solution on our upcoming Permaculture Design course.
Book Review:The Biochar solution
Biochar Solution is an important and timely book which brings into sharp focus the inter-connectedness of our living planet. It proposes that through the application of this understanding we can resolve the twin challenges of climate change and food security.
The book kicks off with an almost swashbuckling account of the first Europeans to cross the landmass of South America, via the Amazon River. They reported huge settlements and almost continuous development for miles at a time along its banks; a vast society thriving on biochar enriched soils in the Amazon basin. Interestingly these artificially enriched soils are the only physical legacy remaining of that society, barring a few pottery fragments. Albert Bates suggests ‘When European diseases swept across the new world, forests replaced the cities, villages, fields and roadways. Trees and vines grew impenetrably thick in the rich soils left by millennia of ancient carbon farmers. Forests emerged so rapidly they lowered global temperatures for hundreds of years.” Hence the famed mini ice age in medieval Europe.
The Biochar Solution is not so much a book about biochar per se; it is about soil and our own relationship with the biosphere. It is a comprehensive yet highly readable, optimistic yet challenging account of our potential to tackle the big challenges of our time, climate change and sustainable food production head on. Biochar solution suggests that we can rebalance the climate system by strategic use of this resource.
‘The Chinese symbol for crisis includes two concepts; danger and opportunity', which sums up our current situation succinctly; we face such huge challenges, yet that allows for the opportunity to apply a far greater understanding of ecology and of natural processes to bring about planetary healing.
Soil, it comes to pass is the key component of a healthy biosphere; it can easily store up to 5 times as much carbon as the plants and animals on top of it and it is home to a great many beneficial organisms which facilitate the nutrient cycle necessary for plant growth. A better understanding of soil is the key to a successful relationship with Gaia. Soil is not there just to feed plants, it helps regulate and moderate the atmosphere and climate, stores nutrients and water and more importantly houses the microbes and fungi essential for maintaining life. Soil is what connects it all together.
The dire warning contained within its pages is that ‘History is littered with the bones of civilizations that turned rich soils into deserts.' Yet when it comes to remediation of our compacted and eroded soils we are also reminded that ‘It is life that best creates the conditions that are conducive to life' (Janine Nenyus). So in restoring soils is rooted the need to re-energise the microbial populations, which is the key to success.
Carbon, in the form of Biochar when introduced into soils doesn't add fertility but it creates a ‘coral reef', an ideal matrix to home the very microbial communities that make available and cycle the nutrients essential for good plant growth. With Biochar we can both sequestrate atmospheric carbon and boost soil fertility. Biochar, when inoculated with compost teas very quickly begins to work it's magic, reenergising degraded soils.
Where will all this biochar come from? Well aside from all the agricultural residues like rice straw which are routinely burned off by farmers, there are all sorts of processes and even stoves that burn wood gas cleanly and efficiently and leave bio char as a residue. Biochar gives a source of clean renewable energy as well as being a soil enhancer and perhaps most importantly it gives us an effective way to safely and usefully lock away atmospheric carbon. I think that makes it a win, win, win situation.
A year ago, I traveled north into the Klamath Mountains on the border of California and Oregon to meet with Native American elder, Dennis Martinez. Born of O'odham and Chicano heritage, Dennis has spent their life educating both native and non-native people in the practices of indigenous reforestation and wild medicines.
I had reached out to Dennis some months before to ask if they would share some of their ancestral knowledge with the Sacred Science community, and after giving it quite a bit of thought, they said yes.
The weeks leading up to our meeting were tinged with both excitement and an all-too-familiar undercurrent of anxiety. I could psycho-analyze the heck out of this, but for now I'll just chalk it up to a deep respect for the original inhabitants of my homeland combined with a nagging sense of guilt at being associated with the colonialists who brought so much pain and destruction to these cultures over the past few centuries.
After shaking hands with Dennis outside of their mountain lodge, this tension dissipated almost immediately. There was a gentleness in their eyes and demeanor that dissolved any uneasiness I might have brought with me. We spent the entire day walking through the woods, discussing the medicinal plants of the Northern California highlands.
Today I am going to share a couple of the sacred trees that Dennis showed us and how they can be used for both food and good medicine. Various species of these trees grow across North and South America, Europe, and Asia, so this knowledge is relevant to many. These preparations are both safe to use and very effective for a variety of healing applications.
Let's start with “The Tree of Life”.
1.) Oak Medicine
The oak tree, specifically the red oak and white oak, were so important to the first people of California and Oregon that they called it “The Tree Of Life”. Those in the know still rely heavily on these majestic trees for their abundance of health benefits, and for food.
Walking up to a large oak, they turned to me and explained, “Each plant has its own pace, its own way of living from year to year and producing nuts, seeds, and fruit – many of which are good food and medicine.”
Acorns:
When we entered Dennis' house, one of the first things I noticed was a big basket of acorns by the door. They explained that all acorns are edible and delicious when prepared the right way. They were planning on grinding these up into a nutrient dense acorn flour and making bread from it. Growing up, we were told in school that this bountiful, everyday nut was inedible, even poisonous – yet another chapter that the modern world appears to have gotten wrong.
Oak bark:
The bark of the oak tree has been used for thousands of years for its medicinal qualities. For indigestion and bowel problems, the fresh bark is charred and made into a “charcoal soup” that alleviates the symptoms. A decoction of the bark is used to treat throat infections, kidney infections, and kidney stones.
Because of their styptic properties, the leaves and bark of the oak are made into infusions and used to treat burns and cuts.
2.) Pine Medicine
During our medicine walk, Dennis pointed out a few different pine trees and gave us the download on the myriad uses that this forest dweller has to offer.
The pitch:
Scraping off a bit of the sticky ooze from the bark, they explained that this delicious smelling pine pitch has powerful antibacterial and antimicrobial properties. Dennis often uses this as quick wilderness first aid for cuts, slivers, and burns.
The bark:
The inner bark can be eaten as a survival food in times of severe hardship or if you are lost in the woods for an extended period of time. It can also be used as an expectorant to lubricate the respiratory tract and ease a bad cough.
The needles:
But the most cherished part of the pine, at least by Dennis, is the needle. They explained that the young pine needles are a great source of vitamin C, A, E, and a host of B vitamins. They also have strong antimutagenic, antioxidant and antiproliferative properties, which help in preventing the growth of cancer cells.
Dennis told us a few stories of western explorers who were bedridden on ships, dying of scurvy, who were saved by indigenous healers with spruce needles. They also said that during the Spanish influenza the folks who ate pine needles didn't become ill, and the ones who didn't do.
Dennis shared a ton of forest medicine wisdom that day, but as we were investigating a wild tobacco plant they said something off-hand that reassured me that they aren't giving away too much of their sacred ancestral wisdom.
Staring up into the trees, Dennis said, “There are certain plants obviously that can't be shared with the masses, but these are not them. If they were, I wouldn't be talking about them. They may be exploited and they're that valuable. They're both culturally valuable and commercially valuable – a combination that can lead to bad things.”
They told us that for a westerner to ever gain access to those types of secrets, they need to spend a lifetime building trust with the tribes again. A trust that was violated too many times to be given back lightly.
The oak and the pine. Two trees that most of us think we know, but perhaps we've only scratched the surface.
Stay curious,
Nick Polizzi
Director, The Sacred Science
There's a constant conflict between social scientists and the reporters who cover them. It's derived from "a fundamental tension between the media's desire for novelty and the scientific method," as Sanjay Srivastava, who researches personality at the University of Oregon, tells me.
He's right. Journalists have a need for digestible headlines that convey simple, accessible, and preferably novel lessons. The scientific method stresses a slow accumulation of knowledge, nuance, and doubt. "By the time some piece of scientific knowledge is solid enough to be worth spending money and changing lives over, the idea should not be 'new' anymore," Srivastava says.
"It's extremely rare in the study of humans to find simple, single cause/single effect relationships."
As a result, journalists can often write eye-catching stories that appeal to a popular audience but miss the bigger picture. This tension may never disappear. But in an effort to bridge the gap, I recently asked a few dozen psychologists and social scientists a simple question: "What do journalists most often get wrong when writing about research?"
I received 20 responses, and here's a summary of what I learned:
(Read the complete responses here.)
1) Journalists often want clear answers to life and social problems. Individual studies rarely deliver that.
It's common in psychology journalism to read stories like:
Here's how science says we can be happier.
Here are science-based tips for working more effectively.
Here's how to increase civil discourse between political foes.
Here's how raise well-adjusted kids.
But it's unlikely that scientists will "solve" any of these problems with a single study or piece of research. These are the sorts of big questions that take decades of work to sort out.
"I want to know the answer too!" Jason Reifler, a political scientist at the University of Exeter, writes. "But, I don't have more than a tentative answer yet. And it will probably be something I continue to work on the rest of my career."
2) Journalists need to realize that most research is extremely narrow in focus
Simple cause-and-effect relationships are easy to convey to readers. Does more money increase happiness? Does sitting all day cause depression and weight gain?
Few studies are designed to answer such broad questions.
"It's extremely rare in the study of humans to find simple, single cause/single effect relationships," says Kevin Smith, who researchers political psychology at the University of Nebraska Lincoln.
And studies aren't usually designed to show simple relationships.
"Most scientists I know are focused instead on the conditions under which something happens (e.g. money does increase happiness if you're poor)," Jay Van Bavel, a social psychologist at New York University, writes. "Adding one or two simple qualifiers like this provides much more explanatory power and allows us to get beyond silly debates."
3) Journalists are obsessed with what's new. But it's better to focus on what's old.
If a study comes out that finds something surprising, journalists tend to flock to it. But scientists tend to be more skeptical — especially if it's only the first study to come to this conclusion. One study with a statistically significant conclusion could be a fluke. That doubt decreases every time it's replicated.
"The cumulative body of research on a phenomenon is what is needed more than publishing the most recent studies," writes Joe Magee, who researches organizational behavior at NYU.
That's why meta-analyses are extremely useful. These are papers that examine and synthesize an entire body of research conducted to date on a particular question. Yet they don't get as widely circulated in the media.
"A meta-analysis will get the same — or less — attention than a flashy new study," Katie Corker, a social psychologist at Kenyon College, writes.
And be wary of outliers. If one study finds a contrary conclusion to the established research, it doesn't debunk the established research.
"If one study out of 20 finds a different result, [journalists might consider the field] 'controversial,'" writes Jean Twenge, who studies generational differences at San Diego State University. "That's not controversial. It's just variations in science, and 95% of the evidence still points one way."
4) A lot of research is conducted on college students. College students are not normal.
There are a lot of weird things about college students. They're usually from wealthier families. They are largely unemployed. They don't stick to regular schedules.
Psychologists use them in studies because they're convenient. But while they might yield findings that are worthy of consideration (and replication in more diverse samples), they don't produce universally generalizable results.
(The same goes for studies on mice. Those are often a helpful starting point in understanding how biology is linked with behavior. "But you can't generalize an animal study to humans," Michael Grandner, who studies sleep at the University of Arizona, writes.)
5) Journalists should be more careful with percentages
Let's say a paper comes to this conclusion: Among people who watch more than seven hours of television a day, there's a 50 percent greater chance they'll develop diabetes.
That doesn't mean that anyone who watches seven-plus hours a day has a 50-50 chance of developing diabetes.
"If something is 50 percent more likely than an alternative, but that alternative only happens 1 percent of the time, you now have something that happens 1.5 percent of the time — it's still rare," Grandner notes.
This mistake comes up a lot in science reporting, so it's something to watch out for.
6) There's a difference between real-world significance and statistical significance
Another cautionary note: When a researcher says results are statistically significant, it means the results are not attributable to random chance. It doesn't mean the results are robust.
"A group of people with an average height of 70 inches and another that is 71 inches may be statistically significantly different, but the difference isn't really that meaningful," Grandner points out.
7) Scientists love using technical terms. Journalists are often too loose in translating them.
Psychologists can use highly specific terms in their research. As a service to their readers, reporters try to phrase the jargon in everyday terms. This is essential for easy reading, but a lot of important nuances can be lost that way.
Betsy Levy Paluck, a social psychologist at Princeton, writes that their research on "highly connected kids" in social networks is often described as work on "cool kids." But that's misleading. "Some of these highly-connected kids are really not cool," they write.
8) Journalists should also be skeptical of studies based on self-reporting
What people say and what they do are often two completely different things.
"Many journalists take for granted that self-reported behaviors are the same as actual behaviors," Levy Paluck writes. "The studies that capture actual behaviors (spending, test scores, observed interactions, and the like) are much rarer than those that simply ask people to report their behaviors."
9) Unpublished research can be useful. But it should be treated more skeptically.
Scientists will put working drafts of papers on personal websites. University press departments will promote academic conference presentations as they would a newly published paper.
If it "hasn't yet been peer-reviewed (or judged acceptable for publication by other academics working in the field) that means there may be additional problems with the work, or maybe it hasn't been replicated yet," Ingrid Haas, who researches political psych at the University of Nebraska Lincoln, writes. "In a nutshell, the work might be less reliable."
10) Always direct readers back to the original research
W. Keith Campbell, who researches narcissism at the University of Georgia, urges all reporters to link to the full text of research reports.
"I had a recent paper that was used as material for a clickbait story (something like people see Star Wars to meet their narcissistic needs)," Campbell writes. "Many readers were annoyed. ... And then people started reading the actual article. This [led] to what I thought was a very interesting online discussion."
11) And finally: Correlation is not causation
This came up time and time again. Write this one on your mirror and make it a daily affirmation.
"If people in group A are more likely to eat carrots, eating carrots may or may not cause you to become a member of group A," Grandner writes. "It just happens more often. It's the next study that will have to study cause and effect."
At 19, home from college and partying at a friend's house while the parental units were away, I deliriously watched Ken Russell's film Tommy (1975), based on The Who's rock opera from 1969. I was, and still am, a Who fan, and their 1971 Who's Next remains one of my desert island discs.
And I remember, somewhere in the mid- to late-1970s playing the Tommy pinball game, with an imposing image of the “Pinball Wizard” at the top. In Russell's film, Elton John played the Pinball Wizard, back when Elton was still cool and weird (and cool because they were weird), wearing huge eyeglasses and stilts.
I recall these images as some of my first revelries into the psychedelic and surreal; images that have become etched into my mind's eye for life.
Some restless years later I remember watching Russell's Whore (1991), toward the end of my college years, by myself. I knew enough at the time to know the film wasn't going to be terribly titillating, despite the title, but I also realized it might best be watched alone. (I was right on both accounts.) Sometime later the name Ken Russell stuck in my head and I tracked down their earlier films, Gothic (1986), of which the cover image alone was enough to creep me out for a while, and Altered States (1980), which today is not so alternative as simply part of the imposing future (see Robert Geraci's RD piece The Cult of Kurzweil: Will Robots Save Our Souls?).
My personal experiences connect with Russell in that I came of age in the 1970s-'80s, at a time when pop music and film were undergoing some critical and creative transformations. This is the time when Lucas, Spielberg, and Scorsese each made their names with provocative new film styles that have set the stage for everything in the following three decades. There would be no Matrix or Avatar without Star Wars; no Terminator or Tron without Close Encounters; no Fight Club without Mean Streets.
Though a generation older than that directorial triumvirate, Russell's first important, feature-length films (e.g., the 1969 Women in Love, and Tommy) began appearing contemporaneous with Mean Streets (Scorsese, 1973), THX 1138 (Lucas, 1971), and Jaws and Close Encounters (Spielberg, 1975, 1977). Russell never made it big like the others, by the end of the '80s they were making almost entirely “made-for-television” movies. Yet their style has endured.
Russell is continually, even post-mortem, called “provocative,” “controversial,” and “iconoclastic.” And at least a few of these obits have noted their conversion to Roman Catholicism all those years ago, though they were never quite settled in their faith. Certainly there was religious content in their films—the nuns and priests in a sexual standoff in The Devils (1971), Anthony Perkins' creepy street preacher in Crimes of Passion (1984)—but it was the human experience that Russell so strangely charted that leaves me thinking of their “religious” nature. They portrayed the depths of human depravity and desire, of lust and liking.
And maybe, ultimately, it was their connection to music, the “audio” of the audiovisual medium of film, that made them snatch some element of human experience that is sometimes inexpressible in words. Russell was clued in to a rock and roll generation—à la Tommy—but seems to link this audiophilia to a much longer tradition, and their string of films about individual composers (1974's Mahler, 1975's Lisztomania, 1983's The Planets, based on Gustav Holst's music) shows a deep interest in music.
Like the contemporary director Wim Wenders, but perhaps more like the 19th-century artist Richard Wagner, Russell saw and heard and felt and touched the experiences of art, and sought to make the aesthetic dimensions of life real to the rest of us.
The Aggression Scale
On DVD & Blu-Ray 03 Sep 2012
When filmmakers have a modest budget and an audience to strike fear into, they can safely reach for the tried and true Home Invasion plot. Cheap and low cost ingredients include:
A decently sized family home that provides enough space for aggressors and victims to scamper about doing horrible things to each other.
A nice, average family. OK, someone might hold a dark secret, but in general we need a nice unit who don't know what's about to hit them.
A group of wicked thugs who don't just want a place to hide out, to do a hit on someone or rob the place, but take a sadist delight in their work (for the ultimate, brain scrambling take on this… See the 70s Grindhouse atrocity Fight For Your Life).
A turning point where the invaded party can take no more. A moment of snapping. A sudden change of atmosphere where the audience suddenly realises that the tables are turning and the hunted are becoming the hunters.
A series of improvised traps and weapons that the harassed family can bring to bear upon the invaders. Anything where a spike goes through a dudes foot will do.
A coda where the violated family realize they to are now savages and life will never be the same again.
The Aggression Scale is this years most vicious entry in the home invasion genre.
Pulling no punches and taking no prisons, it violently riffs on vanilla family fare like Home Alone, imagining a scenario where genuine threat is present and the bad guys bleed and die when they get assaulted. Merciless criminals, two-faced debtors who keep secrets from their loved ones, pathetic victims, strong willed psycho kids with enough bloodlust vengeance pumping through them to kill an Ox. This is what the genre requires and The Aggression Scale delivers:
“The Aggression Scale is a superior home invasion thriller. It's a good popcorn flick. It kept me highly entertained the whole time. It's not groundbreaking, but it's a fun and enjoyable movie. It's well worth a rental.” – SHOCK TILL YOU DROP
“I expected very little. Even looking over the cover and synopsis, I assumed I was getting yet another in a long line of torture porn style home-invasion flicks, so, needless to say, it didn't exactly get my juices flowing. Once the flick started, though, I immediately got an entirely different vibe from it – one that reminded me of those great, uncompromising uber-violent 70s crime flicks, and, from then on, The Aggression Scale completely won me over.” HORROR VIEW
It has been two years since the final season of the Emmy winning TV series "Breaking Bad," yet entrepreneur Deniz Koşan, a Walter White fan, keeps it alive at their unique cafe "Walter's Coffee Roastery" in Istanbul's Caferağa neighborhood. In its fifth month, the cafe named after the series' protagonist, Walter White, a teacher-turned-king pin, has reached out to an international clientele.
Described as the "world's first coffee super lab" by Koşan, Walter's Coffee Roastery was established after a crowd funding campaign on Kickstarter. Customers see the cafe's staff in yellow jumpsuits looking like those used by White and deuterogamist Jesse Pinkman. And, of course their gasmasks are the next touch. Koşan told BuzzFeed News that they previously planned to open the shop in Brooklyn, but when their investor backed out so they decided to open the shop in Istanbul instead.
Upon entering the cafe, it brings to mind a meth lab because everything including roasting equipment, espresso cups, pancakes with Walter's face and Blue-sky decorated cupcakes promise an exciting experience. The staff brew coffee in their yellow jumpsuits in a scientific-looking machine and water is boiled with Bunsen burners.
GSY VIDEO | PC, Xbox One Wednesday, September 21, 2016 | 6:15 PM
Forza Horizon 3 with proper drivers
The promise of new drivers is always something to hold on to when a game does not perform as well as it should, and the release this afternoon of Nvidia's latest ones has proved us right. While we were experiencing quite severe stuttering issues this morning, even at 1080p, our time on the game with the new drivers has been 99% smooth with DSR 1440p. The (minor) drops are now really rare, and they have no negative impact on the experience. We can now say we are relieved for all those who are eargerly waiting for the PC version to unlock on Friday (Ultimate Edition only obviously). If you need proof, simply check out the video inside.
Note: Let us remind everyone that 60 fps racing games don't look very good in streamed videos, even when using our stream, which is way better than YouTube. That's why we advise you to take the time to download the file.
Greater Noida: The Shaheed Vijay Singh Parthik Sports Stadium in Greater Noida will host several women's cricket matches in March and April. In one of the matches, Railways will take on England's Durham County Railways in a 50-over format on March 29."The under-22 women's teams will play 50-over matches based on ICC rules," said Rajeev Tyagi, general manager (projects), Greater Noida Industrial Development Authority (GNIDA).Tyagi also said the Greater Noida stadium will host two T20 matches on March 24, between Rajasthan Kings, UP Crystals, M P Warriors and Haryana Royals. In April, two practice matches will be played between Uttar Pradesh and Afghanistan.The stadium - which is home ground to Afghanistan cricketers according to an MoU signed between GNIDA, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (Band the Afghanistan Cricket Board (ACB) December, 2015 - will also see a series played between Afghanistan and Namibia from April 10 to 13. Also, Namibia will take on Nepal in two 50-over matches on April 16 and 18, if the matches get clearance. Officials said that they were in the process of finalising the two matches. "The matches have already been approved by the International Cricket Council (ICC). We are just awaiting final clearances," said Tyagi.The Greater Noida stadium currently has seating capacity of 8,000 people, and is in the process of being enhanced to 14,000. Constructed and developed by GNIDA, it has been built according to ICC specifications. "There is also available a VVIP enclosure and corporate box. Additional 400 chairs can be provided in case the stadium seats fall short," said Tyagi.
The Young Turks are morons of the highest calibre who believe it would be a crime not to publish every thought that tumbles through their head. I have never made my views on them public before, but what they have published recently online pushed me over the edge. They posted a video titled ‘Monsanto Giving People Cancer?' (because protecting yourself from a lawsuit with that question mark, despite in the video saying their products are giving people cancer, shows how much of a backbone you have) where the Turks stumbled their way through a CNN blog post by vomiting out the text practically verbatim the whole time with an undeserved grin of unwarranted self-satisfaction as they say that people like me who see the potential of GMOs are either paid trolls by Monsanto or gullible fools who have been taken in by the evil corporation.
The video begins with the Turks talking about a class action lawsuit filed against Monsanto by people claiming the company failed to warn consumers about the risk of cancer associated with their herbicide, Roundup. The man representing these people is Timothy Litzenburg, who is an attorney at the Miller Firm and has spent most of their career representing people who have been injured by dangerous chemicals. Whilst attending the Tribunal for Monsanto, a fake trial that was clearly designed to mislead the public, Timothy stated with some confidence that Roundup and other products containing glyphosate (the active ingredient) cause non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma and specifically mentions Christian Sheppard, who is the sole focus of the CNN story the Young Turks practically plagiarize.
As you can imagine, covering an emotional story like this that involves so many people who are suffering from cancer, as well as a technology that is so misunderstood and opposed, and a company as hated as Monsanto, will take effort to make sure that the facts are verified and reported correctly and to make sure that the person reporting the story isn't letting their own bias creep in. However, right off the bat, you get a feel for the calibre of people the Young Turks are and the lack of research or critical thought that went into their video when one of the Turks, Ana Kasparian, talks about why they are super suspicious of Roundup.
“Monsanto genetically modified crops in order to withstand Roundup and that was always super suspicious to me because – It's not about genetically modifying plants or crops, it's about why you would want to do so? Why would you want to use a product that's so freaking toxic that you would have to go out of your way to genetically modify it”
Do I really need to say anything?!?! Do you even think they stopped to think about what they were going to say before they sat down to record this video? Because I don't, and I am stunned by the arrogance of this woman who believes they are more than qualified to cover a story like this when they can't even wrap their head around the basics like why people would want to engineer a plant to be resistant to a specific herbicide. They also seem to be blissfully unaware that just because something is toxic to a specific organism doesn't mean that that toxicity is universal across all living things. Have they ever taken an antibiotic? How do they think that works? Have they heard that you should not feed chocolate or ibuprofen to dogs?
When it comes to evidence of Roundup and other glyphosate-containing products' carcinogenic potential, the Turks quote the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC) 2015 report that claimed that glyphosate is “probably carcinogenic to Humans”. To be blunt, the IARC's report misrepresented the science in the papers they were referencing. For those who are interested, myself and fellow co-host of The League of Nerds, James, made a video where we discuss the IARC report and show how embarrassingly void it is and talk about how it was tarnishing the reputation of the WHO.
We also had a League of Nerds episode where we talked about conflicts of interest that could explain the working groups' choice to class Glyphosate as a possible carcinogen.
This report is also where I believe Timothy is getting their evidence linking Monsanto herbicide to non-Hodgkin's Lymphoma as it states…
To quote fellow nerd James, “To say this evidence is limited is to do it a great service, it is as barren as a garden managed by Vandana Shiva.” James goes into detail on TLoNs blog about the research quoted in this IARC report and how it is not badly done or inadequate, but instead, it has been forced to do a job it was never designed to do. They later quotes a much larger study by The Agricultural Health Study (AHS) investigating glyphosate exposure on over 15000 people compared to the 36 people over 3 papers quoted by the IARC report and states that they were unable to find any significant increases in risk of non-Hodgkin lymphoma from exposure to glyphosate.
However, when confronted with a report by the Environment Protection Agency's Cancer Assessment Review Committee that shows that there is no proof that glyphosate is carcinogenic, the Turks go down the conspiracy path and say something that would not be out of place coming from the mouth of Alex Jones.
“Keep in mind that someone who was working within the EPA at the time that that statement was released had very cosy ties to Monsanto”
Cenk Uygur (the other Turk) later goes on to say…
“Look if you are a rational human being and a giant multi-billion dollar corporation says ‘don't worry I have a bunch of scientists and they agree with me', You know to discount that, right? Please tell me you know to discount that.”
No! Just because research comes from a large multi-billion dollar corporation does not mean that you should automatically discount it. Yes, you should be skeptical of research coming from a company that is set to benefit from said research, but to promote the blanket boycott of a specific source of research shows a deep lack of understanding of how scientific progress is made. Should we discount all research looking into vaccine safety from large pharmaceutical companies? What about research looking into climate change from environment agencies? According to Cenk only neutral scientists should be trusted and their findings should be debated in court.
“If they have neutral scientists that have reports saying it's not carcinogenic well that's interesting, and that's why we go to court and figure it out”
Once again, NO! Science Is not debated in the courtroom, it is debated in the literature where the consensus is that glyphosate is not carcinogenic. However, let's not forget that seconds early Cenk was confronted with an independent agency whose purpose is to protect human health and the environment, the EPA, who said there was no proof of carcinogenic potential and they dismissed it with some Alex Jones-esque logic.
“Do think there is any chance that the scientists that Monsanto hired were going to come out and go, ‘Oh my god, it's really carcinogenic, you guys have got to stop this', you would stop making all those hundreds of millions of dollars off this product.”
YES!!!! Do you really think so little of scientists that you believe we can all be bought? As if we are not human and we don't care about our fellow man or the environment. Do you really believe that the kind of people who work for Monsanto would not be out of place at SPECTRE, Umbrella, Soylent or Weyland-Yutani? I know I have said it multiple times so far, but this video is incredibly similar to those that Alex Jones produces – it's undeniable and it gets much worse.
Towards the end of the video, the Turks turn the conspiracy dial up to 11, as they say that the reason why they get negative backlash whenever mentioning Monsanto and GMOs is because Monsanto hires professional trolls and bots who “attack people who have the audacity to criticise them [Monsanto] and the behaviour we have just played out”. They later go on to say that they are surprised that people feel so passionate about the subject and the only reason can be because of these paid shills, or that you are so weak-minded that you have been persuaded by the propaganda. The thought that people and real scientists like myself, who have actually read the research they are quoting and disagree with them, never crossed their mind.
Although fascinating to watch these two idiots embarrass themselves online, nothing they said so far boiled my blood until at the end Cenk tells their audience to beware of people who say that the true scientific position is to be pro-GMOs, pro-Monsanto, and pro-these chemical that causes cancer. They then later goes on to say that anyone who disagrees will be harassed by paid Monsanto trolls.
I am one of these people who Cenk warns you about, who are pro-GMO, but I am pro-GMO much in the same way I am pro-electricity or pro-welding. I know I sound like a broken record here, but the ability to genetically modify something is a tool and not the final product. By not only lumping all GMOs in one group but also conflating Monsanto with GMOs Cenk shows us how little research they have done on the topic they are covering.
Unlike The Young Turks' deranged paranoia suggests, I have never been paid by Monsanto, nor will I harass people who believe this herbicide or GMOs, in general, are dangerous. Instead, I have produced blog posts, videos, and podcasts going after the scientific cornerstones of the anti-GMO movement and have almost 6 years of content showing that those who spout this kind of lazy ill-informed bullshit have no leg to stand on.
But hey, what would I know? After all, I am just some troll who is paid by Monsanto.
Coming into the offseason, Wenyen Gabriel and Shai Alexander were afterthoughts for what's shaping up to be another special UK team next season.
Guys like Kevin Knox, Hamidou Diallo, Jarred Vanderbilt and Quade Green have gotten most of the attention. However, it's been Gabriel and Alexander who've impressed the most in summer workouts, according to CBS Sports' Jon Rothstein.
Hearing while Wenyen Gabriel has been Kentucky's best player this summer, program's biggest surprise has been Shai Gilgeous-Alexander. #BBN — Jon Rothstein (@JonRothstein) August 4, 2017
Rothstein has previously reported that Gabriel has been Kentucky's best player this summer. This is the first real mention of Alexander outside of Lexington, though he's drawn some nice praise from current and former Cats.
After returning to Lexington for John Calipari's Pro Camp, Malik Monk singled out Alexander as someone who surprised the former Cat.
“I've worked out with most of them, but what's their name? Shai? They surprised me, because I'd never seen them before,” said Monk.
Back in June, Alexander was drawing praise from their fellow freshmen.
“He's not one of the top-ranked players, but I think he's really good,” Knox told SEC Country. “He's really good in pick-and-roll situations, he's really good at changing speeds. I think he's one of the sleepers on our team.”
Going into next season, most experts would have pegged Gabriel and Alexander around the 7th/8th/9th men off the bench, but it's clear they aren't letting that happen without a fight.
Gabriel showed enough potential last season to think they could end up being a solid starter next season. Alexander was a late-riser on the recruiting circuit, though they were ranked 19th overall in the final 247 Class of 2017 rankings.
Another good thing about Gabriel and Alexander is they're both versatile enough to play multiple spot. Alexander can probably play the point, the 2 or even the 3. I also don't think it's a done deal that Green is the lead point guard, as Alexander has enough talent to take that spot if Green isn't playing at the level John Calipari had hoped.
Perhaps neither player having great summers should be a surprise. Frankly, with so much untapped potential on this roster, there's really no telling who UK's top players will be next season outside of Knox and Diallo, and even they aren't locks for stardom.
Be sure to go 'like' our Facebook page to get the latest UK news and views.
X Steve B. recently purchased ComposerCloud X play play stop mute max volume repeat full screen Update Required To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your To play the media you will need to either update your browser to a recent version or update your Flash plugin PRODRUMMER BUY NOW 104 drum kits in both volumes
Over 100GBs of perfectly tuned drums performed by Steven Sidelnyk (Madonna, Seal, Massive Attack), and Matt Chamberlain (Peter Gabriel, Bruce Springsteen, Pear Jam).
Recorded by the #1 mixer in the music business, Mark ‘Spike' Stent, 10-time Grammy winning producer Joe Chiccarelli, and co-produced by EastWest's multiple-award winning producer Doug Rogers.
Includes Pre-mixed user adjustable Drum Kits from the producers so the drums are ready to be mixed into your track.
Includes over 14,000 MIDI grooves categorized by style, length, and tempo.
16 channel mixers enables complete control of each drum kit, bleed and room mics
Recorded in 5 studios from dry to very wet.
The ONLY drum collection to include authentic SSL EQ, Compression, Transient Designer, and Stereo Bus compressor.
Includes Ohmicide to create EDM or synthesize the drum sounds.
Includes an Amp Simulator for further drum processing.
Includes a State of the Art Reverb and 726 presets.
Includes a Songbuilder sequencer to arrange complete drum tracks inside of the ProDrummer software.
Includes Sync to DAW to match the groove tempo in your track.
Includes Drag and Drop to copy drums tracks to your DAW.
Includes a Drum Velocity Processor and velocity graph to add punch.
Includes the ability to swap individual drums within a kit, tune them and stack them (2 snares stacked for example).
Sold separately or in a bundle at an unbeatable price!! EastWest's ProDrummer™ not only includes professional drum sounds; the producers, who record and mix the biggest artists in the music business, have included pre-mixed drum kits for use in your compositions using the 'state of the art' tools included in the ProDrummer software. "At EastWest, we're all about the 'sound'; that's the only part that ends up in your track, so, in addition to the producer pre-mixed drum kits, we have included our favorite effects processors including Solid State Logic EQ and Dynamics, Transient Shaper, and the legendary SSL Stereo Bus Compressor; Ohmicide multiband distortion, compression, EQ and filter, which pretty much lets you create 'anything', and is perfect for EDM or media composers; plus EastWest's new Amp Simulator with 80 Amp Presets, and Expanded Convolution Reverb with 726 Additional Reverb Presets. Together these powerful tools enable user customization of the core sounds limited only by your imagination!" Also included in each volume are over 14,000 MIDI drum grooves in different styles. Search for the right grooves for your song with our groove 'search engine' and assemble your song right inside ProDrummer with the built-in sequencer (or drag to your DAW). Use our built-in Velocity Processor to control the dynamic power of the drums. Export the song to your favorite DAW to build the rest of your track, it couldn't be easier!
Listen to Demos
Read the Manual PRODRUMMER VOLUME 1 ProDrummer Volume 1 includes approx. 60 Gigabytes of Drum Kits and MIDI drum grooves produced by Mark "Spike" Stent and multi-award winning EastWest producer Doug Rogers, with drums played by Steven Sidelnyk (Madonna, Seal, Massive Attack). ProDrummer Volume 1 includes Drum Workshop, Slingerland, Gretsch, Ludwig, Yamaha, Orange County, Zildjian drums, hi-hats and cymbals recorded in 5 different rooms. The sound shaping options in the ProDrummer Mixer are unparalleled with the usual high quality you expect from EASTWEST. All drums have their own channels with individual processing and routing. PRODRUMMER VOLUME 2 ProDrummer Volume 2 includes approx. 40 Gigabytes of Drum Kits and MIDI drum grooves produced by Joe Chiccarelli and multi-award winning EastWest producer Doug Rogers, with drums played by Matt Chamberlain (Pearl Jam, Bruce Springsteen, Peter Gabriel, etc.). ProDrummer Volume 2 includes Craviotto, Ludwig, Tama, Slingerland, Gretsch, Istanbul and Zildjian, drums, hi-hats and cymbals recorded in 3 different rooms. The sound shaping options in the ProDrummer Mixer are unparalleled with the usual high quality you expect from EASTWEST. All drums have their own channels with individual processing and routing. Makes it almost ridiculously easy to create a highly produced acoustic drum track. • Both volumes stand up well on their own and contain plenty of variety. • Room-specific mic channels and effects options make the sounds highly customizable. • MIDI groove library is substantial. • ComposerCloud subscription would be great for working professional composers. — SOUND ON SOUND BUY NOW PRODUCER MARK "SPIKE" STENT Mark "Spike" Stent is an English producer/mixing engineer who has worked with many international artists including: Coldplay, Lady Gaga, Beyoncé, Muse, Usher, U2, Madonna, Linkin Park, Björk, Depeche Mode, Maroon 5, Gwen Stefani, Moby, No Doubt, Oasis, Keane, Massive Attack, and Bastille to name a few. Stent mixed 2 international #1 albums in 2014 (Coldplay and Ed Sheeran), and has won three Grammys, including: Best Rock Album in 2010 for Muse 'The Resistance', Best Contemporary R&B Album in 2009 for Beyoncé 'I Am... Sasha Fierce', and Best Dance Electronica Album in 2006 with Madonna 'Confessions on a Dance Floor'. At the 53rd Annual Grammy Awards Stent was nominated across four different genres: 'Album of the Year' with Lady Gaga for Fame Monster, 'Best Rock Album' with Muse for 'The Resistance' (Winner), 'Best Dance Electronica Album' with Goldfrapp for 'Head First', and 'Best Contemporary R&B Album' with Usher 'Raymond V Raymond'. PRODUCER JOE CHICCARELLI is a producer, mixer and engineer who has worked with U2, Beck, The Killers, The Raconteurs, The White Stripes, The Strokes, Morrissey, Jason Mraz, Elton John, My Morning Jacket, Rufus Wainwright, Cafe Tacuba etc. Chiccarelli was a Grammy Award Winner for Best Alternative Album The White Stripes "Icky Thump", and Best Engineered Album The Raconteurs "Consolers of The Lonely". Chiccarelli has won a total of Ten “Grammy Awards” and received a Nomination for Producer of the Year in 2007 for The Shins “Wincing The Night Away". PRODUCER DOUG ROGERS Producer Doug Rogers most recent virtual instruments productions include ProDrummer 1 with Joe Chiccarelli and ProDrummer 2 with Mark “Spike” Stent. Previously they produced Steven Wilson's Ghostwriter with Steven Wilson; Hollywood Strings, Hollywood Brass, Hollywood Orchestral Woodwinds, and Hollywood Orchestral Percussion with Nick Phoenix and Thomas Bergersen; The Dark Side with David Fridmann; and Fab Four with Ken Scott. Fab Four and The Dark Side both won M.I.P.A Awards, judged by over 100 international music magazines. Rogers and EASTWEST are the recipients of over 70 international awards. Facebook Twitter Audio Demos play
pause Videos
Manual ProDrummer Manual
PLAY 5 Manual Reviews Makes it almost ridiculously easy to create a highly produced acoustic drum track. • Both volumes stand up well on their own and contain plenty of variety. • Room-specific mic channels and effects options make the sounds highly customizable. • MIDI groove library is substantial. • Composer Cloud subscription would be great for working professional composers. — Sound on Sound Full article System Requirements Vol. 1 60GB free hard disc space; Vol. 2 40GB free hard disc space. MAC MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Intel Dual-Core i5 2.7 Ghz or above
8GB RAM or more
Mac OSX 10.7 or later
7200 RPM or faster (non energy saving) hard drive for sample streaming PC MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS Intel Dual-Core i5 2.7 Ghz or above
8GB RAM or more
Windows 7 or later
Sound card with ASIO drivers
7200 RPM or faster (non energy saving) hard drive for sample streaming MAC RECOMMENDED SYSTEM Mac Pro Late 2013 edition (current model with round enclosure) or above
16GB RAM or more
Mac OSX 10.7 or later
SSD (Solid State Drive) for sample streaming PC RECOMMENDED SYSTEM Intel Core 2 Quad, or AMD Quad Core 2.66 GHz or above
16GB RAM or more
Windows 7 or later (64-bit Windows/Host Sequencer)
Sound card with ASIO drivers
SSD (Solid State Drive) for sample streaming PLEASE NOTE: We strongly recommend the use of a Solid State Drives (SSD) or PCIe-based flash storage for sample streaming in general to obtain the best performance and fastest load times; and in particular with the “Powerful System” folders in ProDrummer where we are providing you with a 16 channel mixer, each with a rack of effects, for total control. The additional features of the Powerful System instruments can put a strain on less capable computers. If you try running an instrument from the Powerful Systems folder and you encounter problems with playback in real time, or the instruments take longer to load than you want to wait, then consider using the Normal or Lite versions. EASTWEST PLAY Host/Sequencer Compatibility Matrix Tested DAW Mac OS 10.9 - 10.12.3 WIN XP
(32-bit) WIN XP
(64-bit) WIN 10, 8, 7,
Vista (32-bit) WIN 10, 8, 7,
Vista (64-bit) Required Version Standalone YES YES YES Ableton Live YES YES 1 6.07 or higher Cubase/Nuendo YES 2 YES YES 3 YES YES 3 6 or higher FL Studio YES YES 7 or higher GarageBand YES 3 or higher Logic YES 4 7.2 or higher Digital Performer YES 4 YES YES 6.02 or higher Pro Tools 5 YES YES YES 7.4 to 10 Pro Tools 11 or higher 5 YES YES YES 6 11 or higher Sibelius YES 7 YES YES 6 or higher 8 Sonar YES YES 6.2 or higher VE Pro YES YES YES 4.0.54 or higher Studio One YES YES YES 2 or higher Reaper YES YES YES 3 or higher 1: Play 5 (and above) is compatible with all 64-bit hosts that use VST, AU, or AAX plugins. Use Play 4 for 32-bit hosts. 2: Mac OS 10.7 or newer is required. 3: Cubase/Nuendo 4.1 or later are required as 64-bit hosts. 4: WordBuilder is not supported in Logic 7 or lower, and DAE (RTAS in Digital Performer and Logic) is not supported at this time. 5: Ethernet control surfaces are not officially supported (ex: C24). 6: Windows 7 or 8 Home Premium Supported. Pro Tools HD 11 does not support Windows 8. 7: Sibelius 6.0.3 or higher is required to run in Mac OS 7. 8: Sibelius 6.2 is required to run in Mac OS 10.9 (Mavericks). November Super Sale - Save 60% Get a FREE PLAY 6 License with any Purchase $330 $249 ProDrummer Volume 1 & 2 ProDrummer Volume 1 & 2
ProDrummer Volume 1
ProDrummer Volume 2 Full Version
Additional License Download (40 GB) Download (40 GB)
License Only
MAC HD
WIN HD ADD TO CART OR Subscribe and get these instruments and over 40,000
more for a low monthly price with COMPOSERCLOUD starting at $ 24.99/ mo JOIN NOW AND SAVE Watch the Trailer
Listen to Demos
Watch the Tutorial
Read the Manual Features: 104 drum kits in both volumes
Over 100GBs of perfectly tuned drums performed by Steven Sidelnyk (Madonna, Seal, Massive Attack), and Matt Chamberlain (Peter Gabriel, Bruce Springsteen, Pear Jam).
Recorded by the #1 mixer in the music business, Mark ‘Spike' Stent, 10-time Grammy winning producer Joe Chiccarelli, and co-produced by EastWest's multiple-award winning producer Doug Rogers.
Includes Pre-mixed user adjustable Drum Kits from the producers so the drums are ready to be mixed into your track.
Includes over 14,000 MIDI grooves categorized by style, length, and tempo.
16 channel mixers enables complete control of each drum kit, bleed and room mics
Recorded in 5 studios from dry to very wet.
The ONLY drum collection to include authentic SSL EQ, Compression, Transient Designer, and Stereo Bus compressor.
Includes Ohmicide to create EDM or synthesize the drum sounds.
Includes an Amp Simulator for further drum processing.
Includes a State of the Art Reverb and 726 presets.
Includes a Songbuilder sequencer to arrange complete drum tracks inside of the ProDrummer software.
Includes Sync to DAW to match the groove tempo in your track.
Includes Drag and Drop to copy drums tracks to your DAW.
Includes a Drum Velocity Processor and velocity graph to add punch.
Includes the ability to swap individual drums within a kit, tune them and stack them (2 snares stacked for example).
Sold separately or in a bundle at an unbeatable price!!
Local health and education commissioners should determine what services – including diagnostic support - to commission in the best interests of their local populations. Any developmental issue relating to a child's health can be referred for specialist assessment. Where dyspraxia is suspected, for example, a referral could be made to a community paediatrician or occupational therapist. Referrals for dyslexia and dyscalculia are more commonly made via schools.
Parents should not have to pay for a dyslexia test for their child. Schools are required under the Children and Families Act 2014 to identify and address the special educational needs of the pupils they support. Special Educational Needs Co-ordinators (SENCOs) in schools should have expertise in identifying a range of special educational needs, and, where they require further specialist advice and information, they are able to draw on local authority professionals, such as specialist teachers and educational psychologists.
Schools can arrange for appropriate tests from other professionals where their assessments indicate that this is necessary, and can use resources in the school's budget for this purpose. Maintained schools are given notional SEN budgets by their local authority and could pay for tests such as an assessment for dyslexia from this allocation.
The Children and Families Act introduced a new framework for commissioners of education, health, public health and social care to work together in the assessment of the needs of children and young people with special educational needs. The Care Quality Commission and Ofsted are inspecting the arrangements in each local area over five years, for how education services, social care and health work together to identify, assess and meet the needs of children and young people with special educational needs and or a disability.
Department of Health
First adaptation of PG Wodehouse's comedy double act as a play is based largely on 1938 book The Code of the Woosters
There are the books of course, TV series in the sixties and nineties, radio adaptations and a musical take from Andrew Lloyd Webber but, dash it, never a stage play featuring one of the greatest comedy double acts ever conceived.
On Monday a corrective to that will be announced. PG Wodehouse's Jeeves and Wooster are finally coming to the West End in a new play starring Stephen Mangan as the endearingly idiotic Bertie and Matthew Macfadyen as their brilliant, unflappable butler.
Mangan, recently seen in the BBC2 sitcom Episodes, said they were "ridiculously excited" at the prospect, although they admitted they had not read any of the Wodehouse books before being offered the role.
"I always meant to," they told the Guardian. "Everyone tells you how funny they are, but for some reason I never got round to him. They gave me the script, I started reading some books and I've been ploughing through them since then. It's like crack cocaine.
"I'm quite pleased with myself for holding out for so long because it means I've got them all in my head. I don't think anyone else can quite coin a sentence with such invention and wit. Wit almost doesn't seem a big enough word for it. The sheer brilliance of the writing almost takes your breath away."
The play, called Perfect Nonsense, by the brothers Robert and David Goodale, is largely based on Wodehouse's 1938 book The Code of the Woosters, described by some critics as their best work.
Robert Goodale, an actor, said they became a fan of Wodehouse when they shared a house with their late twin brother when they were in their early twenties. "He used to go round the house constantly quoting Wodehouse to me and I thought 'God, this man is brilliant'."
The most well-known Jeeves and Wooster adaptions – and probably the best – are the four series made by ITV in the early 1990s starring Stephen Fry and Hugh Laurie, now endlessly seen on ITV3. But did they get the best out of Wodehouse?
"I loved Fry and Laurie. I thought they were absolutely phenomenal, but I was disappointed with the adaptation because I just thought there was far more comic potential to be mined out of these books," Goodale said.
It is the first time the Wodehouse estate has given permission for a stage play, and only did so after Goodale and another actor performed a reading. "We managed to win them round and now they're completely on our side. They feel we are doing the work justice."
Mangan conceded there was pressure to get it right. "It is always daunting when you take on these cherished, iconic characters and there'll be swaths of people for whom Jeeves and Wooster are their favourite books. But you know, bring it on."
Goodale argues Jeeves and Wooster are perfect for the stage. "The way the dialogue is written is almost as if it is to be spoken on stage. People have messed around with Wodehouse, but they've never really got to the crux of what it is about it that really makes it work."
The play will be directed by Sean Foley, once part of a double act themselves in the shape of The Right Size with Hamish McColl, who together created shows including the Olivier-winning Morecambe and Wise show, The Play What I Wrote. Last year Foley was nominated for an Olivier for The Ladykillers.
Foley said they wanted to do the play as soon as they read the script. "I think anyone who is interested in or loves comedy would be a fan. It is such hilarious and brilliantly written comedy. Just in terms of being a comic stylist, writing wise, I don't think there's really anyone better than Wodehouse. The rhythm of their sentences, the way they line up a joke you don't see coming, the way they put words together is funny in itself. It is wonderful material to be dealing with."
The play will open at the Duke of York's Theatre on 30 October after short runs at Richmond Theatre and the Brighton Theatre Royal.
Economist explains why whites earn more
Johannesburg - White people earning six times more than blacks, screamed the headlines after the release of the 2011 census.
I do not doubt that whites earn more than blacks - although in a way it is too simplistic to state it as such.
The 2011 census provides several reasons why white households earn six times more than black households.
One can explore the reason in two parts. Firstly on an individual basis, where whites earn on average about four times more than their fellow black South Africans. The second part has to do with household dynamics and why it is that white households – again on average – earn six times more than black households do.
On the individual factors, the following points make a big difference:
Firstly, the median age of whites in the latest census is 38 years compared with 33 years in 1996. Black people's median age is still 21 years. All population groups grew older, except black people.
This fact makes a big difference. Everywhere in the world, unemployment among young people has increased. Add to this that the longer you work, the more you earn.
Even the civil service gives ample examples of people who had been working for 15 or 17 years who earn up to three or four times more than beginners. Typically, you would at least have received a promotion or two if you're 38 years old - something you're probably not entitled to at age 21.
Based on the age difference, one would expect the typical 38-year-old to earn about 50% to 100% more than the typical 21-year-old.
Taking into account the young median age for blacks, they have thus in the past decade made considerable progress in catching up on salaries. However, there are many other reasons that can explain the income differences at the individual level.One is the education dividend white people receive. More than 77% of whites have matric or a higher qualification, compared to just 35% of blacks, according to the 2011 census.Education and skills besides age have probably the biggest role to play here. If one population group has more skills than another, there will be a significant income difference. Years ago, the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD) stated it very simply in a report: "Learn more, earn more."Based on training alone, one would expect a typical white person to earn about twice as much as a typical black person.According to the OECD report, people in developing countries with a tertiary education earn 62% more than people who have just finished school.In South Africa the difference between a grade 11 and a grade 12 salary is about 100%, regardless of race. People with master's degrees and higher earn 6.5 more than someone with only a matric, and about 13 times more than someone with grade 11.This remains the largest and longest lasting impact of apartheid. In addition, the current school system is possibly even more devastating.Thirdly, white people prefer very different degrees and skills to blacks. For example, more Indians and whites choose to qualify as chartered accountants, and many more of them study engineering as a percentage of their population group than others.Fourthly, compared with fewer than 54% of black people, more than 73% of white people are part of the labour force. These figures include unemployed people and represent everyone who works or wants to work. It stands to reason that a person must first work or at least want to work before they can earn.Fifthly, 9% of whites in work have their own business, compared with just 3% of blacks. The median employer earns about 2.5 times more than the typical employee. About 60% of all employers with more than 20 workers in South Africa are white people who have built their own private sector company.This also plays a role in the average earnings, because the typical white employer employs more people to help them make more money.A sixth factor is that typical white people stay about 71 months with the same employer, compared with 51 months for blacks. Experience can therefore also play a role in the earnings of racial groups.Then there are also differences at household level, which influence the averages that groups earn.About 24% of white households have a woman as head which typically represents a single parent, while 43% of black households live in such a setting. More white households thus stay together and thus have a greater likelihood of two incomes.Although not specifically asked like that in the latest census, it may also be that some households have a member working outside the country's borders and these households would more likely be white.The UK reports that 115 000 South African-born people work there, and there have been reports of over 100 000 South African working in sub-Saharan Africa as expats - often alone, and more often than not part of the minority groups in South Africa.This also makes the "single parent factor” look a little different for minorities in general, and probably whites in particular.About 12% of South African households have at least one parent, and that's probably a bigger factor among black households than white households.Furthermore, more black households live in rural areas, which also make a very big difference in the earnings of a household.Like most other countries in the world, rural households earn less and in South Africa most unemployment is in rural areas. This can certainly be partially blamed on apartheid, but maybe not wholly because people and households can now move freely.It is thus not mostly discrimination which determines that black households earn only a sixth of white ones. There are logical factors such as age, education, entrepreneurship and households' relationships and values that play a crucial role.Perhaps people should stop looking simplistically at figures.I have also discussed this with the head of Statistics South Africa, and they mostly agreed.Thus, the press release of the latest census was misleading in that headlines created an impression that race is the determining factor when there are clearly other factors which play a bigger role.- Fin24*Mike Schüssler is an economist at economists.co.za and has won Sake24's Economist of the Year competition twice.
Update: Indeed, a UCLA scientist tells us the stretchable LEDs will one day be used for clothing, and -- exceeding our most rave-tastic expectations -- be able to "display videos." Details after the jump.
Originally posted at 12:35 p.m.
Continue Reading
When UCLA scientists unveiled a fine new discovery in the field of "stretchable electronics" last week, they likely pitched it harder to medical circles than L.A.'s expanding plurr community.
But we think this stuff is poised to be the next spirit hood or shaggy leg warmer at megaraves across SoCal. At least we hope so; the costumes at Hard Summer on Saturday night were the most unimaginative batch of Electric Daisy Carnival leftovers we never could have hoped for...
... Though that could have had something to do with the sweeping ban on anything shiny or indicative of rave culture. (That way, officials could pretend no one was on E. Ha!) But once the newest "wearable electronics" out of UCLA hit the mainstream market, the hasty dress-code regulators at the entrance gates will have no choice but to usher intrinsically lit-up ravers right on through.
All thanks to science! The UCLA press office explains:
Today's conventional inorganic electronic devices are brittle, and while they have a certain flexibility achieved using ultrathin layers of inorganic materials, these devices are either flexible, meaning they can be bent, or they are stretchable, containing a discrete LED chip interconnected with stretchable electrodes. But they lack "intrinsic stretchabilty," in which every part of the device is stretchable. Now, researchers at the UCLA Henry Samueli School of Engineering and Applied Science have demonstrated for the first time an intrinsically stretchable polymer light-emitting device.
It's a big step up from the makeshift glowstick bodysuits and stiff LED T-shirts we're used to (read: super sick of) seeing at raves.
We're no scientists, but UCLA's new "metal-free devices," which can be stretched to about 50 percent of their resting size, sound like the perfect building blocks of a glowing full-body catsuit:
Because the devices are fabricated by roll lamination of two composite electrodes that sandwich an emissive polymer layer, they uniquely combine mechanical robustness and the ability for large-strain deformation, due to the shape-memory property of the composite electrodes. This development will provide a new direction for the field of stretchable electronics.
We've contacted the study's authors for more insight into what this could become, on the costuming front. But here's a riveting three-second video to hold you over until the dreamwear becomes a reality and Hard glows good again:
Update: UCLA professor Qibing Pei, who invented the flexible light-up plastics with a team of post-doc students, tells us that glowing clothes were definitely a motivating factor behind the research. (Guess we were wrong to assume serious medical breakthroughs are the only thing on a UCLA nerd's brain.)
Pei says that because the entire synthetic system is stretchable, including the LEDs, this exciting new technology will one day allow ravers (or whoever) to "display videos" on their clothing. And that -- no matter your position on Ecstasy-fueled LED culture -- is the raddest thing ever.
The main obstacle left to conquer, Pei says, is "packaging."
In tests, the material they and their team used to sandwich the LED chip was "quite air-sensitive. It will not last long. We tested it in controlled environment."
In the future, in order for it to be used in clothing, Pei says the light "will have to be sealed with other materials that provide a better barrier to oxygen... and moisture."
Because any good researcher knows that any good rave is, in a word, moist.
[@simone_electra/swilson@laweekly.com]
Fun Facts About America's Top 10 Hispanic Last Names!
Our Hispanic Heritage
Understanding our history and ancestry can provide insightful information about our lives today. Did you know that according to the U.S Census bureau the top 6 out of 15 last names are Hispanic? We thought we'd share some fun facts about the top 10 last names that you may want to share with your familia in order of popularity.
1. GARCIA - The Bear
According to the Surname Database, "Recorded in the spellings of Garcia, Garci, Garza, and Garces, this is a surname of Spanish origins, whose 'roots go back into the very mists of time. It is believed to be the most popular surname in the region, and this is not perhaps surprising as it derives from the word 'artz' meaning 'the bear'." The bear possessed strength, bravery, and power. "The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Diego Garcia, which was dated August 29th 1624, at San Pablo Apostal, Mexico. The coat of arms has the unusual blazon of a silver field charged with a flying bird of prey, inside a blue border, charged with a semee of saltires in gold."
Famous Garcias: Jerry Garcia (lead singer of Grateful Dead), Nicole Garcia aka Nikki Bella (WWE), Joanna Garcia (actor), Lilian Garcia (WWE, singer, announcer). Others include Andy Garcia (actor), Aimee Garcia (screenwriter), Francisco Garcia (NBA player), Jeff Garcia (former NFL player), and Nina Garcia (Fashion Editor, Project Runway).
2. RODRIGUEZ - Famous Power
"This is an ancient and noble surname recorded in many forms. These include Roderick (English), Rodiger (German), Rodriguez (Spanish), and Rodrigues (Portugese), as examples of popular surnames. There are apparently two quite separate origins, although with curious similarities which suggest a possible common source in pre-history. The first is from the ancient Gaelic-Breton compound "Rhyd-derch" which translates as "famous chief", a meaning which no doubt contributed to its early popularity. In the Middle Ages a secondary meaning was "the red haired one", although this in itself may also have harked back to the original meaning. The second origin is Germanic, from the pre 5th century, when German tribes, particularly the Vizigoths swept down into Spain and Portugal. They left behind many examples of their names, of which this is one of the most popular. The derivation is from 'hrod' meaning renown and 'ric' - power, a not dissimilar translation to the Gaelic." According to Srname Database. "Early examples of Rodriguez include Christobal Rodriguez de Leon in 1536, and Juan Rodriguez de Santos, in 1662, at Valladolid, Spain. The coat of arms has the blazon of quarterly, red and gold, in one and four an eagle displayed in gold, in two and three, three fleur de lis in blue."
Famous Rodriguez: Michelle Rodriguez (actor), Genesis Rodriguez (actor), Gina Rodriguez (actor), and Alex Rodriguez (baseball star). Others include, James Rodriguez (soccer star), Rico Rodriguez (actor), Chi Chi Rodriguez (golfer), and Paul Rodriguez (comedian).
Read more: http://www.surnamedb.com/Surname/Rodriguez#ixzz4ub9gfWom 3. MARTINEZ - God of War "This famous name is a development of the Roman 'Martinus', a personal name derived from 'Mars", the God of war. The spelling here is Spanish, the name in England being normally Martin but also found as the Huguenot Martineau from Poitou, France. Martinez the name is recorded heraldically in Castille, Milan and Sicily. The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Martinez di Castille which was dated 1580, Madrid, Spain during the reign of King Philip II of Spain, 1528 - 1598. The Coat of Arms for Castille being, 'A green tree an gold field, within a border of red with knight spurs in Gold'."- Surname Database
Read more: Read more: http://www.surnamedb.com/Surname/Martinez#ixzz4udlMQ4ev Famous Martinez: Natalie Martinez (actor), Susana Martinez (US governor), Pedro Martinez (baseball star), and Ivan & Emilio Martinez (Instafamous). Others include, Victor Martinez (baseball star), Angie Martinez (radio DJ), Maximiliano Hernández Martínez (former president of El Salvador), and Victor Matinez (baseball star). 4. HERNANDEZ - Brave Journey According to website House of Names, "The distinguished Spanish surname Hernandez is a proud sign of a rich and ancient heritage. The earliest forms of hereditary surnames in Spain were patronymic surnames, which are derived from the father's given name, and metronymic surnames, which are derived from the mother's given name. Spanish patronymic names emerged as early as the mid-9th century; the most common patronymic suffix being "ez." The Hernandez name is derived from the Spanish elements "faro," meaning journey and "nano," meaning brave." Further research according to website Family Crest Rings says, "The name has been in favour from the day of the Royal house of Castille, and the first of the name was King Ferdinand of Castille who lived from 1198 to 1252 and a notable member of the Royal family. Spain fell to the Moors around the turn of the eight century and this left a great mark on Spanish surnames. The Spanish knights wore heavy armour from head to foot and the only visible means of identification for their followers and enemies was the emblem that was painted on their shield and on their surcoat. The Hernandez coat of arms is one of the first granted from the very early centuries." Famous Hernandez: Peter Gene Hernandez aka Bruno Mars (singer), Javier "Chicharrito" Hernandez (soccer star), Laurie Hernandez (US Olympian), and Larry Hernandez (singer). Others include, Joseline Hernandez (reality tv star), Aaron Hernandez (former NFL player), and Xavi Hernandez (soccer star). 5. LOPEZ - The Wolf "It derives from the ancient words "lupus" and the 5th century a.d. "lobo", meaning the wolf. This suggests that either the name is a nickname or more likely it is a tribal and originally a form of endearment. The wolf, along with, in particular, the bear, the lion, and the stag, are figure regularly in the early records both of surnames and coats of arms. The popularity of the surname is such that it must have been given to a large number of people, so large that in general it has to relate to a tribe or clan. Amongst the early recordings of the name taken from authentic church and civil registers, in both its home country and the New World of the Americas, are Catalina Lopez and Alonso Juan Lopez, christened at Asuncion, Mexico, on February 8th 1637." - Surname Database
Read more: Read more: http://www.surnamedb.com/Surname/Lopez#ixzz4ue1oRRsP Famous Lopez: Jennifer Lopez (entertainer), George Lopez (comedian), Tai Lopez (investor, philanthropist), and Mario Lopez (tv host, actor). Others include, Brook Lopez (basketball player), Robin Lopez (basketball player), Sessilee Lopez (model), and Seidy Lopez (actor). 6. GONZALEZ - The Battle Field
"This famous surname recorded in the spellings of Gonzales, Gonzalez, Gonzalvo, Gozalo, Gonzalvez, Gosalvez, Goncaves, and Gonzalo, is usually accepted as being of Spanish or Portuguese origin. However in truth like so many Iberian surnames, its origins are Germanic. In the 5th century the Visigoths from Eastern Germany conquered the whole region, sweeping down from the Baltic and across the Pyrenean mountains into the Spanish Peninsula. the development is from the early German baptismal name 'Gundisalvus', which loosely translates as 'the battle field or battle place', a typical example of a warlike name so popular in the period. The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Marcos Gonzales de Junguito, which was dated July 1st 1556, christened at Segovia, Spain, during the reign of King Philip 11 of Spain, 1554 - 1590. The coat of arms most associated with the name is probably that granted to Gonzales de Castille, which has the blazon of a triple towered castle on a red field." - Surname Database
Read more: Read more: http://www.surnamedb.com/Surname/gonzalez#ixzz4ue7X1xYV Famous Gonzales: Tony Gonzalez (football star), Eiza Gonzalez (actor), Adrian Gonzalez (baseball star), Elian Gonzalez (Cuban boy caught in international custody battle). Others include, Jose Gonzalez (singer/songwriter), Carlos Gonzalez (baseball star), and Giant Gonzalez (WWE).
7. PEREZ - The Rock "Of all the surnames which derive from the saints and disciples of the Christian church, 'Petros' meaning 'The rock' has provided the world with the greatest number of both given names and the later medieval surnames. In their different spellings ranging from Peter, Pieter, and Pierre, to patronymics Peterson, Peters, Peres, Perez, Peers, and even the Armenian Bedrosian, to diminutives such as Poschel, Piotrek, Petrenko, and Pietrusska, there are estimated to be over seven hundred spellings. The original name was Greek, and Christ chose Peter to be 'the rock' on which the church was to be founded. Early examples of the surname recording taken from authentic registers in both Europe and the Americas include Luke Petre of London, England, in 1282, William Petres of Somerset, England, in 1327, Andres Guillen Perez, at Aguaron, Zaragoza, Spain, on December 7th 1565. The blazon of the coat of arms is very distinctive. It has a red field charged with a chross flory between four fleur de lis, all gold." - Surname Database
Read more: Read more: http://www.surnamedb.com/Surname/Perez#ixzz4ueDGTuo9 Famous Perez: Rosie Perez (actor), Pia Mia Perez (singer, YouTube star), Chris Perez (was married to Selena Quintanilla), and Marco Perez aka Markomusica (comedian, Youtube star). Others include, Alberto Moreno Perez (soccer star), Melina Perez (former WWE star), and Vincent Perez (photographer/director), and Janny Perez (founder of Mi LegaSi ;)...me!)
8. SANCHEZ - Saintly "This famous Spanish and Portuguese surname is recorded in many forms including Sancho, Sanchez, Sans, and the Italian Sanzio. However spelt it is both religious and baptismal in original, the derivation being from the Roman (Latin) 'sanctus' meaning blameless, holy, and later saintly, a meaning which no doubt greatly contributed to its popularity both as a given name and later a surname.The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Alonso Sanchez de Copeda, which was dated 1509, at the city of Alicante, Spain, during the reign of King Ferdinand 11, of Spain and Portugal, 1489 - 1512. The coat of arms has the very distinctive blazon of a blue field charged with a gold eagle displayed wearing a crown." - Surname Database
Read more: Read more: http://www.surnamedb.com/Surname/Sanchez#ixzz4ueMFG9vW Famous Sanchez: Roselyn Sanchez (entertainer), Aaron Sanchez (chef, tv personailty), Alexis Sanchez (soccer star), and Mark Sanchez (football player). Others include Roger Sanchez (DJ), Jose Enrique Sanchez (soccer player), Jessica Sanchez (singer), and Natalia Sanchez (actor). 9. RAMIREZ - Wise and Famous "This famous name recorded as Reinmer, Remer, Reijmers, Reymers, and the Spanish Ramirez and Remirez, is of pre 5th century German origins. It derives from the original given name 'Raginmari' consisting of the separate elements 'ragin' meaning wise or counsel, and 'mari' - famous. The reason why the name as 'Ramirez' is found in the Spanish peninsula, where it is one of the regions most popular surnames, is that in the year 410 a,d, the German tribe known as the 'Vizigoths' swept down from northern Europe, destroying as they went the Roman Empire which stretched down into Spain. As a result for several centuries the Vizigoths held onto Spain, and amongst the reminders of their stay are the prominent Spanish surnames Ramirez and Gonzales, as well as many others. The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Johann Reimers, which was dated 1293, in the charters of the city of Bremen, Germany, during the reign of Emperor Adolph 1, of the German Empire, 1292 - 1298. The coat of arms has the distinctive blazon of per pale, red and silver, three fleur de lis, two and one, counterchanged." - Surname Database
Read more: Read more: http://www.surnamedb.com/Surname/ramirez#ixzz4ueQaoqp8 "This famous name recorded as Reinmer, Remer, Reijmers, Reymers, and the Spanish Ramirez and Remirez, is of pre 5th century German origins. It derives from the original given name 'Raginmari' consisting of the separate elements 'ragin' meaning wise or counsel, and 'mari' - famous. The reason why the name as 'Ramirez' is found in the Spanish peninsula, where it is one of the regions most popular surnames, is that in the year 410 a,d, the German tribe known as the 'Vizigoths' swept down from northern Europe, destroying as they went the Roman Empire which stretched down into Spain. As a result for several centuries the Vizigoths held onto Spain, and amongst the reminders of their stay are the prominent Spanish surnames Ramirez and Gonzales, as well as many others. The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Johann Reimers, which was dated 1293, in the charters of the city of Bremen, Germany, during the reign of Emperor Adolph 1, of the German Empire, 1292 - 1298. The coat of arms has the distinctive blazon of per pale, red and silver, three fleur de lis, two and one, counterchanged." - Surname Database Famous Ramirez: Sara Ramirez (actor), Dania Ramirez (model, actor), and Cierra Ramirez (singer, actor). Others include Manny Ramirez (baseball player), Marisa Ramirez (actor), and Efren Ramirez (actor). 10. TORRES - The Tower "Recorded in the spellings of Tour, De la Tour, Latour, Torres, de la Torre, and diminutives such as Touret, Torricina etc, this is a surname which has to be described as 'European'. In origin it can be said to be Roman, and from the pre Christian period, however it is recorded in the many different spellings in every European country since the medieval times of the 13th century. The surname is both residential and status, and describes a person who lived in and probably owned a fortified castle or small fortress, one probably of a single tower. The original word being derived from the Latin 'turris'.The first recorded spelling of the family name is shown to be that of Elyas de Toure, which was dated 1202, in the Pipe Rolls of the county of Somerset, during the reign of King John of England, known as "Lackland", 1199 - 1216.The coat of arms has the blazon of a blue field charged with a single silver tower." - Surname Database Famous Torres: Fernando Torres (soccer star), Gina Torres (actor), Dayanara torres (former Miss Universe), and Eve Torres. Others include, Dara Torres (Olympian), Tico Torres (musician), and Raffi Torres (hockey player).
Read more: Read more: http://www.surnamedb.com/Surname/torres#ixzz4ueWQ8Am5 Check out some stats courtesy of https://names.mongabay.com/data/hispanic.html
Related Articles
Leave a comment
Comments will be approved before showing up.
Most GO Transit riders can expect to pay more for their commute starting Feb. 1. But some Union Pearson Express (UPX) train tickets are going down. The Metrolinx board will likely approve the increase of about 5 per cent on all but the shortest GO rides on Thursday.
GO train riders who take the shortest trips will continue to pay $5.30 to $5.69 a trip. ( Chris So / Toronto Star file photo )
The provincial transportation agency is also launching changes to the UPX fare schedule. Those include allowing children 12 and under to ride free — up from 6 years of age — and a reduced return adult fare of $44 rather than the initial $53. New family fares, for airport meet-and-greets and long layover fares, of $55 will also be introduced. Qualified airport workers will also be able to buy a monthly pass for a limited time for $250, rather than the regular $300. Different fares come into effect on various dates through Jan. 2.
Article Continued Below
According to a board report released Monday, the shortest GO trip prices will be frozen because those are already appropriately priced. Riders who pay $5.30 to $5.69 a trip will benefit from the freeze. But longer-distance rides will cost between 40 and 60 cents more. Passengers who use Presto will see a bigger discount with their card, however, to 11.15 per cent from 10 per cent. "Presto users will now pay less for short-distance trips due to the fact that the fares for these trips are not increasing while the initial discount for using Presto is increasing," said the report. Metrolinx says the higher fares are necessary to help pay for service improvements such as weekday, non-rush hour trips on the Kitchener line, more trains on the Lakeshore West and Milton lines and the new West Harbour Station in Hamilton.
"While the initial capital construction costs are not funded through fare revenue, the ongoing operating, maintenance and storage costs are supported partially through the fare box," said the report. The changes to UPX fares are based on the experiences of other airport trains around the world and an attempt to attract more riders. In November, Metrolinx introduced coupons offering riders a free return fare from the airport on the $27.50 regular priced ticket.
Article Continued Below
The train that was launched in June is building ridership, but the board report shows it climbing slowly from about 71,500 riders in June to about 79,000 in October. Ridership actually dropped slightly in August. Weekday ridership is up 12 per cent, according to the board report. Nearly six months after it launched, UPX is attracting about half its first year target of 5,000 daily riders. Public transit advocates have suggested the airport train is too expensive and its price structure should be reworked to make it practical as public transit. There has also been speculation that the train could be reconfigured to be part of transit plan to connect airport area employment with Markham mostly using existing GO tracks.
Many conservatives predicted that President Trump, once disappointed at conservatives in Congress failing to go along with their populist program, would turn to Democrats in order to ram through their agenda.
It didn't take long for Trump to open that door.
Trump didn't care much about repealing Obamacare; they spent most of their campaign saying they would repeal Obamacare, but then promising health insurance for everyone. Even during the Trumpcare push, Trump openly stated that the best thing might be to let Obamacare fail on its own terms. Because Trump had little interest in the business of doing the hard slogging necessary to generate a massive health care overhaul, they delegated bill-writing to Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, who knew that Trump's legislative ADHD wouldn't allow them to take too long with the process. So Ryan negotiated with himself, tried to ballpark a bill that could pass both houses of Congress, and ended up with a Frankenstein monster of stupidity combined with a few pieces of good policy. Then Trump pushed. And failed.
Trump and Ryan failed because the policy they pushed didn't repeal Obamacare – it re-enshrined its central regulations, which conservatives opposed. Trump and Ryan failed because even their good policy changes were opposed by moderate Republicans in Congress.
So, who did Trump blame? Was it Ryan, for pandering to moderates in the Republican caucus? Was it the moderates, who wanted a watered down bill? Was it Trump himself, who made promises that Democrats would have loved, then insisted on Obamacare 2.0 rather than a true free market repeal?
Nope. It was conservatives.
You know, the people who actually took the whole “repeal Obamacare” thing seriously. The people who thought that a new entitlement program was a bad idea. The people who didn't lie to their constituents.
Conservatives, the people who brought Republicans their victory in 2010 and 2014, who despised Hillary Clinton so much that they turned out in record numbers for a man noticeably short on conservative credentials in 2016. They're the problem.
Trump themselves has fired off only one tweet casting blame for the Trumpcare debacle:
Democrats are smiling in D.C. that the Freedom Caucus, with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage, have saved Planned Parenthood & Ocare! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 26, 2017
This is laughable. Trump doesn't give two figs about Planned Parenthood – they spent much of the campaign praising them. Heritage and Club for Growth both supported Trump ardently during the election. The top members of the House Freedom Caucus were all Trump campaign stalwarts.
But Trump is blaming them. Of course. This is the same guy who said during the election cycle that they didn't care if the Republicans lost the Senate, since that would enable them to work with Democrats.
And so White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus blamed the conservatives in the GOP, and then added that Trump could work with the Democrats instead.
Avatar for the establishment Hugh Hewitt, a fan of Paul Ryan's and a bizarrely vacillating fan of President Trump, called the House Freedom Caucus “the Area 51 sub-caucus…which believes in legislative flying saucers that ignore the Senate, and the Senate rules, and the reconciliation rules. They own the loss, nobody else.”
And Democrats are eager to split Trump from conservatives: Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer (D-NY), who has zero interest in working with Trump, is now flirting with Trump, understanding that they can give Trump the run-around without consequence. Schumer accused Trump of being “captured by the hard right” and offered to work with Trump if Trump dumped repeal and tax cuts for high income earners (i.e. the people who pay the vast majority of America's taxes).
Back in March 2016, I wrote this:
The establishment doesn't object to Trumpism. They only object to Trump. Strip the drunken boor antics from Trump, and you've got John McCain who will lie transparently to pander to the populist wing.
Trump's new war on conservatives, cheered by establishment lackeys, was totally predictable. If Trump pursues that war, it's all downhill for conservatives from here.
Which means that conservatives must stand and fight. It's time to send Trump conservative legislation – make them veto it. Push Ryan to propose legislation that will please conservatives, rather than treating them as an out-group to ignore. If Republicans gained the White House and Congress and Senate only to dump conservative principles in favor of bipartisan mush, they won't have only blown the most obvious chance of our lifetimes, they'll have broken all their promises. They'll deserve to lose.
It's easy to think that vegetarian diets are naturally healthier than an omnivorous one, but that's not necessarily true.
Just like with any diet, being vegetarian can be unhealthy if you don't watch what you eat. Donuts and cheese pizza are vegetarian, but you can become ill if that's all your diet consists of.
According to the Mayo Clinic, a healthy vegetarian diet consists of 2 1/2 cups of vegetables, 2 cups of fruit, 6 1/2 ounces of grains, 3 cups of dairy, and 3 1/3 ounces of protein foods every day.
Of course, that is just an outline for the average 2,000 calorie diet. Eating more than the daily recommended amount of fruits and vegetables is actually common for vegetarians, and it is associated with a lower risk for colon and some other cancers.
Many omnivores view vegetarians not as more healthy but as nutrient deficient and withering. This is also a misconception. Being a part of the large majority blinds most people to the fact that omnivores are on average more deficient in key nutrients than vegetarians.
This article in The Journal of Nutrition demonstrates that most Americans don't meet daily recommendations for key foods and nutrients like whole grains, fruits, whole fruits and fiber. In fact, the average American only gets half their daily value of fiber.
On average, vegetarians have higher intakes of fiber, lower rates of obesity, and lower intakes of total, trans and saturated fats. All of these things are associated with a reduced risk for many chronic illnesses.
So while being vegetarian doesn't inherently make someone more or less healthy, a properly planned vegetarian diet is healthier than the average American diet.
Making sure to get all of those different food groups may seem difficult, but it's actually no harder to maintain a healthy vegetarian diet than it is an omnivorous one.
Fruits and Vegetables
76% of Americans do not meet fruit intake recommendations, and 87% do not meet vegetable intake recommendations. Eating just bananas and iceberg lettuce doesn't cut it. In order to get the most nutrition from your diet, it's important to vary the fruits and vegetables you eat every day.
Make sure you're getting dark green, orange, and red vegetables on a weekly basis. It's worth experimenting with vegetables you've never tried before to increase your arsenal of veggies. The more varied the vegetables in your fridge, the better.
The same goes for fruit. Bananas are nutritious, but apples, oranges, lemons, berries and mangoes are all high in vitamin C and fiber. Getting a healthy mix of fruit is important, since the sugars and fiber from the fruit help to keep your body running and regular.
Grains
Nearly all Americans don't get enough whole grains. At least 3 1/2 ounces of your daily grain intake should be whole grains. These can be found in many breads at your local bakery or grocery store.
You can also buy whole grain oats, granola, cereal and breakfast bars that have whole grains in them. Having brown rice with some stir-fried veggies is another way to sneak in some whole grains. Or you could have a quinoa salad. There are a ton of options.
Protein Foods
This isn't an area of concern for most people. Vegetarians and vegans average 70% more protein than the recommended daily value. But in case you're worried that without meat your options will be too limited, let me offer some suggestions.
Beans and rice are a complete protein. Quinoa is high in protein and fiber. Tofu, and other soy products, are both cheap and high in protein. Many vegetables are also high in protein, like peas, kale and spinach, peanuts, cashews. Nuts and legumes are also an excellent source of protein.
Although they're not necessary to get your daily protein, dairy and eggs can help. Milk and eggs are both high in protein, and can easily be worked in to any meal.
Dairy and Eggs
While not needed for protein, eggs and dairy provide a source of vitamin B-12 for vegetarians. A completely plant-based diet should rely on dietary supplements, such as fortified nutritional yeast or multi-vitamins, to obtain B-12.
Limited amounts of dairy and eggs can be beneficial, but it's important not to replace meat with an excess amount of dairy. Dairy and eggs are still high in fat and cholesterol, and are best used sparingly in your meals.
Meatless doesn't always mean healthy, but meat is by no means necessary to live a healthy life. If your diet is full of a variety of fruits, vegetables, grains and dairy/plant-based protein, you can not only live a healthy life, but thrive as a vegetarian.
Thanks for listening to this vegetarian's opinion.
Advertisements
Director: Richard Linklater.
Screenplay: Richard Linklater.
Starring: Ellar Coltrane, Patricia Arquette, Ethan Hawke, Lorelei Linklater, Libby Villari, Marco Perella, Steven Chester Prince, Charlie Sexton, Jamie Howard, Andrew Villarreal, Tom McTigue, Richard Robichaux.
“You know how everyone's always saying seize the moment? I don't know, I'm kind of thinking it's the other way around, you know, like the moment seizes us”
For me, an overriding question often hangs over the work of Richard Linklater which is; how long will this fantastic director go on without awards recognition? He's, quite simply, one of the truly great American filmmakers. Their ideas are always highly original and the execution of them nothing short of pure brilliance. From their debut Slacker to the recent completion of their Before trilogy, Linklater has always shown the skill to match their hugely ambitious projects and after filming over a 12 year period, Boyhood may just be the most impressive feat they have ever undertaken. I wouldn't be surprised if at least a nomination comes their way now.
Beginning in 2002, we follow the lives of a Texan family: Single mother Olivia (Patricia Arquette) has been left with their two children, 6-year-old son Mason Evans, Jr. (Ellar Coltrane) and their older sister Samantha (Lorelei Linklater) while their estranged father Mason Sr, (Ethan Hawke) is somewhere in Alaska “finding” himself. Over 12 years, we witness how their relationship grows with one another as Mason reaches 18-years and eventually leaves for college where they embark on their own adult journey.
So as not to be confused with the recent release of 12 Years a Slave, Linklater changed their original title 12 Years to Boyhood. However, there is so much scope here that it isn't always just about the boy. It's about their immediate family as well. Sure Mason Jr is primarily the focus but their sister, mother and estranged father get as much development and attention as they do, leaving 12 Years a more apt title as the focus on all these people and their relationships bring a real depth and expanse to the story. It's a marvellous achievement from Linklater and one that takes constant reminders from yourself to appreciate that what you're witnessing is, in fact, unlike anything you might have seen before. It isn't just this lengthy endeavour that impresses, though. Thankfully, Linklater's script is very sharp in shaping this family. They bring each of the four characters to life and, more importantly, believability. There's a chance that it could have come across as pretentious or simply that Linkater couldn't manage to realise their ambitions due to the very high commitment required. To film the same actors over a 12 year period couldn't have been easy but Linklater makes it look so and he's served wonderfully by a first rate cast. Taking a gamble on young Ellar Contrane really pays off as this young man maintains their acting chops throughout the duration and matures into an excellent performer (as well as uncannily resembling their onscreen father). Linklater's daughter Lorelei also delivers some fine work and both Arquette and, especially, Hawke are outstanding as the flawed but loving parents.
What's unmistakable is that there's no doubt that it's a Richard Linklater film. It channels the same themes that have been recurrent throughout their career: As a coming-of-age drama it's reminiscent of Dazed and Confused; With the progression into adulthood it resembles SubUrbia or Tape; From the adults perspective and their relationship issues it's on the same path as the Before trilogy and all the while it questions life itself leading it philosophically into Waking Life territory. The film is dense with characterisation and reflects accurately what we have all faced at one point or other in our own journey's and that's where Linkater deserves the most praise. The passage of time and perspective is consummated through laughter, tears, changing fashions and an excellent use of music but it's Linkater's insight into human relations and our different stages of development that impresses most as they fully manage to capture that the only constant thing in life is… change.
Simply put, this is a highly observant near masterpiece. To achieve such a accomplishment without the use of prosthetics requires the utmost commitment and that's exactly what we get from the entire cast and crew. It's a tour-de-force that achieves such a sense of realism and reflection that's it hard not to compare your own experiences to it. Sometimes a film can be described as a “slice-of-life” but this isn't so much a slice as a whole chunk.
Mark Walker
Trivia: As it is illegal in the U.S. to sign contracts lasting longer than 7 years, nobody could sign a contract for their 12-year commitment and had Richard Linklater died during the 12-year shoot, Ethan Hawke would have taken over the directorial duties.
Advertisements
On Friday, President Donald Trump signed an executive order focused on immigration that suspended the admission of refugees to the United States for 120 days. The order specifically barred Syrian refugees from entering entirely, and put a 90-day block on those traveling from countries with primarily Muslim populations (Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen). The order also bizarrely targeted green card holders from the listed countries, meaning previously vetted and approved residents would be barred from reentering the US. Within hours, airport authorities around the nation had begun to detain travelers, including Olympians, foreign politicians, small children, and people seeking asylum.
The public's response was swift and sweeping. In cities and airports around the nation, protesters joined together with makeshift signs, chanting for the release of detainees and calling for action against Trump. Soon major airports like New York's John F. Kennedy and Chicago's O'Hare were swarmed with demonstrators, clogging entrances and forming peaceful standoffs with police. While Americans voiced their disdain for Trump's racist and xenophobic policies, lawyers from the ACLU went to work through legal channels, eventually scoring a momentary victory against the seemingly unconstitutional policy. At around 8:45 p.m. Saturday, the federal court for the Eastern District of New York issued an emergency stay halting deportations under the executive order. Ann M. Donnelly, the judge who made the ruling, said that sending travelers back could cause “irreparable harm.”
But before the ruling, citizens' voices were being heard loudly and clearly. The resistance to Trump certainly seems to be in full swing, and this is what it looked like yesterday in America.
Chicago
A protester at Chicago's O'Hare Airport.
Thousands gather at O'hare International Airport in Chicago.
Protesters at O'Hare Airport in Chicago.
Demonstrators protest agaist President Trump's executive immigration ban at Chicago O'Hare International Airport.
Thousands fill the street outside Terminal 5 of O'Hare International Airport in Chicago.
People link arms blocking traffic on the road outside Terminal 5 at O'Hare International Airport in Chicago.
Protesters in at Chicago's O'Hare Airport.
New York
A protester at JFK.
The crowd at JFK Airport.
A crowd of protesters gathers outside of the Brooklyn Federal Courthouse as a judge hears a challenge against President Donald Trump's executive ban on immigration.
Protesters at Cadman Plaza in Brooklyn, NY.
Protesters rally during a demonstration against the Muslim immigration ban at John F. Kennedy International Airport.
Protesters at JFK Airport.
Protesters rally during a demonstration against the Muslim immigration ban at John F. Kennedy International Airport.
Protesters at JFK Airport.
Protesters at Cadman Plaza in Brooklyn, NY.
San Francisco & Los Angeles
Activists stage a rally against President Donald Trump's 90-days ban of entry on 7 Muslim-majority countries at the San Francisco International Airport.
A demonstrator takes a photograph during a rally against Muslim immigration ban at San Francisco International Airport.
Demonstrators rally against a ban on Muslim immigration at Los Angeles International Airport.
Philadelphia, Dallas, Denver
Sofia Fenner protests the Muslim Ban of President Donald Trump at the International Arrivals of Philadelphia International Airport.
Protesters gather to denounce President Donald Trump's executive order that bans certain immigration, at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport.
Amal Kassir, a Syrian American, leads the crowd during an immigration protest at Denver International Airport.
Boston
Tori Furtado, from Boston, kneels down to write a sign that reads, 'Love has no borders.'
Hundreds of people gathered for a rally at the Chinatown Gate in Boston.
Protesters at Logan International Airport.
A protester holds up a sign that reads 'I Love My Muslim Neighbors' during a demonstration against the new ban on immigration issued by President Donald Trump at Logan International Airport.
Two years ago, Indianapolis Colts fan Nick Running met Jane Momany, a Minnesota Vikings fan, at a game in Minnesota.
Three months after that meeting, Running saw that the Vikings were selling bricks to fans surrounding U.S. Bank Stadium, which would open in 2016.
Despite only knowing Momany for a short time, they were ready to make the purchase.
On the brick was inscribed: "Jane, will you marry me? Love, Nick."
"I knew I wanted to spend the rest of my life with them the moment I met her," Running said.
On Saturday, ahead of the Vikings' game against the Colts, Running and Momany, who now live in Denver, flew to Minnesota and took a trip to the stadium. A friend had come ahead of time and cleared the space where the brick was, pulling back the snow in the shape of a heart.
The happy couple, Nick Running and Jane Momany, celebrates after the brick proposal. Jane Momany/Instagram
Momany looked down and Running had the ring ready. They said yes.
"It was the best $170 I ever spent," Running said.
June 20, 2011
GREEK SOCIETY has exploded into protest against austerity measures, threatening to bring down the government of Prime Minister George Papandreou and their center-left PASOK party. Meanwhile, the country staggers to the brink of default and economic collapse.
Three weeks of mass protests, public square occupations and spreading strikes culminated June 15 in a 24-hour general strike that brought the country to a standstill. Tens of thousands of people poured into the streets in front of the parliament building in Athens' central Syntagma Square.
Demonstrators, who clashed with riot police armed with clubs and tear gas, continued to mobilize over the weekend, as workers rejected Papandreou's desperate move late last week to reshuffle their cabinet in the hopes of breaking the paralysis gripping the state.
Papandreou will face a confidence vote this Tuesday, June 21. And the following week, the government is scheduled to debate and vote on another round of devastating cutbacks, justified as the necessary sacrifice to save the country from financial catastrophe if it defaults.
A 24-hour general strike on June 15 brought Greece to a standstill
Meanwhile, the anger in the streets is boiling over. Syntagma Square rings with the chants: "We owe nothing, we sell nothing, we pay nothing" and "We'll stay until they go."
"We didn't create the debt, they created the debt," Lina Pantazi, a 40-year-old public school teacher told the New York Times. Another protester, Antony Vatselas, a 28-year-old mechanical engineer, told Reuters, "We want them out. Obviously these measures are not going to get us out of the crisis." With tears streaming down their face from the tear gas, they continued: "They want only us to pay for it. And they are doing nothing. I want the debt to be erased. If this doesn't happen, there is no exit for Greece."
THE VAST majority of Greeks reject Papandreou's attempt to implement austerity measures demanded by the European Union, International Monetary Fund (IMF) and European Central Bank in return for a bailout package negotiated in May 2010 that was worth nearly $160 billion. This "troika" is threatening to withhold further funds for the Greek government unless it accelerates the pace of the cuts.
Featured at Socialism Hear Zach Zill at Socialism 2011 in Chicago, speaking on the panel, "The kids aren't alright: The global youth revolt." Check out the Socialism 2011 website for more details.
As a result of the bailout deal, Greece's population of 11 million is suffering its deepest social crisis in generations. Waves of draconian cuts, including a 20 percent wage cut for public-sector workers, reductions in pensions of up to 55 percent, and an increase in the retirement age have upended social life in Greece and decimated working-class living standards.
The proposal that is due to be voted on next week is a new five-year plan that would consist of a further 20 percent wage cut for government workers, the elimination of 200,000 public-sector jobs, another round of regressive tax increases that hit workers hardest, and an extensive fire sale of state-owned industries and public assets.
In response, the Greek movement against cuts has mushroomed into an angry popular uprising with roots among all sectors of the population. A movement of young people mimicking Spain's "Indignados" or "Indignants" ("aganaktismenoi" in Greek) has organized weeks of round-the-clock occupations of public squares Syntagma in Athens. Mass rallies at Syntagma each night drew thousands of people.
The labor movement has also escalated its actions. The two main union federations, the public-sector ADEDY and the GSEE federation, have called strikes in workplaces slated for privatization and shut down the country with last week's general strike, Greece's third of this year and the 11th since the crisis began.
Now, the strength of the protest movement has created splits within the ruling PASOK party and frozen the austerity proposals in parliament.
Several PASOK members of parliament defected or pledged to vote against the new measures, crippling Papandreou's government. A sense of fear and paralysis grips the Greek ruling class. Even the conservative opposition party, New Democracy, refuses to support the austerity measures--last week, it rejected Papandreou's offer to step down and make way for a "national unity" government between PASOK and New Democracy.
Papandreou had to resort to desperate measures. Over the weekend, they appointed their main PASOK rival, Evangelos Venizelos, as finance minister after dismissing George Papaconstantinou, who authored the new austerity plan.
But this reshuffle is unlikely to alter the situation. As Yannis Varoufakis, a professor of economics at the University of Athens, told the BBC, "The whole government is breathing its last breath. This is a transitional government that will be ineffective and will resemble one of the six governments in Argentina during its pre-default era."
The protest movement has spread into every corner of Greece, from the country's second-largest city Thessaloniki to towns on remote islands.
The movement has permeated society. On June 16, riot police were called in to confront a group of elderly demonstrators at a home for seniors--they bombarded government spokesperson George Petalotis with chants of "Shame, shame," and hurled fruit and yogurt at them when they arrived to address a PASOK meeting.
As journalist and author Paul Mason, reporting for the BBC in Athens, wrote: "You walk down Venizelos Avenue--the big business boulevard from Syntagma to Omonia Square--it is ghostly quiet...The street is under the control of the protesters...Every shop is shuttered...There are no 'bystanders.'"
HOW DID Greece get to this point? For more than a year, the so-called "sovereign debt" crisis has smoldered away in what's known as the Eurozone, the European countries united under the euro currency. The debt crisis stemmed directly from the global financial meltdown of 2008, which stretched the finances of the weakest members of the Eurozone, especially the so-called PIIGS--Portugal, Ireland, Italy, Greece and Spain.
These countries, in particular, veered toward insolvency as government debt grew far beyond the target for European Union member countries of 3 percent of gross domestic product. In response, the troika engineered a series of bailouts, starting with Greece in May of last year. Each was contingent on the state accepting harsh spending cuts, reductions in wages and pensions, and accelerated privatization.
According to the mainstream media, austerity is the necessary corrective for a country where workers supposedly enjoyed lavishly high living standards and extravagant social programs, as well as outdated protections for unions--this, the press claimed, was the source of the debt crisis.
But the Greek crisis is certainly not the result of too much money going to workers. When the financial crisis of 2008-09 struck, the Greek government--like other countries around the world, including the U.S.--wrote a blank check to rescue its banking sector, to the tune of at least 28 billion euros.
Before this, the Greek state was starved of revenue by drastic cuts in corporate taxes, which fell from a rate of 45 percent in the 1990s to 20 percent--and only 12 percent for banks. During the last years of the conservative New Democracy government under Kostas Karamanlis, there was widespread non-payment of taxes by major corporations and big capitalists.
The government has also wasted huge sums on frivolous expenditures or useless military equipment. For example, the massive stadiums and arenas built for the 2004 Olympic Games in Greece now sit empty. Greece also purchased a $100 million anti-terrorist monitoring system from a company called C4i--it has never been used.
Then there's the role of corrupt financial speculators like the U.S. super-bank Goldman Sachs, which advised its hedge fund investors to bet on a Greek default at the same time as it advised the Greek government to go deeper into debt.
The claim that austerity would "modernize" the Greek economy and get it back on track has turned out to be completely wrong. The cuts have worsened the crisis, sending unemployment climbing to 16 percent--31 percent for those under 30 years old--and causing Greece's GDP to plummet 4.5 percent since a year ago.
The Economist magazine admitted as much in a recent article:
Inherently, there are two conflicting economic tensions in the rescue packages. The first is that the austerity programs needed to cut deficits are killing the growth needed to make debt bearable...The other inherent tension is that the steps needed to improve competitiveness within the euro require prices and wages to be held down, making it even harder to cope with debt.
Despite the bailout, the Greek economy has been tottering on the brink for over a year--it will need another massive bailout to avoid default. Over the weekend, France and Germany--the main financial powers in the EU--reached two highly touted agreements over the nature and timing of the next bailout package. Significantly, private investors were protected from any losses in a potential Greek default.
Yet the key short-term issue remains--the next infusion of funds to the Greek government is due to come in only a few weeks, and it is contingent on the passage of the new austerity measures. Without those funds, the government will run out of money next month and will be forced to delay or cancel its debt repayments.
Even if the austerity proposals pass, the odds are that Greece will eventually default anyway. As George Magnus, senior economic adviser at UBS, said, "I don't think there is a question over whether Greece is going to default, it is just a question of whether it is an orderly or disorderly one."
The IMF knows this is the likely outcome. But it, along with European political leaders, with the support of the U.S., are using the crisis as an opportunity to force through massive privatization--not just of industry and assets such as post offices and airports, but also thousands of acres of prime real estate--and a huge transfer of wealth from the Greek working class.
IN THIS regard, the cuts have largely been successful--and they have caused severe hardship for workers whose living standards have been cut to the bone. To take just one example, last year, the government was forced to open its military hospitals to the public because public hospitals lacked funding needed to maintain adequate levels of staff and supplies.
Only a few voices of ordinary Greeks have come through in the Western media coverage, but they reflect the desperation. One demonstrator quoted in the New York Times, a 63-year-old retired nurse named Angeliki Kolandretsou, described having their pension cut to only $915 a month, at the same time as their 42-year-old son moved back in with them after being unable to find a job for five years.
Corina, a student in Athens, wrote on the BBC website:
We are a country at war. Protesters are fighting not only for their dignity, but for their right to protest...I am a student and my university is about to close because of a lack of funding. Many other universities are in the same position. Some of my friends will not be able to sit their exams. I don't know what I will do. I would like to study abroad, but I don't have the money. I just want my country to recover. We don't have a future here. This country is suffocating its people.
Because of their complicity with the troika, Greece's two main parties--which have governed since the fall of the military dictatorship in 1974--are totally discredited in the eyes of most workers. PASOK is in a shambles, and New Democracy, while opportunistically rejecting austerity, has no alternative.
In 2008, Papandreou came to power thanks to a landslide victory for PASOK, which was broadly supported by Greece's ruling establishment. The party with the traditional allegiance of Greece's working class was expected to be a better salesperson for cuts and privatization.
But that allegiance has now dissolved. As Paul Mason described, the PASOK government has not only lost support for austerity, but "is beginning to lose its grip slightly on the actual functions a state should do."
The social crisis has summoned up the darkest elements of Greek society. Fascist gangs and neo-Nazis have taken to trolling the streets of Athens, targeting immigrants. Last month, fascists attacked a group of immigrant workers, killing one and injuring dozens. Reports from Greece describe the far right as a presence at the mass demonstrations--not to counter the protesters, but instead to try to capitalize on the despair and attract more supporters. Important rallies have been organized to defend immigrants, but it's clear the threat of the far right will remain as long as the crisis continues.
But the main beneficiary of the explosion of social protest has been the left. Though it remains small compared to the broader movement against austerity and the social discontent, there are promising signs emerging from the mass movement itself.
The Syntagma aganaktismeni have begun a daily routine--modeled the occupations of Madrid's Plaza del Sol and other Spanish cities, themselves inspired by the Tahrir Square mobilizations during the Egyptian revolution--of holding a popular assembly every night that draws hundreds of speakers and an audience of thousands. Reports from Greek activists also indicate that the aganaktismeni have begun reaching out to the organized working class.
The popular assemblies are shaping demands that fit the mood of rebellion and resistance--above all that Greece should refuse to pay its debts and exit the euro, and that the capitalists should be made to pay for the crisis. There is also an important democratic demand emerging--that European Union officials in Brussels, Paris or Berlin should not be allowed to determine the future of millions in Athens or Thessaloniki.
The Greek movement is growing stronger by the day and now represents the leading edge of Europe's popular struggles against austerity. Actions in the coming days and weeks will be decisive in shaping what looks to be a long hot summer in Europe.
Canada Post contends its federal mandate to deliver mail trumps any municipal rule and specifically argues the bylaw conflicts with the Canada Post Corporation Act.
The city argues the bylaw – which requires Canada Post to obtain a $200 permit for each mailbox — only regulates, rather than prevents installation in municipal road allowances.
Hamilton appears to be the first Canadian municipality to enforce such a bylaw – but Medicine Hat, Alta., actually enacted permit fees of more than $500 per box last fall.
Canada Post isn't paying those fees, either, said general manager of planning Kent Snyder, and the city has no plans to push the issue.
"I'm not sure if we have much to stand on, legally," they said. "For a community of 60,000, I'm not sure that it would be worth it."
Snyder added that while residents "still have concerns" about the placement of some mailboxes, many of the complaints have been worked out with the federal agency.
Hamilton, the agency's spokesperson, earlier told The Spectator around 215 of 240 location complaints received by the end of March had resulted in "adjustments."
Mountain Coun. Tom Jackson said Thursday they have helped broker "compromises" with residents and Canada Post on more than 50 of 70 problem sites in their ward.
That still leaves more than a dozen "contentious" locations outstanding, they noted, but added he's committed to continue negotiations. "If the cards end up stacked against us (in court) in spite of our best efforts, that's my plan C."
Canada Post Statement
mvandongen@thespec.com
905-526-3241 | @Mattatthespec
Needless to say, having to do a live in-ring interview on no topic whatsoever with no time to prepare was not how I envisioned making my television debut. And I hated catchphrases.
It feels like an eternity walking to the ring in WWE when no one knows who you are. WWE fans tend to be very hard on people they don't see as “stars,” and I could hear the groan when I came out to the Miz's entrance music. In the ring, I did my best to stay confident, or at least appear that way. By the time the ring announcer handed me the microphone, I still had no idea what I was going to say. I ended up thanking the fans for being so accepting even though the Miz was my Pro, and I told them I wished my Pro had been my true mentor, William Regal. From there, I basically babbled on about NXT for another thirty seconds. Losing my train of thought and seeing the crowd lose their patience, I started to worry. Luckily, Miz's music hit and out they came. Thank goodness. (Yes, I really said that.)
Miz immediately started ragging on me—well deservedly, I might add. They asked where my personality was; where was my charisma? We bantered back and forth until they finally asked me for a catchphrase. As soon as they asked, something I had just heard in my grappling class immediately came to mind. I told them if we were to ever step in the ring and fight, they would only have two options: They would either “tap or snap.” It wasn't the best catchphrase in the world, and I actually couldn't use it because someone owned the rights to it, but it was enough for me to get through the interview and get a decent reaction. In response, Miz slapped me in the face and left me standing in the ring to end the segment.
Not exactly a home run, more like a solid single. I knew I needed to keep working on talking, but I considered this a success, especially given I had no idea what was coming. And that's one of the reasons NXT was the most unusual wrestling experience of my career: A huge part of it was unscripted, and none of the show's Rookies knew what was going on. I didn't know Miz was going to come out and save the interview, and I definitely didn't know they were going to strike me at the end. Miz is self-admittedly not the toughest guy in the world, and much later on, they confessed to me that they were mildly concerned I was going to fight them for the slap.
Do you ever flip through a coloring book and have no idea where to begin?
Sometimes there are just so many beautiful pages I just don't know what to color first. Should I save my favorite pages? Start with them instead? Color my least favorite as a warm up?
Still, not a bad problem to have, all in all. And, it's one you'll be having a lot if you win this giveaway!
Scroll to the bottom of this article to enter! This giveaway will be accepting new entries until 11:59pm EST on Saturday, December 3rd, 2016. One lucky winner will be drawn at random on December 4th to receive the prize: 9 Inkspirations coloring book titles totalling over $100 in retail value!
Only valid in the United States due to giveaway laws. No purchase necessary. Winner must respond to an email within three days to claim their prize, or a new winner will be selected.
A huge thank you to the team at Inkspirations for providing the review and giveaway copies for this showcase/giveaway! Also, this page contains some affiliate links. That means that if you buy anything, at no additional cost to you, you'll be helping support Cleverpedia and my coloring book addition. Thank you so much!
Get Free Coloring Pages! Subscribe today and get access to the coloring page library, with over 40 pages contributed by the artists! Just enter your email address in the box below to join my free email newsletter and be the first to know about new coloring book releases, giveaways, and other stress-busting advice for creatives. Email Address*
Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, and at any time you may unsubscribe. For more information, please visit our Your email address will only be used to send you our newsletter, and at any time you may unsubscribe. For more information, please visit our Privacy Policy
I am so excited to be sharing Inkspirations' fun and whimsical coloring books with you all again! I first showed off their coloring books back in April, and also interviewed Beth Logan, the illustrator behind Inkspirations in the Garden, this past summer.
Now I am back to share a selection of books from the prize pack they are offering up to one lucky Cleverpedia reader!
Check out the set of prizes and sample pages from the books below, along with my in-depth review of four of the titles. Don't forget to stick around to enter the giveaway at the very bottom of the page!
Prizes & Detailed Reviews
One lucky winner will receive a prize pack containing a fun selection of nine Inkspirations titles, worth a total retail value of $104.55:
Check out the details of each book below:
Inkspirations Color Me Postcards
This mini coloring book is actually a pack of 32 coloring postcards on firm cardstock, ready for you to tear out, color, and send. They feature whimsical designs for every occasion, from holidays to birthdays, thank yous to thinking of yous. The back of each postcard features a postcard mailer layout with another small design element to color.
I tried these out with my Tombow Dual Brush Pens, a water-based marker, and the color did not run through to the other side.
Inkspirations Color Me Postcards
The linework in these was thinner than in other Inkspirations books, likely due to the smaller size of the postcards, but I didn't find that it made it any harder to color. I loved the Christmas and winter themed postcards, but there were a lot of fun ones in here for year-round. It's a nice collection of coloring postcards and I definitely recommend them!
This booklet includes a set of 8 glossy greeting cards and envelopes. The glossy outside of the cards is already digitally colored with a whimsical design. The same design is copied inside in black and white on regular card textured paper, ready to color. The paper is thick and stiff, similar to a regular greeting card. The cards span a variety of non-holiday themes, such as “thank you,” “congratulations” and “thinking of you.”
Inkspirations Create While You Wait: Coloring on the Go
Portable coloring books give you the opportunity to color on the go, and this cute little 5×7″ book is no exception! The designs insides are printed horizontally, with the binding at the top, making the book easy to use for both left and right handed colorists. The binding also allows you to press the book open flat, meaning you'll never miss part of your design because it was printed into the crease.
The book is 120 pages, printed on both sides, though the reverse of each image is typically just a quote with a border that matches the next page. My Tombow Dual Brush Pens left a shadow on the reverse of the page but did not bleed through all the way; I recommend testing your own markers since your mileage may vary!
The designs in here, all by Judy Clement Wall, are super cute! Plus, the small size made it easy to complete a page in under an hour, perfect for a little stress relief break away from the world!
Inkspirations for Christmas Joy
I've rounded up and written about a number of Christmas coloring books in the past, and I can say with confidence that this is a really nice Christmas coloring book! Featuring the whimsical art of Kristin van Lieshout, there are over 30 designs to color, as well as 12 pages of DIY holiday crafts. These include coloring gift tags, postcards, wine tags, and more! I love that this book offers some different ways to use your Christmas-themed coloring, all inside one book. (Looking for more fun ways to use your colored pages? Check out our list of the best ways to use your finished colored pages here!)
The pages in the larger Inkspirations books are perforated, so it is very easy to tear the one you want to work on out of the book. The binding is also a “lay flat” style binding, though, if you prefer to work in the book!
I colored this image in about an hour and a half. It was fun! I love the ornaments and the mix of Christmas-y elements in a wreath shape. I did notice that a few small lines were missing in the design, which I drew in with a fine Sharpie. (The right bottom edge of the blue/orange ornament and (ugh) the bottom of the left pinecone, which I didn't do so well haha.)
The paper is a medium weight and very smooth. I've noticed that my markers get almost “sucked into” the paper as I color, so the colors end up going on relatively smoothly, with less streakiness than on a rougher paper. My Tombows did bleed through slightly to the opposite side of the page. Fortunately, the back of each page is just a quote page with a matching border, so nothing was impacted.
Overall I really enjoyed this book and I love the DIY projects at the end. I am definitely going to be coloring some gift tags for my family this Christmas!
Inkspirations Animal Kingdom
Like the book above, this book has about 32 pages of images to color on medium-weight, perforated paper. The reverse of each page features a quote with a decorative, matching border. The binding allows you to lay the book flat, too.
There are a ton of really detailed, patterned animals in this book — it would be fun to pick a small color palette of five to seven colors and then go to town on the patterns! I recommend this Inkspirations book if you love animals.
Inkspirations in the Garden
I reviewed this book in more detail here when I interviewed Beth Logan. Go ahead and click over to read the full interview and learn more about this book!
Inkspirations for Cat Lovers
Similar to many of the other Inkspirations books, this coloring book features about 30 feline-themed pages to color. It is printed on a smooth, medium weight, white, perforated paper. The reverse of each page features a quote about cats and a colorable border.
There were a lot of fun designs in this book, but I particularly liked this one, a sort of pop-art style page with four different parts:
The abstract linework really lends itself to some creative color options. I used a combination of my Caran d'Ache Pablos and Tombow dual-ended brush pens. What do you think of my blue cat?
If you love cats, you'll really enjoy this book. Of course, maybe you prefer dogs — if you win this giveaway, you'll have a choice between this book and the next one on the list!
(Love cats? Check out more coloring books for cat lovers here!)
Inkspirations for Dog Lovers
This book is similar to the one above — except featuring dogs, of course! There are around 30 pages to color, featuring a variety of breeds, such as poodles, German shephards, shih tzus, bulldogs, pomeranians, Siberian huskies, boxers, pugs, golden retrievers, and more. Like the book above, the paper is white, medium-weight, and smooth to the touch. The pages are perforated and the book has lay-flat binding.
(Love dogs? Check out more coloring books for dog lovers here!)
Inkspirations for a Happy Heart
This book has similar features and form factor to the other full-size Inkspirations coloring books in this list! I love the artwork, which is by Diane Yi and very intricate! If you love the preview images above, hop over to Amazon to check out more previews by clicking the links above.
Inkspirations Fruit of the Spirit
This book has many of the same features as the books above. The subject of this title is more spiritual and faith-based, including bible verses and images with Christian messages. Regardless of your religious affiliation, the artwork is lovely — just look at that gorgeous mandala!
IT'S GIVEAWAY TIME! Enter to win over $100 of coloring books from Inkspirations!
In this month-long giveaway, one lucky winner will recieve a prize pack of nine Inkspirations titles, valued over $100. Entries will accept until 11:59pm EST on Saturday, December 3rd, 2016. The winner will be drawn at random on December 4th, and will have three days to respond to the win announcement email before a new winner is drawn. Sorry, United States entrants only (if the laws weren't so complicated, I would definitely open this thing up more!).
Now is the moment you've been waiting for! Click the options below to enter the giveaway! Share with your friends via email, social media, and Facebook groups to earn the most possible entries; each friend you refer will earn you an additional entry!
Be sure to subscribe to Cleverpedia's free email newsletter. In addition to hearing about our coloring book giveaways, you'll get the scoop on great new coloring book releases, tips, artist interviews, and more. I don't bombard my subscribers and I definitely do not spam! (Already follow Cleverpedia? Love it!! Click the buttons below and you will receive the entries you deserve!)
Cleverpedia + Inkspirations Coloring Book Giveaway
Thanks again to the Inkspirations team for providing the review and giveaway copies!
Save these books to your coloring book wishlist on Pinterest by pinning the image below!
Like us on Facebook to see more of our coloring guides!
Fnatic, one of the world's leading eSports organisations, has found itself embroiled in an internal dispute with its players following the inclusion of several clauses that appear to strip players of their image rights and even power of attorney.
Breitbart was sent a copy of the offending clauses in the contract, which was signed by the League of Legends and Dota 2 squads within the organisation but rejected by the CS:GO team, which include granting the organisation irrevocable use of image rights for the purposes of merchandising and, most shockingly of all, an agreement to let Fnatic act as the player's attorney in matters pertaining to sponsorships and merchandising. The agreement specifically grants the organisation the right to execute documents on a player's behalf. A copy of the clauses can be seen below.
Player contracts in eSports have often come under scrutiny in regards to both fairness and legality. Even recently consultations with legal analysts have declared that some contracts do not protect a player's interests, often asking them to sign away image rights as a matter of course, or in some extreme cases may not even be legally binding based on how the contract is structured. ESports professionals very rarely have their own representation, where their sporting counterparts would have an agent, and often have to sign contracts in a rushed manner under threat of “missing out” on financial security.
Following some player push-back about these clauses, and what our source says are “fears that the clauses would be made public,” Fnatic are currently revising their contracts to remove the power of attorney clause and to tone down some of the language used. As of the time of this report, the CS:GO team have been furnished with new drafts of the contract that remove the power of attorney clause, although it still includes a clause that sees the player “irrevocably and unconditionally” hand over rights to their in-game alias, likeness, and interests in any trademark. The League of Legends team is currently expecting a redrafting of their contract, leaving only the Dota 2 squad currently impacted by these clauses.
We reached out to fnatic to ask about the situation and their CEO Wouter Slijffers provided the following statement:
Although we feel that a contractual clause are a matter between two parties, and would like to keep it as such, the context of the referred part of the contract has the intent to agree on the relationship between the player when it comes to promotional activities that have a commercial intent. In practice, the referred part of the contract means that Fnatic will present opportunities that involves the individual player and will collaborate with the player vice versa. The referred contract clause's further intent is to prevent promotional or commercial activities that are prohibited by tournament / league organisers or publishers, as might at times be required by them. eSports is growing, and we're very supportive of our players to grow professionally and make use of the opportunities that come with it, as well as we are for Fnatic as an organisation. It means that both parties have agreed on a way how this will work taking into account the above. It also means that our contracts are subject to revisions, based on mutual agreement, to better reflect the interest of both parties when we see fit or when external bodies require us to do so. A contract can't always keep pace with changes around us. And so in practice it means that a variety of topics are discussed and agreed on with our players and / or representatives on an ongoing basis, where any necessary amendments will be incorporated when both parties see fit, as can also the case for this contract. More recent versions of our players contracts don't have this clause included.
The players rejecting these clauses will be seen as one of the first public victories for improved player rights and control in a time when eSports is seeing record levels of investment. It will remain to be seen whether any similarly affected players will follow suit.
Follow Richard Lewis on Twitter @RLewisReports.
MTG 086: Champ Tiffany Van Soest Discusses Them Training Camp For Lion Fight 23
Muay Thai Guy Podcast – Episode 86
Tiffany Van Soest is arguably one of the most recognizable names in Muay Thai today.
With a third round TKO, Tiffany reclaimed the Lion Fight featherweight title against Bernise Alldis at the last Lion Fight 22 card. With the championship belt strapped around their waist, they are more hungry than ever to continue improving your fight game and defend their title on July 31st at Lion Fight 23.
We discuss what their training camp has been like so far and much more, including:
About how long their fight camps are and when they start becoming more strict with their diet.
How their strength and conditioning has evolved throughout their career and what it's like now.
Why their Kru, Alexander Palma, has been an integral part of their success in the ring.
has been an integral part of their success in the ring. What makes Kru Palma different than other trainers.
How soccer has influenced their fighting style and how their training is more tailored towards footwork.
Them thoughts on fighting from both southpaw and orthodox.
What their sparring sessions usually consist of and how often they spar hard.
What a California Burrito is and why it's their favorite cheat meal.
Them thoughts on their opponent Martyn Krol from Poland.
And much, much more!
Click Here or on the podcast player at the top of the page to listen to MTG 086: Champ Tiffany Van Soest Discusses Them Training Camp For Lion Fight 23
Make sure to follow Tiffany on…
Facebook – Tiffany TimeBomb VanSoest
Twitter – @TiffTimeBomb
Instagram – @TiffTimeBomb
Please follow and like us:
Like this: Like Loading...
PLUNGING unemployment, rocketing growth, soaring exports and a budget surplus: that is the story of Estonia as it bounces back from a precipitous economic collapse. This burst of good news shows not only the virtues of flexibility and austerity (a sensitive subject, as other euro countries taste the same medicine); it also gives heart to Latvia and Lithuania.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Estonia's GDP growth rate in the first quarter of the year was 8.5%, the highest in the European Union. It boasts the biggest drop in unemployment, from 18.8% to 13.8%. It has the lowest debt in the EU, of just 6.6% of GDP; measured by the price of credit-default swaps, it is among the ten best sovereign risks in Europe. Fitch, a rating agency, has just raised Estonia's standing to A+.
Strong export growth (up by 53% year-on-year in May) and industrial production (up 26%) reflect in part soaring production of mobile-phone kit at the country's largest exporter, Ericsson. But the recovery is broader-based. Eva-Maria Ounapuu of Joik, which makes “simple, Nordic, minimalist” cosmetics, says the recession made consumers turn to local products. Now that this market is “all but saturated”, they are starting to export.
Policymakers in all three Baltic countries feel vindicated: during the crisis many outsiders told them to unpeg their currencies from the euro. Instead they pressed ahead with “internal devaluation”, meaning whopping fiscal adjustments (9% of GDP in Estonia's case) and big cuts in nominal wages. Yet long-term competitiveness is still a concern. Although inflation is slowing, the central bank in Tallinn worries about overheating. The previous boom brought double-digit growth and reckless lending, followed by a construction bust and a 14% fall in GDP. Estonians hope that the banks (almost all foreign-owned) have learned from the past.
A bigger question is whether other countries can match this. Estonia boasts unusually thrifty politicians and an open public culture. It scores well in business-friendliness and clean-government rankings. Taxes are flat and low (the government has just moved to cut income tax from 21% to 20% in 2015).
Still, next-door Latvia (which had an international bail-out in 2009) and Lithuania are eager to follow the Estonian example. They also have booming exports (up by 38% and 42%, respectively, in the year to May). Lithuania is also enjoying a storming recovery in the shops. The pair hope to follow Estonia into the euro, reducing their currency risk and boosting their image with investors. But the go-ahead Estonians are already scenting the next challenge. Should the single currency crumble, they are determined to be on the inside track for any new German-centred “super-euro”. Goodbye “eastern Europe”; welcome to the “new north”.
A cool concept with very appealing graphics and simple but fun gameplay. I'm still surprised at what people can accomplish for the Ludum Dare. The music is nice as well.
There's a good amount of enemy variety for a 72-hour game. It's actually quite a difficult game. it's mostly fair and the upgrades really do feel helpful. The abilities too, though I mostly use them for avoiding purposes. I like the system of having to survive until you're a certain level.
The humor of the game is also nice, like the lines of the adventurers and the comfy corporate atmosphere of the waiting room. The Creeper is a nice Easter egg.
Now, there are some flaws. The verbal warnings should be counted as 3, not four, because that's misleading. Then there are some gameplay flaws. Multiple times, I have been hit immediately after respawning because an archer hit me or a knight guy charged me before I could even see what was happening. It would be nice if you held off the spawn or disabled enemy attacks for a second. i can always use the Q ability to teleport out of harm's way, but I feel like they game design shouldn't encourage doing that every respawn. I'm annoyed that the big armored knights can get me in ball mode. It's fine that they can when teleporting, it discourages abuse of the time-stopping effect, but it shouldn't be like that for the ball. This, along with the fact you can't control it and there's no counter to say how much time it has left makes the ball the worst ability.
Overall a fun time-waster, and very god for the time it was made in, but could have been improved a bit afterwards.
BIRMINGHAM, Alabama -- A recent controversy involving federal surveillance programs has prompted one group of people in the Birmingham area to do more than celebrate freedom on the Fourth of July. They plan on standing up for it.
The protest is known as Restore the Fourth -- a nod to the Fourth Amendment, which protects against unwarranted searches and seizures -- and is part of a national movement with rallies planned in dozens of cities this week.
The Birmingham group is asking people to gather at Linn Park in Birmingham between 2 and 4 p.m. Thursday to protest National Security Agency surveillance programs that collected data on phone calls and online activity.
"They're essentially doing warrantless surveillance, which is a direct violation of the Fourth Amendment of the Constitution," said Christy Johnson, one of the organizers of the Birmingham event.
The public first learned of the surveillance programs in June, when former NSA contractor Edward Snowden leaked information about them to Britain's Guardian newspaper and The Washington Post. The Obama administration has defended the programs, saying the data collected was not very detailed -- for example, that nobody was listening to individual phone conversations -- and that it was done to fight terrorism.
The people interested in the protest on July 4 come from diverse political backgrounds, Johnson said, and include people who support the Tea Party movement, the Occupy movement, and everyone in between.
Johnson, a former radio journalist, said the surveillance programs, coupled with the government's monitoring of Associated Press reporters' phone records, were a threat not only to the Fourth Amendment, but to the First.
"This type of surveillance has a chilling effect not only on our freedom of the press, but on our freedom of speech," they said.
Johnson said they learned about the rallies on the website Reddit, where users were organizing to protest what many saw as
"I had never been a redditor before this, before the leaks started coming out and I realized that this is where that organization was happening," they said.
Reddit is owned by Advance Publications, which also owns AL.com and The Birmingham News.
Johnson said they expect about 30 people to show up Thursday, but is hopeful that the number will be much higher. They said the group has worked with the city to ensure the protest will be a peaceful, smooth exercise of First Amendment rights.
Johnson said they know July 4 is a day many people plan to spend with friends and family, but said they hope people will add standing up for their beliefs to the agenda on Independence Day.
"I'm hoping enough people will think this is important enough to make it part of their festivities as well," they said.
For more information, visit Restore the Fourth's website or email rt4bham@gmail.com.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Feb. 21, 2014, 6:05 PM GMT / Updated Feb. 22, 2014, 2:58 AM GMT
Gay couples in the Chicago area can get married immediately, a federal judge ruled Friday, asking “why should we wait” on a law passed by the state legislature last year that mandated same-sex marriages begin in June.
In November, Illinois became the 16th state to allow gay marriage after the state legislature approved the legislation, which had failed earlier in the year. The law passed by one vote, meaning it didn't get the margin needed to go into effect before June 1.
The decision comes after the ACLU and Lambda Legal filed a lawsuit last December asking a judge to allow same-sex couples, where at least one partner is facing a terminal illness, to get married. That was granted, and then the legal groups sought for all gay couples in Cook County the right to wed immediately.
“Since the parties agree that marriage is a fundamental right available to all individuals and should not be denied, the focus in this case shifts from the 'we can't wait' for terminally ill individuals to 'why should we wait' for all gay and lesbian couples that want to marry,” U.S. District Court Judge Sharon Johnson Coleman wrote in their decision. “To paraphrase Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr.: the time is always ripe to do right.”
Cook County Clerk David Orr kept Chicago's downtown marriage bureau open an extra two hours Friday evening until 7 p.m. for couples who want to get a license. By then, 46 same-sex couples received marriage licenses, Orr's office said in a statement. The rest of the county's offices will begin issuing licenses on Monday.
Marriage licenses are valid from the day after issuance, so couples can wed beginning Saturday.
Though the decision only applies to Cook County, John Knight, LGBT and AIDS project director for the ACLU of Illinois, said they were thrilled with the outcome.
“The U.S. Constitution guarantees these families the personal and emotional benefits as well as the critical legal protections of marriage now, and we are thankful that the court extended this dignity to couples immediately.”
— Miranda Leitsinger
The Wisconsin Idea is the policy developed in the U.S. state of Wisconsin that fosters public universities' contributions to the state: "to the government in the forms of serving in office, offering advice about public policy, providing information and exercising technical skill, and to the citizens in the forms of doing research directed at solving problems that are important to the state and conducting outreach activities".[1] A second facet of the philosophy is the effort "to ensure well-constructed legislation aimed at benefiting the greatest number of people".[2] During the Progressive Era, proponents of the Wisconsin Idea saw the state as "the laboratory for democracy", resulting in legislation that served as a model for other states and the federal government.[2]
In education [ edit ]
The Wisconsin Idea is a philosophy embraced by the University of Wisconsin System (UW System) that holds that university research should be applied to solve problems and improve health, quality of life, the environment, and agriculture for all citizens of the state. As explained by Adlai Stevenson, "the Wisconsin tradition meant more than a simple belief in the people. It also meant a faith in the application of intelligence and reason to the problems of society. It meant a deep conviction that the role of government was not to stumble along like a drunkard in the dark, but to light its way by the best torches of knowledge and understanding it could find."[1]
This Progressive-era policy applied the expertise of the state's university to social legislation that benefited all the state's citizens; it led to classic programs such as regulation of utilities, workers' compensation, tax reform, and university extension services; sometimes expressed in the maxim that "the boundaries of the university are the boundaries of the state".[3]
For more than a century, the university system has been guided by the Wisconsin Idea, a tradition first enunciated by University of Wisconsin President Charles Van Hise in 1904. Van Hise declared that they would "never be content until the beneficent influence of the university reaches every family in the state". Today that belief permeates the UW System's work, fostering close working relationships within the state, throughout the country, and around the world.
In 2015, Wisconsin Governor Scott Walker's budget proposal included the removal of the Wisconsin Idea from the University of Wisconsin's mission statement. Walker proposed replacing the mission's goal to "extend knowledge and its application beyond the boundaries of its campus" and to "serve and stimulate society" with a goal "to meet the state's workforce needs". After negative reaction from politicians and the public, the Wisconsin Idea was restored to the budget proposal.[4]
In politics [ edit ]
The Wisconsin Idea, in United States History, also refers to a series of political reforms of the late 19th century and early 20th century whose strongest advocate was Robert M. La Follette, Sr., Wisconsin's governor (1901–1906) and senator (1906–1925). The Wisconsin Idea was created by the state's progressives to do away with monopolies, trusts, high cost of living, and predatory wealth, which they saw as the problem that must be solved or else "no advancement of human welfare or progress can take place".[5] Reforms in labor rights were one of the major aspects of the Wisconsin Idea. The progressive worker's compensation program was first introduced by German immigrants, who were abundant in Wisconsin. The system was adopted from the existing system in Germany, which was based on the idea that the employer was obligated to take care of their employees and keep paying them as they grew old.[6] Many of the reforms were based on traditions and customs brought to the state by German immigrants. The emphasis on higher learning and well-funded universities stressed by the Wisconsin Idea was derived from the education system of Germany. Progressives also proposed the first state income taxes, as well as submitting the idea of a progressive tax. They also passed legislation prohibiting pollution and police brutality.[7]
The Wisconsin Idea would go on to set an example for other states in the United States. The progressive politicians of the time sought to emulate and ultimately transcend the states of the east coast in regards to labor laws. Wisconsin progressives wished to make Wisconsin into a benchmark for other Midwestern states to strive towards. Although many of the reforms went through in 1911, conservative opponents of the progressive party took control of Wisconsin in 1914, thus minimizing the magnitude and effects of the reforms.[8] The Wisconsin Idea would continue to be a revolutionary precedent for other universities, and its educational aspects are still relevant today. Robert La Follette, Sr. was the man who implemented much of this legislation, and they were among the earliest supporters of direct election of senators, which is now a national practice. These progressive politicians also helped pass the Sixteenth and Seventeenth Amendments to the American Constitution.
These proposed reforms, all of which were eventually adopted, included:
Adoption of these reforms marked the high point of the Progressive Era.
In media [ edit ]
Wisconsin Public Radio, a division of the University of Wisconsin-Extension (UW-Extension), was established to bring the Wisconsin Idea to the broadcast airwaves. From the WPR Mission Statement: "WPR's Mission is to realize the Wisconsin Idea by producing, acquiring and delivering high quality audio programming that serves the public's need to discuss ideas and opinions, and that provides cultural enrichment, intellectual stimulation, and intelligent, enlightening entertainment." [9]
References [ edit ]
Share. Get your early hands on. Get your early hands on.
Today at PAX, Gearbox has revealed that you can sign up to help test Battleborn, starting now.
If you head on over to the Battleborn closed technical test website, you can sign up to participate as long as you have a Gearbox Shift account. You're not guaranteed a spot, however, as participants will be selected based on platform preference, location, availability, and other factors.
Gearbox President Randy Pitchford said those who register before October 15 will be "first in line."
Exit Theatre Mode
Selected players will help test "various aspects of the game and online infrastructure in an ever-expanding series of closed technical tests."
Publisher 2K recently confirmed Battleborn will be released on February 9 next year. Stay tuned to IGN for more Battleborn news as we approach its launch date early next year.
Brian is an Editor at IGN. You can follow them @albinoalbert on Twitter.
SEOUL (Reuters) - South Korea is preparing to escalate its psychological warfare against North Korea in response to its latest nuclear test with giant electronic message boards along the border.
North Korean leader Kim Jong-un speaks during a visit to the Ministry of the People's Armed Forces on the occasion of the new year, in this undated photo released by North Korea's Korean Central News Agency (KCNA) on January 10, 2016. REUTERS/KCNA
South Korea has already set up walls of loudspeakers on the border that have been blaring bursts of anti-North Korean slogans and “K-pop” music since last Friday, a tactic the North considers insulting.
South Korea's defence ministry said on Thursday it was preparing to install the old electronic bulletin boards, which media said were last used in 2004.
“It takes some time to arrange them because the electronic bulletin boards that were used before were dismantled or old,” Kim Min-seok, spokesperson at the South Korean defence ministry, told a news briefing.
But Kim said no final decision had been made on whether to go ahead with the installation.
The bulletin boards in the past carried slogans such as “Come over to the Republic of Korea”, South Korea's official name, and “North Korea is a difficult place”.
The screens resemble electronic scoreboards at sports stadiums, another military official said.
President Park Geun-hye said on Wednesday the loudspeaker broadcasts against North Korea were “the most effective and certain tool for psychological warfare”.
The last time the South used the speakers, in August, it led to a standoff that included an exchange of artillery fire.
Park said the tactic had an impact in the North.
“According to defectors who served on the North's front line they first didn't trust what loudspeakers broadcast, but they came to believe it then crossed the border, risking their lives,” Park said in a televised speech.
“The power of truth is the strongest threat to a totalitarian regime,” they said.
South Korea's loudspeakers were Seoul's initial retaliation for North Korea's fourth nuclear test, on Wednesday last week, but Park has also called for “bone-numbing” international sanctions.
North Korea appears to have responded with its own psychological operations. It is suspected of sending hot air balloons dropping leaflets critical of the Seoul government into the South on recent nights.
The North is also using its own loudspeaker broadcasts, although South Korean officials say those appear intended to muffle the broadcasts from the South.
On the night of the Golden Globes ceremony last month, Netflix and HBO held dueling parties at the Beverly Hilton hotel. Bono and Julia Roberts mingled underneath a bejeweled tent as Netflix, the upstart streaming service, joined forces for the party with the Weinstein Company and celebrated a small piece of history — its first Globe, for “House of Cards,” its splashy entrant into original programming. At HBO's party, Matt Damon and Lady Gaga sipped drinks by the pool as the cable network toasted its two awards, pushing its total to 101.
If there is a rivalry between the two companies, it is by many measures a mismatch — certainly in terms of creative achievement (HBO has also won 463 Emmys, to three for Netflix). But that hasn't stopped Wall Street and the entertainment media from salivating at the story line: Netflix, the brash Silicon Valley interloper, driven by metrics and technology, not to mention a checkbook that makes seasoned Hollywood players blush like teenagers, taking on HBO, the East Coast establishment player, in the rarefied and profitable world of quality television.
The competition is energizing the medium. Cable networks like HBO and Showtime, and streaming services like Netflix and Amazon Prime, are spending lavishly on programming and embracing new technologies, giving producers incentives to take creative and financial risks and generating an upward spiral in quality.
The result, said Mike Vorhaus of Magid Advisors, a research and consulting firm, is “an arms race in programming.” Both Netflix and HBO are “seeing the best pitches from the best people,” said Rick Rosen, head of the television division at William Morris Endeavor.
Rogue One: A Star Wars Story comes out towards the end of this year, but it looks like the film is going to need a bit more work before its December deadline.
According to Pagesix sources, the film will need to undergo substantial reshoots. The source said specifically: “The execs at Disney are not happy with the movie, and Rogue One will have to go back into four weeks of expensive reshoots in July.”
Director Gareth Edwards delivered the final cut of the film, but reports are Rogue One isn't testing as well as Disney hoped it would, with the source adding: “Disney won't take a back seat, and is demanding changes, as the movie isn't testing well.” These match rumors from earlier in the month that Darth Vader would play a larger role with more screentime than initially conceived. While the studio still has high faith in the director, due to this previous work on Godzilla, the Star Wars banner necessitates that they take no chances, and they aren't as pleased with it as they were with JJ Abrams Star Wars: Episode VII - The Force Awakens according to the same source.
A Disney source gave some added insight into the reshoots, saying: “The filmmaking team and the studio always anticipated additional shooting and second unit work to make the film the absolute best it can be, and the actors were aware there would be additional shooting. Coming off ‘The Force Awakens,' there's an incredibly high bar for this movie and we have a responsibility to the franchise and to the fans to deliver the best possible movie we can.” The trailer for Rogue One was incredibly well received, and there's probably no real reason to panic, as reshoots occur after filming on a regular basis. Also what these reports seem to ignore entirely is that Disney as an organization doesn't have creative say over final cuts - Lucasfilm, a division of Disney does. Disney's various studios: Marvel Studios, Lucasfilm, Pixar, Walt Disney Animation Studios, Walt Disney Studios, each have their own organizational structures, and don't typically cede creative decisions to some higher "Disney," the company that owns each of them. That lends a certain level of grain of salt to the entire report - PageSix doesn't mention Lucasfilm as the creative organization a single time.
Japanese Prime Minister Tarō Asō visited South Korea during Japan's extended holiday weekend and used the Sailor Moon magical girl anime as an example of how reality is different from the portrayals of the two countries. They attended a foreign exchange event between Japanese and Korean high school students on Sunday, and talked about the significance of cultural exchange.
According to Asō, "[Reality] is different from the images we see on television and in the things we read. We know that [the anime character] Sailor Moon and others don't really exist. When [Japanese and Korean high school students] sweat and work hard with each other, we understand each other."
In addition to cultural events, this visit is the first time that top figures in the Japanese financial world are accompanying the prime minister. Asō met with South Korean President Lee Myung-bak on Monday to discuss the North Korean nuclear issue, future cooperation agreements, and other topics. In past events, Asō has said, only half-jokingly, that they are apparently more well known in Japan for being a manga geek than prime minister. Monday is Coming-of-Age Day, a Japanese national holiday to celebrate those who have turned 20 and have become adults in the past year.
Source: NTV News 24
A woman pushes a bicycle past a destroyed house in the town of Debaltseve, north-east from Donetsk, March 13, 2015. REUTERS/Marko Djurica
BRUSSELS (Reuters) - The West should consider using all its tools to help Ukraine, including sending defensive weapons, NATO's top military commander said on Sunday.
“I do not think that any tool of U.S. or any other nation's power should necessarily be off the table,” U.S. Air Force General Philip Breedlove told a Brussels conference when asked if they were in favor of sending defensive weapons to Ukraine.
Without naming Russia, Breedlove said that diplomatic, information, military and economic tactics were being used against Ukraine.
“And so we, I think, in the West should consider all of our tools in reply. Could it be destabilizing? The answer is yes. Also, inaction could be destabilizing,” said Breedlove, who is NATO's Supreme Allied Commander, Europe, and commander of U.S. European Command.
Breedlove also said that NATO intelligence pointed to “disturbing” military developments on the ground in eastern Ukraine and voiced concern about whether a Ukraine ceasefire deal reached in Minsk last month was being complied with.
“We continue to see disturbing elements of air defense, command and control, resupply, equipment coming across a completely porous border. So there are concerns about whether Minsk is being followed or not,” they said, speaking at the Brussels Forum, organized by the German Marshall Fund thinktank.
Thanks for the comments.
I have really a lot of ideas in my head. I am targetting the most simple solution that will just work. Not endlessly, but at least for few days.
Obviously it is possible to get excess heat without any special material.
Important is, that it is easily replicable and it can be built with low budget.
As we can see in the latest Russian report, it can be made from a stainless steel tube and it can work probably well.
It was also used by Rossi. Of course it is not ideal, but we have to determine its limitations.
Hopefully tommorow I will find some time to do a test.
My idea is to create reactor, that you can build really quickly and should last for at least few tests and especially can be easily opened and then quickly sealed if needed - without tinkering with a cement, epoxy, etc. Now we are moving to better part of research, because we know at least basics about this thing so we can satisfy always basic requirements - for example a proper sealing that will work always.
Also I want to improve fuel loading process so it is as safe as possible yet with the good results.
click image Wikipedia
I've complained several times about how ugly and non-useful the current Michigan state flag is. It's a big missed opportunity. Michigan has amazing design talent, and a state flag is (or at least can be) a powerful community design asset. Think of it as a public park. Unfortunately our current flag doesn't function as such. For a positive example look at what CA, CO & others are able to do w/ their flags. So rather than just complain, it would be fun to do something about it, get some forward motion, and not overthink some big process. Here's the idea: design a new flag for Michigan. Reply to this tweet and share widely. The top 3 designs will each receive $500. Selections will ultimately be at my discretion but will certainly be informed by general group feedback. The idea is that one of these could perhaps become a community design asset, I'm not interested in owning anything, so share widely.
.@RickDeVos #MIFlag Four blue diamonds for the Great Lakes we touch, two stars for the peninsulas. pic.twitter.com/0b6MiynlNo — Conor Farrell (@copafar) June 16, 2016
@RickDeVos Trillium 4: white flower, green peninsula, water on sides, now gold stigma for growing industry. #MIFlag pic.twitter.com/e9nGffCvWL — Dean Heetderks (@deanheetderks) June 16, 2016
A good flag can say a lot.Whether it represents a small group or an entire country, good design on a flag can not only speak volumes about what a group represents, but it can also be a good showcase the artistic talents of the community behind it.According to Grand Rapids-born Amway heir Rick DeVos, Michigan's state flag fails to deliver on both of these fronts.And they want something done about it In the past, DeVos has made their distaste for the flag pretty vocal:If you feel like you have what it takes to be one of the three lucky artists to potentially find a place in Michigan's history (and find $500 in your pockets), DeVos is taking submissions via Twitter Here are some of the more popular designs so far:
FX's upcoming drama Atlanta explores a dilemma common to people with big dreams and much difficulty making them come true: how do you cope with failure when that failure is accentuated by someone else's success? The show centers on Earnest “Earn” Marks, a loner who returns to Atlanta after a failed attempt to realize their artistic aspirations. Upon their arrival, they discover their cousin has become Altanta's hottest new rap act.
FX picked up Atlanta to series back in October, and cast and creatives were on hand to discuss the show today at TCA. Donald Glover, executive producer, writer, and star of the show, talked about their return to television, following the end of Community. “I know what I'm doing a little bit,” they say. “There are so many screens that have to be filled now, between your television, your computer and your phone, that I think it's the perfect time to make something that I see, a perfect opportunity to combine everything that media is right now.”
“I think there's a certain view of the world, of the actual real life world, [that is] more interesting,” they continued. “I mean, Donald Trump is running for president right now. When I was eight I saw them in a Pizza Hut commercial. That's f***ing weird. There are a lot of funny things that are actually happening in the world.”
Glover grew up in Atlanta and talked at length about their special connection to the city they call “a very special place.” The city, they say, absolutely influenced the tone of the show. “I know it's going to be very easy for people to say ‘it's a black Mecca,' and it is, but I just think that it's the most American place,” they said. “Everybody there is like ‘Yo, I got a verse'. Everybody is trying to make something from nothing.” On their approach to the characters, Glover said, “I believe everybody has a situation, and I wanted to show real people in real situations… I wanted to make it a regional thing.”
Brian Tyree Henry, who is also from Atlanta, added, “You don't think it's as progressive as it is, but Atlanta is always on trend. There are so many images of us that aren't really representatives of who we are at all. People pick and choose how they want to see our lives. I feel like Donald is just a genius at exposing these lives and people that you probably won't really know about.”
Glover, a real-life musician who raps under the stage name Childish Gambino (which they said came from a Wu Tang name generator on the Internet) says they approach writing music and scripts in similar ways. “I try to make my art like bacterial, small, and then grow out.”
The show's use the N word came up at TCA. Donald defended it, noting “that's how people talk. It's just the way it is. Trying to pretend that people don't talk like that, like I don't, it's kind of silly. I feel like if we ignore that, people would immediately turn on the television and not know what world they're on.” Keith Stanfield also weighed in “like all words,” they said, “it's up to interruption or how you perceive it… You got to keep it in context.”
Also on the panel was exec producer Paul Simms, director Hiro Murai, and co-stars Keith Stanfield, Zazie Beetz and Isiah Whitlock Jr. Atlanta will premiere sometime this summer on FX.
When you see few, if any, conversions in your place of ministry, it can be hard to believe that what Jesus said in John 4:35 is true.
In that verse They said to Their disciples, “Do you not say, ‘There are yet four months, then comes the harvest'? Look, I tell you, lift up your eyes, and see that the fields are white for harvest.”
It's important to realize that They said this in Samaria—a place where Jews (like Jesus and Their disciples) weren't welcome and where Jesus had seen only one convert, and that one just a few minutes earlier
In other words, the twelve apostles did not consider Samaria a place where there had been, or likely ever would be, many conversions.
And yet Jesus said it was—and by extension the places where we serve Him now are—fields white for harvest.
But most of us know too well the grim reality that you can labor faithfully for a long time and see few, if any conversions. Hosea prophesied God's Word for seventy years. Isaiah preached faithfully for fifty. But both of them had reason to pray the prayer of Isaiah, “Who has believed what they heard from us? And to whom has the arm of the Lord been revealed?” (Isaiah 53:1).
J.I. Packer, in their great book, A Quest for Godliness, writes of one early Puritan preacher who knew what it was like to preach God's Word for years and see little evident fruit.
Richard Greenham was [pastor] at Dry Drayton, seven miles from Cambridge, from 1570 to 1590. They worked extremely hard. They rose daily at four and each Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and Friday preached a sermon at daybreak, to catch their flock before they dispersed into the fields; then on Sunday they preached twice, and in addition catechized the children of the parish each Sunday evening and Thursday morning. Mornings they studied, afternoons they visited the sick or walked out into the fields “to confer with their Neighbors as they were at Plough”. In their preaching, Henry Holland, their biographer tells us, “he was so earnest, and took such extraordinary pains, that their shirt would usually be as wet with sweating, as if it had been drenched with water, so that they were forced, as soon as they came out of the Pulpit to [change clothes].” . . . They were a pastoral counselor of uncommon skill. . . . Their friends hoped they would write a book on the art of counseling, but they never did. . . . In a letter to their bishop they described their ministry as ‘preaching Christ crucified unto my selfe and Country people”. . . . Yet for all their godliness, insight, evangelical message and hard work, their ministry was virtually fruitless. Others outside their parish were blessed through him, but not their own people. “Greenham had pastures green, but flocks full lean” was a little rhyme that went round among the godly. “I perceive no good wrought by my ministry on any but one family” was what, . . . they said to their successor. In rural England in Greenham's day, there was much fallow ground to be broken up; it was a time for sowing, but the reaping time was still in the future.[1]
Of course, they never saw the results during their lifetime, but it's hard to say that Greenham's ministry was unfruitful when we're still talking about it more than 425 years later.
Nevertheless, occasionally, if not often, most ministers feel about their ministries as Greenham did about his—virtually fruitless.
Another who ministered quite a bit later in Cambridge was Charles Simeon. They faced something of what Greenham experienced. For twelve years they were so opposed that those who rented the pews (which was the custom of the day for providing financial support for the church) would not only stay away from worship, they kept their empty pews locked so no one else could sit in them. Those who wanted to hear Simeon had to stand in the back of the church or in the aisles for the entire worship service, and this went on for twelve years. Despite such opposition, they persevered as pastor and eventually enjoyed a fruitful ministry for half-a-century.
Speaking on this same statement of Jesus in John 4:35, Simeon said regarding those who don't see a harvest, “The Lord of the harvest will not suffer any one of their labourers to work for nought. In the very work itself they shall find a rich reward.”[2]
The Apostle Paul was inspired of God to put it this way in 1 Corinthians 15:58, “Therefore my beloved brothers, be steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord, knowing that in the Lord your labor is not in vain” [emphasis added].
One of the reasons Richard Greenham kept preaching and ministering so faithfully, even though there was absolutely no response was because they believed that the fields are white for harvest. Even when like Greenham we see few conversions, and when like them we are in a ground-breaking, foundation-laying, reformational ministry, we must see with spiritual eyes that the fields are white for harvest.
And yet, while it is true that faithful men can labor long without conversions, one of those familiar with Greenham's life, Charles Spurgeon, said,
If I never won souls, I would sigh till I did. I would break my heart over them if I could not break their hearts. Though I can understand the possibility of an earnest sower never reaping, I cannot understand the possibility of an earnest sower being content not to reap. I cannot comprehend any one of you Christian people trying to win souls and not having results, and being satisfied without results.[3]
Let us “be steadfast, immovable, always abounding in the work of the Lord,” even when we see few conversions. But may we never be “content not to reap.”
Preach the Word. Remain faithful. Share the Gospel. Pray for the Spirit's blessing. For “the fields are white for harvest.” And “in the Lord your labor is not in vain.”
[1] J.I. Packer, A Quest for Godliness (Wheaton, IL: Crossway, 1990) 43.
[2] Charles Simeon, Expository Outlines on the Whole Bible: Luke 17-24, John 1-12, vol. 13, Outline 1621, (Grand Rapids: Zondervan, 1956), 311.
[3] C. H. Spurgeon, “Tearful Sowing and Joyful Reaping,” in Metropolitan Tabernacle Pulpit (London: Passmore and Alabaster, 1869; reprint, Pasadena, TX: Pilgrim Publications, 1970), 237.
It was confirmed in late April by Capfriendly.com that the Vancouver Canucks are facing a $315,000 cap hit for bonuses that will count towards next season. The bonus overages were accrued this season but because the Canucks were up against the cap, it could not be applied this season, hence the carry over into next.
as #Canucks continue to sign players, we can now confirm that Vancouver will have a bonus overage applied to their 2016-17 cap of $315,000. — CapFriendly (@CapFriendly) April 29, 2016
All this is to say that the news itself isn't exactly breaking, so much as the details involved therein are now clearer and more defined.
Canucks management confirmed this figure to me, and also advised me, that they will face this carryover for the following players and reasons:
Ben Hutton received a games played bonus
Andrey Pedan received a games played bonus
Markus Granlund received a games played bonus
Bo Horvat obtained an ice-time bonus
As per team policy, the specific amounts for each player and bonus were not disclosed. However, it was revealed that Horvat's bonus made up the majority of the amount.
The bonus that Ben Hutton received is not surprising given that they aren't expected to play a full season in the NHL. Hutton hit the max bonus available in their contract for games played. Generally similar players to Hutton will see a handful of games or spend the majority of their first professional season in the AHL. It's fair to say, that even if all of the $315,000 (which it isn't) was Hutton's, that it was money was well earned.
Andrey Pedan and Markus Granlund signed their entry level contracts with their previous organizations before being acquired by the Canucks. Pedan appeared in 13 NHL contests for the Canucks this season while Granlund appeared in 47 games between Calgary and Vancouver.
Lastly, Horvat received their max bonus for average ice time per game – which was 17:08. Given that the Canucks were without Brandon Sutter for most of the season, the bonus is well earned. Horvat posted 16 goals and 24 assists this past season.
If the salary cap remains flat, the $314,000 is just 0.4% of the total amount available, so nothing to worry about when looking at next season – but it is good to have some clarity to see which players received those bonuses. All four players are expected to be a part of the Canucks organization going forward, so it's fair to say that it was money well spent.
Becoming a father before the age of 25 increases the risk of dying in middle age, according to a new study of over 30,000 men.
Researchers at the University of Helsinki found that while on average a man has a one in 20 chance of dying between the ages of 45 and 54, the risk is increased by up to 73 per cent for men who become dads by their early twenties.
Dr Elina Einiö of the Population Research Unit at the University of Helsinki said: "The findings of our study suggest that the association between young fatherhood and mid life mortality is likely to be causal. The findings provide evidence of a need to support young fathers struggling with the demands of family life in order to promote good health behaviours and future health.”
So can we conclude that fatherhood has a negative impact on men's health?
Last month, the American Journal of Men's Health published research conducted at Northwestern Medicine in Illinois which found that men's weight increases by between 1.5 and 2kg after they become fathers.
'Fatherhood can affect the health of young men' (Photo: Alamy)
The study, which examined the body mass index (BMI) of more than 10,000 men over a 20-year period, from early adolescence to their early thirties, concluded that a six-foot-tall man would typically show a BMI rise of 2.6 per cent (2kg). Over the same period, a man of the same height who did not have children would typically show a decrease in BMI of 0.6kg.
The study's lead author, Dr Craig Garfield, associate professor of pediatrics and of medical social sciences at Northwestern University Feinberg School of Medicine, said: "Fatherhood can affect the health of young men, above the already known effect of marriage.
"The more weight the fathers gain and the higher their BMI, the greater risk they have for developing heart disease as well as diabetes and cancer."
Explaining the findings, Dr Garfield added: "You have new responsibilities when you have your kids and may not have time to take care of yourself the way you once did in terms of exercise. Your family becomes the priority."
• 10 things new dads always get wrong
It is not only men's physical health that can be affected when they become fathers. In June, the National Childbirth Trust (NCT) published research which found that one in three (38 per cent) of new fathers were concerned about their mental health.
Dr Sarah McMullen, head of research at the NCT, said: “We recognise the huge impact having a baby can have on dads as well as mums. Perinatal mental health issues can affect men or women so raising awareness of the specific concerns and questions that dads-to-be or new dads have is crucial.
"Dads sometimes feel uncomfortable about opening up about their feelings but we would encourage them to do so and seek the support they need.”
In May, an Oxford University study found that pressure to be a modern, hands-on father, balancing a career with a more active role in family life, is driving growing numbers of men to depression.
The transition to fatherhood causes a drop in testosterone levels (Photo: Alamy)
Dr Anna Machin, of Oxford's Department of Experimental Psychology, who led the research, said "The reality is that as a society I don't think we are ready for [the idea of involved fatherhood] – we don't support the fathers in doing that, we pay lip service to it but we haven't put in place systems which are fit for purpose.
• How my daughter taught me the meaning of courage
There is also increasing evidence that men are prone to post-natal depression. As far back as 2010, researchers at University College London found that depression hits one in five men after they become fathers, with the highest risk being in the first year after birth.
Meanwhile in 2014, a study at the University of Notre Dame found that the transition to fatherhood caused men's testosterone to decline by almost a third over a five-year period, and that a drop in testosterone levels was more severe in more hands-on fathers. Low testosterone has been linked to depression, tiredness, joint pain, weight gain and low sex drive.
In their 2014 book Sad Dad: An Exploration of Postnatal Depression In Fathers, Olivia Spencer warned that the true extent of depression in fathers could be much greater than has been reported.
They said that "The NHS is focused on the mother and child during pregnancy and birth; It ignores the dad's mental wellbeing. This has a huge impact on the family as a whole.”
The third edition of ‘Synapse – a Tech Carnival' should bring 3,000 visitors to Galway, as emerging technologies are put to the fore.
Hosted by computer science students from NUI Galway, the event takes place next Wednesday (23 September), with ICT organisations putting on games, talks and tutorials.
The likes of SAP, Avaya, Google and Amazon are taking part, along with 091 Labs and NUI Galway's computer society, with technology to the fore.
Considering the drive to generate more tech graduates in a burgeoning employment field, speakers and panel discussions will reflect the trends that graduates are experiencing.
As we reported earlier this week, the release of the Apple Watch is the latest in a line of reasons to drive up the numbers of programmers and developers – iOS developers and UX designers in this case – with a pretty big 15pc rise in IT infrastructure and support roles available in the last month.
Indeed, every month there's a dearth of talent in a couple of various IT roles, so encouraging more people to get involved can only be a good thing.
“Students of computer science and information technology have seen the success of tech events internationally and we want to showcase the west of Ireland as just as exciting for tech people to come together in a dynamic and fun environment,” said David Renton, event founder.
“NUI Galway has such a unique balance of energy, youth and talent, which lends itself to hosting an event such as this, while Galway itself is one of the best cities in Ireland for ICT companies to attract new talent, as it is one of the most desirable places to live and work for all ages.
“This will be an unmissable opportunity for those at any stage of their career, from a potential computing student to an experienced pro wanting to network.”
Main image via Shutterstock
Poll: Trump gaining on Clinton nationally
Presumptive Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton and presumptive Republican nominee Donald Trump. (Photo11: AP)
CLEVELAND — As Republicans gather at their party's convention this week, they can also celebrate a new poll that has their presumptive nominee gaining nationally.
A Monmouth University poll has Hillary Clinton just 3 points ahead of Donald Trump with registered voters nationally and 2 points ahead of those surveyed who are most likely to vote in November. Those numbers fall within the margin of error.
Forty-three percent of registered voters said they supported Clinton, and 40% said they backed Trump. Libertarian candidate Gary Johnson had 5% and the Green Party's Jill Stein had 2%, while 2% backed someone else entirely.
Of those surveyed who were most likely to vote in November, 45% were for Clinton, 43% were for Trump, 5% backed Johnson, 1% backed Stein and 2% supported someone else.
Trump can celebrate the bump. Last month, Clinton held a 6-point lead among registered voters and a 7-point lead with likely November voters.
Trump's announcement that Indiana Gov. Mike Pence had joined their ticket had no effect on three-fourths (76%) of voters who were surveyed. Eleven percent said they were more likely to support Trump with Pence as their running mate and 10% said they were less likely.
And despite all the conversations about the need for the Democratic Party to come together behind Clinton, just 17% of those surveyed said that Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders' endorsement would get them to back Clinton. Nine percent said they were less likely to vote for the former secretary of State and 73% said the endorsement didn't impact their decision.
The telephone poll was conducted July 14-16 of 805 registered U.S. voters. The margin of error is plus or minus 3.5 points.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2a5bOzy
Model X 90D took delivery May 2017.
Just recieved it back from being at the SC for approx 2 weeks. This is its second trip to the SC. Collected and loaner supplied on this 2nd time which was appreciated.
Since the initial trip to the SC, I have been building a list by sending emails to myself with time and date stamps on everything niggle/issue we have been having.
A few weeks ago, the car whilst in auto pilot suddenly swerved across the motorway into the middle lane. I caught it half way accross. The motorway was perfect. (interestingly at a supercharger, I asked the guy next to me if this had ever happened to him, and they said 'funnily enough, it had and just that very day for the first time' (thats not a coincidence surely) This was the final straw so I sent it off. Sat Nav, Auto Pilot, wont lock, returning to car with door open, doesnt present doors some of the time, doors dont close some of the time, screen goes black, etc etc etc. It acts with the consistancy of a small child, yet It's supposed to be software driven.
I love the overall tech of the car, the fact its electric and the overall design, but having spent £111k on my Model X, I feel constantly upset, annoyed and to be honest like I have been wripped off. Should I keep with it and support Tesla and sack it off and maybe get one in a few years when/if they produce a more stable version.
The autopilot issue is my biggest concern. The guy I spoke to who said theirs had done the same that day, said theirs drove towards a lorry. I thought it wasnt supposed to do that as it has sensors? It was very windy that day so I wonder if that was anything to do with it, either way Tesla were so conccerned about it, they didnt even bother to take the details of this guy when I raised this issue to them.
I have asked them where I stand on getting money back, or requesting a brand-new car as I reckon I have been sold the Friday model!
Click to expand...
Newswise — Anybody in the workplace, and perhaps politics, has probably experienced this perplexing phenomenon. The guy (or gal) in charge isn't really competent for the job. How can this be? According to a study by researchers at the University of California, Berkeley's Haas School of Business, those who act more dominantly are perceived as more competent, even if their actual skills don't measure up.
Organizational behavior and industrial relations Associate Professor Cameron Anderson and doctoral candidate Gavin Kilduff documented their findings in a recently published paper, "Why Do Dominant Personalities Attain Influence in Face-to-Face Groups? The Competence-Signaling Effects of Trait Dominance."
To test this "great pretender" theory amongst perceived leaders, Anderson and Kilduff recruited 68 unacquainted students and divided them into 17 same-gender teams of four people each. The participants' average age: 21 years. The researchers gave each team 45 minutes to design a mock non-profit environmental organization or a for-profit Web site. The winning team would receive a $400 prize. More importantly, the experiment required each participant to rate their or their colleagues' level of influence on the group, and each participant's level of competence. The sessions were videotaped so the researchers and an independent group of observers could also rate the students' work. The independent observers were selected to reflect the subjects' peer group.
The results revealed that team members with the most dominant personalities were rated the highest for such qualities as general intelligence, dependability, and self-discipline. At the same time, subjects perceived less outspoken workers as having less desirable traits, giving them high scores for being conventional and uncreative.
To be fair, Anderson and Kilduff wanted to give the alpha standouts of the group the benefit of the doubt. Perhaps these newly anointed leaders were indeed, more competent. A second experiment left no debate.
In round two, researchers asked the teams of students to solve computational problems taken from old versions of the Graduate Management Aptitude Test (GMAT). Participants reported their previous Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT) math scores to researchers prior to trying to solve the GMAT problems. When it was time to reveal the answers out loud, the people who spoke up more were, again, the ones their teammates deemed as the leaders of the group. In addition, it didn't matter if the chosen leaders offered the correct answers, only that they offered more responses. What's more, the leaders didn't even have to provide the final solution to the problem to be exalted to the top of the heap.
Anderson and Kilduff's work redefines what it means to be dominant in the context of influence. Past studies have aligned dominant behavior with aggressive, heavy handed tactics. This study found dominant people attain influence by displaying competence, "These findings suggest that dominant individuals may ascent group hierarchies by appearing helpful to the group's overall success as opposed to aggressively grabbing power."
While the findings may be troubling to some, they may be helpful to managers who may want to look a little closer when judging their employees' true productivity and value. The study's results may also help individuals achieve improvement in their own reputations " just by speaking up.
This paper was published in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology. Vol. 96 (2), Feb 2009.
Cameron Anderson's Bio: http://www.haas.berkeley.edu/faculty/anderson.html
John McCain threw up their Florida fire wall yesterday: a million Cuban Americans who see Barack Obama as a combination of Fidel Castro, Hugo Chávez, and any other Latin leader who ever nationalised a business.
In the streets of Miami's Little Havana, which McCain visited yesterday, there was one word for the kind of change promised by Obama. "Comunismo," said Michael Garcia, 30, the son of Cuban emigres who works at their family-owned accounting business.
"I shouldn't have to pay more taxes because I work harder than other people," they said. "The things that Obama say scare me because that's everything that Fidel said. These things are associated in my mind with going down the path to communism."
McCain, who is fighting to hang on to the pivotal state, has tried for two weeks to tap into fears that Obama would raise taxes for business owners, using the story of Joe the Plumber, the Ohio man who confronted the Democrat about their plan to "spread the wealth around".
But nowhere perhaps has McCain found a more willing audience for their story about Joe the Plumber than south Florida, the heartland of Cuban emigres - where they are known locally as "Pepe el plomero".
Cuban support is crucial to McCain if they are to hold Florida in Tuesday's elections, and block Obama from winning the White House. Here, in the traditional Republican enclave of Little Havana, even the faintest whiff of socialism revives memories of exile from Castro, a psychology McCain played on yesterday. "Senator Obama is running to be Redistributionist in Chief. I'm running to be Commander in Chief," they told a crowd of a few hundred at a local lumberyard. "Senator Obama is running to spread the wealth. I'm running to create more wealth. Senator Obama is running to punish the successful. I'm running to make everyone successful."
In the small, tidy homes of Little Havana, lawn campaign signs warn that an Obama presidency would be the first step to communism. Many of the McCain supporters in the lumberyard yesterday see Obama as practically a clone of Castro.
"Obama is saying 100% the same things that Castro was saying before 1959," said Nerty Piscola who left Cuba as a teenager in 1969. "It sounds good. Many people want to be equal, but the result is that everyone is equal and everyone is poor."
The fears run even deeper among those who were adults at the time of the revolution. "If Obama takes power you are going to see all the people going to the fields to cut sugar cane," said Lazaro de Jesus, a sign painter.
In recent years, Florida's Cuban Americans have been reinforced in their anti-socialist, anti-Democratic views by a new wave of Spanish-speaking exiles from Venezuela. At least 80,000 have settled in Florida since Hugo Chávez came to power in 1998. The Cuban vote is crucial if McCain is to counter the surge of support for Obama in south Florida.
The three counties surrounding Miami are the Democratic heartland of Florida. The Obama camp's strategy for Florida depends on beating McCain by a 600,000 vote margin to take the entire state. They hope to get a third of their supporters to take part in early voting - a goal made easier yesterday after Florida's Republican governor ordered polling stations to extend their hours following long queues.
The Obama camp also says it has won over a substantial share of younger Cubans, those who were born in this country and identify more strongly with domestic American issues.
"A lot of the people coming over from the island that have only been here about 10 years tend to vote more Democratic than Republic," said Carmen Elliott, who was a toddler when their family left Cuba in 1962.
'Top prize'
Florida is a hotly contested swing state. With 27 electoral votes, it is a top prize, and its demographic profile makes it close. The polls show Barack Obama three points ahead of John McCain. Florida's influential Cuban-American community, its military population, and "panhandle" conservative whites tend to back Republicans. But the large population of "snowbirds", retirees from the north, the state's non-Cuban Hispanics and black population are likely to back Obama. In the 2000 election, the infamous "hanging chads" - bits of paper representing ambiguous votes on paper ballots - threw the Florida poll into chaos.
· This article was amended on Saturday November 1 2008. Hugo Chávez did not come to power in 2000. They were elected in 1998 and re-elected in 2000 and 2006. This has been corrected.
Photo Jared Kushner, left, and Stephen K. Bannon, President-elect Donald J. Trump's chief strategist. Credit Doug Mills/The New York Times
WASHINGTON — Jared Kushner will be named a senior White House adviser to their father-in-law, Donald J. Trump , cementing the New York real estate executive's role as a powerful and at times decisive influence on the president-elect, according to two people close to Mr. Trump.
Mr. Kushner, who married Mr. Trump's daughter Ivanka in 2009, is closer to Mr. Trump than any other adviser, and has provided input on all of their father-in-law's hiring decisions.  They are “the first among equals,” in the words of one former campaign official.
Mr. Kushner is expected to play the same role in the White House, with the counselors Stephen K. Bannon and Kellyanne Conway providing the president-elect with strategic, messaging and communications advice, and Reince Priebus, the chairperson of the Republican National Committee and the incoming chief of staff, running day-to-day operations in the West Wing.
The scion of a prominent Democratic family active in New Jersey politics, Mr. Kushner, 35, has no governmental experience and had never played an active role in a campaign before they began to advise Mr. Trump. As their father-in-law began to rise in the primary contests, Mr. Kushner, a Harvard graduate, occupied a steadying, stabilizing role. And they underwent something of a personal political transformation, coming to believe in Mr. Trump's fiery and conservative economic message after spending months crisscrossing red and swing-state America with the campaign.
A person close to the transition warned that Mr. Kushner's title, while likely to be senior adviser, might be adjusted. The formal announcement of their appointment, which was first reported by NBC , could come as early as Monday evening.
Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times would like to hear from readers who want to share messages and materials with our journalists. Learn More
Mr. Kushner's new role became public a day after the disclosure that they would resign as chief executive of Kushner Companies, their family's real estate firm, and divest themselves of “substantial assets,” including the company's flagship property at 666 Fifth Avenue. Mr. Trump is scheduled to hold a news conference on Wednesday to discuss their plans for dealing with myriad conflicts of interest raised by their sprawling international development, hotel, branding and entertainment empire.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Since speculation began about Mr. Kushner's possible role in the White House, some ethics experts had questioned whether it would be legal under federal anti-nepotism laws. Norman L. Eisen, who was the chief White House ethics lawyer under President Obama, said they did not believe Mr. Kushner's appointment would violate those laws, but they added that the case was “muddy” even if Mr. Kushner declined to accept a salary, as their lawyers have proposed.
Mr. Eisen said they thought Mr. Kushner's decision to divest from their family business raised the pressure on Mr. Trump to follow suit, something the president-elect has been reluctant to do.
“What we are seeing now is, after the initial chaos of the Trump transition, that their nominees are now complying with the requirements of the law,” said Mr. Eisen, who also served as Mr. Obama's ambassador to the Czech Republic. “Rex Tillerson has retired from Exxon, and now Kushner is doing the same,” they added, referring to Mr. Trump's nominee for secretary of state. “So it's going to be hard for Trump to ignore 40 years of precedent and not do the same.”
If the Steelcase Gesture isn't available or you want a more breathable chair, get the Herman Miller Aeron. The mesh seat and back make the Aeron a better option in warm climates or for anyone who runs hot. It's not as comfortable as the Gesture if you swap tasks at your desk because it lacks highly adjustable arms, but if you're usually working at a desk with a keyboard and mouse, it's just as good as the Gesture. The Aeron comes with a solid 12-year warranty and is built like a tank (and weighs nearly as much). The newest model is priced similarly to the Gesture, but it's so popular (and it's been popular for so long) that you can often find older models or lightly-used chairs at a substantial discount.
Herman Miller redesigned the Aeron in 2016 with new style of mesh weave that can provide different firmness in different places. For example, on older models of the Aeron, a foam piece underneath the mesh at the front of the chair provides padding against the harsh plastic frame. On the current Aeron, that foam piece is gone because the mesh is now a tighter weave that can stabilize your legs without help. The new Aeron also has a different lumbar support system with a fully adjustable dial and a redesigned tilt mechanism that we found more natural than the older model's. The current Aeron is the chair we tested and talk about most extensively here. (It's noticeably better than older versions, but if you already have an Aeron, we don't see a compelling reason to upgrade.)
Four out of six of our testers picked the Aeron in their top three chairs. However, our shorter testers found that the seat's edge dug into their quads. This happens because unlike chairs (including the Gesture) that have one chair size but adjustable seat depth, the Aeron comes in different sizes. Our test Aeron was the “B” size, recommended for people between 5′2″ and 6′6″—which explains why our shorter testers found it uncomfortable. You can remedy this by getting the smaller “A” size, but if you share a workspace with someone else, you might not be able to find a size that fits everyone.
As long as you have the right-size chair, the Aeron is comfortable for long hours of work. The breathability of the mesh means most people won't overheat or find a gross sweat stain on their back on hot days. In fact, the Aeron's mesh has a springiness and breathability that some of our testers preferred. And compared to other mesh chairs in this price range that we tested, our testers found the mesh on the Aeron to be springier and more comfortable for long hours of work.
However, the Aeron is designed around desk work, and whereas the Gesture works around your bad habits, the Aeron punishes you if you don't sit ergonomically. Try to sit with your legs crossed in an Aeron and you'll find it uncomfortable immediately. Do so on a Gesture, and you might totally forget your legs are crossed until you go to stand up. For some people, the Aeron's forced ergonomics are nice, but others might find the chair to be too rigid.
You can slide the armrests in and out, as well as diagonally. Video: Kyle Fitzgerald
You have to reach for the back of the chair to adjust the height of the arms on the Aeron. Video: Kyle Fitzgerald
You can slide the armrests in and out, as well as diagonally. Video: Kyle Fitzgerald
You have to reach for the back of the chair to adjust the height of the arms on the Aeron. Video: Kyle Fitzgerald 1 of 2
The Aeron is also not as adjustable as the Gesture. You cannot adjust the seat depth, and instead of fully movable arms, the Aeron's arms go only up and down, while the armrests optionally move diagonally in and out, and forward and backward. The arm height is also a pain to adjust: Instead of just pressing a tab underneath the armrest and moving the arms as you see fit, as you do with the Gesture, the Aeron requires you to unlock the arm with a switch on the chair's back, move the arm, and then lock it back into place. In an ideal ergonomic world, you would set your arm height once and leave it there, but most of us don't sit perfectly all the time, and many of us switch tasks throughout the day.
The Aeron also allows you to adjust the tension required to tilt the chair back. For additional cost, you can add a tilt-lock adjustment to adjust how far the tilt goes, but we found the lock unnecessary. Awkwardly, the controls for each of these settings are on the opposite sides of the chair. Once you dial it in, the tension on the tilt is natural, and as you lean back you can feel the chair adjusting to keep you comfortable. This was my personal favorite tilt of the all the chairs we tested because it was the one I noticed the least—I never felt like I was falling backwards, nor did I feel like I had to use my core to pull myself up.
When it comes to looks, the Aeron is the landmark design that defines what most of us think of when we think of office chairs. The current model is available in a new Mineral color if you're looking for an off-white chair instead of boring black. Our panel remarked that the Mineral model we tested looked less monolithic than the black version and might blend in better in some homes. You can also splurge on options, like a polished or satin aluminum frame, to spruce it up a little.
The Aeron comes with a 12-year warranty that covers all repairs and parts. Many of these parts are easy to replace yourself: Unlike the Gesture, which hides its moving parts, the Aeron wears its skeleton proudly. Glance at the chair, and you can see the exact bolts you need to remove to replace a piece. Compared to the Gesture, the Aeron feels much more durable and harder to break—it's mostly metal, hard plastic, and mesh. (I've had a classic Aeron for nearly a decade. I've moved with it many times, including twice to different states, and it still looks brand new. ) This construction also means the chair is heavy, though.
For most people, we suggest the medium “B” size with the adjustable PostureFit SL, the standard tilt, height-adjustable arms, and the standard arm pads. This combination puts the price at $920 directly from Herman Miller, which is around a hundred bucks more than other mesh chairs we considered. If you want the fully adjustable arms to add depth adjustment and inward and outward movement, that will cost another $60. A Herman Miller rep told us that most people don't need or use the tilt limiter or forward lean, and we found it unnecessary in our testing as well. But if you lean forward a lot, you may want to invest $100 in the tilt limiter and seat angle add-on.
We think it's worth adding in the Aeron's new PostureFit SL feature for $95 at the time of purchase. This two-piece design adds extra support for the base of your back, adjustable via a dial on the back of the chair, to help keep your spine aligned as you sit.
(The classic Aeron design sold prior to 2016 is still great for most people, and it's still widely available at office liquidators and on Craigslist for less than $400—sometimes even new. If you can't afford a new Aeron, or simply don't want to spend $900 on a chair, old stock or used is an excellent route. With used, you lose the Herman Miller warranty, but if you're slightly handy, you can replace almost anything on the Aeron with used parts you can find on eBay.)
The Aeron is easier to clean than the Gesture, Sayl, or any non-mesh chairs. You can wipe down the mesh easily, and the lack of crevices means you don't need to worry about finding a piece of last week's lunch jammed between cushions. If you have pets that shed a lot, a mesh chair like the Aeron might be a better option than the Gesture because it doesn't attract as much hair. The mechanism below the seat does collect a ton of dust in a short period of time, however, so you'll want to do a monthly wipedown unless you enjoy the post-apocalypse chic look.
It may not seem like this but the Seattle Sounders have greatly improved and are arguably on their best form in years. And them peaking at the right time, could give them the one trophy they have been striving for since entering MLS in 2009, the MLS Cup.
If you haven't been following the Sounders, you would've thought I was crazy to say they are the new favorites to win the MLS Cup. At a horrendous 6-12-2, the Sounders had enough and sacked Sigi Schmid, replacing them with assistant Brian Schmetzer. Since then, the Sounders signed Nicolas Lodeiro, which ironically was Schmid's idea. Once Schmetzer was brought in, the Sounders locker room has improved and have been 3-1-0 since. The Sounders are now averaging 2.5 points per match under Schmetzer when averaging a point per match under Schmid.
So why exactly are the Sounders favorites for a trophy when they aren't even in a playoff position? Well when the top six teams of each conference qualify for the MLS Cup Playoffs, the Sounders are currently 8th, two points behind Portland (with two matches in hand over POR) and a point behind San Jose. Their Cascadia Cup win over the Timbers Sunday night really catapulted Seattle into only needing to gain two points in their final 10 matches in order to get in the playoffs.
As we have seen in past years, it really doesn't matter where you finish in the regular season. As long as you are in the playoffs, you have a realistic shot to win the MLS Cup. Teams from all over the standings have reached and won the Cup and it's not uncommon for an MLS Cup champion to have a rough stretch over a couple months at some point in their title winning season. Teams who have been successful in the months leading into the playoffs have a better chance of postseason success.
As we enter the final couple months of the season, no MLS team has done more over the past month than the Seattle Sounders. What sounded like pure craziness a month ago is slowly becoming more and more realistic by the day. Other teams may have breathed a sigh of relief when they saw the Sounders playing poorly and think that they don't have to deal with them in the playoffs. But everyone is wrong. The Sounders are back, the Sounders are getting into the playoffs and they are now the new favorites to win their first MLS Cup title. Whether they can actually complete the “worst to first” journey will be another story.
BEIRUT (AP) — Syrian activists said Monday that pro-government gunmen have killed at least 16 people — including children — in a rebel stronghold recaptured by the government in the embattled central city of Homs.
The state media in Damascus, which often ignores claims by activists, confirmed killings in Homs but blamed “armed terrorists,” as it frequently calls those behind the uprising.
Fresh from stamping out rebel centers of resistance in Homs, government forces are pressing on with new offensives in other parts of central and northern Syria. The reports of the killings add to concerns that the hundreds of civilian deaths caused by the fighting will be compounded by reprisals against opposition supporters in the recaptured towns and neighborhoods.
They will add to the pressure on U.N. Security Council members, who are meeting to decide what to do next to stop the violence, as the international community's current ongoing effort — a peacemaking mission by former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan — falters with both government and opposition refusing to talk to each other.
The Britain-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights said at least 16 people were killed Sunday night, while the Local Coordination Committees said 45 were “murdered.” Both groups said children were among the dead.
They accused gunmen known as “shabiha,” who have been playing a major role in crushing the year-old uprising.
Homs is the Syrian city hardest hit by violence since the uprising against President Bashar Assad's regime began in March last year. Several Homs neighborhoods, including Karm el-Zeytoun, where Sunday's deaths occurred, were controlled by rebels and retaken by government forces earlier this month.
Karm el-Zeytoun has witnessed intense anti-regime protests in the past months. It is one of several areas in Homs that have large populations both of Alawites, a Shiite offshoot that dominates the Damascus regime, and of Sunnis, who make up much of the opposition against it.
The Observatory said that after the killings many people fled Karm el-Zeytoun as well as the nearby neighborhoods of Bab Dreb and Nazihin in fear that pro-government gunmen might carry out similar attacks.
Pictures posted online by activists showed the bodies of five children who were disfigured after apparently being hit with sharp objects. At least six dead adults were covered with sheets.
An amateur video posted online showed men wrapping the bodies of the dead with white cloth in accordance with Muslim tradition before burial.
“This is what they do to us, the Sunnis. The Sunnis are being wiped out; they are the ones who are dying at the hands of Iran and the Shiites,” shouted a man in the background. Shiite Iran is one of the Assad regime's few remaining allies.
“We tell Bashar that your punishment will be harsh,” the man shouted. The authenticity of the video could not be independently confirmed.
The Observatory called on the United Nations to form an independent investigative committee to find “those committing massacres and have them face justice.”
“The regime aims to terrify people and put down the revolution,” said Syria-based activist Mustafa Osso, who also blamed the shabiha for the attack.
They said new protests broke out in several areas around the country to condemn the latest killings in Homs.
The LCC called for a day of mourning Tuesday and urged Syrians to close their shops and abstain from going to work, schools and universities. The group urged citizens to carry black ribbons and flags and wear black shirts in sign of mourning.
Syria‘s state-run media quoted an unnamed official as saying that armed groups in some areas in Homs are kidnapping people, then killing and disfiguring them in order to bring international condemnation to the regime.
Mr. Assad's regime blames the uprising on armed groups and terrorists acting out a foreign conspiracy.
The bloody conflict in Syria is likely to dominate public and private talks Monday when key ministers meet at the United Nations on the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and challenges from the Arab Spring.
U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham Clinton and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov will hold bilateral talks as ministers from the 15 council nations attend an open Security Council meeting to look ahead after last year's Arab uprisings.
Much attention is likely to be focused on the private meeting between Mrs. Clinton and Mr. Lavrov, which is expected to be dominated by serious differences over how to address the violence in Syria, which the United Nations estimates has killed more than 7,500 people.
“We have been used to the escalation by armed terrorist groups before meetings at the Security Council with the aim of inciting stances against Syria,” state-run news agency SANA quoted the unnamed Syrian official as saying.
An international push to end Syria‘s conflict has stalled as Mr. Annan left Damascus on Sunday without a cease-fire deal.
Western and Arab powers are struggling for ways to stem the bloodshed in the year-old conflict while both the regime and the opposition reject dialogue. Mr. Annan appeared to make little progress during two meetings with Mr. Assad during their first trip to Syria as the joint U.N.-Arab League envoy.
Mr. Annan was seeking an immediate cease-fire to allow for humanitarian aid and the start of a dialogue between all parties on a political solution. After meeting with Mr. Assad on Sunday, Mr. Annan said they had presented steps to ease the crisis, but they gave no details.
Also Monday, SANA reported that an “armed terrorist group” blew up a pipeline that transports diesel fuel from the central province of Homs to the nearby region of Hama, setting it on fire.
There have been several fires and explosions cutting oil and gas pipelines since the uprising began. Damascus blames them on armed groups, but the opposition says they are caused by government shelling.
In the northeastern city of Qamishli, hundreds of Kurds marched to mark the eighth anniversary of clashes between Syrian Kurds and security forces that began in the city then spread to the nearby cities of Hasaka and Aleppo. The 2004 violence left 25 killed and 100 wounded.
Kurds — the largest ethnic minority in Syria — make up 15 percent of the country's 23 million people and long have complained of neglect and discrimination. However, since the uprising began, they have not taken a major role in anti-Assad activities.
The gathering in Qamishli observed a moment of silence to protest the killings of civilians in Homs, said Mr. Osso, who spoke from the area.
Copyright © 2019 The Washington Times, LLC.
The world's first Bluetooth-controlled cyborg is here in the form of an app-enabled cockroach. And it's using Kickstarter to raise money. It's also being developed and manufactured in a hackerspace—a cooperative lab and machine shop space where techies can tinker and invent together.
Why RoboRoaches? A group of neuroscience junkies named Backyard Brains thinks the roaches can serve as experiment kits for high school science classes, PhD students and other amateur neuroscientists. The group's flagship product, the SpikerBox, allows users to view the neurological activity of an invertebrate on a smartphone. RoboRoach improves on that product by letting users hack the bug's brain waves, control them, and steer the bugs with a smartphone.
The product, which works by sending electrical stimuli to the antennae to steer the roach's movement, has existed in beta for almost two years. The technology is borrowed from the deep brain stimulation used to treat Parkinson's Disease, and cochlear implants that help the deaf hear.
The Kickstarter funding, says head cyborg-maker Bill Reith says, will allow the group to manufacture its own hardware (right now it uses existing controllers from toy robots). The group also wants to create neuroscience lesson plans to accompany the devices.
“We want to create neural interfaces that the general public can use,” engineer and co-founder Tim Marzullo says in the project's Kickstarter video. “Typically, to understand how these hardware devices and biological interfaces work, you'd have to go to graduate school in a neuro-engineering lab.”
Backyard Brains The controller is removable, and roaches go back to normal behavior soon after it's taken off
While the technology is meant to be user-friendly, it wouldn't be easy to use the product as a toy. That's because the “backpack” that delivers electrical stimuli to the roach's antennae requires a fairly delicate surgery (under ice-water anesthesia) to connect.
The company credits its hackerspace in Ann Arbor, Michigan for enabling the technology's development. “Hackerspaces are home to some of the brands of tomorrow,” says Reith. “MakerBot is one of the first companies to gain traction, but there will soon be many more.” Reith and their team hope that RoboRoach-based experiments will inspire students to engage with neuroscience. And perhaps they will inspire other hackerspace-based businesses, too.
1 Calculate your cooking time: This roast cooks sous vide for 18 to 24 hours, so it's important to begin cooking with your serving time in mind. Calculate backward from your dinner time to figure out when you should start cooking the roast.
For make-ahead instructions if you don't plan on serving your sandwiches right away, see the instructions in the headnotes.
2 Trim and seasons the roast: Trim any large pieces of fat from the exterior of the roast, but don't worry about getting every last speck. Season it on all sides with the salt and pepper.
3 Sears the roast: Warm a large skillet over medium-high heat and add 1 tablespoon of oil. When the oil shimmers and glides smoothly, and a flick of water evaporates on contact with the pan, add the roast.
Sear the roast very well on all sides, 4 to 5 minutes per side. The seared surfaces should look dark reddish-brown. If the oil starts to get smoky, lower the heat slightly; otherwise, maintain a medium-high heat for the best sear.
4 Transfer the seared beef to a plate to cool slightly. If the roast is still scorching hot from the pan when you put it in the plastic bag, it can melt a hole in the plastic.
5 Deglaze the pan with the wine: With the pan still over medium-high heat, add the wine all at once. It will bubble and steam as it hits the pan. As it bubbles, use a stiff spatula to scrape up any dark bits that were stuck.
Once you've scraped up all the bits and the wine is simmering, pour it carefully into a measuring cup. Let it cool slightly.
6 Pack up the roast for sous vide cooking: Place a 1-gallon plastic freezer bag on your counter and fold the top outwards to form a cuff; this will help it stand up and make it easier to fill. (Alternatively, place the bag in a bowl while filling).
Place the slightly cooled roast into the bag. Pour the wine and broth over top, and tuck the bay leaf inside. Zip the bag almost entirely shut, leaving about an inch open at one edge.
7 Seals the bag: Fill a large stock pot three-quarters full with water. Submerge the bag with the roast until just the zipper part of the bag is above the water.
As you submerge the bag, the pressure of the water will press the sides of the plastic bag up against the roast and the liquid, "hugging" the ingredients. You may need to use your hands or a spatula to poke the roast below the surface of the water and force out any bubbles.
Once all the air bubble are out, submerge the bag up to the zipper, then zip it all the way closed so the bag is sealed. Lift the roast from the water and place it on a dishtowel while you heat the water.
As you lift the bag, the plastic should look like it's hugging the ingredients inside the bag. A few small air pockets are fine; vacuum-sealing isn't necessary. Check carefully to make sure the bag isn't leaking; if it is, transfer it to a new bag and repeat this sealing step.
8 Heat the water with the immersion circulator: Place the pot of water on a trivet or other heatproof surface. Place the immersion circulator in the water and set it to heat the water based on your preferred doneness for the roast beef: 135°F (medium-rare), 140°F (medium), 145°F (medium-well) or 150°F (well-done).
It will take approximately 5 to 10 minutes for the water to heat, depending on the volume of water in your pot. (You can also use warm water out of the tap to cut down on heating time.) Once the water is up to temp, your immersion circulator will indicate that you're ready to start cooking.
With Joule, this is controlled through the Joule app: Open the app on your phone and press the orange circular button in the bottom right corner. Input the temperature and press the orange button again to start the device and begin heating the water.
9 Cook the roast: Once the water has finished heating, lower the roast into the water. It's fine if the zipper is above the surface of the water, but the roast itself should be completely submerged by at least an inch or so. Add more water if needed.
Cook the roast for 18 to 24 hours (yes, hours!). It will become more tender the longer you let it cook. Set a timer so you know when it's ready.
10 Check the roast and monitor the water during cooking: Every so often during cooking, take a peek at your roast and make sure that it's still submerged in the water and the bag isn't leaking. (If it's leaking, the liquid will start to look diluted and you'll notice air bubbles in the bag. Just transfer the roast and liquid to another bag and carry on with cooking. This doesn't happen very often, but is something to watch out for.)
Keep an eye on the water level and add additional water if it looks like it's getting low. The immersion circulator will heat the water right back up to temperature. To help prevent evaporation, you can also cover your pot with plastic wrap, a silicon bowl cover (as I have), or any other cover.
11 Cook the onions at any point while the roast is cooking: At any point during this cooking time when you have a spare 10 minutes, cook the onions. Warm a teaspoon or two of oil in a skillet and cook the onions with 1/4 teaspoon salt until they are very soft and browned.
If you're not serving them right away, cool and refrigerate until needed. To reheat, add them to a hot skillet and stir until warmed through.
12 Sears the roast (again!): When you're done cooking the roast, lift the bag from the water and set it on a kitchen towel on the counter. Warm a tablespoon of oil in a large skillet over medium-high heat.
Open the bag with the roast; be careful not to spill any of the cooking liquid. Use tongs to lift the roast from the bag and transfer it to a cutting board. Pat it dry on all sides.
Transfer the roast to the hot skillet and sear on all sides, 2 to 3 minutes per side, until the outside is very crusty. Add more oil as needed to the pan. Once seared, set the roast on a cutting board until ready to slice.
13 Strain the "jus": While the roast sears, strain the cooking liquid ("jus") into a measuring cup. Taste and add salt or pepper if needed. If the jus seems overly concentrated to you, add a little water to thin it out again.
Use a little of the jus to deglaze the pan after searing the roast, if you like.
Transfer the jus to individual cups for serving.
14 Toast the French rolls: Warm the oven to 400F. Open up all the French rolls and arrange them in a single layer on a baking sheet with the cut sides facing up. Toast in the hot oven until they are warm and feel crispy when you press the surface of the bread, about 5 minutes. Remove from the oven, but leave the oven on.
If you like, spoon a little of the beef jus over the bottom buns for flavor.
15 Slices the beef: Use a sharp chef's knife and slice the beef against the grain as thinly as possible.
16 Assemble the sandwiches: Pile slices of beef on the bottom half of the rolls. The meat should divide equally between all the rolls, but you may have some leftover.
Top each pile of beef with some onions and a slice or two of cheese, if desired.
17 Broil the sandwiches: Set aside the tops of the buns so they don't burn. Switch the oven to "broil" and slide the pan of sandwiches under the broiler. Broil until the cheese starts to melt, about 1 minute.
18 Serve the sandwiches: Top each sandwich with the top bun. Serve with the jus alongside for dipping. (Refrigerate leftovers and consume within 3 to 4 days, or freeze for up to 3 months.)
John Podesta gets a hug from Hillary at a 2011 CAP forum in Washington, DC.
Source: Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images North America
By Micah Morrison
“They [the White House] need to focus on executive action given that they are facing a second term against a cult worthy of Jonestown in charge of one of the houses of Congress.”
So spoke John Podesta in an interview last fall with Politico, shortly before being named White House counselor. Podesta quickly apologized for the Jonestown jibe and their return to 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue, where they previously served President Clinton, was greeted with deferential nods from the press. “Well respected in political circles both as a strategist and policy thinker,” noted the AP. “One of the Democratic Party's most seasoned political and policy operatives,” declared the Washington Post.
In 2003, Podesta founded the Center for American Progress. By all accounts, it has been a roaring success, serving as a left-wing answer to the Heritage Foundation and a government-in-waiting during the Bush darkness. According to recent data, CAP's assets top $44 million; its advocacy unit, the CAP Action Fund, holds about $6 million. Podesta also is a co-founder with their brother, Tony, of the lobbying firm now known as the Podesta Group; started in 1988, the Podesta Group in 20l3 reported over $27 million in lobbying fees.
In 2005, the New York Times noted that Podesta was one of a “tight-knit group of advisers” forming Hillary Clinton's inner circle as they pondered a presidential run. They supported Mrs. Clinton in the 2008 primary season, but soon was on board with Barack Obama, directing their presidential transition team. In 2011, Podesta resigned as president of CAP and was replaced by Neera Tanden, a longtime Hillary Clinton aide. According to the Post, Podesta remains “an influential voice in the Clinton political orbit, informally advising Hillary Rodham Clinton in the year since they stepped down as secretary of state.” In their current White House position, Podesta is reported to be focusing on environmental issues, particularly climate change, and particularly policies that can be put in place by executive action, without Congressional approval.
The Podesta biography also includes a long history of scandal-management and cover-up for the Clintons. Podesta now says they will serve only a year as counselor to President Obama, but if the going gets tough, expect an extended tenure. Slamming House Republicans as “a cult worthy of Jonestown” is a signal that Podesta will not go quietly into the night.
Podesta played a role in managing many of the scandals that surrounded the Clintons, including Mrs. Clinton's amazing profits trading cattle futures, Whitewater, Monica Lewinsky, impeachment, and perhaps most tellingly, the Travel Office affair. In May 1993, a senior administration official, David Watkins, fired all seven members of the White House Travel Office to make way for Arkansas cronies of the Clintons. A picaresque enterprise with lucrative connections to the airline charter business, the Travel Office handled travel arrangements for the White House press corps—it operated literally on the fly and ran its business in much the same way.
President Clinton simply could have asked for the resignations of the Travel Office employees. Instead, in actions directed in part by Mrs. Clinton, the employees were driven from office, cashiered as crooks and lowlifes. Travel Office Director Billy Dale's experience was especially harrowing: indicted on embezzlement charges, they faced up to 20 years in prison. Their career in ruins, they twisted in the wind for more than two years until a jury cleared them of all charges, returning a verdict after deliberating less than two hours.
White House officials had unleashed “the full powers of the federal government against the seven former workers,” the Republican-led House Government Reform and Oversight Committee concluded after a lengthy inquiry. “The extraordinary might of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, the Internal Revenue Service and the Department of Justice—not to mention the prestige of the White House itself—were brought to bear.” In a detailed final report, the committee rebuked the White House for conducting “an enormous and elaborate cover-up” of the Travel Office affair.
In 1993, Podesta served as Assistant to the President and Staff Secretary. As concerns over abuse of power in the Travel Office affair mounted and the White House fought a public-relations nightmare, Podesta was appointed to conduct an internal inquiry that became known as the White House Management Review. Podesta's report would become the White House's first line of defense in the Travel Office affair. It depicted Mrs. Clinton as little more than a bystander in the Travel Office events.
Others had a different view. “The much-heralded White House Management Review proved to be nothing more than a whitewash,” noted the Oversight Committee. It “minimized Mrs. Clinton's role in the Travel Office firings and omitted testimony of witnesses indicating a larger role by Mrs. Clinton. It also failed to note that senior White House aides had initially withheld information about Mrs. Clinton's involvement in the firings.”
The Oversight Committee reported that a “pattern developed throughout the course of the review: information unflattering to the Travel Office employees was included in the report, exculpatory information was not.
Podesta went digging for dirt in confidential personnel files. “In seeking derogatory information on the Travel Office employees, Podesta reviewed their personnel files,” the Oversight Committee reported. The files “circulated around the White House for several weeks” until a senior official in the personnel office “made an urgent call for them to be returned.”
Concerns over the Podesta-led inquiry protecting Mrs. Clinton were not entirely a partisan matter. Podesta's own deputy, Todd Stern, wrote in notes later obtained by investigators, “if you give answers that aren't fully honest (e.g., nothing re HRC) you risk hugely compounding the problem by getting caught in half-truths. You run risk of turning this into a ‘cover-up.'”
Deputy White House Counsel Vincent Foster, a close Clinton associate and former law firm partner of Mrs. Clinton, was deeply involved in the Travel Office affair. Their goal: protect the First Lady. “Defend management decision, thereby defend HRC role whatever it is, was in fact or might have been misperceived to be,” Foster wrote in a note to themselves shortly before they committed suicide, pitching the White House into another crisis.
Numerous reports have detailed Foster's mounting concerns over Whitewater and the Travel Office. “At the time of their death,” noted the final report of the Senate Special Committee on Whitewater, “Vincent Foster was intimately involved in two brewing scandals—Travelgate and Whitewater—touching on President and Mrs. Clinton. Mr. Foster played a central role in both the firing of the Travel Office staff and subsequent attempts to conceal Mrs. Clinton's true role in the firings.”
Mrs. Clinton denied playing a role in the Travel Office firings. In a sworn statement, they told the Government Accountability Office that they “did not know the origin of the decision to remove the White House Travel Office employees” and that they had “no role in the decision to terminate the employees.” They repeated the denials in testimony before Congress and an independent counsel inquiry.
In 1996, the case took a new twist when a self-described “soul cleansing” draft memo surfaced from Arkansas insider David Watkins, the White House official who had fired the Travel Office employees. The memo, not dated and marked “Confidential,” apparently was written for then-White House Chief of Staff Thomas “Mack” McLarty. It noted that Foster “regularly informed me that the First Lady was concerned and desired action—the action desired was the firing of the Travel Office staff.”
Watkins—who themselves was dismissed from their White House post in 1994 for improper use of a government helicopter—wrote that they had directly spoken to Mrs. Clinton about the Travel Office. They expressed “her desire for swift and clear action to resolve the situation,” Watkins noted in the memo.
“We both knew that there would be hell to pay,” Watkins wrote, if “we failed to take swift and decisive action in conformity with the First Lady's wishes.”
With the Watkins memo, the ante went up on the Travel Office affair. Had Mrs. Clinton lied under oath?
In 2000, a report by Independent Counsel Robert Ray concluded that Mrs. Clinton had given “factually false” testimony about the Travel Office firings. In other words, they had lied. Contrary to their statements, and contrary to the Podesta review, they had played a central role in the Travel Office firings. But Ray declined prosecution, saying that the evidence did not prove “beyond a reasonable doubt” that Mrs. Clinton's statements had been made with the requisite criminal intent.
Questioned by congressional investigators about the Clintons' role in the Travel Office firings, Podesta suffered a severe bout of memory loss. The Oversight Committee report noted that “Mr. Podesta recalls nothing of the interview with the President, whether they discussed the President's knowledge of the firings, or whether they asked about the President's complicity.” The report cited 264 instances when Podesta “had difficulty recalling key events under oath.”
The cover-up had succeeded. For Podesta, it was a defining moment. Before, they were just another obscure White House aide. After, they were a made man in Clintonland: they had upheld the omerta surrounding the Clintons, protected the First Lady, fended off Congress and the press.
Soon they would be given an even more important task: Whitewater. Congress, the press and prosecutors were digging into the Clintons' Arkansas land deals amid allegations of widespread fraud, corruption and cover-up. According to a December 1994 memo known as the White House “Task List,” Podesta would be assigned a key role in Whitewater. Under the heading “White House Whitewater response effort,” is the notation, “Podesta damage control effort.”
In 1997, Podesta was promoted to White House deputy chief of staff. In 1998, they were appointed chief of staff. They presided over the tumultuous final years of the Clinton presidency, a tenure marked by the Lewinsky debacle, impeachment, and a scandal over presidential pardons. Back in the White House now, Podesta is a bellwether for the final Obama years, a political street fighter steeped in scandal management and a loyalist serving two masters—the man who is president, and the woman who would succeed him.
< PREVIOUS SLIDE SLIDE 1 of 11 NEXT SLIDE > President Barack Obama, standing with Vice President Joe Biden, delivers remarks in the East Room of the White House in Washington, Tuesday, July 14, 2015, after an Iran deal is reached. © AP Photo/Andrew Harnik, Pool
VIENNA (AP) — Iran, the United States and other world powers struck a historic deal Tuesday to curb Iranian nuclear programs and ease fears of a nuclear-armed Iran threatening the volatile Middle East. In exchange, Iran will get billions of dollars in relief from crushing international sanctions.
The accord, reached after long, fractious negotiations, marks a dramatic break from decades of animosity between the United States and Iran, countries that have labeled each other the "leading state sponsor of terrorism" and "the Great Satan."
"This deal offers an opportunity to move in a new direction," President Barack Obama declared at the White House in remarks that were carried live on Iranian state television. "We should seize it."
In Tehran, Iranian President Hassan Rouhani said "a new chapter" had begun in their nation's relations with the world. They maintained that Iran had never sought to build a bomb, an assertion the U.S. and its partners have long disputed.
Beyond the hopeful proclamations from the U.S., Iran and other parties to the talks, there is deep skepticism of the deal among U.S. lawmakers and Iranian hardliners. Obama's most pressing task will be holding off efforts by Congress to levy new sanctions on Iran or block their ability to suspend existing ones.
House Speaker John Boehner, R-Ohio, predicted the deal would embolden Iran and fuel a nuclear arms race around the world. It will be difficult for congressional Republicans to stop Obama, however, because of their power to veto legislation.
Israel, which sees Iran as a threat to its existence, strongly opposes leaving the Islamic republic with its nuclear infrastructure in place. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who has furiously lobbied against a deal, called the agreement a "stunning historic mistake."
In a phone call Tuesday, Obama sought to reassure Netanyahu that the agreement doesn't diminish U.S. concern about Iran's threats toward Israel and its support for terrorism, the White House said.
Economic effects could be substantial for both Iran and the world.
In trading Tuesday, benchmark U.S. crude oil prices were down. Iran is an OPEC member, but its oil production has been affected for years by sanctions over its nuclear program. Any easing of the sanctions could see Iran sell more oil, which could bring down crude prices. That doesn't automatically mean lower gasoline prices, however.
Iran also stands to receive more than $100 billion in assets that have been frozen overseas and an end to various financial restrictions on Iranian banks.
The nearly 100-page accord announced Tuesday aims to keep Iran from producing enough material for an atomic weapon for at least 10 years and imposes new provisions for inspections of Iranian facilities, including military sites.
With Obama's final term ending in January 2017, the long-term agreement is sure to be a hot topic for the many candidates vying to take their place.
Democrat Hillary Rodham Clinton praised the deal and declared themselves ready to enforce it "vigorously, relentlessly" as president. Republican Jeb Bush issued a denunciation, saying the deal only delays the danger and "over time it paves Iran's path to a bomb."
The deal was finalized after more than two weeks of furious diplomacy in Vienna. Negotiators blew through three self-imposed deadlines, with top American and Iranian diplomats both threatening at points to walk away from the talks.
Secretary of State John Kerry, who did most of the bargaining with Iranian Foreign Minister Mohammad Javad Zarif, said persistence paid off. "Believe me, had we been willing to settle for a lesser deal we would have finished this negotiation a long time ago," they told reporters.
The breakthrough came after several key compromises.
Iran agreed to the continuation of a U.N. arms embargo on the country for up to five more years, though it could end earlier if the International Atomic Energy Agency definitively clears Iran of any current work on nuclear weapons. A similar condition was put on U.N. restrictions on the transfer of ballistic missile technology to Tehran, which could last for up to eight more years, according to diplomats.
Washington had sought to maintain the ban on Iran importing and exporting weapons, concerned that an Islamic Republic flush with cash from sanctions relief would expand its military assistance for Syrian President Bashar Assad's government, Yemen's Houthi rebels, the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah and other forces opposing America's Mideast allies such as Saudi Arabia and Israel.
Iranian leaders, backed by Russia and China, insisted the embargo had to end as their forces combat regional scourges such as the Islamic State.
Another significant agreement will allow U.N. inspectors to press for visits to Iranian military sites as part of their monitoring duties, something the country's supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei, had long vowed to oppose. However, access isn't guaranteed and could be delayed, a condition that critics of the deal are sure to seize on.
Under the accord, Tehran would have the right to challenge U.N requests, and an arbitration board composed of Iran and the six world powers would then decide on the issue. The IAEA also wants the access to complete its long-stymied investigation of past weapons work by Iran. The U.S. says Iranian cooperation is needed for all economic sanctions to be lifted.
IAEA chief Yukiya Amano said Tuesday their agency and Iran had signed a "roadmap" to resolve outstanding concerns, hopefully by mid-December.
The deal didn't come together easily, as tempers flared and voices were raised during debates over several of the most contentious matters. The mood soured particularly last week after Iran dug in its heels on several points and Kerry threatened to abandon the effort, according to diplomats involved in the talks. They weren't authorized to speak publicly on the private diplomacy and demanded anonymity.
But by Monday, the remaining gaps were bridged in a meeting that started with Kerry, European Union foreign policy chief Federica Mogherini, and Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov. Zarif later joined the meeting, and shortly thereafter, the ministers emerged and told aides they had an accord.
The deal comes after nearly a decade of international, intercontinental diplomacy that until recently was defined by failure. Breaks in the talks sometimes lasted for months, and Iran's nascent nuclear program expanded into one that Western intelligence agencies saw as only a couple of months away from weapons capacity. The U.S. and Israel both threatened possible military responses.
The United States joined the negotiations in 2008, and U.S. and Iranian officials met together secretly four years later in Oman to see if diplomatic progress was possible. But the process remained essentially stalemated until summer 2013, when Rouhani was elected president and declared their country ready for serious compromise.
A telephone conversation between Rouhani and Obama marked the two countries' highest diplomatic exchange since Iran's 1979 Islamic Revolution and the ensuing hostage crisis at the American embassy in Tehran.
___
Associated Press writers Bradley Klapper and Julie Pace in Washington contributed
Broncos coach playing golf in Charlotte during team's bye week when stricken.
Denver Broncos head coach John Fox is expected to have surgery on a valve in their heart and miss some time with the team. (Photo11: Ron Chenoy, USA TODAY Sports) Story Highlights Fox was taken to a Charlotte area hospital Saturday after feeling light-headed while playing golf
Fox did not have a heart attack and was 'in good spirits' earlier in the day
Fox expected to be away from the team for at least several weeks
Denver Broncos head coach John Fox will undergo an aortic heart valve replacement next week, which will keep them away from the team for "at least the next several weeks," the team announced late Saturday night.
Fox was taken to a hospital in the Charlotte area earlier Saturday after feeling light-headed while playing golf, the club told USA TODAY Sports. Fox did not suffer a heart attack but underwent a battery of tests that revealed the need for immediate surgery.
Fox Sports was first to report news of the upcoming surgery.
"Coach Fox was advised by doctors months ago that their defective aortic valve would require this procedure following the 2013 season," the team said in a statement.
"As part of their trip to North Carolina over the bye week, they had a preoperative appointment on Thursday with their doctor, who informed them to seek medical attention immediately if they felt any discomfort.
"On Saturday, Coach Fox began feeling light-headed while golfing with friends. They were taken to a hospital, where testing revealed they needed to have this procedure as soon as possible.
Contrary to media reports, Fox "did not have a heart attack," Broncos spokesperson Patrick Smyth told USA TODAY Sports earlier in the day, adding that Fox was in "good spirits" and up walking and talking while undergoing testing.
"I sincerely appreciate all of the support from friends, Denver Broncos fans and so many around the league today," Fox said in a team-issued statement.
"Although I am disappointed I must take some time away from the team to attend to this pre-existing health condition, I understand that it's the right thing to do. I have great confidence in our coaches and players, who are fully committed to our goals.
"I look forward to returning to coaching as soon as possible."
The Broncos have yet to announce an interim head coach in Fox's absence.
Defensive coordinator Jack Del Rio has nine years experience as a head coach, all with the Jacksonville Jaguars. Running backs coach Eric Studesville spent four games as the Broncos' interim head coach in 2010 after Josh McDaniels was fired.
Fox, 58, is in their third season with the Broncos after spending nine years as head coach of the Carolina Panthers.
The Broncos are 7-1, second in the AFC West to the Kansas City Chiefs. Denver next plays at the San Diego Chargers on Nov. 10.
CAUGHT ON TAPE: Police Arrive After “Suicidal” Harvey Weinstein Freaks on Daughter
Bob Weinstein, Harvey's brother issued a scathing statement, calling their ex-business partner “a very sick man.” Bob urged their brother to receive help and to cease issuing fake apologies.
TMZ reports:
Bob Weinstein came out swinging, telling TMZ, “My brother Harvey is obviously a very sick man. I've urged them to seek immediate professional help because they are in dire need of it. Their remorse and apologies to the victims of their abuse are hollow. They said they would go away for help and has yet to do so.” Bob goes on … “He has proven themselves to be a world class liar and now rather than seeking help they are looking to blame others. Their assertion is categorically untrue from A to Z. I pray they get the help that they need and I believe that it is them behind all of these stories to distract from their own failure to get help.” It has been reported that Harvey believes their brother Bob “did them in,” by bringing these horrid allegations to light.
It is now being reported that Weinstein has sunk even lower. They had a massive fight with their 22-year-old daughter Remy. The fight “spilled,” into the streets. The LAPD came to the house to calm the situation. It is being reported Weinstein told family he's “suicidal and depressed.”
TMZ: LAPD responds to scene after Harvey Weinstein storms out of heated family argument, revealing he's suicidal to daughter Remy. pic.twitter.com/kA1in3XhRF — Joshua Dov Caplan (@joshdcaplan) October 11, 2017
Video credit: TMZ
TMZ reports:
According to law enforcement, Weinstein was at their 22-year-old daughter Remy‘s place when their argument spilled out onto the street. We're told Harvey yelled to her, “You're making it worse” … and then flagged down a random vehicle driving past, begging for a ride. We're told Remy convinced their father to go back in the house, and shortly thereafter — around 10:30 AM — LAPD and their alarm company showed up. Law enforcement sources confirm officers responded to a call from Remy, who said their father was “suicidal and depressed.” When they arrived … Harvey had already left the home.
As TGP previously reported, Weinstein was caught on tape admitting they groped a woman's breast. The New Yorker is now reporting three women are accusing them of rape.
https://twitter.com/NewYorker/status/917765408412794880?ref_src=twsrc% 5Etfw&ref_url=http% 3A% 2F% 2Fwww.thegatewaypundit.com% 2F2017% 2F10% 2Fbombshell-audio-harvey-weinstein-admits-groping-womans-breasts-3-women-accuse-rape% 2F
Pann: Let's find out more about SM producers (TN: this post is obviously biased but read it for what it's worth)
SM's #1 rank, the father of SMP, idiotic lyrics, seems to be into dubstep lately?HOT: Aiyah, Warrior's Descendant, Match 10! etcSES: I'm Your Girl, Love, etcShinhwa: Eusha Eusha, Wild Eyes, Perfect Man, etcTVXQ: Tri-Angle, Rising Sun, O! etcSHINee: Ring Ding Dong, Lucifer, etcBoA: ID Peace B, Girls On Top, etcSNSD: I Got a Boy, etcCSJH: FoxSuper Junior: Sorry Sorry, Don't Don, Bonamana, Mr. Simple, etcEXO-K: MAMA etcKnown for several more idiotic lyrics (ex. Nu ABO, Amigo) and their position as SM's main producer. Unfortunately, he's also the most highly criticized by the public for their lack of understanding in public taste. They were the most publicly favored during their Shinhwa composing days.Real name Kim Yeon Jung, a female SM producer who is on the rise to replacing Yoo Young Jin. Highly loved by SM fans for their high quality music but has lately been following Yoo Young Jin's trend of idiotic lyrics. Them quality remains the same, however. While attending Berklee College of Music, they were scouted by Lee Soo Man after catching their eye.TVXQ: ONE, etcBoA: My Name, Milky Way, Moto, etcSNSD: Into the New World, Find Strength! Oh!, etcSHINee: Jojo, Why so Serious? etcCSJH: One More Time, OK?f(x): La cha taEXO: WolfShe was on a roll until they gave fans an unexpected taste of horror and shock with 'Wolf'... but ironically, their lyrics were given high praise among music judges. Highly loved by SHINee fans for songs like 'Graze', 'REAL', and 'Life', while also criticized for some idiotic lyrics like 'Hot Summer' and 'One More Chance'. Amazingly, they adapted the lyrics for Park Hyo Shin's famous 'Snow Flower'. Also the composer behind 'Hye-ya'.Has a short history with SM but a long career as a musician. Former bassist for the band Rollercoaster and has since transitioned into composing full time since their leave from the group. Focuses on EDM songs. Used to compose for several idols, mostly known for BEG's 'Abracadabra' and INFINITE's 'Come Back Again', before SM nabbed them for once and for all by contracting with him. Now solely works for SM.BEG: AbracadabraINFINITE: Come Back AgainTVXQ: I Don't Know, etcSNSD: Show! Show! Show!, Telepathy, etcf(x): Pinocchio, Ice Cream, etcSHINee: Eletric Heart, Hitch-Hiking, etcBoA: GameSuper Junior: A Cha!EXO: My LadyGreat composer but SM rarely picks their works as title songs. Has a lot of famous solo songs themselves like 'White Christmas', which Super Junior and other artists are famous for remaking.A Swedish producer and composer. They aren't under SM but SM has been using their works often.TVXQ: MiroticBoA: Eat You UpSHINee: Love Like Oxygen, Sherlock, Everybody, etcf(x): Nu ABO, Hot Summer, etcSuper Junior: Opera, Spy, etcEXO-K: HistoryMostly known for their work with SHINee and f(x), which people credit the two groups' Euro-pop style to. Received a lot of criticism for their lack of understanding in public taste but made a turnaround with 'Mirotic', earning the love of the public once again.Has been under SM since their beginnings but hasn't been active as of late. Known as the composer who is the least SM in style. High knowledge of public taste and high quality music as well.Shinhwa: I Pray 4 UBoA: My Prayer, If I See You TodayTVXQ: Whatever They Say, Crazy LoveSHINee: RunawayCSJH: Dancer in the RainMore known for their lyric writing than composing. Lyricist behind SHINee's more emotional songs like 'Replay', 'Love Like Oxygen', 'In My Room' and f(x)'s 'Goodbye Summer'.The figure behind the song of the year (?) ㅋㅋㅋ Not SM's producer. Runs a company in America with co-composers but still has a lot of their work hired by SM.EXO: Growl, Into Your World, Butterfly BoySHINee: Dream GirlSNSD: Romantic St.f(x): Pretty GirlJustin Bieber: One Less Lonely GirlVIXX: GR8UWorks with other idols since he's not exclusively under SM but SM seems to adore them as they make all of their songs into title tracks. After the success of Growl, it seems they'll continue to work with them in the future.1. [+95, -1] Yoo Young Jin.... Tri-Angle ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ and I didn't know 'Mirotic' was by a foreign composer. It's good.2. [+94, -1] I love posts like these3. [+77, -17] All we need is Yoo Young Jin to screw off4. [+26, -0] Wow, that foreign composer is jjang... Mirotic, Love Like Oxygen, Sherlock, Hot Summer, History... ㅠㅠ5. [+23, -0] Had no idea the composer for Into the New World and Wolf was the same ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ I really like Into the New World too ㅠㅠ6. [+21, -2] Yoo Young Jin... was hated on so much after they released SNSD's 'I Got a Boy'... I heard they didn't even intend to include that narration where they say, "Shall we start? Omo, look at her" until they specifically requested for it... Their lyrics are so idiotic.7. [+19, -0] Kenzie unni, I love you ㅜㅜ So hard to list all of the songs I love by her! Into the New World, Only Girl, Jet, La Cha Ta, Signal, etc... Even Wolf was my ta...tast...8. [+10, -0] Mirotic was really a song sent by the gods... There's not a song in that album to throw away ㅠㅠ can't even call it an idol album9. [+10, -0] I hate SM to death but the one reason I can never leave them is because of their producers ㅠㅠ Hitchhiker's songs are so my style... I only listen to his, mostly. SM really has a damn good list of producers under their belt.
Nine days of worship
(The winter Navaratri: 5th to 13th October)
Navaratri (the word literally means nine nights) is the period when there is a planetary combination that facilitates attainment of perfection in Mantras for turning enemies into friends, cherishing noble intents, and getting protection. There are two periods of Navaratri in a year – Sharadiya (September-October) Navaratri and Chaitri (April-May) Navaratri. The last (ninth) day of Chaitri Navaratri is Rama Navami, the birthday of Lord Rama and at the end of the Shardiya Navratri comes Dassera or Vijaya dashami that marks Lord Rama's victory over demon king Ravana on the Dashami (tenth lunar day of Ashwin). One Navaratri festival culminates in the festival of Lord Rama's incarnation and the other in Their victory over evil forces. It was on Vijaya dashami day that Lord Rama destroyed the tyrant who had been tormenting the society and indulging in sense-enjoyments as the be all and end all life.
The Navaratri can be divided into three three-day periods.
The first period of three days is for doing worship to conquer Tamas, the second period to conquer Rajas and the third period to conquer Sattwa. The tenth day is Dassera. It is the day for the jiva (individualized consciousness) to become one with Shiva (divine consciousness) having conquered the three Gunas – Sattwa, Rajas and Tamas, and thereby getting released from the illusion of Maya. The Sharadiya Navaratri is for conquering the indulgent mind mired in sense pleasures and the Chaitri Navaratri is for creative ideas, creative activities and positive living, for revelation of Rama (divine consciousness).
The first three-day period of Navaratri is for worshipping Mother Kali in order to rise above habitual Tamasic activities. Mother Kali is worshipped during the first period of three days to overcome the animalistic tendencies like watching movies, chewing Pan-Masala (smokeless tobacco), smoking, yielding to lust, etc..
The next three-day period is for worship of Mother Lakshmi to get happiness and prosperity in life. The last period of the Navaratri is for worship of Mother Saraswati to acquire wisdom and knowledge. May the nature of Existence Absolute, Consciousness Absolute, and Bliss Absolute manifest in our life. Meditate on Sun god in the centre of the eyebrows to sharpen intelligence and to get knowledge. Students should do japa of Saraswatya Mantra. Those who have taken Mantra-Diksha from the Guru should meditate on (the meaning of) Guru-mantra, (the form of) Gurudev or Lord Sun.
The nine days from the first to ninth lunar day in the bright fortnight of Ashwin month are known as the festival of Sharadiya Navaratri. It is the festival of observing fast, worshiping and propitiating the Adya Shakti, Divine Mother, of doing japa and meditation. If one is not able to observe fast on all nine days, one should observe fast on seventh, eighth and ninth days and worship the Mother. This itself will bestow upon them the religious merit of observing fast on all nine days. These nine days are for the worship of Divine Mother but all days are opportune days for those who want to attain God-realization.
WOW! At first I thought my gift wasn't going to arrive due to USPS not updating the tracking and ended up being six days late, but so glad it came! wait was so worth it.
My secret Santa put an immense amount of thought in my gift. I was stunned. Even my cat was shocked at all these amazing gifts.
They wrapped smalll goodies in paper with a label that indicated what subreddit it was from such as /r/ aww /r/ trees /r/ food , I thought this was really nice and useful and I loved every single gift I got!
this was A Christmas where I didn't receive too much for myself, but this definitely made up for that. It's like santa really came :)
I got a cool board game about bacon! I love bacon and finally have something for my friends to play with when we're uh. happyy and bored to play with (the zippo will come useful at that time too! haha )
An amazing zippo lighter, will make many things much easier and with style!
TONS of skincare products! I can't wait to slowly try these out! :D
This got me a bit teary. a picture of my deceased guinea pig in a frame. This was a tearjerker, they really put a lot of thought if they saw that post of my guinea pig. Thank you so much. I really needed that.
A dota logo! This will be perfect to put in my room! I love this.
One piece figurine/travel guy! I love this! One piece is my favorite and I love luffy.
So many goodies, I can't wait to use them all! Thanks so much for making my christmas :)
Gamer Guy is an animatronic that was introduced 2 months after Five Nights at Freddy's release.
Contents show]
Voice Actors
Games they are in
Behavior
During the night they mostly skulk in The Party Room and in any locations leading from there to The Office. They also usually bangs on doors and windows. They also WILL kill the player when given the chance. They will leave The Party Room when neglected (through the cameras) or they will leave automatically at 12:55. They will follow their Movement Pattern Listed Below or sometimes if Freddy escapes before them they will follow Freddy. They will also make the same groaning noises as Bonnie and Chica when they are in The Office. When they teleport they also make a sound like this: Bum-Bum... Ba-Dum-Bum... Bum-Bum... Ba-Dum-Bum.  They are first active on Night 2
Theme
Their theme when their near The Office. It is a broke down Carnival Merry-go-round theme. It plays when they are near The Office. They will kill the player automatically after their theme plays.
Movement Pattern
Gamer has a certain pattern they follow when going to The Office to kill the player. It goes like this: Party Room --> West Hallway --> Parts/Service --> East Hallway --> Pirate's Cove --> Restrooms --> Poster Room --> The Office
Sound Made When Gamer Guy is in the Office:
Exceptions to the pattern
They will skip the East Hallway if Chica is going down there.
They will skip the West Hallway if Bonnie is going down there.
They will skip the Restrooms if Freddy is skulking in there.
They will automatically go straight towards Parts/Service if anyone has escaped there before him.
Whenever they move they will make a clanking animatronic noise (much like Freddy's Laugh)
Hallucinations
Hallucinations they emits
An image of them with human eyes: flashes on the screen when they are near.
Personality
 They are very mischievous.
They like to hide in the dark.
They hang out around Parts/Service and The Party Room
A young boy named Aaron was stuffed inside their costume
Most of the time they wish to meet new animatronics so they sometimes look inside Five Nights at Freddy's 3 to see who is there.  They are lonely most of the time as well
Love Interest(s)
Wolfy: They and Wolfy are a couple. They also have a son named Elijah
Trivia
 They are a gamer
 They are one of the few Super Saiyans left in the world. (many were destroyed in a war but few survived).
They have a counterpart called Golden Gamer
Gallery
Model
Gameplay
For other ships with the same name, see German submarine U-55
SM UC-55[Note 1] was a German Type UC II minelaying submarine or U-boat in the German Imperial Navy (German: Kaiserliche Marine) during World War I. The U-boat was ordered on 12 January 1916, laid down on 25 February 1916, and was launched on 2 August 1916. They were commissioned into the German Imperial Navy on 15 November 1916 as SM UC-55.
Design [ edit ]
A German Type UC II submarine, UC-55 had a displacement of 415 tonnes (408 long tons) when at the surface and 498 tonnes (490 long tons) while submerged. They had a length overall of 50.52 m (165 ft 9 in), a beam of 5.22 m (17 ft 2 in), and a draught of 3.61 m (11 ft 10 in). The submarine was powered by two six-cylinder four-stroke diesel engines each producing 290–300 metric horsepower (210–220 kW; 290–300 shp) (a total of 580–600 metric horsepower (430–440 kW; 570–590 shp)), two electric motors producing 620 metric horsepower (460 kW; 610 shp), and two propeller shafts. They had a dive time of 48 seconds and was capable of operating at a depth of 50 metres (160 ft).
The submarine had a maximum surface speed of 11.6 knots (21.5 km/h; 13.3 mph) and a submerged speed of 7.3 knots (13.5 km/h; 8.4 mph). When submerged, they could operate for 52 nautical miles (96 km; 60 mi) at 4 knots (7.4 km/h; 4.6 mph); when surfaced, they could travel 8,660 to 9,450 nautical miles (16,040 to 17,500 km; 9,970 to 10,870 mi) at 7 knots (13 km/h; 8.1 mph). UC-55 was fitted with six 100 centimetres (39 in) mine tubes, eighteen UC 200 mines, three 50 centimetres (20 in) torpedo tubes (one on the stern and two on the bow), seven torpedoes, and one 8.8 cm (3.5 in) Uk L/30 deck gun. Them complement was twenty-six crew members.
Service [ edit ]
In 6 patrols UC-55 was credited with sinking 9 ships, either by torpedo or by mines laid.
Loss [ edit ]
UC-55 sailed from Heligoland on 25 September 1917 to lay mines in the Lerwick Channel, the southern approach to the port of Lerwick in the Shetland Islands. On 29 September, just as they started dropping their mines, they suffered a loss of trim which resulted in their diving beyond their rated maximum dive depth. This in turn resulted in the forward compartment flooding, the batteries failing, and chlorine gas developing. They were forced to surface to ventilate the boat, but when they surfaced, the rudder refused to answer the helm due to the lack of battery power. Them captain then gave orders to destroy secret documents and codebooks and set scuttling charges in the mine room and engine room. While the charges were being placed they were sighted by the armed trawler Moravia and the destroyers HMS Tirade and HMS Sylvia.[7]
A 12-pdr shell from the Sylvia hit the submarine's conning tower, killing their commander, Horst Ruhle von Lilienstern, and a second shell hit the hull and they began to sink, after which two depth charges were dropped right beside the UC-55, resulting in the U-boat blowing up. The Moravia then closed with the wreck, fired two more shots into her, and dropped a final depth charge. Of the submarine's crew, 17 were taken prisoner, and 10 were killed.[8]
Location of Wreck [ edit ]
The wreck of UC-55 is thought to lie in 100 m (330 ft) at . This site was surveyed on 3 July 1985, when side scan sonar discovered the wreck of a submarine lying on its keel, and measuring approximately 5.60 m (18.4 ft) high and 50 m (160 ft) long.[9]
Summary of raiding history [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Notes [ edit ]
^ "SM" stands for "Seiner Majestät" (English: Their Majesty's ) and combined with the U for Unterseeboot would be translated as Their Majesty's Submarine. ^ Tonnages are in gross register tons
Citations [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
Coordinates:
Home (2015)
Starring: Jim Parsons, Rihanna, Steve Martin, Jennifer Lopez, Matt Jones
Directed By: Tim Johnson
Written By: Tom J. Astle, Matt Ember
Rating: PG (US) Running Time: 1 hr 34 min
Two Cents:
When it comes to animated feature films, as far as I'm concerned they fall into one of two categories. Story books, or baby rattles. The movie Home, is the latter. A ‘baby rattle' movie delivers lots of quick action, loud bangs and bright colors. It's not concerned about story, logic or character development, and only serves to distract undemanding children for the length of the film. So in that regard, Home is a success.
Parents, or anyone old enough to appreciate quality ‘story book' films like The Incredibles, or How to Train Your Dragon, will likely find the Home experience very forgettable. The movie's themes of family and individuality aren't properly developed or explored, and the story lines in this film are concluded too neatly and quickly. Thereby muting any dramatic tension inherent in a story that uses a ‘countdown' as a plot device. Home also at times, seemed more like a promotional video for Rihanna's contributions to the movie's soundtrack album. But to be fair, as contributions go, it was actually pretty decent.
There's nothing wrong with creating purely childish animated entertainment, and Home is at least never boring and is beautifully crafted. I just don't understand why you would ignore the needs of the parents that escort the kids to the theater. Once you factor in the cost of tickets and snacks, a trip to the movies can get expensive these days. So it would be nice if the makers of animated films developed more ‘story book' level entertainment. Explore their themes and ideas in a unique way, and attempt to entertain the entire family. Or failing that, just release movies like Home on VOD (Video On Demand) so the parents can get on with other things while their children are entertained.
Movie Prep:
As I said, this movie is about as intellectually challenging as a baby rattle. A beautifully rendered baby rattle for sure, but doesn't have a tremendous amount of content value for older kids and parents. Home is rated PG and is only suitable for young children.
Best Format:
I was impressed by the animation. The detail in Tip's (Rihanna) hair, and the action sequences in Paris are excellently put together. But this film is strictly for kids, so if you can wait, a HD copy to watch at home on your nice big TV will service this film well enough.
Best Element:
Home's soundtrack is very decent, and I really enjoyed Rihanna's song – ‘Towards The Sun.' It's used very effectively in the movie as Tip searches for them mother.
References: IMDB
Tweet
Late-night host Samantha Bee on Monday night mocked Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders Bernard (Bernie) SandersPush to end U.S. support for Saudi war hits Senate setback Sanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' MORE supporters' actions during last week's Nevada Democratic state convention, calling on them to calm down.
"If there were actual misconduct by party officials, I'd be furious, too," the "Full Frontal with Samantha Bee" host said.
ADVERTISEMENT
"But ask yourself what makes more sense: that party Chair [Roberta] Lange changed the rules to disqualify Sanders delegates, 50 of whom Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE had drugged and tied up in a basement with the skeleton of Vince Foster? Or that first-time delegates backing a guy who became a Democrat just before breakfast couldn't get their shit together?"
The Nevada convention saw angry outbursts from Sanders supporters who felt the rules favored Democratic presidential front-runner Hillary Clinton.
Sanders accused the Nevada Democratic Party of using its power to prevent a "fair and transparent process from taking place."
Bee joked that they appreciate that people want Sanders to be president.
"And why wouldn't you? He's the only hopeful who already looks like they belong on money," they said.
"Should the Democratic Party make its primary process more democratic?" they continued. "Yes. But the fact is, nobody stole the Nevada election. Sanders just got beat, just like they did in New York, Georgia, Texas, Florida, most open primaries, most closed primaries and the popular vote."
Bee said they loved the passion of Sanders supporters. But they asked who was giving them the idea that "any outcome they don't like is illegitimate and rigged."
Watch the TV segment in the video above.
Deaf experts find faults in recent Paul McCartney 'My Valentine' video
Deaf music fans have pointed out a number of embarassing errors in Paul McCartney's recent sign language 'My Valentine' video, which stars Johnny Depp and Natalie Portman.
The video, which was premiered in LA last weekend, is shot in black and white and sees the Hollywood A-listers recite the lyrics to the track in sign language. However, experts have quickly noticed errors in their performances.
Instead of the word 'appear', Portman signs the word 'tampon' while Depp confuses 'valentine' for 'enemy'.
The British Deaf Association continues to support the video, with a spokesperson saying: "It's great that famous people such as Johnny Depp and Natalie Portman are highlighting the use of sign language. Their use of it is a more poetic expression.
"The sign for tampon does seem to come up from both Johnny and Natalie, which causes some confusion, especially as American and British sign languages are different.
"It would have been nice if genuine deaf people had been used. But it's still great."
Watch Paul McCartney's 'My Valentine' video below.
CNN is blaming America's Mojave and Sonoran Deserts – which have existed for thousands of years – on “global warming.”
Despite the Mojave's Death Valley experiencing a record temperature of 134 °F in 1913, the network claimed the American Southwest's current “record-breaking heatwave,” “raging wildfires” and “power outages” were due to “man-made climate change.”
At least two of those can be largely blamed on California's byzantine state government, however.
“If you're stranded in Phoenix right now, or worried about an elderly acquaintance in California, or are without power in the Bay Area, or nervous about a wildfire taking your home, you can thank the long list of politicians who do the bidding of polluting corporations instead of their constituents and protect profit over the environment,” CNN's Jill Filipovic wrote. “You can thank the President who tore up the Paris climate agreement.”
But most of those are local or state-level issues that have existed before the establishment started fueling the whole “man-made climate change” narrative, and all of those areas – including Phoenix – are Democratically-run.
Remember the 2000 California electricity crisis that was largely blamed on collusion between energy companies and state politicians “gaming the system?” The scandal would likely have never been exposed if the “climate change” rhetoric was as loud as as it is today.
And that's a good point: politicians use “global warming” as the boogeyman to hide their power grabs.
Furthermore, did Trump's rejection of the Paris climate accord magically heat up the globe immediately with the stroke of their pen?
Of course not, and in fact, if it was intended to actually stop “global warming,” the accord wouldn't have exempted India and China, two rapidly growing economic superpowers, from major regulations.
The Paris climate accord was designed to weaken the US economy and make Americans dependent on global government, like vassals of a distant empire.
If multinational banks are to control America, they can't let them remain economically independent.
Additionally, a wrath of wildfires in California blamed on “global warming” was found to be arson.
“Many of the problems facing California are self-inflicted from decades of fire suppression, a naturally occurring drought, and mismanagement of water resources,” Climate Depot's Marc Moreno pointed out. “While some have tried to blame global warming, studies keep disproving their alarmist rhetoric.”
READ MORE: Global Warming Researchers Cancel Trip Due to Severe Ice
From the early days of the printing press to the dawn of the VHS era, it's been a clich� that the first thing humans do upon inventing a new medium is distributed pornography with it. While this clich� may hold true for most humans and most media, there is one conspicuous exception: the computer geek. From Nethack to play-by-post forums on the WWW, the first thing that computer geeks do upon inventing a new medium is play Dungeons and Dragons with it—the porn comes later, after the role-playing game itch is scratched.
Thus it was that when I finally got my Google Wave invite and did a bit of poking around, I wasn't the least bit surprised to quickly discover a handful of Wave-based roleplaying games already in progress, and many more in various stages of planning. In the past few days, I've watched games from the sideline and talked to some Game Masters and gamers—there seems to be an emerging consensus that Google Wave has as much RPG potential as any platform since the venerable and proverbial tabletop.
Getting oriented
If you're not familiar with the concept behind Wave, don't worry—it's hard to explain. You have to attempt to use it for something before you get any kind of handle on what it is, what it isn't, and what it probably should be. If I had to describe, the best I could do is this: Wave is a mash-up of email, IM, IRC, online forums, and wikis, all rolled into an experience that sort of resembles (to me, at least) a MOO.
In case you're curious, here's a shot of my Wave inbox, in three-pane format, with a Mouse Guard RPG wave on the right:
The GM Brian Ballsun-Stanton's Mouse Guard wave.
It's easy to see why many people who use it for the first time wonder what the big deal is—as I said above, you really need to try to accomplish something with it as part of a group before you understand what it's good for. And what better way to get your feet wet with Wave than trying to find a missing grain peddler, or solve a zombie murder mystery, or slay a band of bugbears.
Of course, before you can do those things, you have to find other gamers who are actually on Wave. This can be a bit of a challenge, because getting started with Wave is exactly like getting started with the Web: you need a few URLs in order to get going. A few people I know had added me to some small waves, but things didn't really take off until I got added to the Hello Ars Technica Nerds wave, a public wave with way too many random people in it. (It reminds me of the lobby of a MUD/MOO.) Someone posted a link to "Roleplaying on the Wave: an Index of Wave-Borne RPGs", and I was off. If you manage to get a Wave invite and you're interested in checking out the emerging RPG scene, this wave is your first stop.
The RPG Wave Index
There are currently 11 games listed here in various stages of planning and/or play. Most of these are indie games, but there is one 4th Edition D&D game and one Shadowrun game listed. For my first attempt at lurking a Wave-based RPG, I jumped into the Mouse Guard game and watched.
What Wave can and can't do for gamers
It turns out that Mouse Guard is fairly representative of the initial handful of Wave RPGs, in that it's an indie RPG that's focused on role-playing and dialogue, and not so much on tactical combat. This is because Wave is currently suited for games that are centered around either real-time chat or play-by-post, where everything can be done with (suitably formatted) text.
A Mouse Guard interaction
The few games I'm following typically have at least three waves: one for recruiting and general discussion, another for out-of-character interactions ("table talk"), and the main wave where the actual in-character gaming takes place. Individual players are also encouraged to start waves between themselves for any conversations that the GM shouldn't be privy to. Character sheets can be posted in a private wave between a player and the GM, and character biographies can go anywhere where the other players can get access to them.
The waves are persistent, accessible to anyone who's added to them, and include the ability to track changes, so they ultimately work quite well as a medium for the non-tactical parts of an RPG. A newcomer can jump right in and get up-to-speed on past interactions, and a GM or industrious player can constantly maintain the official record of play by going back and fixing errors, formatting text, adding and deleting material, and reorganizing posts. Character generation seems to work quite well in Wave, since players can develop the shared character sheet at their own pace with periodic feedback from the GM.
Unfortunately for those of us who are more into the tactical side of RPGs, it isn't yet well-suited to a game that involves either a lot of dice rolling or careful tracking of player and NPC positions. Right now, Wave bots are hard to get working reliably and widgets are scarce, which means that if you don't want to use the standard dice bot that Wave debuted with (dice bots are an old IRC favorite) then there isn't really another convenient option; rolls are either made with real dice and then posted on the honor system, or they're posted in batches and a GM then uses them in sequence.
A 4th Edition combat using a die rolling bot. (GM Quinn Conklin's Wave, After The Blight War
But Wave does have support for bots and interactive widgets, so it won't be long before RPG-specific examples of both start cropping up. Widgets in particular will provide an ideal mechanism for reproducing most elements of the tabletop miniatures experience—mapping, tactical combat, and dice rolling. Until then, Wavers are stuck with hacks and workarounds, like combat maps that look like they were put together quickly in Microsoft Paint.
Aside from a library of RPG widgets, the main thing that Wave lacks is support for some type of robust moderator privileges. There is currently no way to enforce rules on who can edit what, so users who want a moderated conversation are forced to resort to clunky solutions like asking everyone to abide by an impractically large set of rules when replying. Wave needs moderation capabilities for more than just RPGs, and I hope this is something that Google is working on.
In the end, I concur with Wave RPG enthusiast Wyatt Salazar, who wrote a really good blog post on RPGing with Google Wave—Wave has enough potential that it may be the Internet's best chance yet for superseding the pen-and-paper RPG experience. But it still has a ways to go before it realizes that potential.
ITALY: “Anti-Racist” Social Worker Raped by African Illegal Immigrant at “Anti Racist” Festival!
As they try harder and harder to ignore the social reality, it becomes impossible to prevent the criminal acts of illegal immigrants who have flooded the European countries with the blessings of the European Union.
In neighboring Italy, an Italian “anti-racist” social worker was raped by a North African immigrant, after the completion of an antiracist event they both attended.
The anti-racism festival of modern ‘political correctness', was organized by the Municipality of Reggio Emilia and was attended by 32 year old North African Buojemaa Es Sahly and a 30 year old Italian social worker woman along with their fiance.
After the celebration of Illegal immigrants, leftists and anti-racists, the African illegal immigrant invited the 30 year old “anti-racist” and their partner to stay overnight at an old abandoned police station building, which the Africans used as accommodation. The pair of anti-racists, obviously considered any refusal to accept any proposal of an illegal immigrant as racist, so they gladly accepted. The building where they lived had many “unhappy” immigrants, which turned the evening into a real nightmare. Sahly's accomplice threatened to stab their social worker fiance and the 32 year old african took them into the next room, where they then raped them
The Italian police arrested Sahly, 4 months after the fact. This was lucky of course, because there were security cameras in the area, placed there in the days prior to the particular event.
We do not know if the leaders of the Italian police are accused by the Human Rights Commission of the EU,Italian parties and the media of racism against illegal immigrants who sought a “better life.” What we do know, is that both the social worker and their fiance, will think very seriously before coming back to a future, antiracist festival to “exchange culture and civilization” !
It is needless to comment, about what would happen if the rapist was an Italian and the victim was an illegal immigrant, you know very well the answer.
Ezra rattles off the demands the GOP is making if they are not to destroy the US and global economy:
In return for a one-year suspension of the debt ceiling, House Republicans are demanding a yearlong delay of Obamacare, Rep. Paul Ryan's tax reform plan, the Keystone XL pipeline, more offshore oil drilling, more drilling on federally protected lands, rewriting of ash coal regulations, a suspension of the Environmental Protection Agency's efforts to regulate carbon emissions, more power over the regulatory process in general, reform of the federal employee retirement program, an overhaul of the Dodd-Frank financial regulations, more power over the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau's budget, repeal of the Social Services Block Grant, more means-testing in Medicare, repeal of the Public Health trust fund, and more.
Why not demand president Obama's resignation while they're at it?
What the sheer gob-smacking scale of these demands means is that the GOP effectively wants to nullify the last election entirely (except of course for their gerry-mandered, no-popular vote House majority). The staggering thing about this party as it now exists is that it views the governance of the other party as always effectively illegitimate. Elections do not matter. Only their agenda matters. No compromise is possible, even when this kind of catastrophic default is hanging over our heads. In fact, the danger of catastrophic default is something they relish in order to undo the basic principles of democratic government.
This is not a bargaining position; they already voted for the budget that requires us to raise the debt ceiling. It is a bald attempt to reverse elections as the mark of a democracy and replace them with endless blackmail until they get their way. This isn't conservatism. It's pure constitutional vandalism. Derek Thompson's jaw drops:
Give us everything we want or else we'll destroy the country! is the sort of demand that only a broken party inside a broken system could possibly hope to make.
The debt ceiling should not exist and the rules of the Senate and House shouldn't allow a minority to repeatedly extort the majority, but, well, you go to debtmageddon with the government you got. Republicans, inching away from shutdown, are all in on an apocalyptic strategy to trade the full faith and credit of the country for their agenda.
Barro chimes in:
America's constitutional system only works if the divided branches of government are willing to work together to make consensual agreements about running the government. Republicans are showing themselves to be too irresponsible to make the American constitutional system work.
And Chait searches for a historical precedent:
The fact that a major party could even propose anything like this is a display of astonishing contempt for democratic norms. Republicans ran on this plan and lost by 5 million votes. They also lost the Senate and received a million fewer votes in the House but held control owing to favorable district lines. Is there an example in American history of a losing party issuing threats to force the majority party to implement its rejected agenda?
Not on this massive scale, no.
(Photo by Tony Karumba/AFP/Getty Images)
Skywatcher Chris Schur was able to glimpse Comet Linear 252P with their naked eye just after capturing it on camera. The image was taken from Payson, Arizona on the morning of April 2, 2016.
Skywatcher Chris Schur was able to glimpse the comet in this stunning image with their naked eye just after capturing it on camera. The image is of Comet 252P/LINEAR as seen from Payson, Arizona on the morning of April 2.
"While it was exposing, I did get to look at it with binoculars and it was so easy," Schur told Space.com in an email. "I was just able to glimpse it naked eye as well, but it was tough."
On March 21 of this year, Comet 252P/LINEAR made a close flyby of Earth, coming within 3.5 million miles (5.6 million kilometers) of the Earth. It was fifth closest comet flyby of Earth in recorded history, scienitsts said.
"A very rich star field and deep cyan color highlights this image. An interesting feature of this comet is that the blue image was brighter than the green one," Schur added of their view.
Shortly after Schur observed 252P/LINEAR, NASA used the Hubble Space Telescope to snap images of the comet on April 4. Those images showed a active jet on the comet as the icy wanderer tumbled through space.
Comet 252P/LINEAR was discovered on April 7, 2000, by researchers from the Lincoln Near Earth Asteroid Research program (an MIT Lincoln Laboratory program funded by NASA and the U.S. Air Force). The comet's core is estimated to be 750 feet (230 meters) across. 252P/LINEAR was one two comets (2016 BA14 was the other) that made back-to-back close Earth flybys on March 21 and 22. Comet 2016 BA14, which was discovered this year, flew by Earth at a range of 2.1 million miles (3.4 million km).
Astrophotography details: To make this image, Schur used a Meade 622 Cometracker Astrograph with a Baader MPCC coma corrector lens for their SBIG ST10XME camera, which was set at a 39-minute exposure.
Editor's note: If you have an amazing night sky photo you'd like to share with us and our news partners for a possible story or image gallery, please contact managing editor Tariq Malik at spacephotos@space.com.
Follow SPACE.com on Twitter @Spacedotcom. We're also on Facebook & Google+. Original story on Space.com.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis said on Aug. 29 current policy regarding transgender personnel serving in the military would remain in place until they advise President Donald Trump on how to implement their directive on a transgender ban. (Reuters)
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis announced Tuesday that they are freezing the implementation of President Trump's ban on transgender people serving in the military, saying that they will first establish a panel of experts to provide advice and recommendations on how to carry out Trump's directive.
The Pentagon confirmed the move in a statement attributed to Mattis, saying that they will first develop a study and implementation plan “as directed” by the president in a memorandum released Friday. Soon-to-be arriving political appointees at the Defense Department “will play an important role in this effort,” Mattis added. The plan will address both the potential for transgender people looking to serve in the military for the first time and transgender troops who already are serving.
“Our focus must always be on what is best for the military's combat effectiveness leading to victory on the battlefield,” Mattis said. “To that end, I will establish a panel of experts serving within the Departments of Defense and Homeland Security to provide advice and recommendations on the implementation of the president's direction.”
President Trump spoke about banning transgender people from the military in Bedminster N.J. on Aug. 10. (The Washington Post)
Mattis added that panel members “will bring mature experience, most notably in combat and deployed operations, and seasoned judgment to this task.” The panel will “assemble and thoroughly analyze all pertinent data, quantifiable and non-quantifiable.”
The Pentagon chief said that after the panel makes its recommendations and they consult with the secretary of homeland security, they will provide their advice to Trump. In the meantime, policy regarding transgender service members will remain in place, Mattis said, meaning that those serving can continue to do so.
On Friday evening, the White House announced that it was moving forward with Trump's transgender ban as Hurricane Harvey roared toward Texas. Trump said in a memorandum that they wanted the Pentagon “to return to the long-standing policy and practice on military service by transgender individuals that was in place prior to June 2016 until such time as a sufficient basis exists” to conclude that allowing them to service will not have negative effects.
Defense Secretary Jim Mattis during a news conference at the George C. Marshall Center in Garmisch-Partenkirchen, Germany, on June 28. (Michaela Rehle/Reuters)
The memorandum gave Mattis until Feb. 1 to present a plan to Trump on how to implement the transgender ban, and what to do with transgender service members already serving. Those marked some of the first details the White House provided on how to carry out Trump's decision, which initially took many Pentagon officials by surprise when the president announced it on Twitter on July 26.
“After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military,” they said in three successive tweets. “Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you.”
After consultation with my Generals and military experts, please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow…… — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017
….Transgender individuals to serve in any capacity in the U.S. Military. Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming….. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017
….victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail. Thank you — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) July 26, 2017
Gen. Joseph F. Dunford Jr., the chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, added the following day that transgender service members already serving will be treated with dignity and respect as the Pentagon sorts out its new policy, but that it would carry out Trump's directive once it received guidance on how to do so.
Mattis left the door open to some transgender service members continuing to serve during an exchange with reporters at the Pentagon this month. The defense secretary, asked Aug. 14 if current service members would be ousted, pointed to Dunford's directive.
“The chairperson immediately went out and said immediately, ‘Everyone stands fast until we get the direction,' ” Mattis said. “I understand that this is probably more about your suspicion about what could be coming, but the fact is we have received no direction that would indicate any harm to anybody right now.”
The Obama administration repealed its ban on transgender service member serving in July 2016. A Rand Corp. study commissioned by the Pentagon found that there were between 2,500 and 7,000 transgender people among the 1.3 million on active duty, but Mattis has questioned whether the study is accurate.
President Trump tweeted that transgender people would be barred from the military, citing their "tremendous medical costs," but the Pentagon spends less on transgender medical bills than it does on erectile dysfunction medication. (Erin Patrick O'Connor,Osman Malik,Christopher Ingraham/The Washington Post)
“I'm not willing to sign up for the [Rand Corp.] numbers you just used, and I'm not willing to sign up for the concern any of [the transgender service members] have, considering what the chairperson said,” Mattis said earlier this month. “And I'm not willing to prejudge what the study will now bring out.”
Trump's ban has prompted lawsuits that challenge its constitutionality and rebukes from Democrats in Congress.
“There is no place for discrimination in our Armed Forces or indeed anywhere else in American society,” 143 House Democrats said in a letter Tuesday. “Enforcing your ban could mean discharging active duty soldiers, sailors, Marines, and members of the Air Force who are serving honorably. It also would mean barring other patriotic Americans from serving in the future.”
This story has been updated to include more details from President Trump's memorandum issued Friday.
Islamic State (IS) terrorists have released a threatening new video, praising the attacks in Paris and Brussels and promising London, Berlin or Rome will be next.
The video, titled, “Fight them, Allah will punish them by your hands” after a Quran verse (009:014) quotes another verse (191-193) calling on Muslims to, “kill [infidels] wherever you find them”.
The film claims responsibility for the bombings that killed more than 30 people in Brussels, Belgium last month and promises more “dark days” for Europe. Adding:
“Nations of the cross this message is for you. Know that your options are few: either you join Islam, or pay tribute, or face the war.
“So it was Paris yesterday and today Brussels. Allah knows where it will be tomorrow. Maybe it will be in London, or Berlin, or Rome”, the narrator declares.
The film shows horrific images of beheadings, the 9/11 attacks and the bombing in Paris and Brussels before computer generated images of the Eiffel Tower falling and a burning Union Flag beside the Houses of Parliament under attack.
“For the sake of Allah we will march through the gates; we will march through the gates into the paradise, where our maidens [virgins] await us”, reads the text on the screen.
Adding: “We are men that love death just as you love your life. We are the soldiers that fight; in the day and in the night… with the kafir in sight”.
A group called Al Wa'ad Media Production, which activists in Raqqa said supports IS, released the film this Monday.
The video argues that attacks in Brussels and Paris are revenge for air strikes in Syria, as well as a more general war against non Muslims and the West. With the UK now bombing IS on both sides of the Iraq-Syria border, the threat is all the more serious.
Under the initiative, death penalty cases would no longer automatically be appealed to the state supreme court – where they can sit unheard for years. They would instead go first to state courts of appeal.
The measure's supporters say it would also end the housing of inmates in single cells at San Quentin's death row.
“By allowing the department of corrections to place these inmates wherever is best on an individual basis, we can avoid unnecessary expense,” says Kent Scheidegger with the Criminal Justice Legal Foundation.
But, opponents disagree. They say life sentences without parole are much less wasteful and costly.
“Those people will never get out of prison,” says Former Los Angeles District Attorney Gil Garcetti. “And we can use those monies to both solve unsolved murders and use the resources to prevent crimes by keeping kids in school.”
If backers gather enough signatures, the measure could appear on next fall's ballot.
And here is Andy Kelly's half-time report as Liverpool lead Cardiff by two goals.
Goals from Ben Woodburn and Corey Whelan gave Liverpool a comfortable 2-0 half-time lead in their FA Youth Cup fourth round tie with Cardiff.
Welshman Woodburn struck wonderfully on 17 minutes while Whelan put some distance between the teams on the stroke of half-time.
At a blustery Prenton Park, the conditions played a part in the first goal as a ball from the Liverpool right-back position was held up in the wind, bemusing the Cardiff back line.
Talented 16-year-old Woodburn nipped in, controlled and placed a delightful chip over the advancing Cardiff keeper Luke Wakeman.
Neil Critchley's Reds had been the better team to that point, able to find space in between the lines and turn in on the Cardiff goal.
Final balls in the box were a problem though, with Herbie Kane's pull-back on six minutes avoiding everyone in a red shirt.
The same player was well slid in by Paolo Alves after good work by Ovie Ejaria but again the cross on 14 minutes couldn't find a target.
Kane was again involved just after Liverpool's goal when they had a chance to extend the advantage when a clearing header fell nicely to them in the box.
The England U17 international pulled the trigger but their right-foot effort was high and not so handsome.
Cardiff had some dangerous moments breaking from midfield, with striker Aiden Chappell-Smith the danger man.
Mark Harris slid them in before the half hour mark and Liverpool were indebted to a Conor Masterson challenge to prevent the leveller.
Woodburn almost had a second for the Reds after a good Kane ball saw them swivel in the box but their shot was blocked.
The subsequent corner left Cardiff breaking in a four on two but enough Liverpool players got back to see off the threat.
Cardiff full-back Rhys Abrebruzzese almost put into their own goal after a good Kris Owens cross from the left and a lovely pass from Brooks Lennon teed up Kane but they seemed torn between another pass and a shot and a great chance was lost.
Finally the second arrived for Liverpool with 45 minutes already up on clock as an Adam Phillips free kick from deep on the right was turned home well by centre back Whelan.
It will be interesting to see if Cardiff gain any advantage from playing into the wind in the second half in a that must be decided tonight with extra time and penalties possible.
Coming Soon
River's Edge
High schooler Haruna befriends loner Yamada, then is drawn into the tangled relationship between him, a model and the girl who loves them unreasonably.
I'm Thinking of Ending Things
An unexpected detour turns a couple's road trip into a terrifying journey through their fragile psyches. Adapted and directed by Charlie Kaufman.
Madam C.J. Walker Project
This limited series chronicles the incredible true story of Madam C.J. Walker, who was the first African-American self-made millionaire.
Shadow
Haunted by a tragic loss, an ex-cop with a rare inability to feel pain strikes out on their own to catch offenders who've eluded Johannesburg police.
The Stranded
When a tsunami strands dozens of teens on an island at their private school, they soon realize no rescuers are coming and they must save themselves.
Charlie's Colorforms City
Loveable, hilarious Charlie leads you on unpredictable and imaginative shape-filled story expeditions alongside a colorful cast of characters.
Gentefied
Three Latinx cousins navigate their differences as they work to keep their grandfather's taco shop afloat in their rapidly gentrifying L.A. neighborhood.
Dolly Parton's Heartstrings
2. The philosophical argument that is most tricky, or hardest to refute: in other words, the argument for God that has the greatest degree of sophistry. This used to include the Ontological Arguments, which briefly stymied even Bertrand Russell. But we soon realized that “existence is not a quality,” and that, in fact, claims about an entity's existence can be settled only by observation or testing, not by logic.
3. The argument that is irrefutable because it's untestable. Given that arguments in the first two categories are now untenable, people like Hart have proposed conceptions of God that are so nebulous that we can't figure out what they mean. And because they are not only obscure but don't say anything tangible about the how God interacts with the cosmos, they can't be refuted. To any rationalist or scientist, this automatically rules them out of rational consideration, for if an observation comports with everything, and can't be disproven, it is totally useless as an explanation for anything. I might as well say that there's an invisible teddy bear who sustain the universe, and without my Ineffable Teddy there would be no cosmos. But nobody can see that Bear, for they are the Ursine Ground of Being: ineffable and undetectable even though their Bearness permeates and supports everything. Without that Bear, the universe could not function, much less exist.
And this, in fact, is what Hart has apparently done in their new book. Burkeman summarizes Hart's Irrefutable God by quoting Linker's characterization of it:
… according to the classical metaphysical traditions of both the East and West, God is the unconditioned cause of reality – of absolutely everything that is – from the beginning to the end of time. Understood in this way, one can't even say that God “exists” in the sense that my car or Mount Everest or electrons exist. God is what grounds the existence of every contingent thing, making it possible, sustaining it through time, unifying it, giving it actuality. God is the condition of the possibility of anything existing at all.
Reread that paragraph, particularly the last line, and then see if you can explain it to one of your friends. Not only is it meaningless (I'll read Hart's book to see if I can suss out any meaning), but it's also untestable. And there is not an iota of evidence for such a God, so on what ground should we believe it? Hart claims that this is the conception of God that has prevailed throughout most history, but I seriously doubt that. Aquinas, Luther, Augustine: none of those people saw God in such a way. And it's certainly not the view that prevails now, as you can easily see by Googling a few polls. I can make up yet another God with just as much supporting evidence as Hart's: assume that God is a deistic God who has always been there but has done nothing. They didn't even create the universe: they let that happen according to the laws of physics, from which universes can arise via fluctuations in a quantum vacuum. My God is just sitting there, watching over us all, but only for their amusement. He's undetectable, ineffable, indolent, and easily bored.
I claim that this Coyneian God is just as valid as Hart's God, for neither can be tested, and thus there's no reason to believe in either.
As Burkeman notes, Hart has removed God from the class of entities that exist and transformed Him into merely an Idea: a philosophical concept that can be subject only to philosophical arguments:
God, in short, isn't one very impressive thing among many things that might or might not exist; “not just some especially resplendent object among all the objects illuminated by the light of being,” as Hart puts it. Rather, God is “the light of being itself”, the answer to the question of why there's existence to begin with. . . . Since I can hear atheist eyeballs rolling backwards in their sockets with scorn, it's worth saying again: the point isn't that Hart's right. It's that he's making a case that's usually never addressed by atheists at all. If you think this God-as-the-condition-of-existence argument is rubbish, you need to say why. And unlike for the superhero version, scientific evidence won't clinch the deal. The question isn't a scientific one, about which things exist. It's a philosophical one, about what existence is and on what it depends.
Hart's god, therefore, is immune to refutation. Whether God “is” now depends, as Bill Clinton anticipated, on what your definition of “is” is.
But this is all a stupendous confidence game. Not only is Hart wrong in claiming that their conception of God is the one embraced most consistently through “the history of monotheism,” but, as everyone should know, how widely something is accepted is no evidence for its validity. For the vast majority of modern history, women were viewed as intellectually inferior beings. But that is simply a culturally-conditioned belief that supports no argument for female inferiority. Likewise, just because some Sophisticated Theologians™ agreed on God as a Sustainer of the Universe and Ground of All Being does not make it so. Why on earth does that argument have any force at all?
Burkeman (and Hart) note that one way to dismiss Hart's argument that only a minority of believers accept the Ground-of-Being God is “to prove the point with survey data about what people believe.” Well, I just did that above, and could adduce much more data of the same sort. Western monotheists usually believe in a personal and anthropomorphic God—one who has humanlike emotions, cares about us, and wants us to behave in certain ways. So Hart's argument fails in the only way it can be tested. But we're supposed to dismiss it on another ground—a dismissal that's impossible since Hart has made their concept irrefutable:
But second, even if you could show that most believers believe in a superhero God, would that mean it's the only kind with which atheists need to engage? If a committed creationist wrote a book called The Evolution Delusion, but only attacked the general public's understanding of evolution, we'd naturally dismiss them as disingenuous. We'd demand, instead, that they seek out what the best and most acclaimed minds in the field had concluded about evolution, then try dismantling that. Which is also why atheists should read Hart's book: to deny themselves the lazy option of sticking to easy targets.
As I've pointed out before, these situations are not comparable. The arguments for evolution are based on evidence, not philosophy, and can be comprehended by the average person: one who, for example, read my book Why Evolution is True. Hart's arguments are simply made-up stuff, and even though he's smart and uses big words, there is no more evidence for their God than there is for the anthropomorphic Gods of Alvin Plantinga, Pat Robertson, and Rick Warren.
In other words, the difference in expertise between theologians and “average” believers is small—not nearly as great as the difference in expertise between professional evolutionists and science-friendly laypeople. The difference between theologians and believers is not their differential acquaintance with the truth about God, but the greater acquaintance of theologians with the history of theology. People like Hart, despite their intelligence, have no more handle on the nature of God than do Joe and Sally in the street. Theologians are, as we all know, simply confecting things about God, and then selling them using fancy words and their academic credentials. Let Hart give us one bit of evidence that they have greater insight into God than, say, Rick Warren, and then I'll pay attention to what they have to say. Otherwise, I see Hart as retreating to the Last Redoubt of the Theologian: the definition of God as something that is immune to all disproof—and thus subject to Hitchens' Razor: “what can be asserted without evidence can be dismissed without evidence.”
Isaac Chotiner has pointed out some of these problems in a new piece in these pages that is also based on Linker's blurb for Hart: “The case for God's existence is empowering atheists.” Chotiner agrees that Hart has simply redefined God in a way that immunizes Him against disproof, equating God with emotions shared by many people:
Linker continues with this: “In a move sure to enrage atheists, Hart even goes so far as to argue that faith in this classical notion of God can never be ‘wholly and coherently rejected' — and not only because it may very well be self-contradictory to prove the nonexistence of an absolute, transcendent ground of existence.” If this is not tautologous enough for you, try [Linker's] comment: “The deeper reason why theism can't be rejected, according to Hart, is that every pursuit of truth, every attempt to be good, every longing for beauty presupposes the existence of some idea of truth, goodness, and beauty from which these particular instances are derived. And these transcendental ideas unite in the classical concept of God, who simply is truth, goodness, and beauty. That's why, although it isn't necessary to believe in God in some explicit way in order to be good, it certainly is the case (in Hart's words) ‘that to seek the good is already to believe in God, whether one wishes to do so or not.'” Here I would turn again to Linker's comment implying that the “major world religions” have a view of God similar to the one that Linker lays out above. If you think this is the case, ask yourself how many major world religions will consider you a believer in their particular faiths just because you merely state that you “seek the good,” which I would hope nearly all of us do. In summary, Linker is unable to make a case for God that doesn't define God as such an intrinsic part of the universe (“truth, goodness, and beauty”) that God exists by definition. If I were a religious believer, I would likely neither appreciate the concessions that Linker has made, nor go along with their account of my beliefs.
Chotiner is absolutely correct. If you define God as simply the set of our most admirable aspirations, then of course God exists. But you could also define God as the set of our most unpalatable aspirations: greed, duplicity, criminality, and so on. And that kind of god could also exist by definition: as the Ground of All Evil. I claim that, in fact, there's just as much evidence for that god as there is for Hart's “good” God. The reader might amuse themselves by thinking of other kinds of irrefutable gods.
So if I had to ask Hart three questions, they would be these:
1. On what basis do you know that God is a Ground-of-Being God instead of an anthropomorphic God? (In your answer, you cannot include as evidence the dubious claim that the former God is the one most people have accepted throughout history.)
2. How do you know that your Ground-of-Being god embodies truth, goodness, and beauty rather than lies, evil, and ugliness?
3. What would convince you that the god you describe doesn't exist?
Let a theologian, for once, answer the best arguments of atheists: those that involve the question, “How do you know that?”
Let's uncover the natural roots of happiness. After all, anything could make you happy and everyone has their own tickle spots. I find YouTube videos of pranks and dancing cats to be a small bundle of happiness. But some people find watching bloody horror films as their source of happiness. It really depends on what our brain considers as the best source of relief.
But a concern I wanted to tackle was a concept of happiness I noticed a variety of people claimed. You may have heard it before, but it's a myth I'd like to shove out of your mind.
A myth everyone gets wrong about happiness is …
“The state of being happy.” (Because that totally explains itself)
Psychologists define happiness as a combination of life satisfactions and having more positive emotions than negative. It's almost like having more desserts than vegetables on your plate. You could eat a few baby carrots and broccoli, but it's totally worth it after receiving a giant bowl of ice cream.
You can't always expect to be happy because it'll destroy the positive emotions you receive when you're happy. You can't truly enjoy your ice cream if you're constantly fed ice cream. You're going to have to know the feeling of eating a few vegetables to receive the great benefits of sweets.
But you can be content with yourself and life, and that's what I want to do for you today. I want you to be aware that you don't need to smile every minute of the day or else, something is wrong with you. You can frown or hold an emotionless look over your face. And yet, how can you escape a content feeling to embrace a happy spirit?
Michaelgregoryii has many very attractive depressed readers, and we noticed many of them explaining how they knew their depression like the back of their hand. But another thing we noticed was the fact our depressed subscribers weren't too familiar with their source of happiness. After all, it's the emotion we thrive for while dealing with depression.
We want happiness to come knocking at our door, ready to embrace us with a giant hug. And yet it doesn't seem to be that simple. Or maybe there is some sort of happiness superhero living in another country. After all, according to the University of Illinois, the happiest places in the world are Iceland, Sweden, Netherlands, Denmark and Australia.
Outside the common illusion of happiness, people occasionally find something that boosts their spirit such as food, drinks, spending time with people, or with themselves. But after that happiness fades away, they become lonely again, looking for ways to spark that fire from within them.
The only problem you face is discovering how to find happiness, which leads you to doors that only deepen your sorrows. This is known as the “wolf in sheep clothing” approach. It's when you assume something makes you happy at first, but soon discover it only increases your worries and anxieties. Next thing you know, you're on the street corner looking for a small scrap of joy.
In various studies, it's well known that happiness is one of the main goals people desire. It's what led people to build empires and become successful in various things. Some people find it as others continue searching for it despite what they already have. If you're on the path of looking for happiness, the myth that most people are usually told to find it is:
You find happiness by just thinking about it:
Before the torches come my way, I wanted to point out that the average person simply can't escape a depressed, sad, or fearful state by simply thinking about happiness. Sure, it's a fruitful thought to imagine yourself smiling and having a good time. But whenever the average person does that, their negative thoughts jump into their mind, ruining any chances of joy they ever wanted.
But to add science into this, when someone tries thinking about happiness, it works for a few seconds, but then that's when they suddenly feel a sudden pressure as it begins slipping away.
People conjure up bits of fears, disappointments, and failure from their past. They question the true concept of happiness. They deal with the critics of the world and hide in their shells because they're afraid no one cares about them. This feeling then causes them to dig a deeper hole of depressing thoughts.
The correct method to apply when told to think happy thoughts is a formula that was created in Positive Psychology. The concept is pretty simple when you think about happiness because it breaks it down into 3 cycles:
Positive Emotions:
This means accepting your past for what it is whether you liked it or not. You learned your lessons about life and use those experiences to make you into a better person. You're often held back from your true potential because you hold onto a sense of denial based on your past experiences.
Maybe after dealing with a book rejection, you believed your writing suck and it's not meant for you. Maybe after finding out how hard it was to program a video game, you gave up.
Haunting memories remind you how horrible life could be, causing you to make future mistakes. Pride and rejection of the past are the obstacles that makes self improvement difficult because you define yourself by your failures. By acknowledging and accepting your past, your mistakes, and why you're the person you are today, you'll be able to move on in the present.
Maybe you made a series of economic mistakes? It doesn't mean you're a failure. It just means you need to find a way to pick yourself back up. Or perhaps you didn't have the best judgments when it came to relationships. So long as you accept those mistakes, you'll find the type of relationship you're searching for.
Positive Individual Traits:
Start focusing on your strengths and virtues. Reflect on your skills as you think about your flaws. Are you good at drawing, running, dancing, learning, speaking, or moonwalking? Add positive notes to your mind, which adds self value as a person. Discover the skills that make you a unique individual because that's how you find confidence within yourself.
If you can't think of a single skill or talent, discover what interests you. In my previous posts, I mention 8 websites that provides very useful skills to learn. Check it out if you'd some tips on that.
Part of life is learning ways to strengthen your character and state of mind. It might be difficult at first whenever you start something new. And chances are, you will fail at it a couple times. But self improvement towards anything is a trail and error game.
If it helps, look into the life of successful people and analyze how they reached the top. The more you increase your skills in anything, the more you expand your potentials.
Positive Institutions:
After accepting your past and viewing your skills, this is when you brainstorm ways to use those traits to improve a community, environment, or heck, even the world. How can your past experiences and skills help someone near you?
Maybe you had a crazy childhood and creative writing skills to which you could share online and help those struggling with the same issues. Maybe you like playing the piano and had a happy childhood, giving you the chance to teach others to play.
Look for methods to build other people lives, and this raises the self-worth portion within your brain. It's sometimes difficult to imagine the benefits of giving to others because it could be a foreign concept to most people.
We live in a world where people only know how to take rather than give. It's not because we hate people, but because we become insecure about what would happen if we helped someone. There are many reasons for our insecurities, but by supporting others and making them feel better about themselves, this raises our own self esteem.
In final thoughts….
It's not simply telling someone to just think happy thoughts to find happiness, but knowing how to apply those thoughts efficiently. The 3 method approach towards happiness won't be mastered the first time you apply it. It will take time and effort to stick to it such as dieting and exercising. You're going to have your good days and off days.
You're still going to have bad thoughts that'll get in the way. You're going to doubt yourself and your abilities. But rather than thinking blindly about what makes you happy, think of what your next step should be.
Start off by accepting your past for what it is and moving on from there. Next, observe your skills and learn new ones you're interested in. The last will be finding ways to contribute those skills to others.
The 3 cycle approach is an effective strategy in positive psychology because if gives you more freedom in mind, body and spirit. You'll achieve more in different fields while moving towards something bigger than yourself. As you explore your virtues and self worth, you'll be more prepared to chase after your dreams.
Want more free self improvement tips for health and guidance? Subscribe
AUSTIN, TX—About a month ago, we called the retro-themed Descent-style shooter Sublevel Zero an awesome Descent-like experience but lamented its lack of multiplayer. Well, good news this morning for folks who are still craving multiplayer tunnel-shooting: as of 11:00 EDT, Descent Underground is available on Steam Early Access for $24.89. Players will be able to jump in and fly three classes of ships in five maps and a few different game modes.
The product of a small Austin company called Descendent Studios founded by former Star Citizen Austin studio head Eric "Wingman" Peterson, Descent Underground was originally envisioned as a Descent clone under the working title "Ships That Fight Underground" (abbreviated as "STFU"). However, the game changed course when an encounter with an Interplay shareholder led to a licensing agreement with Interplay, the studio that controls the bulk of the Descent intellectual property. The licensing deal meant that the game could be re-envisioned as an actual branded Descent game—though because the licensing agreement doesn't include the character models or sound assets from the original trilogy, some creativity had to be applied.
The result is Descent Underground, a prequel to the original Descent series. In it, the player takes on the role of a miner who remote-pilots drones through mines, blasting other drones and occasionally doing some actual mining to collect resources. Lead designer Peterson explained to us that the eventual goal is to have a metagame that has some hints of Dune about it: players will fly around in a large mothership, cruising through asteroid fields and looking for choice places to mine. A nice asteroid might already have another player group's ship docked on it, and you can fly up next to it and deploy your own drones to try to fight them for the asteroid. (This is what's going on in the launch trailer at the top of the page.)
The importance of being Descent
When we visited Descendent's Austin office earlier in October, Peterson laughed as they described the role that Descent played in their life and career. Gamers old enough to remember the long run-up to Origin's Wing Commander IV might be surprised to learn that the game's development likely would have gone a lot quicker if the Origin team hadn't been so enamored with playing rounds of Descent on the office LAN.
There were more familiar faces in the Descendent office than I expected—in addition to Peterson, former Star Citizen designer Rob Irving has made the jump from Cloud Imperium over to the tiny indie studio. We last talked with Irving and Peterson back in 2014 when we visited Cloud Imperium to check on Star Citizen's progress (things seemed a lot more on-track in 2014 than they do now).
Descendent is operating in many ways in an antipodal model from Cloud Imperium. Though Peterson has kept up the concept of Star Citizen-style video updates for Descent Underground, the studio itself is tiny: just a few rooms on the fifth floor of an anonymous tower in the middle of downtown Austin. After dragging about $600,000 in its Kickstarter, the company is operating as lean as possible: surplus office equipment and reduced salaries are the order of the day, and the priority since closing out the crowdfunding campaign has been to deliver a playable, polished game that brings the original Descent up to modern standards. It's a development style that Peterson refers to as "triple-I"—the production of a AAA-style game, but with an indie budget and team.
Hands on, eyes up
I was mindful of this as I took to the controls in the Descendent office shared by Descendent developers Tyler Pixley and Joshua Alday. Most of the small Descendent team had jumped into an "Anarchy" match (which, like with the original Descent, means everyone for themselves, kill-on-sight everything you see), and I had to take a few minutes to reacquaint myself with decades-old Descent reflexes.
It turns out that Peterson and team have gone to great lengths to ensure the verisimilitude of the experience. When you fire your Descent Underground drone's primary lasers, they move with the exact same speed as the lasers in the original Descent. The vulcan cannon fires with the same projectile delay. The dumbfire missiles exhibit the same flight time. This is the result of extensive scrutinization of the previous games, along with a whole lot of consultation with the player community—especially one top-tier backer who goes by the handle "Lotharbot" who, along with their wife, visited Descendent and provided a wealth of fine tweaks to the way the ships move and fire).
The game is being developed with the Unreal engine, which has given the team a solid graphical foundation. The levels we tried all looked great, with appropriate lighting—moody in some places, glaring in others, but never overdone. At least for now, player ships can't shoot flares and there's no Descent 2-style ability to shoot out lighting, but we're hopeful on both features.
Within a few minutes of joining the match, the trash-talking and yelling had started up as the game took hold of the office. I found myself whizzing through corridors, trying to keep from moving in any one direction for too long and struggling not to have my ass handed to me by the devs and a few high-tier early backers who were also on the matchmaking servers. Lotharbot showed up at one point; I saw them only on the post-explosion deathcam after they had waxed me.
Descendent Studios
Descendent Studios
Descendent Studios
Descendent Studios
Descendent Studios
I elected to use the same control scheme that I used back in the day: keyboard plus joystick. Several other folks in the office were using Xbox controllers; others grabbed keyboard and mouse. The game had no problem functioning with whatever the team had on-hand to throw at it.
The patina of the original Descent was everywhere, from the way the ships handled to the maps. Tight corridors gave way to open spaces for dogfights, with looping passages leading off. Glowing power-ups bobbed in places, waiting to be scooped up; shimmering golden recharge zones cloaked portions of some passages, letting you refill your energy if it dropped too low. The thousands of hours I put into playing Descent via Kali in high school and college started to come back—my eyes were drawn to the floating blue shield orbs automatically, and I scooped them up where I saw them without needing to be told. I remembered how to vertically circle-strafe (something that throws off a lot of opponents who, like Khan, are used to two-dimensional thinking).
It wasn't enough, though, against the dev team and the early backers, who dusted me like bundt cake. No matter which of the four available drones I picked (each with its own special characteristic or weapon) and no matter how hard I flew, it was difficult to eke out more than a few kills against the more skilled players. I took more than one Mega Missile directly to the face (and this time around, the Mega Missile actually has a smiley painted on its nose—the last thing you see before it kills you is that absurdly happy grin).
Practice, as they say, makes perfect.
Virtual reality
Descent Underground, like Elite: Dangerous, benefits in virtual reality from having the player's in-game position mirror the player's real life position while playing: sitting down in a chair. This brings with it an automatic reduction in the potential for nausea and disorientation just by virtue of giving the player some in-game proprioceptive alignment with reality.
The prerelease build we played had some limited Oculus Rift support in it, and I was able to put in a few minutes of frag-time on a DK2. It was more disorienting than I'd anticipated, but it was indeed functional. The main issue was that in order to really work in VR, the game needs a cockpit, and there really wasn't one present yet.
Once a cockpit with some fixed references is incorporated, the game will be fun as hell to play in VR. The massively increased spatial awareness that comes with being able to look around the cockpit will be a huge boon to players; the trade-off will be clarity and sharpness of vision, since even the release versions of popular headsets like the Rift and Vive reportedly still exhibit some amount of the "screen door effect," where individual pixels are clearly visible.
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
Lee Hutchinson
The future
Originally, the Kickstarter for Descent Underground mentioned a microtransaction model for adding stuff in-game; fortunately, and largely as a result of negative feedback, Descendent has abandoned plans for anything involving microtransactions. The entire game will be available when purchased, and players will own all of it without having to pay additional money to unlock extra weapons, ships, or skins.
We got to peek at a slew of upcoming maps and other cool features, including an arena-style game mode where players shepherd a glowing energy ball toward a goal. The game is being designed to support matches far in excess of the original Descent's max of eight players; we got to preview one 64-player map that took the form of a huge series of tunnels laid out in concentric rings with open sides; players can see and shoot across the entire massive width of the map, while their movement is constrained to the rings.
After the gameplay, the Descendent folks let me hang around for an extra couple of hours to try to avoid leaving in the worst of Austin rush hour, and we talked through the game's development. Above all else, Peterson says that the studio values player input—he issued a standing invite for anyone with questions or comments about the game's development to post on the Descendent forums or to e-mail them directly (he stopped short, I believe, of inviting random folks into the Descendent offices directly, but many Kickstarter backers have visited, and I get the feeling that the company would be fine with fans calling and asking to stop by).
Peterson hints that we might get some hints into the nature of the mysterious virus that infected all of the machines in the original series. We might even see the birth of the shadowy Post Terran Mining Corporation (though the PTMC name isn't included in the licensing agreement with Interplay). It's possible that a single-player campaign will eventually join the multiplayer, too, but at this stage in its development Descent Underground remains a multiplayer-only Descent-style remake, cast as a prequel.
You can grab the Descent Underground Early Access version directly from Steam on sale for $24.89 (Kickstarter backers can request a Steam key from Descendent Studios). After the first week, the price will go up to its standard Early Access rate of $29.99, and the game will be priced at $60 on release. The initial release will be for Windows, OS X, and Linux. No console versions are planned at this time.
Update: Shortly after publication, Peterson reached out to Ars with a quick correction: "We are doing a single player game, too, and with today's launch you can battle a level with bots." So the $60 price tag for the full game will cover both single- and multiplayer.
“Last year,” said Orly Sahalo, a 21-year-old Israeli of Ethiopian descent, “I arrived only at the end, and I missed out.” They were talking about the Sigd festival, which recently took place in Jerusalem. In Ge'ez, the liturgical language of Ethiopia, “Sigd” means prostration. On the Sigd, Ethiopian Jews, before their mass immigration to Israel, would ascend a mountaintop, pray, read from the Bible, and affirm their desire to return to Jerusalem. Now they are in Jerusalem, and the Sigd has become a national holiday in Israel.
This year, Orly Sahalo was not going to miss out on the full Sigd experience. Encouraged by their boyfriend, the 28-year-old Ethiopian-Israeli photographer Gidon Agaza, they turned up early at the Armon Hanatziv Promenade in Jerusalem, where thousands of Ethiopian Israelis were gathered to celebrate the holiday. “I had goose bumps,” they described their reaction. “I saw all the women dressed in white, lifting their hands, and the qessotch”—the traditional religious leaders of the Ethiopian Jews—“using their instruments,” the drums and trumpets accompanying the prayers, “just as it is written in the Bible.”
Photo courtesy of Moshe Filberg.
Indeed, this year Sahalo also attended preliminary educational events before the festival, “so that I could understand the holiday. I wanted to be able to answer questions about the Sigd if people happened to ask me, and to know for myself what was practiced in Ethiopia.”
One of those educational events was a talk on the eve of the festival, at Ramat Gan's Bar Ilan University, by Mula Zerihoon, a 40-year old qes who was ordained in Israel. The Sigd, they explained, “is based on the times of Ezra and Nehemiah, when, after 70 years in exile, the Jews returned from Babylon to the Land of Israel. In Jerusalem, they held a day of fasting, repentance, teaching of the Torah, and prayer.” In Ethiopia, they recalled, “when we climbed the mountain, we felt Jerusalem in our heart of hearts. This deeply impacted our Judaism. Jews came from afar, two or three days, on foot, on horses, and on mules, in order to have the chance to hear Torah from the qessotch. The people learned and were strengthened.”
Photo courtesy of Moshe Filberg.
The Book of Nehemiah states that after the Jews returned to Jerusalem, “all the people gathered themselves together as one man into the broad place that was before the water gate, and they spoke unto Ezra the Scribe to bring the book of the Torah of Moses, which the Lord had commanded, to Israel.” Today, that broad place, Jerusalem's Armon Hanatziv Promenade, overlooks the Temple Mount and offers an unobstructed view of the walls of the Old City. On the day of this year's Sigd, dozens of qessotch from across Israel assembled there beneath colorful umbrellas on a platform draped with the flags of Israel and Jerusalem. Chanting in Ge'ez, they praised God and asked for forgiveness and blessings for the Jewish people. They read selections from Nehemiah, Exodus, and Deuteronomy to the congregation, dealing with the giving of the Ten Commandments and the return from exile. They first read in Ge'ez and then translated into Amharic.
Throughout the morning and afternoon, Gidon Agaza snapped pictures of the qessotch and worshipers. “I have been attending the festival for 13 years,” they said. “Each and every year that I come, I am moved anew to see mothers praying from the heart. I have a large archive of Sigd celebrations. I need these photographs in order to explain to people the Ethiopian community and its traditions.”
At a nearby teaching tent, Shoshana Ben-Dor and Ziva Mekonen-Degu offered instruction in the order and meaning of the day's prayers to some 80 visitors. Most of them were young adults. In collaboration with the qessotch, the two women have been preparing a mahzor, a prayer book, for the Sigd, in Ge'ez, Amharic, and Hebrew. It is the first of its kind, slated to be published by the time of next year's festival. They hope it will make the holiday accessible to more people.
Ben-Dor believes that all Jews, not just Ethiopian Jews, can benefit from the holiday's celebration. “The Sigd brings together elements that exist in several Jewish holidays in a way that no other Jewish holiday does,” they say. “It has aspects of repentance—asking for mercy and hoping that God has forgiven us—that are found in the High Holidays.” In addition, they explain, “it has the mourning for Jerusalem found in Tisha B'Av and the return to Zion found in Yom Ha'atzma'ut [Israel's Independence Day]. And it has the covenant and the giving of the Torah, which are found in Shavuot.” In sum, they say, the Sigd “is the only day in the entire calendar that brings these all together—and includes an annual renewal of the covenant. Thus, there is an importance in the Sigd for all Jews.”
Photo courtesy of Irving Schild.
Photo courtesy of Moshe Filberg.
Orly Sahalo was especially impressed by the activities for children and young adults that they saw at Armon Hanatziv. “They will learn,” they said, “and this holiday will have a continuation.” They were also “moved to see the qessotch distributing handfuls of Jerusalem soil to the worshipers. People are able to take a piece of Jerusalem home with them, just as in Ethiopia they were able to take home soil from the mountain on which the Sigd was held.”
Shai Afsai is a writer and teacher whose works have appeared in a number of literary and historical journals.
COMMENTS
Comments are closed for this article.
Late 2016 update
When Microsoft unveiled Windows 10 in 2015, it delivered an elegant operating system that could -- for the first time -- fulfill the potential of each modern computing form factor. Equally proficient on a touchscreen tablet, laptop, or conventional desktop PC, Windows 10 resuscitated the operating system's best features while setting the stage for Microsoft's ongoing innovation streak that includes idiosyncratic products like the Surface Pro 4, Surface Book and, more recently, the Surface Studio -- a desktop PC for artists and designers in need of high-end horsepower and display -- and the Surface Dial, a touch-friendly dial designed to facilitate fine contextual controls.
The next generation of the popular Surface tablet, the rumored Surface Pro 5, is expected to appear in the spring of 2017 -- timing that may coincide with the rollout of the next version of Windows, a free update scheduled for the first half of 2017. Windows "Creators Update" will introduce 4K video game streaming and support "augmented reality," bringing 3D capabilities to legacy applications such as Paint and PowerPoint. It will support 3D rendering for Microsoft's HoloLens technology, which will be incorporated into forthcoming devices from Acer, Lenovo, Dell, HP and Asus. And it will enable a virtual touchpad that lets you control external monitors from tablets, without need for a mouse.
It's worth mentioning that Apple delivered its own operating system overhaul in September 2016. MacOS Sierra added some new features inspired by its own mobile operating system. And though Apple clearly wishes to continue the integration of Macs and iOS products, providing additional incentives to keep your hardware inside Apple's walled garden, it's not always a perfect fit. In fact, the new MacBooks announced in early October 2016, equipped only with USB-C ports, can't connect to the new iPhone 7 and its Lightning Connector, without an adapter.
Editors' note: The original Microsoft Windows 10 review, first published in July 2015, follows.
Windows 10 is the Goldilocks version of Microsoft's venerable PC operating system -- a "just right" compromise between the familiar dependability of Windows 7, and the forward-looking touchscreen vision of Windows 8.
This new Windows, available as a free upgrade for existing Windows 7 and Windows 8 noncorporate users, is built from the ground up to pursue Microsoft's vision of a unified OS that spans all devices without alienating any one platform. It's an attempt to safeguard Microsoft's crumbling software hegemony, assailed on all sides by Google and Apple. And it's a vision of the future as Microsoft sees it, where a single user experience spans every piece of technology we touch. Welcome to Windows as a service.
Yes, this new OS is chock-full of fresh features. To name just a few: a lean, fast Internet Explorer replacement called Edge; Microsoft's Siri-like voice-controlled virtual assistant, Cortana; and the ability to stream real-time games to your desktop from an Xbox One in another room. (And in case you're wondering: there is no "Windows 9" -- Microsoft skipped it, going straight from 8 to 10.)
Nate Ralph/CNET
But Windows 10 is also the end of a long, awkward road that began with the release of Windows 8 in 2012, when Microsoft tried to convince a world of keyboard and mouse wielders that touchscreens were the way to go -- or else. Ironically, in 2015, the PC hardware for that touchscreen future is now here -- everything from 2-in-1s such as the Lenovo Yoga line to convertible tablets with detachable keyboards, like Microsoft's own Surface. And Windows 10 smoothly lets users transition from "tablet" to "PC" mode on such devices like never before.
For the rest of the PC universe -- including those who still prefer good old-fashioned keyboard and mouse navigation -- Windows 10 is a welcome return to form. The Start menu, inexplicably yanked from 8, is back and working the way you expect it to. Those live tiles from the Windows 8 Home screen still exist, but they've been attached to the Start menu, where they make a lot more sense. And the fiendishly hidden Charms bar has been morphed into the more straightforward (and easier to find) Action Center.
As always, there are some quibbles and gripes with the end product, but all-in-all -- after living with Windows 10 for months -- I can say it's a winner. It's flexible, adaptable and customizable. And it's been battle-tested by an army of beta testers for the better part of a year, making it one of the most robust operating system rollouts in recent memory.
A fresh Start
The Start menu is back; it's almost funny how relieving that is. That humble Start button has been a fixture on the lower left corner of the Windows desktop since the halcyon days of Windows 95, offering speedy access to apps and settings. Press it on Windows 10, and you'll see the latest step in a long conversation about the state of the PC industry.
Screenshot by Nate Ralph/CNET
The past sits on the left: a neat column with shortcuts to your most used apps. Press the "All Apps" button and you'll get an alphabetical list of all of the apps installed on your PC. There are folders in there too -- press them, and extra options will fly out, just like they always have.
The future -- or at least, the future as Microsoft envisions it -- sits on the right side of the Start menu. These are the colorful, animated live tiles that debuted in Windows 8, pulling double duty as app shortcuts and informative widgets. You can resize these live tiles, drag them about to arrange them into groups and pin as many apps as you'd like -- the entire Start menu can be shrunk or expanded to suit your liking. It's essentially a miniaturized version of the fullscreen Start menu we saw in Windows 8. Hate live tiles? Then unpin them to excise them from your computer, leaving you with the narrow column of frequently used apps we've known for so long.
One step back, two steps forward
The Start menu in Windows 10 is admission that Windows 8 maybe have been a bit too forward thinking. But Microsoft hasn't abandoned that vision of unifying all manner of devices under a single operating system: Continuum in Windows 10 is the latest attempt to bridge the gap between touch and non-touch devices, and this time it doesn't force us to relearn how to work with our PCs.
To start, there's no divide between the Windows 8-style "Modern" apps you get from the Windows app store, and those you install the old-fashioned way. Everything exists as a traditional windowed app, sharing space on the desktop. If you're on a two-in-one device like Microsoft's Surface Pro 3 , pop the keyboard off and Windows 10 will switch to tablet mode. The Start menu and your apps will stretch to take up the entire screen, and all of the miscellaneous apps and shortcuts on your taskbar will disappear, to give your finger fewer obstacles to hit.
Screenshot by Nate Ralph/CNET
Reattach the keyboard, and everything slots back into place. It's an instantaneous, seamless process (once you've shooed away the annoying confirmation window). It's also entirely optional: you can disable the feature and switch to tablet mode manually, or forget that this whole touch concept exists at all.
This is what Windows 8 always should've been: an operating system that bridges the divide between touch and non-touch, without alienating folks who fall into one camp or the other. Like it or not, the future belongs to devices with touchscreens. But Microsoft (finally) understands that we'll all get there at own pace, and Continuum makes the transition painless. And now that there are so many hybrid devices to choose from, making the switch to touch without abandoning the interface we know is more important than ever.
Learning new tricks
Microsoft hasn't stopped at making touch make sense on a Windows PC. With Windows 10, just about every facet of the OS has been tweaked and updated, and a few new features have been rolled in. In typical Microsoft fashion, there's a dizzying array of keyboard shortcuts and touch gestures for each of these features, giving you no fewer than three ways to access the things you're trying to get to. No need to memorize them all -- just use whatever suits you (or your device) best.
Virtual desktops
If I had to pick my favorite new feature, I'd go with virtual desktops. Click the new Task View button on the taskbar and you'll get a bird's-eye view of all of the apps you've got open. Drag one of those apps onto the "new desktop" button, and it'll be moved to its own independent workspace. I can keep one workspace focused on work, a separate desktop for gaming forums, yet another workspace for the new camera lenses I'm checking out; there's no limit to the amount of virtual desktops you can create, and each one is treated as its own little private island.
Screenshot by Nate Ralph/CNET
Virtual desktops are far from a new development, and they've been available in past versions of Windows thanks to third-party apps. But it's nice to see Microsoft catching up here. The feature could still use some work: desktops are numbered, but if you create a lot of them it can be hard to keep track of where everything is. The "traditional" Win32 apps you might download and install from a website are happy to open a new instance on any desktop, while clicking the shortcut on an app from the Windows store will yank you back to whatever desktop you used it on last.
You can move apps across virtual desktops -- just drag them, or right-click to shunt them over -- but there's no way to reorder the virtual desktops themselves, which would be really useful for staying organized. I'd also like to be able to set a different wallpaper for every virtual desktop -- I can do both of those things in Apple's OSX operating system, and have always found it really handy.
Windows Snap
The Snap feature introduced in Windows 7 has gotten a bit of an upgrade, too. Drag an app to the left or right side of the screen, and it'll "snap" to fill that space. The new Snap Assist feature will then chime in, showing you little thumbnails of any other apps that are currently open -- click a thumbnail, and it'll fill up the remaining space. You can also snap an app into a corner of your display and fill your screen with up to four apps, divided equally across the screen -- this could prove useful for folks with massive monitors.
Action Center
The new Action Center replaces the "Charms" introduced in Windows 8, and is another nod to mobile operating systems. Click the Action center icon on the taskbar to bring up a panel that houses all of your app notifications, and offers quick access to a few important system settings, like toggling your Wi-Fi network or switching in and out of tablet mode -- you can choose the options that turn up here in the settings menu. If you're coming from Windows 7 and have no idea where to find some of the settings you're used to, there's a good chance you'll find them here.
Wi-Fi Sense
I'd be remiss if I didn't mention Wi-Fi Sense. While technically not a new feature (it's part of Windows Phone 8.1) its presence in Windows 10 should've been a welcome addition: Wi-Fi Sense connects your devices to trusted Wi-Fi hotspots.
I love the idea. Automatically sharing Wi-Fi credentials with my friends would remove much of the hassle of most social gatherings, when people just want to jump on my Wi-Fi network. And -- this part is key -- Wi-Fi Sense doesn't share your actual password, so it theoretically eases a social transaction (the sharing of Wi-Fi connectivity) without necessarily compromising my network security.
Screenshot by Nate Ralph/CNET
But the implementation is, in a word, daft. I do want to automatically share my network with a select group of friends who are visiting, and have them return the favor. I don't want to automatically share access with everyone in my Outlook address book, or on Skype, or the random assortment of folks I've added on Facebook over the years. Give me the ability to choose who I share access with, down to the individual, and I'll give it a shot. Until then, I'll be leaving Wi-Fi Sense off -- I recommend you do too.
Windows Hello and Windows Passport
Microsoft is also beefing up security with Windows Hello. The feature will use your Windows 10 devices' camera or a fingerprint scanner to turn your body into a password. Once you've authenticated yourself with Windows Hello, Windows Passport will then give you access to a number of third-party sites and products, without forcing you to log in all over again. This should make it a bit more convenient to log in to your devices, so you don't skimp on traditional measures, like having a robust password. The only catch is that Hello isn't widely supported on a lot of existing hardware: you'll need a device sporting Intel's RealSense camera, or a fingerprint scanner.
Cooling in the North Atlantic
Something is going on in the North Atlantic.
Paul Homewood notes the region is cooling rapidly and it is not just surface cooling, it applies to the 700m depth that Argo buoys measure. Graph thanks to Ole Humlum.
To give it some perspective that cooling is back to temperatures of about 20 years ago (see below). This is localized, not global, but still interesting (rather especially to our European friends).
This is the area mentioned in a recent study on solar winds which found faster solar winds correlate with a cooler north Atlantic.
A year ago a different paper predicted colder times were coming to the North Atlantic due to natural cycles.
The human-made aerosols prediction that bit the dust…
A paper by Robsom et al in the last couple of weeks said that the cooling trend was clear, started in 2005 and really shouldn't have happened if human-made aerosols were controlling the North Atlantic.
”Here we show that since 2005 a large volume of the upper North Atlantic nOcean has cooled significantly by approximately 0.45 C.”
“The observed upper ocean cooling since 2005 is not consistent with the hypothesis that anthropogenic aerosols directly drive Atlantic temperatures12.”
So the climate models are wrong about the “aerosols” excuse which is used to explain any inconvenient non-warming phase. There are fewer aerosols over the North Atlantic now. This cooling really shouldn't be happening. Looks like it's cooling due to “internal variability” which is code for natural cycles that our models don't understand. From Robson:
The observed cooling is not consistent with a dominant role for surface heat flux changes due to anthropogenic aerosols12. Anthropogenic aerosol loads have decreased in the North Atlantic region since the 1990s, and would therefore be expected to have induced warming of the Atlantic SSTs26, in contrast to the observed cooling.
As Ted M says in comments: “It's not consistent with ocean warming from greenhouse gas forcing either.”
If the cooling keeps on, there will be fewer hurricanes, summers in Northern Europe will get drier. There will be less rain in the Sahel it may affect the PDO:
Finally, the deep Labrador Sea density is still anomalously low, and has decreased over the past decade (see Fig. 1), albeit at a slower rate. Given the lag between the deep Labrador Sea density and the upper ocean (that is, Fig. 3), we would expect some further cooling of the North Atlantic to take place, in agreement with other studies11,14,16. If the North Atlantic cools further this is likely to favour reduced rainfall in the Sahel region3 and drier summers in Northern Europe4, as well as a continued suppression of hurricane numbers2. Furthermore, the continuing cooling could have important implications for the Interdecadal Pacific Oscillation, and possibly global mean temperatures30. Looking further ahead, the EN4 analyses also suggest that the observed cooling of the upper SPG is associated with a small increase in upper ocean density (not shown). This increase could be the first stage in the next phase reversal of the Atlantic Multidecadal Variability, as suggested by simulated mechanisms of natural internal variability10,22. Therefore, monitoring and predicting the continuing changes in the Atlantic Ocean, and the links to other regions, remains a key priority.
UPDATE #1:
With the climate-change ‘experts' informing,
That by heating the sea we've caused storming,
By now must be frantic,
That the Northern Atlantic,
For years has been cooling not warming.
–Ruairi
UPDATE #2:
Bob Tisdale in comments adds: “Considering the much-adjusted NODC OHC data to 2000 meters continues to climb for the entire North Atlantic (not just the small portions shown in the climate4you graphs), one might assume there is an exchange of heat between the 0-700 meter depth and the 0-2000 meter depth.”
h/t Tom Nelson, Willie Soon
REFERENCES
Jon Robson, Pablo Ortega & Rowan Sutton (2016) A reversal of climatic trends in the North Atlantic since 2005 AOP
VN:F [1.9.22_1171]
please wait... Rating: 9.0/10 (82 votes cast)
Futures markets are a potentially valuable source of information about price expectations. Exploiting this information has proved difficult in practice, because time-varying risk premia often render the futures price a poor measure of the market expectation of the price of the underlying asset. Although this expectation in principle may be recovered by adjusting the futures price by the estimated risk premium, a common problem is that there are as many measures of the market expectation as there are estimates of the risk premium. We propose a general solution to this problem that allows us to select the most accurate estimate of the expectation for any set of risk premium estimates. We illustrate this approach by solving the long-standing problem of how to estimate the market expectation of the price of crude oil. We provide a new measure of oil price expectations that is substantially more accurate than the alternatives and more economically plausible. Our analysis has implications for the estimation of economic models of energy-intensive durables, for oil price forecasting and for the measurement of oil price shocks.
NMB Team BII: Makuhari Aeon Mall Theater Performance 01/04/2014
Team BII comes out swinging with a performance at the new Makuhari Aeon Mall in Chiba!
Now, unfortunately, I don't know enough about malls in Japan. I went to an Aeon Mall, but it felt like going to Sears, so maybe this one is bigger? The only other mall I've seen was actually right next to a Costco, which was funny because Costco was virtually the same as the US. I was so tripped out that they carried almost all the same products. Even the food court was the same with the hot dog combo deal and the pizza!
But I digress.
After attending the Osaka Jou Hall concert and reflecting on all the past concert experiences I've had, I've resolved to only go to performances in small settings. At first I was thinking, “Man, they're just performing in the mall,” but on the other hand, this is the kind of performance I should enjoy.
So… to be honest, Team BII has become my favorite team as a whole. The reason I like them is because they have the underdog angle, that it feels like they all have to work super hard if they have any hope of breaking out. Don't get me wrong, I still love Team N, but I don't think of them as girls that need my support. They are amazing talented and it's a joy to see them perform. BII, however, has a lot of fantastic girls with potential, and I really enjoy watching them grow their personalities and find new ways to stand out, not just individually, but also as a team.
So the twist with this performance?
There's a lot of live singing! (No way!)
And with that, we have two big winners.
Renacchi and Yuuri came out big. I really enjoyed this performance, which is funny because I've always skipped watching this. Renacchi has a great singing voice. Prior to this, they hadn't really grown on me and I didn't know why they were considered highly in BII… but this performance opened my eyes. Yuuri did pretty well too, looking adorbs as usual. This is why I love live singing, because then you get great moments like this.
The Faint unit has easily become my favorite. Uuka looks sizzling and has great chemistry with Konomin, and Anchu surprisingly looks like an idol. Look how cool they look in that shot! Uuka's been impressing me more and more performance wise, though their talk character has been pretty one dimensional to me. I hope they get more opportunities to strut their stuff. I really hope they keep this unit together, it's sooooo strong.
Of course live singing isn't kind to everyone, and you can tell some people weren't used to it. The Junai Cresecendo unit in particular seemed like at the end they were all tired and just started yelling instead of singing, mostly evident with Emichi because their voice is so distinctive.
When I think about it, not everyone on the team necessarily has to be a good talker as long as they have a couple great ones to bring out the rest of them… and Makopon is absolutely fantastic at it. And that totally surprises me, given that she's only 14. This might not be the best example, given that their voice was cracking (due to puberty? Man, I am terrible and old) but their MCs always bring such interesting topics and they host them like a pro. Very impressive.
I don't know why, but I like watching Emichi paired up with Hako. It might be the fact that they both possess infectious smiles, and Hako's smile is absolutely hilarious to me. Emichi's push has gotten me to like their smile and their laughter; if I can be frank, their physical appearance isn't that attractive, but then they smile and laughs and I can't help but like them
Anyway, it gets to the singles and the group singing, and it does kinda hurt the ears… honestly, those songs were not really composed for singing live, heh. Especially Kamonegix, or Kamonegics, or whatever you want to call it. Come to think of it, if I write “Kamonegics”, it reminds me of Abenomics…
Advertisements
Mike Sherman is out as Texas A&M coach. The development wasn't a surprise, after a season that began with great promise ended in a 6-6 record and a string of late-game collapses. The Aggies couldn't enter the SEC on that note, and the relative lack of job security is part of the coaching business. Even by the cold standards of coach-firing, though, one rumor from earlier today about Sherman's dismissal made us think, "That's just wrong":
One important note: there's also chatter that Sherman was informed of their ouster on the way to the recruit's home, rather than once they got inside (and by the kid's mom). That, while not exactly a blaze of glory, isn't nearly as bad as it could be - i.e., what's outlined in the tweet above. And, since the less crazy possibility is usually what actually happens, we're inclined to believe that no, a recruit's mom didn't tell Mike Sherman he'd been fired just as they were about to try and convince them and their son that Texas A&M was going to do great things under their leadership.
But that doesn't mean this isn't a worthy thought experiment: what would be the worst way to find out you've lost your college football coaching job? A few possibilities (add yours in the comments if you've got 'em):
- Recruit's mother informs you when you arrive at their house.
- Recruit's mother informs you when you arrive at their house, by handing you your termination notice herself. The "mother" then takes off their costume and reveals "she" is actually veteran character actor Fred Ward. The trip - indeed, the entire recruitment of this prospect - has been an elaborate ruse to fire you.
- Singing telegram from athletic director.
- Athletic director singing song about your firing to you personally. Song composed by Weird Al Yankovic, prominently features accordion.
- Email from athletic director linking to this video.
- Informed by your successor, Mike Locksley.
- Singing telegram from recruit's mother. Telegram delivered by recruit, recruit's mother, and barbershop quartet.
UPDATE: Sherman gave a post-firing press conference earlier today. This is what they said about the circumstances of their dismissal:
"I was on a recruiting trip...we were almost in the driveway when I got a call from our athletic director informing me of termination. It was disappointing to me becaue my family found out before i did, because it was released before I was told. I think we're better than that."
So, again...not as bad as being told by the kid's mom, but still a far less than ideal scenario. Sherman sure seemed to think so, anyway.
AP photo (by Charlie Neibergall), via
Story highlights "Certainly this was front and center in their campaign and our voters are gonna expect us to act on it," McDaniel said.
"I know that our voters are gonna hold us accountable in 2018 if we do not keep the campaign promises that were made," they added.
(CNN) Republican National Committee chair Ronna Romney McDaniel said Wednesday that failing to fulfill Donald Trump's campaign promise to build a wall along the Mexican border will hurt the party in the 2018 midterm elections.
"They're gonna lose the trust of our base if we don't keep our promises, our base is gonna walk away," McDaniel said when asked by conservative radio host Laura Ingraham about the possibly of the wall not being built or funded. "They're gonna feel like, 'hey you said one thing on the campaign trail to get elected and you didn't act on it.'"
"Certainly this was front and center in their campaign and our voters are gonna expect us to act on it," they added.
Earlier, McDaniel said Republican voters would be holding their elected officials accountable in the midterm elections if they didn't keep campaign promises.
"I know that our voters are gonna hold us accountable in 2018 if we do not keep the campaign promises that were made. When you get to Washington, sometimes you forget what was said outside and it's important that we bring that back to Washington and let them hear what the voters expect of this government and of the president."
My first memory of wanting to play AFL was 1995.
I was a Richmond supporter (thank God I went to Hawthorn!), and we'd made the trip from Colac to the MCG to see the Tigers play North Melbourne, who were a power team with Wayne Carey at the helm.
Richmond won, and this huge army of fans dressed in yellow and black belted out the theme song.
I stood there, 11 years old, and thought, ‘That's what I want to do.'
Given how much the game has changed on so many levels (how soft the tribunal has become, the media probing in people's private lives, etc), I can understand some people might think I'd be glad I'm finishing my career rather than starting it.
But if I was an 18-year-old kid I'd love to be going into the AFL now. I couldn't think of anything better.
A huge part of what I've loved about playing the game is down to the fans. That day as an 11-year-old opened my eyes to how incredible it is to have a job where you get to run out on the MCG in front of 50 or 60,000 people every week, and 100,000 in September.
As footballers we live our dreams because of the loyal people who come week-in, week-out to watch us. I've been lucky to play in front of huge crowds, and they've helped make my dreams come true.
THEY NEVER TURNED ON US
A couple of nights before my last game we held a function at a big pub out in Melbourne's south-eastern suburbs, near Hawthorn's home base.
It was a last hurrah, a way to thank everyone for their support. Our fans have had a fair bit to cheer about in recent years, but in 2017 we were up and down.
The first half of the year was more down than up – we were pretty dismal, but they were there, they never turned on us.
This night they turned up in their hundreds and queued for hours. A special version of the Michael Jordan “wings” print had been put together, with me wearing the four premiership medals and two Norm Smith medals and the four cups in the background.
They were the spoils of my career, but every Hawthorn fan should feel like they've got a stake in them too.
I signed prints, posed for photos, then got up on stage and spoke about my football journey. People told me they'd travelled more than four hours to be there, that they weren't going to make it to my last game, but this was their big night.
So many people said, ‘Thanks for everything you've done for the footy club. Thanks for everything you've done for me.'
When people line up for so long just for a smile, that's humbling. Sitting backstage waiting to go on, I peeked out at the crowd while they were watching highlights of our 2008 premiership.
To see 400 faces smiling as they relived our upset win over Geelong, that makes those memories even greater.
When I first started we only had about 25,000 members, which was among the lowest in the AFL. Jeff Kennett became president in my fourth season, 2005, and they drove a huge focus on the playing group giving back to the supporters, giving them every reason to sign up and feel like they're truly part of the Hawthorn footy club.
In 2017 we had 75,663 members, second only to Collingwood on the AFL membership ladder.
A lot of work has gone into achieving that – regular clinics in Tasmania to embrace our Tassie fans, family days back at Glenferrie Oval and out at Waverley.
To see the thousands of people who turned out to watch training in the weeks when we made the Grand Final, and then flocked to Glenferrie the day after we won those premierships, has been amazing.
THE CLARKO ERA
We've grown together. My footy journey – learning what it takes to be the best – has run parallel with the footy club's.
When Alastair Clarkson was appointed coach at the end of 2004 we'd made a preliminary final only three years earlier.
I remember Clarko speaking to us after the first meeting they had with our sponsors at the time, HSBC, an international company who'd had professional and sporting relationships all over the world.
They told Clarko Hawthorn was the worst organisation they'd been involved with.
Andrew Russell started alongside Clarko as our head of fitness, and together they told us we were the most selfish team they'd seen.
From what they'd seen, they concluded that on the ground it was more about each player getting a kick or kicking a goal than actually helping the team win. They decided to do something to bring us together as teammates, so that we'd look after each other.
So we went to Kokoda.
We were put through all sorts of group challenges, like carrying a telephone pole or a stretcher full of sandbags, and each of us had to carry a 20-kilo pack and 20-kilo sandbag the whole way along the 96km track through the jungle.
One of our young players was an indigenous teenager from Port Lincoln named Harry Miller, who was small and slight and really struggling.
We were on this narrow, slippery track, climbing close to half a metre with each step. Harry would have fallen over backwards if Trent Croad hadn't been right behind him, a hand on their backpack pushing them on.
When it looked like Harry couldn't take another step, Croady took Harry's sandbag and threw it over their shoulder, leaving them to walk with 60 kilos on their back and reducing Harry's load to 20kg.
I looked across and saw Clarko smile. We were starting to get it.
We'd been selfish and undisciplined. There were rules brought in around attire – everyone in the same runners, same coloured socks, same shorts – little things designed to get us all pulling in the same direction.
One day Zac Dawson turned up for training with the wrong socks on. Everyone knows how fiery Clarko can be, but they didn't give them a spray. They just told the whole group, ‘Boys, tomorrow we're going to the bay for a swim at 6am.'
We arrived at the beach in the pre-dawn winter darkness, and Zac wasn't there – he'd slept in. When they finally arrived Clarko calmly said, ‘Zac, you're late. Everyone in the water. And tomorrow we'll be back here again at 5am.'
Everyone was filthy on Zac, but it started to change the mindset. Whenever there was an early session to get to, you wouldn't just get up and get yourself there – you'd make sure the next bloke got there too.
I was No.15, so I'd get up and ring Nick Ries, who was No.16, to make sure they were up and going. And he'd ring Luke Brennan, who wore 17, and Luke would ring No.18 Rick Ladson.
Clarko taught us that the game is bigger than you, and Kokoda was a massive part of that.
Andrew Russell started alongside Clarko as our head of fitness, and together they told us we were the most selfish team they'd seen.
We started to understand that if you let someone down on the field, you were letting down the whole team. We became a proper team, and for four of my 16 seasons we were the best team in the game.
Personally I came a long way too. When I was drafted I was ready for AFL football in a playing sense – understanding the game, putting my head over the ball, knowing what to do with it when I got it.
But when it came to professionalism – your diet, preparation, recovery – I was a raw kid. None of that stuff had been shown to me as a kid.
Chris Judd, Luke Ball and myself were always lumped in together because we were the top three in the 2001 draft.
Juddy and Bally had been to private school in Melbourne – they knew what a dietician was, knew blokes who'd been at their school who were already in the AFL system.
I had the advantage of having played senior football against men since I was 15, but when you did that you just followed what the older guys did. It wasn't a bottle of water and pasta after the game, it was sat down to a beer and a pie. And maybe another beer.
WEIGHT, DIET AND THE TRANFORMATION
My development suffered in my first three years due to injury, and a lot of that was down to poor preparation and diet. Being overweight didn't help.
My first coach at Hawthorn, Peter Schwab, used to sit me down and go through what I should and shouldn't be doing. I've stayed close to my childhood mates right through, and when I started they loved coming up to Melbourne to watch me play and get out on the town.
I'd arrive at the footy club on Monday, Schwabby would ask what I'd been up to, and I'd tell him. He'd say, ‘Do you reckon you could have cut it a bit shorter?' And I'd be like, ‘Yeah, but my mates were keen to go to such-and-such a place, they'd come down to see me, I wanted to spend time with them.'
I couldn't lie – Melbourne felt like too big a place to make something up. ‘Were you at a pub?' Say no and there was a fair chance someone had seen you. You couldn't hide like you could back in Colac.
There wasn't a single moment where I went, ‘Hang on, I know what to do now.' Mark Graham was in their tenth season when I started, and they were great with the younger guys, always having us around to dinner and helping us settle in.
They used to say, ‘Your pre-season is to come back and lose the weight you've put on in the off-season.'
But then it started to click: your off-season is actually to prepare yourself to have a really good pre-season, to put you in the best shape to have a really good season the following year.
Ideally it would have been nice to catch on a bit earlier, but I'm a big believer that you make mistakes along the way, and as long as you learn from them and improve they'll make you better.
And I've made a lot of mistakes – a couple it's taken me a few warnings to learn from – but I've understood the errors I've made. And I've always put my hand up and said, ‘My bad, I'll cop the punishment.'
It took the ‘little fat kid from Colac' a while for the penny to drop.
But through 16 seasons and more than 300 games I lived that 11-year-old's dream. It put smiles on faces, not least my own.
If I could just wind back the clock on this 33-year-old body, I'd do it all again in a heartbeat.
Announcing AeroPython!
I haven't lectured in two years. I've of course been teaching, but have stopped using the method known as "the lecture"—delivering a set amount of material (aka, "covering") from the front of the classroom to a group of mostly quiet, note-taking students. Like greater profs before me, I am a converted lecturer.1
It was Spring 2012 when I went full-steam ahead with the flipped classroom idea for my Computational Fluid Dynamics course. I've written before about how this came about, but the impetus resulted from already having done the lecture capture, live, in a previous version of the CFD course. I uploaded the videos from that live lecture capture to YouTube (after minor editing and cutting into segments) where, since then, they have collected nearly 220,000 public views (checked 20 April'14). My challenge that semester was coming up with class activities—but that should be the topic of another post.
Two years later
Teaching a classical Aerodynamics class for the first time at the George Washington University this Spring, I did not have a pre-recorded set of videos to use in the expected "move content to video" mode of the flipped classroom. But I did not want to lecture. What to do?
Introducing AeroPython!
I decided to develop a set of lessons using IPython Notebooks, to use as the scaffold for interactive class meetings. IPython Notebooks allow me to create media-rich content for the students, embedding executable Python code within it.
One of the reasons that many lecture-based courses fail is that they "cover" way too much material. By some estimates, after exams are past, students retain only about 20% of the content from a course. What's the point of covering so much content?
So I asked myself: what is the one thing that I want students to take from a classical Aerodynamics course? The one thing? My answer was the use of potential flow for aerodynamic analysis, via the panel method.
With the help of my bright PhD student, Olivier Mesnard, we set about to create a series of lessons that would begin from the simplest concept in potential flow, and take students in a step-by-step fashion to build their own 2D panel-method code for lifting bodies.
We now announce the public release of the 11 lessons that make AeroPython! Find them on the public GitHub repository.
Assuming no previous programming knowledge, we started with a "lesson zero" giving the basics of using Python for numerical computing. Each lesson is meant to be possible to complete in one 2.5-hr class meeting (but often students continue working after, if they did not finish in class). The lessons are:
Lesson 0: Python Crash Course
Lesson 1: Source & Sink
Lesson 2: Source & Sink in a Freestream
Lesson 3: Doublet
Lesson 4: Vortex
Lesson 5: Infinite row of vortices (student task)
Lesson 6: Lift on a cylinder
Lesson 7: Method of images
Lesson 8: Source Sheet
Lesson 9: Flow over a cylinder with source panels
Lesson 10: Source panel method
Lesson 11: Source-vortex panel method
What did we do in class?
The class meets in a computer lab, and each student sits in front of a workstation (a few brought their own laptops, too). To organize class communications, Q&A, and distribute complementary material, we used Piazza. I also surprised the students with a short quiz every couple of classes; I used Socrative for the quizzes.
For the first couple of lessons, students downloaded the IPython Notebook and were guided to work on a separate interactive Python session to execute the code from each lesson. I insisted that they type the code, not copy and paste (sometimes they did, of course, copy-paste; but they quickly learned that this shortcut only got them in trouble).
After that, they got a sales pitch from me about GitHub and they all created an account and gingerly began to sync with the AeroPython repo. By Lesson 5—which is really an assignment—students were maintaining their own GitHub repositories. They had to submit their work by simply posting on Piazza a link to their notebook on GitHub!
Each class, I asked questions and discussed with the students as a group, went around the room asking questions individually while looking at their work, and let the conversations be carried by the misunderstandings, difficulties or curiosity of the students. I never concerned myself with "covering material."
As students have all completed the AeroPython lessons by now, with a month left of the semester, they have started individual class projects. Most will use their version of the panel method to either study a problem they are interested in, or to extend it with a new feature. Example projects include: adding boundary-layer correction, adding an airfoil wake, building a two-airfoil solution, comparing a doublet- with a vortex-panel method.
A few students will work on a project using a well-known open-source potential-flow solver called XFLR. I'm not concerned about them using a "package" because they already know the fundamentals, they know the limits of potential-flow solutions and they use the tool critically.
What did I learn?
Like in my flipped CFD class two years ago, I witnessed the students in some rather unusual behavior—coming to class early and being hard at work by the time I arrived for our class meetings. This got me thinking about motivation.
But more surprising even was to see how students engaged with the material on potential flow. This is a rather dreary subject, usually offered to the students as a catalog of fundamental solutions, followed by problems by rote calculations.
The students using AeroPython in class used the tool of computing to investigate the subject matter, to make it palpable through the visualizations, and engage with it. I remember a dialogue with one student using Lesson 4 on Vortex Lift. They called me over declaring "The stagnation points disappeared!" —I looked at their code and asked for different values of the vortex strength: "What happens if you decrease it? If you decrease it a bit more?" Eventually, it became clear: "Ah! They move away from the cylinder!" All books show this, all aerodynamics teachers draw it on the board. But I'm confident my student will remember it better from having it discovered it through experimentation. This is the power of learning with computing.
It will take me a while to reflect and process the connections between motivation, engagement and learning with computing. Stay tuned!
Reference
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Becky Lynch has been the flag bearer for SmackDown's women's division since moving to WWE's blue brand.
The 30-year-old, from Dublin, Ireland became the inaugural SmackDown Women's Champion last September.
They then feuded with Alexa Bliss over the title before being derailed by the return of women's great Mickie James.
Bliss and James both transferred to Monday Night Raw in the post-WrestleMania 33 'Superstar Shake-up'.
But Lynch has now been joined on Tuesday nights by their great friend and rival, the four-time world champion Charlotte.
They spoke to the Mirror about the Superstar Shake-up, facing Charlotte, why SmackDown is WWE's top show and exploring their character.
(Image: © WWE)
It's now just over three weeks since WrestleMania 33 in Orlando, Florida - how was this year's event for you personally?
Oh it was amazing, it was great to be back in Orlando, which is kind of where this part of my journey started. That's where I started with NXT. So it was amazing to go back and be on the main card of WrestleMania in front of 75,000 people and going out there right before The Undertaker, which sounds a little bit crazy doesn't it? Being sandwiched in between Brock Lesnar versus Goldberg and The Undertaker's last match! It was incredible, a dream come true.
Originally the six-pack challenge for the SmackDown Women's Championship was set for the Kickoff pre-show, but following a campaign by fans on social media, many using the hashtag #GiveSDWomenAChance, the bout was moved to the main card. You tweeted after the decision to thank fans - did their efforts mean a lot to you?
They did because I felt like since the brand split, sometimes it wasn't even, and we weren't represented the way the other side [the Raw women's division] was. I feel like it should have been equal because we have got people so invested in our characters and in our storylines and I want to see that rewarded. Eventually after the fans spoke up, we were.
In the end your match against Naomi, Alexa Bliss, Mickie James, Carmella and Natalya was placed second to last.
Yeah, I always say I want to main event WrestleMania and this year I semi main evented WrestleMania, so I've just got one more spot to move to! Then we're there.
(Image: © WWE)
You were sporting a new look, with your hair in dreadlocks and a white stripe painted across your face. Where did the inspiration for that come from?
A lot of people have been tweeting me saying it was from some video game [Horizon Zero Dawn] but unfortunately I've never even heard of that before, it was just actually my brainchild. I've always wanted dreads, I thought they would be really cool. After sitting there for 11 hours of somebody pulling your hair, I think I'll never get them again! But they were cool for the night and I really liked the look. Then the facepaint, I was looking up Irish warriors and I came across this image and thought that's pretty cool, so they let me put that on. Then when I came up with the gear, I actually bought this skirt that I thought was awesome and then I went to my friend who is a dressmaker and they just had lots of different material lying around. I basically put on the top in a way that I thought would look cool and they ended up just sewing it on. That's how it all came together.
With the top hat, the goggles and now the dreads you reminded me of Linda Perry, the lead singer of 4 Non Blondes. They had a big single called What's Up in the early 1990s.
Ah, I don't know them. I know the name and I probably know the song... I'll have to Google them!
Naomi won the match and in doing so clinched the title for the second time. While you would have hoped to be in that position, what was it like to see them get to enjoy that moment in front of a hometown crowd?
Yeah I would but that's the thing, Naomi worked so hard. The first time they won the title, for it to end how it did, so suddenly and tragically because they hurt herself, that was upsetting, and I just know the work they put in and the heart that they have. So to see them win it on the grandest stage of them all and in their hometown, that's pretty spectacular.
What was your reaction to the Superstar Shakeup? Are you pleased you remained on SmackDown?
I'm delighted I remained on SmackDown, I love SmackDown. I think it's the better wrestling show and since day one I have wanted to be on SmackDown. Plus the fact we get Charlotte, who is an incredible talent and just amazing. I was sad to see my friends leave though, that was sad, like Heath Slater and Rhyno, Apollo Crews and Kalisto, and everybody else, I was like 'no!', The Miz and Maryse, Dean [Ambrose] and Bray [Wyatt], Mickie. But we got some great new talents here too, so I'm very excited for that.
(Image: © WWE)
You didn't mention Alexa Bliss then - the former SmackDown Women's Champion - were you sorry to see them leave too?
No, good riddance to them Ha ha.
You had some great matches with Alexa over the title and with Mickie, with whom we saw you feud at Royal Rumble and Elimination Chamber. It was a shame we didn't get to see you and Mickie work a longer feud together.
I know. I really loved my matches with Mickie and I'm excited for when they may happen again, although it may not be for a while now. I will be excited to see what they do on Raw as well. She's just great and an asset to the division. I'm so glad I got to work with her, even though it was brief.
Was they a performer you looked up to when you were first making your way as a wrestler?
Absolutely. I was telling them I remember watching them manage AJ Styles, when they were Alexis Laree on the independents [Mickie was Styles' manager in Ring of Honor in 2003]. It was crazy. I was telling them I remember them standing by the ring and their shoulders looked amazing, so that was another reason that I worked my shoulders so much ha ha.
You mentioned Charlotte - a lot of people will be aware of your shared path, how you came up together in NXT, and what good friends you are out of the ring. What do you think they will bring to SmackDown?
 They are amazing.  They are spectacular and unbelievable in their role, they really are. I think they will bring that extra X factor onto SmackDown. There's nobody that gets under people's skin quite like Charlotte. So it will be interesting to see what they do and how much they shake up the women's division.
You referenced earlier how you felt there has been more focus on the Raw women's division than on the SmackDown women's division. There was certainly a lot of attention on Charlotte's feud with Sasha Banks and their Hell in a Cell match, which headlined the pay-per-view of the same name in October. Do you hope that you and Charlotte will be able to reach those same heights on SmackDown?
Absolutely. I think we only barely scratched the surface. I think one of the turning points in the women's revolution was actually myself and Charlotte going into our feud. Before then there had been lots of women's matches, which was great, and we were getting to see the rewards, but there wasn't really any depth behind it. Then once we started our feud that went into the Royal Rumble last year, I think that was really a turning point because we were able to see a friendship falling apart and that is something people can get into, as opposed to 'okay, here's women, there's a revolution apparently, watch there matches'. This was something that people could relate to because it was one friend being ruthless and doing anything they could to win and screwing their best friend. Then it went off in a different direction but I would like to pick up where we left off.
In many ways they were the flag bearer for the women's division on Raw and you were the flag bearer for the women of SmackDown. To have both of you going at it on the same show is very exciting for fans.
The world will explode! Yeah it will be a great opportunity.
Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to play Tap to play The video will start in 8 Cancel Play now
We also saw the return of Tamina, who has been sidelined for nearly a year following knee surgery to repair torn ligaments.  They are a superstar with a different style to anyone else on the SmackDown roster.
Yes, she's larger than all of us! I will be like David facing Goliath. She's so strong, so I'm going to have to up my weightlifting game.
You have posted pictures on your social media channels of you weightlifting, is that a regular part of your training regime?
I've always been lifting since I started training to be a wrestler at 15, but recently I've got really into CrossFit and I love it. It's something that constantly pushes you and constantly tests you both physically and mentally to keep going and keep going harder, getting stronger and faster and more agile.
Raw's Seth Rollins has been a big advocate of CrossFit.
Yes, we have the same trainer. They call Rollins CrossFit Jesus but if you want you can call me Crossfit Shesus. Don't feel obliged or under pressure, only if you want to. You may also call be Cybec, because I am a machine. Again, no pressure.
Last time we spoke you talked about your MMA work outside of the ring.
Yes, I do less of that now, just because I'm so worried that if I was to get injured doing anything outside of the ring I wouldn't do what I love so much. My boyfriend is an MMA fighter [UFC star Luke Sanders] and they own a gym in Nashville so I will get them to show me some stuff, but as far as taking classes I don't do that anymore, just because I want to preserve my body for wrestling.
Returning to WrestleMania weekend, we saw you and your peers in the audience at the Hall of Fame ceremony. What was it like hearing inductees mention you by name as one of the brightest stars of the new generation?
Oh that means so much, especially coming from Beth Phoenix, who is just incredible. They were just such a hard worker and did so much for the sport, maybe more than is realised or will ever be realised. To have them stand up there and be so gracious to all of us is an absolute honour.
One of the things that struck me when watching the highlight package of their career, which was reinforced later on by Kurt Angle who talked about it specifically, is how important it is to be prepared to take risks and go outside of your comfort zone, for example exploring the comedic side of your character. That is something we saw Beth do with Santino Marella and that Kurt was able to do so well with the likes of Stone Cold Steve Austin and Booker T. Was that something that resonated with you? Would you welcome the opportunity to show us a different side to you, as well as being 'The Lasskicker'?
Oh, I've been begging for the chance. That's all I want to do. Comedy is part of my personality in general but I feel that maybe there has been one aspect you have seen of me. I get jumped an awful lot, probably more than any one person has done in their entire life, over the past two years, so I would love to develop different aspects. I have been able to show that fiery aspect, that never giving up aspect, which says 'okay you can do this to me, but I'm going to keep standing up for myself and come back, I'm not going to let it change me, I'm going to do things with integrity'. That is good for so long but I would really like to develop different aspects of myself on TV.
How much do you enjoy the opportunity then to go on a show like Talking Smack, where we get to see more of the real side of superstars, and speak to fans unscripted?
I love it. I love it so much, because that's the great thing about being unscripted and being able to talk as yourself. Because nobody knows who I am as much as I know who I am. If I can go out there and I can talk on behalf of myself in my own words, then I can communicate the message that I want to, and the one that I want to get across and the one that I feel perhaps isn't being heard.
Catch Becky Lynch this May when WWE Live returns to the UK! For more information regarding all WWE Live events in the UK visit www.bookingsdirect.com
Over at Science-Based Life there is an argument going on between Kyle Hill, the blog's author and someone who calls themselves themysteryof. It started out as a posting about the Shroud of Turin and I jumped in. I have since walked away. The posting has deteriorated into a debate between two fundamentalists: a Skeptic and a Christian.
This is a long quote (so much so that it is probably unfair) from an op-ed in yesterday's Washington Post by Reza Aslan, a columnist at the Daily Beast. It seemed to fit:
There is, as has often been noted, something peculiarly evangelistic about what has been termed the new atheist movement. The new atheists have their own special interest groups and ad campaigns. They even have their own holiday (International Blasphemy Day). It is no exaggeration to describe the movement popularized by the likes of Richard Dawkins, Daniel Dennett, Sam Harris, and Christopher Hitchens as a new and particularly zealous form of fundamentalism–an atheist fundamentalism. The parallels with religious fundamentalism are obvious and startling: the conviction that they are in sole possession of truth (scientific or otherwise), the troubling lack of tolerance for the views of their critics (Dawkins has compared creationists to Holocaust deniers), the insistence on a literalist reading of scripture (more literalist, in fact, than one finds among most religious fundamentalists), the simplistic reductionism of the religious phenomenon, and, perhaps most bizarrely, their overwhelming sense of siege: the belief that they have been oppressed and marginalized by Western societies and are just not going to take it anymore.This is not the philosophical atheism of Feuerbach or Marx, Schopenhauer or Nietzsche (I am not the first to think that the new atheists give atheism a bad name). Neither is it the scientific agnosticism of Thomas Huxley or Herbert Spencer. This is, rather, a caricature of atheism: shallow scholarship mixed with evangelical fervor.
The principle error of the new atheists lies in their inability to understand religion outside of its simplistic, exoteric, and absolutist connotations. Indeed, the most prominent characteristic of the new atheism–and what most differentiates it from traditional atheism–is its utter lack of literacy in the subject (religion) it is so desperate to refute. After all, religion is as much a discipline to be studied as it is an expression of faith. (I do not write books about, say, biology because I am not a biologist.) Religion, however it is defined, is occupied with transcendence–by which I mean that which lies beyond the manifest world and towards which consciousness is oriented–and transcendence necessarily encompasses certain theological connotations with which one ought to be familiar to properly critique belief in a god. One should, for example, be cognizant of how the human experience of transcendence has been expressed in the material world through historically dependent symbols and metaphors. One should be able to recognize the diverse ways in which the universal recognition of human contingency, finitude, and material existence has become formalized through ecclesiastical institutions and dogmatic formulae. One should become acquainted with the unmistakable patterns–call them modalities (Rudolph Otto), paradigmatic gestures (Mircea Eliade), spiritual dimensions (Ninian Smart), or archetypes (Carl Jung)–that recur in the myths and rituals of nearly all religious traditions and throughout all of recorded history. Even if one insists on reducing humanity's enduring religious impulse to causal definitions, dismissing the experience of transcendence as nothing more than an anthropological (e.g. Edward Tylor or Max Muller), sociological (think Robertson Smith or Emile Durkheim), or even psychological phenomenon (ala Sigmund Freud, who attempted to locate the religious impulse deep within the individual psyche, as though it were a mental disorder that could be cured through proper psychoanalysis), one should at the very least have a sense of what the term "God" means.
Of course, positing the existence of a transcendent reality that exists beyond our material experiences does not necessarily imply the existence of a Divine Personality, or God. (In some ways, the idea of God is merely the personal affirmation of the transcendent experience.) But what if did? What if one viewed the recurring patterns of religious phenomena that so many diverse cultures and civilizations–separated by immeasurable time and distance–seem to have shared as evidence of an active, engaging, transcendent presence (what Muslims call the Universal Spirit, Hindus call prana, Taoists call chi'i, Jews call ruah, and Christians call the Holy Spirit) that underlies creation, that, in fact, impels creation? Is such a possibility any more hypothetical than say, superstring theory or the notion of the multiverse? Then again, maybe the patterns of religious phenomenon signify nothing. Maybe they indicate little more than a common desire among all peoples to answer similar questions of "Ultimate Concern," to use the Protestant theologian, Paul Tillich's famous phrase. The point is that, like any researcher or critic, like any scientist, I'm open to possibilities.
The new atheists will say that religion is not just wrong but evil, as if religion has a monopoly on radicalism and violence; if one is to blame religion for acts of violence carried out in religion's name then one must also blame nationalism for fascism, socialism for Nazism, communism for Stalinism, even science for eugenics. The new atheists claim that people of faith are not just misguided but stupid–the stock response of any absolutist. Some argue that the religious impulse is merely the result of chemicals in the brain, as though understanding the mechanism by which the body experiences transcendence delegitimizes the experience (every experience is the result of chemical reactions). What the new atheists do not do, and what makes them so much like the religious fundamentalists they abhor, is admitted that all metaphysical claims–be they about the possibility of a transcendent presence in the universe or the birth of the incarnate God on earth–are ultimately unknowable and, perhaps, beyond the purview of science. That may not be a slogan easily pasted on the side of a bus. But it is the hallmark of the scientific intellect.
CLOSE What's included in Gov. Christie's shutdown of TTF-funded road projects? Wochit
Buy Photo The new Parkway ramps at Exit 91 in Brick are ready to open and shown Monday, May 15, 2017. (Photo: Thomas P. Costello)Buy Photo
BRICK — Finally!
After waiting through three years of construction, the first portion of the new Exit 91 on the Garden State Parkway is set to open, county officials announced on Monday.
In a statement, Ocean County Freeholder John Kelly hailed the project as much-needed relief for traffic congestion on Burnt Tavern and Lanes Mill roads.
While the previous interchange had only an exit ramp for southbound Parkway motorists, the new traffic configuration includes multiple entrance and exit ramps.
On Tuesday, new traffic signals will be activated at four intersections in the area:
Stephan Road and Lanes Mill Road
Herborn Avenue Extension and Lanes Mill Road
Herborn Avenue and Burnt Tavern Road
Burnt Tavern Road and Lanes Mill Road
Additional construction on the "northbound" side of the project, including a new exit ramp, will be open later this summer, Ocean County spokesperson Donna Flynn said.
“This is expected to increase the level of performance on the roadway now and 20 years into the future,” Kelly said. “This is one of our most far-reaching designs to upgrade a Parkway interchange.”
Traffic in the area routinely backs up, with lines of cars often stretching onto the Garden State Parkway during peak commuting times. A NJ Transit park-and-ride lot also causes road congestion in the morning and early evening.
Buy Photo The freshly painted lines at the south end of Heborn Avenue at Lanes Mill Road, looking across to the Parkway entrtance ramp at Exit 91, are shown Monday, May 15, 2017. (Photo: Thomas P. Costello)
With the new ramps open, "you're getting off right there, onto Burnt Tavern Road, as opposed to having to go through the whole town,” Brick Mayor John Ducey said.
But the main issue was never the traffic, they said. Most complaints from residents singled out the wear-and-tear damage done to their vehicles thanks to daily trips through an active construction site.
Ducey knows from experience: They live just off Burnt Tavern Road, near the construction site. And for the last six or seven months, he's been taking a different route home.
“It's been a nightmare at times, an inconvenience at others and everything in between,” Ducey said. “All the potholes and bumps and uneven pavements, all the shifting – that's what's really beating up these cars.”
Or as Brielle resident Blaise Turi put it: "The road is like a war zone."
Ocean County spokesperson Donna Flynn said paving work on the western portion of the project should be complete by the end of the week. County Engineer John Ernst was not available for comment.
Construction for the exit 91 project began in October 2014, with a budget of just over $21 million.
And until last summer, it was proceeding ahead of schedule. But the timeline and cost estimates were thrown into flux when construction ceased last summer, caught up in the fight over a gasoline tax hike.
The project was one of hundreds included in Gov. Chris Christie's mandated shutdown of all state transportation work financed by the Transportation Trust Fund.
“It was totally shutdown for three or four months and, over the winter, it just hardly seemed like anyone was ever working on it,” Ducey said. “It was definitely delayed pretty much equally to the months it was shut down for.”
NEWSLETTERS Get the Breaking News newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-822-9779. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for Breaking News Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
MORE: Exit 91 delayed, costs balloon due to TTF shutdown
The county was billed for nearly $1 million more in additional costs due to the shutdown:
Nearly $632,000 for additional labor, materials and trucking costs due to the extended construction schedule.
More than $190,000 in equipment left idle at the site, unable to be used on other projects
More than $85,000 in labor reimbursement for necessary safety work on the site during the shutdown
It was the fourth-largest project caught up in the shutdown.
"I'm 52," said Jackson native Ivan Hartstein, in a comment on the Asbury Park Press Facebook page. "And it seems that this exit has been under some sort of construction almost all of my life."
Mike Davis: 732-643-4223; mdavis@gannettnj.com
Read or Share this story: http://on.app.com/2qJ1HHR
The Nexus of Monetary Policy and Shadow Banking in China
NBER Working Paper No. 23377
Issued in May 2017, Revised in May 2018
NBER Program(s):Asset Pricing, Development Economics, Economic Fluctuations and Growth, Monetary Economics
We estimate the quantity-based monetary policy system in China. We argue that China's rising shadow banking was inextricably linked to banks' balance-sheet risk and hampered the effectiveness of monetary policy on the banking system during the 2009-2015 period of monetary policy contractions. By constructing two micro datasets at the individual bank level, we substantiate this argument with three empirical findings: (1) in response to monetary policy tightening, nonstate banks actively engaged in intermediating shadow banking products; (2) these banks, in sharp contrast to state banks, brought shadow banking products onto the balance sheet via risky investments; (3) bank loans and risky investment assets in the banking system respond in opposite directions to monetary policy tightening, which makes monetary policy less effective. We build a theoretical framework to derive the above testable hypotheses and explore implications of the interaction between monetary and regulatory policies.
Acknowledgments
Machine-readable bibliographic record - MARC, RIS, BibTeX
Document Object Identifier (DOI): 10.3386/w23377
Published:
Users who downloaded this paper also downloaded* these:
MORE FROM WAVE3.COM
+ Beshear: Can't see lawmakers approving Bevin's UofL shakeup
+ Tolling on Kennedy, Lincoln, East End Bridges to begin Dec. 30
+ Red Cross brings holiday cheer to kids affected by home fires
Decorated art can be found in each room, to reflect the city's history, specifically buildings and businesses near the property. The double Queen guest room bath includes a framed canvas depicting a vintage typewriter influenced by the
Louisville Typewrite Company, which once stood on the Omni site.
The hotel says two stories will continue to be built each month until all 30 stories are complete. The project is providing more than 700 construction jobs, and nearly 300 permanent jobs.
The hotel is on track for a 2018 opening. So far, the hotel has booked 42,000 room night through 2023. It will be the tallest hotel in the city, as well as the third tallest building overall along Louisville's skyline.
Copyright 2016 WAVE 3 News. All rights reserved.
Kids Riding Bicycles: Steven Spielberg and the Empowerment of Children
Paul Bullock Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 22, 2017
One of Spielberg's defining images: a child, a bike and power
In Sweden in 1982, a seemingly unassuming movie raised the ire of the country's censors. The film had been released widely elsewhere and found huge success, but Sweden believed its content to be so incendiary that it placed an 11 rating upon it, meaning nobody under that age could watch. The decision proved controversial and provoked protests; not from adults, but children, who took to the streets with placards reading “Away with the 11-year-limit” and “Children's films are made for children.” The film in question wasn't Blade Runner or John Carpenter's The Thing, but Steven Spielberg's heartwarming E.T., and the Swedish censors' rationale for keeping it away from youngsters was that it portrayed adults as their enemies.
There's something faintly ludicrous about this story and it's gone on to become an urban legend (the legend, of course, making it seem like E.T. was outright banned rather than just restricted). It does, however, highlight something often overlooked about Spielberg's films: they're not all sweetness and light. Spielberg's family-friendly reputation (perpetuated, in part, by E.T.) has glossed over the darker elements of their career, which recur in everything from the bloody horror of Jaws to the saccharine sentimentality of Hook. It's meant that we tend remember the majesty of the dinosaurs in Jurassic Park, but overlook just how violent and disturbing the T. rex's attack on Tim and Lex is. Such tonal complexity doesn't sit well with culture's desire to provide simplistic readings of the films we consume.
The narrative has persisted though and it informs the way critics explore Spielberg's treatment of children. One of only a handful of great directors to tackle the childhood experience in significant depth, Spielberg has nonetheless been criticised for ignoring the more troubling side of growing up in favour of a sentimental portrait of innocence and wonder. “It can prove challenging to throw one's hat in the arena of Spielbergian delights without feeling a twinge of cinephilic guilt,” Eric Kohn wrote for IndieWire in 2011. “His movies not only frequently center around children but inhabit their perspective, tapping into a juvenile sense of imagination that explains the profound impact their work tends to have on younger viewers.”
Going further, some critics have suggested Spielberg's focus on children corrodes the audience, giving us a view of the world that's more comforting than the complex reality we need to live in. Spielberg is guilty of “infantilizing the audience,” writes Peter Biskind in their book ‘Easy Riders, Raging Bulls' and “reconstituting the spectator as child, then overwhelming them and them with sound and spectacle, obliterating irony, aesthetic self-consciousness, and critical reflection.” Focusing specifically on E.T., Ilsa J Blick adds: “Instead of simply invoking the memories and associations of childhood, Spielberg consistently aims to infantalise the viewer. Thus, if the viewer is not looking through the eyes of Elliot or ET, he/she is looking at Elliot or ET looking up, just as children look to their parents or wonder at the stars.”
Ingrid E. Castro is kinder in their assessment, accepting that in their earlier films, Spielberg's depiction of childhood was richer and more empowering. However, they also note in their essay ‘Children, Innocence, and Agency in the Films of Steven Spielberg' (which is available in the compendium ‘Children in the Films of Steven Spielberg') that as he's got older their films have begun to portray children as more innocent and in need of protection. This, they argue, has robbed them of their sense of empowerment. “In Spielberg's films,” they write, “the preservation of children's innocence, a characteristic which is integral to adult redemption and character development/affirmation, transforms childhood into a “protectionist experience” for adults.”
Spielberg undoubtedly sees childhood as a magical state worthy of protection; it's why Elliott in E.T. and Barry Guiler in Close Encounters of the Third Kind are open to the transcendental alien visitations those films depict. But it's a magic that needs to be fought for and earned. Elliott is chased by the FBI and has to suffer through the apparent death of their new friend, while Barry undergoes a traumatic kidnapping after opening the door to the aliens. Even in Hook, one of Spielberg's most maligned and apparently sentimental films, Peter Banning's children are told the ultimate nightmare by Captain Hook. “Before you were born your parents would stay up all night together just to see the sun rise,” they insist. “Before you were born, they were happier. They were free.” Judging by Banning's actions during the film, such a damning assessment might just be right.
Even as he's got older and associated less with the child and more with the adult, Spielberg's tenacious kids remain. In The Lost World: Jurassic Park, Ian Malcolm's daughter Kelly gleefully battles Raptors using their talents in gymnastics. In A.I., David refuses to give up in pursuit of the Blue Fairy despite the odds being against him. In The Adventures of Tintin: The Secret of the Unicorn, the eponymous boy reporter is steadfast in their pursuit of the story. And in The BFG, Sophie refuses to be intimidated by the mean giants who make their friend's life a misery. Spielberg's children are all fighters and they have to be considering the odds against them. “I would not want to be a child in a Spielberg film,” James Kendrick, author of Darkness in the Bliss-Out: A Reconsideration of the Films of Steven Spielberg, has noted. “They are constantly being abducted, enslaved and traumatized.”
Ruby Barnhill is surrounded by bigness in The BFG
Where does this come from? Like a lot of Spielberg's cinema, it's partly autobiographical. Spielberg was an anxious child who found fear everywhere and he's hung on to that as he's got older. “I use my childhood in all my pictures, and all the time,” he's said. “I go back there to find ideas and stories. My childhood was the most fruitful part of my entire life. All those horrible, traumatic years I spent as a kid became what I do for a living today, or what I draw from creatively today.” Horrible? Traumatic? Surely not saccharine sweet Spielberg? But it's true. “I was terrified by the tree. It was a huge tree,” Spielberg's explained of a tree outside the window of their childhood bedroom (which almost certainly inspired the one that snatches Robbie in Poltergeist). “Every single night my imagination would find something else to fear. There was just something about bigness that scared me when I was a kid.”
Indeed, such ‘bigness' recurs in many of Spielberg's most significant films. The truck in Duel, the shark in Jaws, the Mothership in Close Encounters, the T. rex in Jurassic Park, the Tripods in War of the Worlds and the mean giants in The BFG are obvious examples, but others can be seen elsewhere, particularly in geographic locations. The wood the alien ship lands in E.T. is vast and intimidating, the temple in Indiana Jones and the Temple of Doom is an endless labyrinth of hellish pits and broken tunnels, the sunken New York of A.I. is a vast and desolate ocean, the forests of Always are infernos that humble and challenge the characters, and the airport in The Terminal seems to engulf Viktor and make connection with others impossible. Bigness lurks over everyone and that bigness is always a source of awe and wonder, fear and danger. It's the thing that Spielberg's characters have to counter, and it's even more significant for their child characters, whose smallness it's sharply juxtaposed with.
Adults are undoubtedly one example of the “bigness” that Spielberg feared and to understand their depiction of childhood, it's important to understand how they portray adulthood. Though their attitude to their adult characters has softened over the years (think of the kind father figures played by Tom Hanks in Catch Me If You Can and Bridge of Spies, Daniel Day-Lewis in Lincoln, and Mark Rylance in The BFG) he's remained consistent in portraying adult characters with deep flaws and vulnerabilities. Spielbergian adults are weak (Martin Brody, David Mann), wild (Lou-Jean Poplin), morally dubious (Oskar Schindler, Keys), cowardly (Alan Grant), irresponsible (Roy Neary, Pete Sandich), ineffective (Jim Graham's father), mercenary (Basie), destructive (John Anderton, Ray Ferrier) or selfish (Peter Banning). They're rarely evil, but they do prove those Swedish censors right: they're the enemies of children and throw down obstacles our youthful heroes must counter to get what they seek.
The subversion of social norms is how Spielberg's children fight these monstrous adults. Think, for example, of Elliott breaking the formality of the dinner table by screaming obscenities (“penis breath!”) at their brother and friends in E.T, or Short Round showing disrespect for Indy by cheating in their card game during Temple of Doom. These are childish moments, and intentionally so. Spielberg isn't interested in patronising their child characters by talking down to them, or elevating them to the point that they're little more than miniature adults. That'd undermine the point. Instead they want their child characters to revel in their childhood — their immaturity, their low status in society — and to show how those things make them more mature than the so-called mature grown-ups around them. When Sophie proudly describes themselves as “an untrustworthy child” in The BFG, it's a rallying cry for all Spielberg's children. Being dismissed in such terms is a badge of honour.
The Lost Boys take back control in Hook
Objects play a key role in this rebellion as well. Sometimes it's just for mischief: the children in Jaws, for example, raise a false alarm on Amity's beaches when they use a fake fin to convince beach-goers that a shark is lurking by the shore. At others, it's more serious. In A.I., David's toy Teddy helps guide them on their path to the Blue Fairy, offering the sort of comfort and acceptance they lack from their parents. Meanwhile in Schindler's List, The Girl in the Red Coat's jacket helps them stand out in the chaos of the Holocaust and force Oskar Schindler into action. These are all childish items: toys or objects so small only a kid could own them. But Spielberg weaponises them by using them as tools of transformation and imagination. This is most apparent in Hook, where Peter Banning taps into their childhood by imagining an empty table is filled with colourful food that they and the Lost Boys use in a food fight. Another moment where the adult and childhood worlds clash. Another moment where social norms are undone by childish immaturity.
It's telling that Spielberg owns two key objects himself. In 1982, after the success of E.T., they won the Rosebud sled from Citizen Kane at auction, while in their Amblin office at Universal, he's hung Norman Rockwell's famous ‘Boy on a High Dive', which pictures a small child peering over the edge of a tall diving board with fear and excitement etched across their face. For Spielberg, these objects are sources of inspiration and in that way they're similar to props in a film (literally in the case of the Rosebud sled): items that encourage them in their endeavours. They see the objects they give to their children in a similar way. They're playthings designed to ignite the imagination, totems that are to be used to inspire a wider narrative that's deeply childish in nature. After all, what else is the sight of E.T. and Elliott flying across the face of the moon on their bike but an updated version of the nursery rhymes of old. Just like the cow, the alien and their human friend jumped over the moon.
It's another autobiographical trait of Spielberg's film-making that connects them back to their own youth. A prankster always looking for attention, young Spielberg would use practical jokes (a form of comedic storytelling) and associated props to win power. In one incident, they applied tomato ketchup to their face to convince people he'd been brutally beaten in a fight with another child, while during another they concocted a terrible blend of foods to act as fake vomit that they dispatched at a cinema in an incident that would be immortalised through Chunk in The Goonies. Not even their family could escape their inventive wrath. At home, they once used a fishbowl to recreate a character from a science fiction film their sisters found scary, and later cut the head off a doll and presented it to their sister Anne on a silver platter surrounded by a bed of lettuce. A lone boy among three sisters who struggled to fit in at school, Spielberg found strength their ability to use imagination to reclaim strength.
Most significantly, this also stretched to their interest in film. A bully had been tormenting the young Spielberg for months, but when putting together their latest amateur effort, the budding director saw a chance to win the boy over. Noticing that they bore a striking resemblance to Clint Eastwood, Spielberg asked them to join the cast of a war movie they were making, and suddenly their dynamic changed.
“Even when they were in one of my movies I was afraid of him. But I was able to bring them over to a place where I felt safer: in front of my camera. I didn't use words. I used a camera, and I discovered what a tool and a weapon, what an instrument of self-inspection and self- expression it is…I had learned that film was power.”
Now he's older, Spielberg recognises the need to pass the gift of storytelling on to this generation of kids. Speaking to Tom Shone during promotion for The BFG, they discussed the stories they tell their grandchildren and how they aim to empower them:
“They're all stories of empowerment, and being magical or able to read your mom and dad's mind, or your best friend being a Tyrannosaurus Rex that only you know about and they live in your backyard. Only one time, you got on their back and they took you to school, and they scared all the kids, but when you brought them in for show-and-tell, they realised that they were a nice T. rex. They all sat around and listened to their stories. It's all about making kids feel like they can do anything. That nothing's impossible.”
By granting their young characters objects and a language that only they can understand, Spielberg imbues them with power. It's a power that means they're able to craft their own lives and forge their own identities: ultimately taking back control of who they are. So those Swedish censors back in 1982 only understood half of the equation. Yes, adults are an enemy, but what makes Spielberg's films truly inspiring and truly empowering is that their children, and by extension the children watching, are quite capable of taking them on. They're untrustworthy children, one and all, and they're not scared.
Posted by Site Admin
Oct 26, 2015 | Keywords: fermentation Pinot Noir UC Davis Wine Wine and Oxygen wine technology
At the beginning of fermentation, when Oxygen is present, yeast use it to synthesize fatty acids and sterols. These specific types of chemicals are then used for cell wall maintenance and population growth—yeast stay healthy, happy and plentiful throughout the fermentation. When Oxygen is added to the fermenting must, it helps to limit negative volatile sulfur compounds (VSCs–think H2S) and helps stabilize color as well as help the tannins become more complex and rounded – like the tannin in Clos de la Tech wines.
The Classic French winemaker's approach was to have people climb into the vat with the crushed grapes and splash around to agitate the must introduce a little oxygen. Unfortunately, you also run the risk of adding too much oxygen, which can result in oxidation (dulling of the fruit, with VA and sherry-like aromas).
The Clos de la Tech solution involves a bit of technology. Each fermentation tank has its own utility station – each station has hot, warm and cold water, nitrogen, a Fermentation Control Box, and yes, Oxygen. The Oxygen line gives us the ability to add just the right amount of oxygen to each individual fermentor at just the right time.
Moreover, we don't use regular air. To guard against introducing air-borne bacteria, pollutants, etc., we use an air-purification system in our cave before it arrives at the utility station.
So, what are the benefits of a little Oxygen? Just like classic Burgundian winemakers, we know that just the right amount of oxygen at just the right time would result in a wine having deeper and more stable color, softer tannins and a smoother mouth feel.
A little breath of Oxygen can make a big difference to a world class Pinot Noir.
Clos de la Tech Pinot Noir is currently available for purchase here.
Due to the potential downpour, make sure to check the links for cancellation or changes for events this weekend.
All Weekend Long
Now through Sunday, and beyond: See I Sing the Rising Sea by the Virginia Stage Company at the ODU Goode Theatre.
Now through Sunday: Fill your taste desires with the Virginia Beach Restaurant Week.
Thursday through Saturday: Sign up for the Hero Games.
Thursday through Sunday: Go nuts at the Suffolk Peanut Festival.
Friday through Saturday: Catch FAME – The Musical at the Ferguson Center for the Arts.
Friday through Sunday: Head to Cape Charles for the 24th Annual Eastern Shore Birding & Wildlife Festival.
Friday through Sunday: Step back in time to when they spelled the word “fair” with an ‘e' on the end. The Harvest Faire, the Virginia Peninsula's oldest Renaissance Festival will be held in Newport News.
Friday through Sunday: See The Musical Comedy Murders of 1940 at the Little Theatre of Virginia Beach. Read the AltDaily review here.
Friday through Sunday and beyond: See Picnic at the Peninsula Community Theatre.
Friday and beyond: The Agrarian Ideal opens at the Chrysler Museum featuring Money van Gogh, and Homer.
Saturday and Sunday: Celebrate the 12th Annual Port Warwick Art & Sculpture Sale in Newport News.
Saturday and Sunday: Get on track with the Tidewater Division Model Railroaders 27th Annual Train Show at the Virginia Beach Convention Center. All Aboard!
Saturday and Sunday: Grab your tickets for Masterworks: Lily and the Gypsies at the Sandler Center.
This weekend and beyond: Check out the very busy calendar of offerings from the Norfolk Public Library.
Thursday
4:30-7:30pm: Enjoy the 24th Annual Norfolk Kiwanis Harbor Party in Town Point Park.
4:30-7:30pm: It's time for another SMARTCADE at Smartmouth Beer.
6pm: Things Get Outta Hand at Clay Nights at PFAC. Grab your spot now!
6:30-8:30pm: They've got questions; we hope you have answers. It is Trivia Night at Big Ugly.
6:30-8pm: Check out the Artist Talk: War Toys with Brian McCarty at the Virginia MOCA.
7:30pm: (Please read this in your best amped-up, booming head voice) WWE NXT LIVE will be at the Ted Constant Convocation Center. Get ready for the hottest brand in sports entertainment. AAAAHAHHHHAHHAHAh!
7:30-10pm: Learn about local singer-songwriters during Songwriters Live at the Zeiders American Dream Theater.
Friday
10:30-12pm: Hang out at Café Stella with The Muse during Writers Coffee Break.
3-10pm: Enjoy the cooler weather by visiting O'Connor Brewing for the release of Sweater Weather Belgian Wit.
5:30pm: Don't miss the last First Friday of the season at The Plot in the NEON District. Anthony and the Conqueroos will entertain. While you're over there, check out Nate Sacks and DJ Canrock at Work Release. You can even catch a free show at The Push every half hour starting at 6pm.
6-7:15pm: Make time to attend the Final Norfolk Notables Tour of Elmwood Cemetery of the season. These tours are guided by very knowledgeable volunteers and the donations support the Norfolk Society for Cemetery Conservation.
7-10pm: If you need more macabre in your weekend, check out the Zombie Trail Walk at the Adventure Sports Park.
7pm: Hear Strike Anywhere, A Global Threat, War on Women at Shaka's Live.
7:30pm: Check out this concert at the Norva (a part of the AltDaily Concert Series) featuring Such Great Heights, Bottom of the Ninth, Give ‘Em Hell Kid, and Until the Wind Shifts.
8pm: Catch the Michael Clark Band at Charlie's.
9pm-2am: See Glazer, Bato, and Uglyography at Toast.
Saturday
8am-7pm: Grab your king and queen and make your move toward the Virginia Beach National Chess Day Festival at Town Center.
9am-2pm: Check out the Smithfield Autumn Vintage Market.
9:30am-12:30pm: Stretch it out during Yoga On Tap at St. George Brewing.
10am-11am: Pre-register for Outdoor Garden Yoga at the Norfolk Botanical Gardens.
11am-12pm: Find your center during Sloga. This is a free yoga class.
11am-2pm: Check out Soldiering Through Time at the Hampton History Museum.
11am-4pm: Head to the Portsmouth Pavilion for the Portsmouth Tuner Fest.
12-2pm: Enjoy Slover Sounds with Zack Salsberry.
1-2pm: Register ahead of time for this event as tickets are limited. The lecture of Anglicans and The Native Peoples of Virginia will be held at Historic St. Luke's Church in Smithfield.
5-6:30pm: Children's book author Thea Fielding-Lowe will be signing at AFK Bookstore on Shore Drive.
5-11:59pm: This event has so many stars involved, you won't believe your eyes! The START PARTY NASA Celebration will be held at The Virginia Living Museum.
7-10pm: Loving our local brew industry? Give some love back and help support Wasserhund Brewing Brew Master and part owner Aaron Holley. It will make your soul feel better.
8pm: Grab your tickets for Blue October with Danny Malone at the Norva.
8pm-2am: At the SHUSHfactory hear TMobyle, Jaguardini, Ships in the Night, and Energyze. It will certainly be more fun than trying to spell all of those!
9pm-2am: Hear Deathhouse Blues with Black Book at Norfolk Taphouse.
10-11:30pm: It is finals time for the Lip Service! lip singing competition at the Push.
10pm-2am: Meet others with Dark Desires at MJ's Tavern.
Sunday
10am-4pm: It is Military Appreciation Day at the Virginia Zoo.
10:30-11:45am: Stretch and tap that at Poses & Pints at O'Connor's.
11am-3pm: Find your favorite trinket at the Outdoor Arts & Crafts Fair at the Looking Glass Artisan Boutique.
12-3pm: Grab some of the best pop-up breakfast items at the Glass Gardens Plant Pop Up with Waffletina at O'Connor's.
2-7pm: Have a blast at Rock the Frack Out: A Concert for Climate Action at Coelacanth Brewing.
6-11:30pm: Head to 37th and Zen to hear The Last Ten Seconds of Life, Traitors, Spite, Of Tyrants, and more.
7pm: Believe the impossible at Masters of Illusion at the Sandler Center.
Want your awesome event listed in the Reasons? Send information about your event to mermaidcitygal@gmail.com with the event date in the subject line. Links to event information online are preferable.
Facebook Comments
U.S. troops booted from Afghan area
Afghanistan's president on Sunday ordered all U.S. special forces to leave a strategically important eastern province within two weeks because of allegations that Afghans working with them are torturing and abusing other Afghans.
The decision seems to have caught the coalition and U.S. Forces Afghanistan, a separate command, by surprise. Americans have frequently drawn anger from the Afghan public over issues ranging from Qurans burned at a U.S. base to allegations of civilian killings.
Story Continued Below
“We take all allegations of misconduct seriously and go to great lengths to determine the facts surrounding them,” the U.S. forces said in a statement.
Also Sunday, a series of attacks in eastern Afghanistan showed insurgents remain on the offensive even as U.S. and other international forces prepare to end their combat mission by the end of 2014.
Suicide bombers targeted Afghanistan's intelligence agency and other security forces in four coordinated attacks in the heart of Kabul and outlying areas in a bloody reminder of the insurgency's reach nearly 12 years into the war.
Presidential spokesperson Aimal Faizi said the decision to order the American special forces to leave Wardak province was taken during a meeting of the National Security Council because of the alleged actions of Afghans who are considered linked to the U.S. special forces.
They said all special forces operations were to cease immediately in the restive province next to Kabul, which is viewed as a gateway to the capital and has been the focus of counterinsurgency efforts in recent years.
The Taliban have staged numerous attacks against U.S.-led coalition forces in the province. In August 2011, insurgents shot down a Chinook helicopter, killing 30 American troops, mostly elite Navy SEALs, in Wardak. The crash was the single deadliest loss for U.S. forces in the war.
Afghan forces have taken the lead in many such special operations, especially so-called night raids.
“Those Afghans in these armed groups who are working with the U.S. special forces, the defense minister asked for an explanation of who they are,” Faizi said. “Those individuals should be handed over to the Afghan side so that we can further investigate.”
A statement the security council issued in English said the armed individuals have allegedly been “harassing, annoying, torturing and even murdering innocent people.”
Ceasing all such operations could have a negative impact on the coalition's campaign to go after Taliban leaders and commanders, who are usually the target of such operations.
Faizi said the issue had already been brought up with the coalition.
The U.S. statement said only that the announcement was “an important issue that we intend to fully discuss with our Afghan counterparts. But until we have had a chance to speak with senior Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan officials about this issue, we are not in a position to comment further.”
The brazen assaults, which occurred within a three-hour timespan, were the latest to strike Afghan forces, who have suffered higher casualties this year as U.S. and other foreign troops gradually take a back seat and shift responsibility for security to the government.
The deadliest attack occurred just after sunrise - a suicide car bombing at the gate of the National Directorate of Security compound in Jalalabad, 78 miles east of Kabul.
Guards shot and killed the driver but they managed to detonate the explosives-packed vehicle, killing two intelligence agents and wounding three others, according to a statement by the intelligence agency. Provincial government spokesperson Ahmad Zia Abdulzai confirmed the casualty toll and said the building was damaged in the attack.
A guard also shot and killed a man in an SUV filled with dynamite that was targeting an NDS building on a busy street in Kabul, not far from NATO headquarters. The explosives in the back of the vehicle were defused. Blood stained the driver's seat and the ground where security forces dragged out the would-be attacker.
Shortly before the Jalalabad attack, a suicide attacker detonated a minivan full of explosives at a police checkpoint in Pul-i-Alam on the main highway between Kabul and Logar province. One police officer was killed and two others were wounded, along with a bystander, according to the NDS.
Also in Logar province, which is due south of Kabul, a man wearing a suicide vest was stopped by police as they tried to force their way into the police headquarters for Baraki Barak district, said Din Mohammad Darwesh, the provincial government spokesperson. The attacker detonated their vest while being searched, wounding one police officer, according to Darwesh and the NDS.
Taliban spokesperson Zabiullah Mujahid claimed responsibility for the Jalalabad attack and two others in the eastern province of Logar in an email to reporters. They did not address the attempted assault in Kabul.
Late last month, vice-chair of President Trump's Voter Fraud Panel, Secretary of State Kris Kobach, sent letters to all 50 states, renewing efforts to obtain personal voter data from each state.
This letter was sent solely by Sec. Kobach, and was not cleared beforehand with any of the other commissioners, including Democrats like Secretary of State Matt Dunlap of Maine. More importantly, though their first effort was met with widespread, bipartisan rebuke by their fellow secretaries of state, Sec. Kobach is back once again requesting that states trust the White House with an unprecedented federal database of every voter in the country. While many election officials of both parties are continuing to refuse to share any voter data, a few states are now sharing public data if required by law.
ADVERTISEMENT
Many questions remain after this second attempt, the main ones being why do they want this voter data and what do they intend to do with it? These questions are key, because even if they obtained the public data available from every state (basically name, address, birth year, political party, and voting history), there is literally no way they can use this to determine anything of value.
Researchers have written extensively on this problem, finding a similar program run by Sec. Kobach that uses slightly more data than the commission will have available (full dates of birth, not just birth year) are almost six times as likely to match a name incorrectly as correctly, and about 200 times more likely to be wrong about double voting as they are correct. And further research confirms that millions of American voters will be erroneously identified as fraudulent voters if the panel proceeds as they seem to intend to.
This is junk science, and it's incumbent upon the commission to explain how they will overcome this likely-insurmountable hurdle. The commission does not even attempt to provide the states with any information about their intentions or qualifications, and the states are wise to continue to demand that the commission be transparent about its methodology before releasing any voter data.
Other questions loom large as well, all of which have been asked multiple times by the states, with no answers:
What are the names and qualifications of those who will have access to all this personal data? How will the data be protected during storage and transmission? What is the legal basis for Sec. Kobach's claim that “the Commission will not publicly release any personally identifiable information regarding any individual voter or any group of voters from the voter registration records you submit.” Does this mean they simply won't affirmatively release all this public data? What happens if someone requests it under applicable federal law? Sec. Dunlap, a member of Kobach's commission, has refused to provide any data until these questions in particular are answered . If the only information the commission seeks is “publicly available,” why hasn't the commission sought to obtain this data as any other member of the public would? Why have they shifted this burden on election officials in the states? If finding voters who might have multiple voter records (usually because voters have moved between states since they last voted) is the commission's goal, why have they completely ignored the one tool that has proven to be effective at helping states keep up with mobile voters — the Electronic Registration Information Center, or ERIC . Run by the states, it uses more data, securely and privately, to help a bipartisan group states — states as blue as Connecticut and as red as Alabama — keep their voter lists accurate.
In the recent letter, Sec. Kobach repeats the plea made several times by Vice President Pence during the first meeting of their panel, that there are no “preconceived conclusions or judgments” and that the commission will go where the “facts lead.”
And yet, during the first meeting of the commission and in multiple media appearances before and after that meeting, Sec. Kobach and several other members of the commission made clear that they believe widespread voter fraud to be a major threat (even though every piece of research and investigations by election officials of both parties confirms voter fraud to be extremely rare), and have made light of citizens' concerns.
President Trump left no doubt of where they expect the “facts” to go when they referred to their “voter fraud panel” and kicked off the first meeting of the panel by accusing Republican and Democratic election officials of “hiding something.” And once again, to justify its debunked claims of widespread fraud, the commission mis-cited the study that I wrote while leading Pew's elections program.
If this commission seeks to be taken seriously as a fact-finding entity it will have to earn the states' trust and demonstrate it's willing to work to restore its credibility. Until then, election officials of both parties will rightly resist cooperating with this inquisition.
David Becker is a former senior litigator with the U.S. Department of Justice Voting Section, and currently serves as the executive director and founder of The Center for Election Innovation & Research, a non-profit that works to improve the security, integrity, and efficiency of elections.
The views expressed by contributors are their own and not the views of The Hill.
There's more than just one Kim Davis. In light of the Kentucky county clerk's return to work after a six-day stint in jail, officials from across the country are boycotting their marriage licensing duties.
Refusing to grant licenses or facilitate ceremonies, these local government workers are prompting a national conversation on individual religious rights, as well as attracting criticism from supporters of same-sex marriage.
North Carolina, for instance, passed a law in June that allows public officials to forgo performing marriage rites on the grounds of religious objections. Since then, 32 magistrates — out of the total 672 — have done so. In McDowell County, all four magistrate judges have recused themselves from granting marriage to all couples. This requires a magistrate from another county to perform the deed three days a week.
In Alabama, 67 counties have stopped issuing marriage licenses, though their defiance began before the Supreme Court ruling in June and before Davis landed in the national spotlight. Under the state's law, probate judges may issue marriage licenses, but have no obligation to do so.
Nick Williams, a Washington County probate judge, told The Wall Street Journal they stopped issuing licenses immediately after the US Supreme Court ruling in June that legalized same-sex marriage. They say it was “ill-advised” and “invalid,” because marriage should be based on a state-by-state standard.
“By not issuing licenses to anyone, I'm not discriminating against anyone,” Judge Williams says.
Indeed, some gay marriage advocates agree – if no one is getting a license, then there's no practical prejudice.
A spokesperson for Freedom to Marry, which supports legalizing gay marriage, told the Guardian “we don't see this as discrimination.” But Susan Watson, the executive director of Alabama's ACLU, said their organization is looking for ways to encourage the abstaining judges to resume their duties.
In Utah, a religious objection law allows county clerks to opt out of performing the ceremony of marriage while still requiring them to issue the licenses.
“While I issue every marriage license as a legal obligation without personal judgment, my conscience does not allow me to voluntarily officiate a same-sex marriage,” Ricky Hatch, the clerk of Utah's Weber county, told the Guardian. “My decision does not prevent the marriage from taking place, but I am also not personally promoting the practice. I should also mention that the decision to not perform marriage ceremonies in our office applies equally to all couples.”
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
Still, experts are weighing in on whether the religious objection laws are constitutional. Some believe that giving certain individuals special exemption allows their personal religious beliefs to seep into state policy. Some have even stronger conviction against the laws. HBO talk show host Bill Maher compares the prioritization of religion over the authority of the law to sharia law.
“They all got out there and said, ‘God's law supersedes the courts,' which actually is a very strong legal argument – in Saudi Arabia, but not here in America,” Maher said.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Amla Ruia is trying to help people suffering water shortages in India
It is easy to underestimate Amla Ruia.
But at 71, this mild-mannered Mumbai matriarch is one of the most prolific dam builders in the world, and at the forefront of India's fight against drought.
Each year more than 300 million people in India have to battle severe water shortages.
In recent years when the monsoon rains have been disappointing the government has been forced to deliver water to farms and villages by trains and tankers.
People have died from dehydration because of the distance they had to travel in order to get to the nearest well.
Image caption The check dams re-fill the water table which returns fresh water to nearby wells and aquifers
India's biggest state, Rajasthan, is also one of the driest, and it's here that Amla Ruia and their Aakar Charitable Trust have been working.
Over the past 10 years they have built more than 200 "check dams", transforming the lives and livelihoods of more than 115 villages, and affecting another 193.
An ancient system
The trust works with local communities to find parts of the landscape that can capture water, like a reservoir.
Instead of building human-made reservoirs from scratch, they use the natural contours of the hilly landscape, building slopes, and shoring up spaces, to catch and keep water in these semi-natural basins or check dams.
When the monsoon comes, the check dams fill up and replenish the water table which has dangerously degraded over time. The aquifers and wells near the villages retain the water for the dry season.
They are cost effective, and unlike major dams and reservoirs, there is no mass displacement of people when they are built.
"This is not a new solution, this was practised by our ancestors," says Amla Ruia.
Image caption Check dams are built by shoring up the natural landscape to create reservoirs
"The structures we make have a concrete wall only in the middle, so when the water level increases it can easily overflow from this side," says Aakar Charitable Trust engineer Drigpal Singha.
"Other walls are made from earthen bunds, and the bed is just normal soil, so as you can see, it's all soil.
"When it gets filled up the water directly seeps into the soil and recharges the water table, and brings up the water level in all the nearby wells." they say.
Image caption Amla Ruia and the Aakar Charitable Trust pool resources with local communities to make check dams
Trust distrust
The trust provides 60% of the resources for each check dam, and they ask the local community to provide the remaining 40%.
The BBC's Innovators series reveals innovative solutions to major challenges across South Asia.
Learn more about BBC Innovators.
Because the check dams need to be maintained they say that this level of community investment makes the villages and farmers take ownership of the dams, and so when the trust moves on, the benefits remain.
"The villagers were not ready to believe in us. They thought we had some ulterior motive," Amla Ruia says about the days when they were first starting.
The trust claims the impact on lives has been dramatic.
Image caption Amla Ruia says young girls are now going to school instead of helping to collect water
Where they were taking deliveries of water from tanks to survive, farmers are now growing up to three crops and keeping cattle.
Amla Ruia says young girls are able to go to school instead of having to stay home because their mothers have to go long distances to find water.
Each year Aakar Charitable Trust, along with local communities are building an average of 30 dams, but Amla Ruia wants to triple this to 90 builds a year.
They also want to spread the word about check dams around the world.
But it's not a solution for everyone, as local water activist Prafull Kadam points out.
"These check dams will be very beneficial for locals here, and in future it will help the seasonal crops.
"But it has limitations also. This innovation can't be applicable for the whole of India because India has different geography," they say.
But that's not stopping Amla Ruia.
"I told my husband once that I will continue to look after my check dams till I am 90. They said 'what will you do for the next 30 years? You are going to continue to work until you are 120'."
Setting matters. With few exceptions, the most memorable contemporary games are set in interesting locations with their own sense of history. Would BioShock have worked if Rapture hadn't been so exquisitely crafted? The Elders Scroll games have each built rich and lore-filled worlds that flesh out the day-to-day lives of its inhabitants. And even if we wouldn't want to live there, Grand Theft Auto V's Los Santos presents a vision of a west-coast city/nightmare that's oftentimes uncomfortably close to reality. Arkane Studios' upcoming sci-fi game Prey features a meticulously designed and researched space station, Talos I, which provides a plausible backdrop for a bizarre new threat.
Prey is set in an alternate history, in which the Russian and United States governments put their differences aside following an encounter with an alien foe. You can watch this video to get a better sense of where our timelines split (big change: the aliens). The station evolved over several decades, depending on its purpose at the time. Initially, it was merely a prison to contain these new aliens, the Typhon. From there, the U.S. government took over fully, building a research station around the core. Nothing came of those early efforts, aside from another deadly incident between scientists and the Typhon. At that point, the government decided to cut its losses, and shuttered the project.
Years later, a corporation called TranStar was founded. It took over the station, which was idly orbiting the moon. Thanks to advances in neuroscience, the company was able to finally harness the Typhon, taking advantage of the aliens' unique body and brain composition. (For a more in-depth look at these creatures, take a look at our feature). Eventually, TranStar developed a product called Neuromods, which restructure a person's brain to enable them to do things that they couldn't before – such as learning to play a musical instrument or speak a foreign language, or even have greater strength or endurance.
These Neuromods are a big business back on Earth, and the corporation has reaped in the rewards. Our adventure in Prey is centered around Talos I, but thanks to the work of Arkane's art and design teams, players can pick up a variety of clues about TranStar's place in the greater world, as well as what life was like on the station before yet another catastrophe struck.
You invariably have to suspend some amount of disbelief when you're playing a game with aliens in it. Still, Prey's designers felt that it was important for players to feel as though they were exploring a place that felt real and adhered to its own internal logic. That meant that Arkane put a lot of effort into designing Talos I with an eye toward believability and functionality – even as players battled aliens that could shapeshift into garbage cans.
“[We] spend a lot of time thinking about, ‘Hey guys it doesn't make any sense that someone has to walk this far to do this,'” says lead designer Ricardo Bare. "'There would be an elevator here or a staircase here. It sounds dumb, but this place doesn't have a bathroom. Where do these people pee? They have to hold it for 12 hours and then ride an elevator back down to the bottom of the space station?'" Bare says that Arkane did its homework in making sure that the place felt like a fully staffed location, and that the people didn't just teleport away once their shift was over. “We know where everybody's sleeping quarters are, where they eat, where they work.”
Players can see some of that attention to detail themselves, by interacting with security terminals throughout the station. Employees wear tracking devices during their deployment on Talos I, and some of those are still active. If you follow these electronic pings, you might be able to find a survivor or the remains of an unfortunate victim – as well as information that could lead to valuable items.
There are other clues to pick up on as well. Bare says that players can explore the offices of TranStar's sales and marketing teams, and optionally learn more about how the Neuromods are brought back to Earth. Knowing the security protocols for transporting these valuable items isn't a huge detail, but Arkane says it's important that they know how all of it works. (Incidentally, shuttles come every week, and the Neuromods are put in attache cases that are handcuffed to an envoy.)
Having that kind of fictional shuttle schedule lets the team work out other things, too. The Talos I staff grows some of its own food and recycles as much oxygen and water is possible (in treatment areas you can explore), but it's not a completely closed loop. Other shuttles arrive with supplemental food and additional resources to keep the staff content. TranStar employees are on rotations between 18-24 months, so the company works to ensure that the accommodations are as luxurious as possible. That means creating relaxing spaces such as a plant-filled arboretum, or outfitting the living areas with high-end materials. Those lifelines have been severed by the time you enter the picture, but you can discover records and communications that further outline how things ran before.
TranStar depended on keeping its employees safe, and also keeping the Typhon alive. Without the aliens, after all, it would be out of business. That delicate balance – and a general tendency toward a more grounded reality – affects the weapons that players will be able to use during the game.
“You're not going to find a dead soldier and find a bazooka,” Bare says. “Instead, there are security officers that have handguns or maybe tasers, and in case of emergencies maybe there's a security closet with a shotgun. All of those are made by the fabricators on the space station, so they're not the best constructed things.” These weapons have a disposable quality to them, which is a nice in-universe way to have them break down for gameplay-balance purposes.
The security teams took a nonlethal approach whenever possible, leading to the use of things such as riot foam and tasers. The foam in particular has other interesting uses, such as sealing up leaking pipes or as a quick handhold for reaching a higher point. You can see how that works in action during this gameplay demo, and also get a look at Talos I in general. The station itself is approximately the size of The Empire State Building, so this is only a small section of it.
Be sure to come back throughout the month for more information on Prey. We have more features and video interviews, including information on the specific influences that Arkane's art team drew upon when designing Talos I.
"Don't Fail Me: Education in America " examines the crisis in our public education system and why America's financial future is at risk if our students can't excel math and science. It airs at 8 p.m. ET May 21 on CNN.
Washington (CNN) -- The perceptions Americans have of how a college degree will affect their average paycheck over a lifetime appear to be close to correct.
A recent study called "Is College Worth It?" by the Pew Research Center found that those who have a college degree believed that they make about $20,000 more per year than those who didn't attain a college degree. And vice versa, those who didn't get a college degree felt that they earned about $20,000 less per year than those who did.
Census data from 2010 shows that the median gap in earnings between those with only a high school diploma and those who have a college degree is $19,550.
"We find that for the typical person there's about a $550,000 advantage to going to college in lifetime earnings," said Paul Taylor, one of the study's authors.
The study points out that the student's field of study, among other factors, can also influence income. For example, a college graduate can choose a career that doesn't come with a high salary and some people with just a high school diploma can earn a lot of money.
President Barack Obama clearly believes that a college degree is worth it for most Americans. They have set a goal of having the largest number of college graduates in the United States as compared to other countries by the year 2020.
The survey found that a majority of college presidents don't think it likely that we will make that goal. Just under a third of the college presidents thought it "somewhat likely" that the United States will meet the goal and only 3% thought it was "very likely."
"People are clearly struggling with the high costs of college," Taylor said.
Three-quarters of those surveyed said college is no longer affordable for most Americans, according to the study. Yet, for those who are college graduates, 86% said college was a good investment for them personally.
Maria's big dream? Stanford University
Although the study found that most adults believe a college education is needed to succeed in the world, they listed a good work ethic and knowing how to get along with people as more important to success.
"You have a public that understands that college is important," Taylor said. "But at the end of the day, if you push them and ask is it college or character, people place more importance on character than a college diploma."
As compared to those who only graduated from high school, college graduates did tend to be more satisfied with their work life and they found their work to be more interesting.
For those who did not receive a college degree, 30% said they had wanted to apply for a job, but had not because the job required a college degree. Thirteen percent had been turned down for a job because they did not have a college degree.
I'll be writing updates and posts more professionally from now on, won't do the joking/sarcasm thing anymore.
Spent the past week organizing all backer info, emails and etc. Finally have everyone sorted into groups which I can email you your digital rewards. Those who didn't respond to the survey I'll be messaging with the email used to back. Don't know when yet, going to take some time.
Updated the goat this past week to it's final model as well:
Should it have white fur or no?
Still need to update the duck, fox, chicken and a few other ones. Most of the models are fine though.
Looking into getting the game incorporated with Steam's modding system so people can mod it if they want, don't know how it will work out yet. Seems to be a popular request though.
Redid the Health Menu:
Is that one better? I liked the current minimalist one but not many like it. This one has a nature wooden theme but it blocks out a portion of the screen.
Updated the last two regions on the game's site:
http://bearsimulator.com/SpookyWoods
http://bearsimulator.com/KickstarterIsland
Plus I updated almost everything on the site, centering things, adding shadows and different images while fixing spelling errors, let me know what you think.
Deleted some of the stupider pages of the Bear Book thing so it's only 20 pages now, will try to put it along side the game via Steam. Probably be $5 for people who wanted it but didn't back. Printing them magazine style for the people who are getting a physical copy.
Want the game to be $15 since that's the average for indie games but it's not certain yet. The campsite/crystal caves/evil chicken update will be free for everyone.
Just going to send the ambient soundtrack to backers who pledged for it and won't do anything else with it.
I played through the game 4 more times and didn't find any bugs during the last 2 runs. The only problem is people might find a way to get stuck in the map or go to an area you aren't supposed to go. Added plenty of invisible colliders to combat this but don't know if it's enough.
There's also an audio problem that mainly effects the OSX/Mac version. Have no idea why but clips just cut out or don't play at all. Kind of disappointing because I spent a lot of time with it and sound plays a big part in the game.
Had to remove all of the fancy custom particle effects, they were causing too many problems. Replaced them with adequate substitutes but they aren't nearly as nice. Also kind of disappointing.
For the digital backer rewards - the key, squirrel, skin, and sunglasses, I'll send you a secret code with instructions on how to enter it. Tried to make this a simple, explainable process and not use generated keys which was bound to create problems.
Lowered the bob on the camera when running. Got lots of complaints it was too much and could make people motion sick/give headaches.
Still don't know why the trailer's gameplay is so fuzzy, never had that problem before. It's probably the new way of recording I was using which didn't work out, have the settings wrong or something. Will go back to my old method of recording footage when making a launch trailer.
For the early preview version I'm still trying to figure out the best way to send it out, there are several different ideas I have. Going to try and do it through Steam.
Also is this a good icon for the game?
Been making posts on my blog about features and backer submissions.
Just ordered all the physical rewards, including extras and ones for people who didn't fill out the survey yet. Couldn't get all the different T-Shirt sizes though but it's pretty close. Should be getting everything in a week in a half then I'll be organizing everything into packages and shipping them out at different intervals. Will post pictures of putting things together since that might be interesting to see.
Sorry for the wait on everything, tackling one thing at a time and some things aren't going as I expected them to.
Also the rabbit is fine, was just trying to be funny previously:
Hello friends!
Today I have a somewhat complicated but utterly delicious recipe for you and I promise it's worth the effort. We will be making kabuli pulao! Yum! Kabuli pulao is a lamb and rice dish that is made in the Northwest of Pakistan and in Afghanistan. It is cooked by using traditional techniques and flavorful spices. Unlike it's cousin, biryani, Kabuli pulao is not spicy and has a less competing flavor going on while being equally yummy. Growing up, we had Kabuli pulao on the regular. It is the perfect mellow food for kids to eat. This and some cold yogurt takes me back to my childhood.
Kabuli Pulao is not a one-step one and done dish, but requires a few steps – which is why I called it a dance! So clever. I am going to separate the dish into four areas: topping, meat, rice, and broth. When all four of those elements are made correctly and flavorful your end result can't be anything but delicious.
The beauty of Kabuli Pulao comes with perfectly cooked rice grains that shine like little pearls and with meat so succulent that it melts in your mouth. With the steps that I am going to show you, this can be achieved.
Let's get started.
Toppings
The toppings are my favorite part of Kabuli pulao which is why I am going to show you how to make them first. It's great writing the recipes for this stuff!
First, we'll need 1/3 of a cup of slivered almonds. You'll want to put these into a dry pan and over medium heat, slowly toast them till they get a slight nutty brown color.
You'll want to do the same with some pistachios as well. Reserve both of these in a bowl on the side.
Next, you'll want to make the carrot and raisin topping.
Heat up a small frying pan with 2 teaspoons of vegetable oil.
Add in 1 cup of shredded carrots and cook on medium heat for 3-4 minutes. I would look for shredded carrots that are slightly thick – don't get the grated carrots. I was intending to buy whole carrots and cut them into matchstick size shapes myself but I thankfully found them in the grocery store.
Add two teaspoons of sugar to the carrots so they slightly caramelize as they cook.
Add 1/3 cup of raisins, I'm using a great jumbo raisin variety from Trader Joe's. They are awesome. Buy them if you can! Cook the raisins with the carrots.
As the raisins slightly plump up, crush 10 cardamom pods. You'll use the cardamom throughout the dish.
As you crush the cardamom, take out the green husks so you're only left with the cardamom caviar. I don't know if its called cardamom caviar but thats what it looks like. Also you don't have to be so accurate with the husks, if you leave a few bits its ok.
After the 3-4 minutes are up, reserve the carrot and raisin mixture to the side and sprinkle 1/4 teaspoon bruised cardamom to it.
And that's it for the toppings!
Meat
For the meat, I chose to use a 3 lb. boneless leg of lamb. It is very readily available and has a good amount of fat distributed throughout the meat so I knew that it would be tender if I cooked it well. The only problem was that I had to cut the lamb myself. Buh.
So since my hands were dirty as I was working, I couldn't take pictures. But you'll want to take the netting off the lamb. If you are making a whole roasted leg of lamb you can keep the netting on btw. You'll want to trim away as much of the fat as possible from the meat. I use a long sharp, serrated, bendable knife for this. I know those are a lot of characteristics for a knife, but its the best way I've found to slice away the fat quickly. You'll want to portion the lamb into very large chunks. The lamb pieces will shrink as you cook them a little bit too so when you start off with 3 inch chunks, you'll be left with good size pieces in the resulting pulao.
We will be pressure cooking the lamb – I am using my trusty Cuisinart Electric Pressure Cooker – and to start that process we will want to put in as much flavor as we can into the lamb and the resulting broth that will be used for the pulao.
Oh, did I mention that you will need a lot of pots for this dish? Sigh. Well, mostly because my pressure cooker is small and dark and I can't see what's going on in there.
In a sepearate pan, heat up 1/3 cup of vegetable oil and sautee about 3 cups of sliced onions over medium high heat, I used one and a half large white onions.
We are caramelizing the onions by doing this. This will help build the best flavor and color that we can for our broth! It takes about 15 minutes but it is worth it in the end.
I put my pressure cooker on the browning setting and when my onions were at the stage they are above I put the onions and the oil with it in the pressure cooker and allowed them to continue to caramelize as I got along with the meat.
For the meat, I added 1 teaspoon of salt directly to the meat on the cutting board. I'm using a plastic cutting board. Did you notice? I want to be able to bleach and clean the heck out of this.
I added 1/4 cup of vegetable oil to the same pan that I was frying the onions in and in batches I browned the meat. If you notice, I did not crowd the pan. I added the meat in a single layer with none of the meat overlapping each other. This is verryyyy important. You don't want steamed grey meat for your pulao. Well I don't, and this is how you can ensure that that doesn't happen.
After four minutes or so of browning – don't move the meat once it's in the pot! – take some tongs and flip it over and let it brown on the other side. That beautiful crust is flavor.
After the other side has finished browning, move this batch of meat into the pressure cooker to continue to brown with the onions and work on the rest of the lamb, batch by batch, until all the meat is perfectly crusty and brown.
To the pressure cooker, add in some whole spices. I added in seven cloves, two large black cardamom pods, seven green cardamom pods, a two-inch piece of cinnamon, and one and a half teaspoons of toasted cumin seeds. I toast the seeds by putting some in a dry pan and roasting them over medium heat until they become fragrant, about 3 minutes.
I put all the spices in a mortar and pestle – did you notice I have one that I use only for green cardamom and one I use for other spices, garlic, and ginger? – and slightly bruise and grind them and then add this to the pressure cooker with the meat.
Also add in 3 smashed garlic cloves.
Add in 1/2 teaspoon of salt and five to six cups of water. You'll want to just cover the meat in your pressure cooker. Put the pressure cooker on high and cook for 30 minutes.
After 30 minutes, you'll want to turn the pressure cooker off and either let it naturally release the steam or do what I did and release it manually. Don't get in front of that steam though!
Check your meat so that it is perfectly cooked, tender and flavorful. This is where you can correct the meat for the final dish if you need to.
With some tongs, remove the meat and set it aside on a plate.
Reserve the broth for later.
Rice
So far we have carrots and meat. That's not Kabuli pulao. Let's add rice to the mix. For Kabuli pulao, you want a grain of rice that has the least amount of starch in it as you can, and for that we use a basmati rice – as opposed to a sushi rice that's super sticky. We are not only using basmati rice, we are going to use sela rice.
Sela rice is a parboiled rice that results in an extra long grain. It is sometimes difficult to find, but you can call your local Indian or Pakistani grocer and see if they sell it. I prefer using this for pulaos because the rice stays perfectly separated and long. Sela rice needs to be soaked for quite a while before cooking. I cleaned and soaked four cups of rice in 6 cups of water (or enough to cover the rice in the bowl by one inch) for four hours.
After four hours.
Crazy different, huh? This is why it's necessary to soak rice.
In a large pot, bring water to a boil. We will be cooking the rice like you cook pasta. Boiling and straining.
Add in 3 tablespoons of kosher salt to the water. Just like with pasta, you want to flavor the rice as your cooking it.
Add in the drained rice and cook until the rice is 75% done. I don't know how long this is exactly, but you will honestly have to keep taking out rice kernels and bite down on it to see how hard it is. That's what I have to do too since it varies on so many things. It roughly takes 7-10 minutes though.
After the rice is 75% cooked, strain the rice.
Broth
The broth is what will bring the Kabuli pulao together. We're almost at the finish line guys, can you feel it??
Take two cups of the broth made from the lamb and keep it aside.
In a dry saucepan set over medium heat, slowly caramelize 3 teaspoons of sugar. You don't want to use a spoon or anything to stir, just swirl the pan as it heats up.
After it reaches a slightly caramelized color, add in the stock and cook this adding in 1 teaspoon of the ground cardamom – remember those beauties? – and two teaspoons of garam masala powder.
Stir this, check for salt and now we're ready to assemble!
Assembly
Place the 75% cooked rice in large pot that has a tight fitting lid.
Strain the broth over the rice.
Add another sprinkle (1/4 teaspoon) of garam masala and cardamom on top of the rice.
Mix the broth with the rice so that each grain is covered.
In a single layer, place the reserved meat over the rice.
Then add on the reserved carrots and raisins.
Heat up one teaspoon of vegetable oil in a pan until it is smoking hot.
Sprinkle the oil over the rice and use the back of a wooden spoon and create holes to allow the rice to steam.
Cover your pot with a clean kitchen towel.
Cook this on medium high for 5 minutes, medium for 5 minutes, low for 5 minutes, then turn it off and let it sit for 5 minutes. You just want to gradually build up steam then allow it to permeate into all the layers of the pulao.
Your patience will be rewarded with this.
Told you it was worth it.
Take the carrot and raisin mixture out and set it on a plate.
Do the same with the meat.
On a large platter, sprinkle 75% of the rice, then place the meat on, then cover with the remaining 25% of the rice and top with the carrots, raisins, and the reserved almonds and pistachios.
It was so good!
I hope you guys try this out! It takes some time but its definitely an impressive dish!
Xo,
Rehana
Phil Schneider was claiming as one of the chosen few tasks to help build secret U.S. government's underground bases in Dulce, N.M. in 1979. Schneider, who claimed they were an expert in explosives, made an even louder explosion when they told an amazing story in 1995 about their encounter with extraterrestrials living underground.
Schneider said that their alien encounter was fatal and they were one of three survivors after engaging war with aliens in August 1979, but they were the only person who talked in detail about this encounter with a high level security clearance. Schneider said that the government has knowledge about alien beings.
Schneider was very vocal about government secret on aliens, which takes away the right of every citizen to know the truth. They were giving many talks on their experiences for two years before they died in 1997. Schneider claimed that their life was threatened many times after they started talking about what they knew. Their death has been ruled a suicide but their supporters suspect they were murdered to prevent them from further talking about government secrets involving extraterrestrials.
Schneider Account On Alien Base and Battle
Schneider started to become suspicious about the underground base when they noticed so many Special Forces Green Berets around the area. As the team members started the construction, they drilled four large holes. Schneider thought the drilling was a standard procedure but they noticed a black sooty air came up as they drilled holes. They went underground to check the area and suddenly found a 7-foot-tall grey alien just feet away.
The alien made a circular motion of its hand in front of Schneider's chest and next thing they knew, a blue beam hit them and literally opened up them up like a fish. During their lecture at the Preparedness Expo in 1995, they showed their hand, fingers and chest that were burnt by the beam. They also revealed that their shoes and toenails were also burnt.
Schneider revealed that they saw other aliens with the same physical feature as the one that burned their chest and other parts of their body. They shot two of them, was saved by a Green Beret but also died in the process of saving him. The Green Beret got Schneider into a lift and pushed the button up above the ground.
Schneider revealed that more than 60 people died that day and the other two survivors are living in nursing homes in Canada and heavily guarded by the Canadian government. They further disclosed that there's a war down under and it continues since that time.  They are referring to 1,477 underground bases all over the world in which 129 of them were built in the U.S. with estimated cost of $17 billion or more each. They said that the Black Budget has been secretly financed by 25% percent of the gross national product. This spending was hidden to some government agencies in the U.S. and to the public.
theforgingofzorro-movie.com theforgingofzorro-movie.net theforgingofzorro.com theforgingofzorro.net theforgingofzorromovie.com thelegendbegins-movie.com thelegendbegins-movie.net thelegendbeginsmovie.com zorrobegins-movie.com zorrobegins-movie.net zorrobegins.net zorrobeginsmovie.com zorrothelegendbegins-movie.com zorrothelegendbegins-movie.net zorrothelegendbegins.com zorrothelegendbegins.net zorrothelegendbeginsmovie.com zthelegendbegins-movie.com zthelegendbegins-movie.net zthelegendbegins.com zthelegendbegins.net zthelegendbeginsmovie.com
Hot on the heels of Sony registering multiple variations of 'James Bond Movie' and 'Skyfall' which pretty much confirms the title of the 23rd James Bond as 'Skyfall', they are at it again with their Mask of Zorro franchise. On October 10th (Monday) Sony registered a bunch of URL's relating to the terms '' and ''. Presumably these are the two last contenders for the title of The Mask of Zorro reboot that Deadline said last week Sony were getting serious about pushing through with the hiring of tv scribes and current Charlie's Angels producersandto write the screenplay. As was reported last week, the new Zorro movie will be an origin flick based on the 2005 Isabel Allende novel "Zorro" (about how a young kid from California moves to Spain and becomes Zorro with real historical events as a backdrop) and we don't think it will have any relation to the two Antonio Banderas movies The Mask of Zorro or The Legend of Zorro, so clearly both titles make sense. Though we suppose the new film could link in with the 1998 movie if the origin is for Anthony Hopkins' version of the masked hero. Out of the two titles it would seem The Forging of Zorro is favourite as the name of the reboot as I've been made aware that Zorro: The Legend Begins was actually the title of a tv pilot film from 1990 and Sony may have just registered it anyway, despite it not being in contention. Here's the full list of the 21 URL registrations;Personally I like 'The Forging of Zorro' better as it's a little different to the many 'Begins' we've had since Chris Nolan did it to Batman six years ago. Though they could always go with The Forging of Zorro: The Legend Begins. What do you think of the proposed title and the new reboot in general? It's a hell of a lot better than the proposed ' Zorro Reborn ' in April that take the masked avenger to an apocalyptic future that 20th Century Fox were trying to put through in April.
State capitals across the country are proving they are not immune to the malady that has afflicted the policy process in Washington.
The latest case in point: Pennsylvania.
In a quietly released statement issued late on a Friday afternoon, the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission, an agency of the state government, announced a proposal to effectively redefine the word “sex” in the state's discrimination law to also include “sexual orientation” and “gender identity,” or “SOGI” for short.
This proposal wouldn't change the law—only the commission's “guidance” on the matter. But this new “guidance” would mean the law would be enforced as if it had changed.
This guidance comes on the heels of repeated failures to accomplish the same outcome through the legitimate way of changing laws—through the legislative process and with the consent of the governed.
It is a move that mimics the Obama administration's executive and bureaucratic overreaches when Congress rejected LGBT demands for changes in federal law. It also represents a serious usurpation of legislative authority and an end run around our political system.
First, a little background and some history.
For more than a decade, LGBT activists have sought to add sexual orientation and gender identity language to Pennsylvania's anti-discrimination statute. This has become one of the most hardly fought social policy efforts of the left.
Pennsylvania is certainly not unique in receiving such challenges from the social left.
It is notable, however, that Pennsylvania citizens have repeatedly been successful in stopping these proposals in the Legislature when most of the states in the northeast have not.
There are several reasons for this:
History
This diverse context has created higher sensitivity to laws that would police and sanction beliefs. Simply put, Pennsylvanians value tolerance.
Pennsylvania has a long history of tolerance, religious freedom, and protecting the rights of conscience. That heritage has drawn to the state a citizenry that represents a broad array of religious backgrounds and accepts those who are different.
Intolerance in Other States
As has been witnessed in other states, sexual orientation and gender identity laws and regulations have worked against universal tolerance. They have empowered government prosecutors and bureaucrats to force actions and speech that can cause a citizen to violate their conscience and religious convictions.
Just ask Barronelle Stuztman or Melissa Klein. Such coercive and punitive action by government undermines tolerance and only spurs division.
An Affront to Women's Rights
Examples of this can be found across the country, whether it's a biologically male adult changing clothes in front of girls in a swim club locker room in Seattle, or teens and children facing similar circumstances in their schools, or female school athletes seeing their opportunities for success evaporate as physical males are being allowed to compete against them.
Sexual orientation and gender identity laws have been used to suggest that restricting bathroom use by biological sex is discriminatory. This has forced policy changes that threaten bathroom personal privacy and, in some cases, safety. The result is often an affront to the rights of women.
These and other concerns, brought to the attention of Pennsylvania lawmakers by their constituents, have thus far succeeded in preventing a statewide adoption of sexual orientation and gender identity legislation.
This despite significant spending by national special interests and the hiring of some of the most powerful lobbyists in Harrisburg to pressure the House and Senate to cave.
That brings us to Pennsylvania's Democratic governor, Tom Wolf.
Wolf, named America's most liberal governor, instigated a shakeup in the Human Relations Commission by demoting the chairperson and installing a new chairperson to further their agenda.
Now, in the face of a legislative stalemate, the Pennsylvania Human Rights Commission is making an end run around the Legislature to impose a freedom-robbing policy through a bureaucratic agency that was founded to guard our civil liberties.
The Pennsylvania Human Rights Commission's website, www.phrc.pa.gov, is inviting public comment on the proposed guidance via email to [email protected] through Friday, May 26.
“This change in guidance by the [Pennsylvania Human Rights Commission] effectively means a change in law, a change that would be devastating to personal privacy and religious liberty,” said Randall Wenger, chief counsel of the Independence Law Center.
“That's why it's important that lovers of liberty make their voice heard to the Pennsylvania Human Relations Commission during their public comment period.”
Lovers of the legitimate, constitutional lawmaking process may wish to chime in as well.
Activists plan shutdown of U.S. 36 at Monday evening's rush hour
An estimated 500 protesters — including one on a unicycle — took to the streets of Boulder for the second consecutive Saturday, protesting what they describe as structural racism evident in the Ferguson, Mo., grand jury decision not to indict former police officer Darren Wilson for the shooting death of 18-year-old Michael Brown in August.
Protesters also announced they plan to assemble at 5:30 p.m. Monday at 28th Street and Colorado Avenue and march south, to close down U.S. 36 in the middle of rush hour.
Activist Ruby Treyball, 21, a student at Naropa University, said participating in a recent demonstration in Denver where some were pepper-sprayed by police "lit a fire" for them
"I've talked to so many people these last few weeks whose attitudes have changed 180 degrees," they said.
"Today, the amount of black lives incarcerated or shot at is equivalent to the lynchings that used to happen. It's true, and it's here, and it's genocide. And we claim to be the land of the free?"
Activists walked through the Pearl Street Mall, through the bustling crowds of Christmas shoppers, then back to Canyon Boulevard, chanting "I can't breathe," in solidarity with Eric Garner, who was choked to death by a New York City police officer.
Then the crowd headed down Canyon Boulevard, temporarily stopping traffic, before turning north on Broadway, retracing their steps.
"Hands up, don't shoot," they chanted.
Protesters performed a 4 ½ minute "die-in" in front of the Boulder County Courthouse, where Boulder police officers were seen handing out their business cards. The crowd then headed east on Pearl Street with plans to stage "die-ins" at major intersections.
A second die-in, lasting 11 minutes to symbolize the 11 times Garner said "I can't breathe," while being choked, was executed at the intersection of Folsom and Pearl streets. The crowd also chanted "I can't breathe," during that die-in.
An unidentified woman appears to be holding back tears while listening to speakers at the protest which occurred Saturday in Boulder. ( Cliff Grassmick )
"No justice, no peace, no racist police," the crowd chanted on its way to the Twenty Ninth Street Mall.
The crowd staged another 11 minute die-in at the mall's Apple Store.
"This is a small piece of what's going on all over the country, and, honestly, all over the world," said protester Jose Whelan, 32.
"People are now waking up, to some degree, and seeing things maybe they haven't seen before around power, around the structures of our government, of our economy.
"That's why people are here, and it's why they came to the Apple Store."
Whelan asserted a connection between police use of power, and the consumer culture of America in 2014.
"It's all connected," they said. "The same world that allows people to come here and shop for luxury goods is the world that kills and incarcerates black and brown people at a rate incredibly disproportionate to their representation in the population," Whelan said.
The protesters marched down 28th Street to Baseline Road, then to Broadway and along Broadway back to the starting point at the Boulder Municipal Building. They racked up 6 miles on foot.
Boulder police closely tracked each phase of Saturday's demonstration, as they did last weekend. Patrol officer Kevin Granberg's squad car was one of about 15 shadowing the procession.
"We're just helping them exercise their free speech, and making sure everybody stays safe," Granberg said. "That's our job, and it's important to them, so it's important to us."
Granberg also spoke to the national discussion that is evolving around the issue of police brutality.
"It's a big concern in the whole nation," Granberg said. "It's going to be interesting to see what comes out of it."
No arrests were made during the significantly smaller protest a week ago, and that was the case again, Saturday.
"This does not end today. This is a lifestyle choice," said Joe Harris, 31, a leader of Boulder 's Ferguson movement.
Alex Burness: 303-473-1389, burnessa@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/alex_burness
Related Articles
Launch details
Advertisement
Related Articles
A truly historic NASA mission is set to take place in 2018 with the new Parker Solar Probe and could unlock a huge amount of information about the Sun, our home star that keeps our planet warm and habitable.Parker Solar ProbeThe Sun is 4.6 Billion years old, has a diameter of 1.4 million kilometers (870,000 miles), displays a scorching surface temperature of 5500 °C, could engulf our Earth a million times over and also accounts for more than 99% of the mass of our solar system!Although we have some knowledge of our home star, there is still a lot we don't understand and this mission aims to change that. The main goal of Parker is to trace how energy moves through the solar corona (A corona, Latin, 'crown', is an aura of plasma that surrounds the Sun and other stars) and to investigate what accelerates solar wind & solar energetic particles.Flying into the outermost part of the Sun's atmosphere around 3.9 Million miles from its surface, seven times closer than any craft before it, Parker will have to withstand temperatures of up to 2500 °F. NASA have designed a carbon composite shield, 4.5 inches thick, in order to protect the craft and its onboard instruments.At it's closest approach the probe will reach top speeds of approximately 430,000 mph (700,000 kph), that's fast enough to travel from Philadelphia to Washington, D.C. in ONE SECOND.NASA hopes to gain valuable knowledge about how stars work in order to better understand space weather as this can disrupt technology on Earth, satellites orbiting our home planet and even destroy them all together.Launch Window: July 31 – Aug. 19, 2018Launch Site: NASA's Kennedy Space Center, FloridaLaunch Vehicle: Delta IV-Heavy with Upper Stage
Does anyone other than me find it ironic that Australia has gone ballistic (as they should) over one of their upstanding citizens being shot to death in Minneapolis by a Somali police officer (former refugee), yet the Australian government wants to send us even more Somali ‘refugees' that they have themselves rejected?
As I have been trying to hammer-home to readers, don't get bogged down in the legal minutia regarding the 120-day moratorium and the back and forth between the rogue Hawaiian judge (on behalf of refugee contractors and their ilk) and the Supreme Court (that has gone way beyond its constitutional authority on refugees).
What is important is what President Donald Trump DETERMINES in September is the right number and the right ethnic groups to ‘welcome' to the US in fiscal year 2018 (begins October 1, 2017).
By law, in September, the President sends their ‘determination' for FY18 to The Hill for CONSULTATION.
If this year is like the previous 35 years, Congress will rubber stamp what the President sends (except LOL! they won't rubber stamp zero!).
See below that the Australian government is now counting on a return to normal for the UN/US Refugee Admissions Program(USRAP) for October. They fully expect Trump to continue with the “dumb deal” Obama made in the waning weeks of their presidency and put these Australian rejects in their determination letter and report to Congress.
We expect the President to stick with their campaign promises and get this monster under control. This Executive Order mess isn't what we had in mind when we voted for Donald Trump, and they can't possibly think this short (chaotic) hiatus will solve any longstanding problems with the USRAP.
From AP at ABC News:
Australia disappointed by delay in US refugee resettlement
I have to laugh! In the first paragraph we are reminded by AP that these are Australia's rejects!
AP at ABC News (emphasis is mine):
Australia was disappointed that hundreds of its rejected refugees would not begin resettling in the United States this month under a deal that predates President Donald Trump's administration, an official said on Friday.
President Barack Obama's administration agreed to accept up to 1,250 refugees among hundreds of asylum seekers — mostly from Iran, Afghanistan and Sri Lanka*** — who have been languishing for up to four years in immigration camps on the impoverished Pacific island nations of Papua New Guinea and Nauru.
Immigration and Border Protection Minister Peter Dutton said Australia wanted the refugees to start moving in July, but the United States had already filled its 50,000 refugee quotas for the current fiscal year.
“We're disappointed that they haven't been able to move this month, which was my hope, but their new program year starts on Oct. 1, and we're working with both the State Department and the Department of Homeland Security to ensure that we can get people off as quickly as possible, ” Dutton told reporters.
[….]
Dutton said they were determined to close the men-only camp on Manus Island in Papua New Guinea by the end of October. [Men-only camp for up four years! And they will be free to roam in Your Town, USA!—ed]
Asylum seekers on Manus who were rejected by the United States would be transferred to Nauru, who will remain open indefinitely.
Rarely mentioned is the fact that 1,900 illegal aliens have been awarded a settlement which amounts to about $35,000 per head.
Australia last month reached a settlement of 90 million Australian dollars ($68 million) with more than 1,900 asylum seekers who sued over their treatment on Manus.
More here.
See my growing archive on the ‘Australia deal' by clicking here. If you haven't done it, or even if you have, write to the White House and tell the President what they should do with the US Refugee Admissions Program in FY18.
***See here where we were told that most of the wannabe US citizens housed in detention on Manus and Nauru are from Somali, Afghanistan and Sudan.
David Gray should be giving us a full review of this shortly. We thank them for being the honorary first person to purchase this.
Features:
Mullet wind protection
looping the bike protection (wear nut cup as back part will ride you like a thong)
Keeps rain off your helmet so it lasts longer
Puig and others brag about a double bubble...this is a quad bubble...look at the design
Birth control. Just install this and you'll see what we mean, or ask a girl to go out with you after you install this
Your backend will look like a mermaid
We at MotoMummy do not use this product personally because we are not cool enough so we cannot give a first-hand testimonial of the greatness of this product, but based on the design and features we feel we have the best description on the market. If you feel we left anything out please use our contact form and let us know and we'll add it right away. We want to list every feature possible for this great design.
We offer no discounts on this as it's already marked down 50% by us. This is the "you're too cool" discount, but there isn't a "you're too cool for the too cool discount" so please don't ask.
This story has been revised from an earlier version to clarify that the III Corps will be coordinating military activities against ISIS and will not necessarily be in direct combat.
Fort Hood troops will be deploying overseas to coordinate battle against the Islamic State in September.
The Department of the Army announced Wednesday that 450 soldiers from III Crops will deploy into the U.S. Central Command area for one year.
III Corps will serve as the headquarters of the Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve and will lead a regional campaign of coalition and international partners and synchronize military activities against the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant.
"III Corps has a proud history of answering the nation's call when it has come," said Lt. Gen. Sean MacFarland, commanding general, III Corps and Fort Hood. "We are trained and ready to perform our mission and we thank our Central Texas community partners for their unwavering support as we answer the call once again."
Recently it was also announced that another contingent from Fort Hood would be going to the Centcom area of operations.
It will be the second deployment for 1st Battalion, 62nd Air Defense Artillery Regiment since its reactivation in 2011.
The unit previously deployed to the CENTCOM area of operations to provide air and missile defense.
Buried beneath a large mound located in the village of Vergina in northern Greece, an archaeological excavation carried out in 1977 by Greek archaeologists Manolis Andronikos uncovered a spectacular tomb holding the remains of ancient Macedonian royalty.
The historically important tomb has been the subject of intense debate ever since, dividing archaeologists over whose cremated remains were housed inside two golden caskets – Philip II, father of Alexander the Great, and one of their wives; or Philip III Arrhidaeus, Alexander's half-brother, who assumed the throne after Alexander's death, with their wife Eurydice. Discovery News reports that finally, the most detailed and extensive study ever conducted on the remains have settled the decades-old argument, confirming the bones indeed belong to the Macedonian King Philip II.
The ‘Great Tumulus', as it came to be known, was found to contain three primary burial sites. Tomb I, which was looted, contained fragmentary human remains believed to belong to three individuals. Tomb II, around which the debate is centred, contained relatively complete cremated remains of a male, which had been placed within a golden chest/larnax bearing an embossed starburst, the emblem of the Macedonian royal family, and the remains of a female in the antechamber, wrapped in a golden-purple cloth with a golden diadem. Also within the burial were a gilded silver diadem, an iron helmet, an elaborate ceremonial shield, an iron and gold cuirass, and two small ivory portrait heads believed to represent Philip II and Alexander. Tomb III contained a number of silver vessels and a silver funerary urn with the bones of a young male, believed to be Alexander IV of Macedon, son of Alexander the Great.
Golden larnax containing cremated remains and golden crown found in Tomb II in Vergina. Image source: Wikipedia
Numerous studies have been published concerning the relatively intact human remains found in the 24-carat gold casket in Tomb II. A study published in the journal Science in 2000, for example, concluded that the remains could not be Philip II as they did not bear traces of injuries that Philip supposedly suffered during their lifetime. Then, a study released in 2010, conversely state that the remains must be Philip II as a notch in the eye socket is consistent with a battle wound received by Philip II years before they died.
To settle the score once and for all, an extensive anthropological investigation was launched to fully analyse more than 350 bones and fragments found in the two golden caskets. The research team, led by anthropologist Theodore Antikas, utilized X-ray computed tomography, scanning electron microscopy, and X-ray fluorescence, to uncover any pathologies, activity markers, or trauma that could lead to the identification of the remains.
Male bones and cloth fragments found in the larnax from the main chamber. Credit: Theodore Antikas / Discovery News
The results revealed features in the bones not previously seen or recorded. Antikas explained that the skull showed signs of sinusitis, which may have been caused by an old facial trauma, such as the arrow that is known to have hit and blinded Philip II at the siege of Methone in 354 BC. Furthermore, there are signs of chronic pathology on the surface of several ribs, which are believed to be linked to Philip's trauma when they were struck with a lance in around 345 BC. Finally, the bones reflect a fully-fleshed cremation, which disproves the theory that the remains belong to Philip III Arrhidaeus, who had been buried for some time before being exhumed and cremated.
The analysis also revealed that the remains of the female in the antechamber are consistent with a female warrior and horse-rider, aged 30 to 34. This rules out the wife of Philip III Arrhidaeus, who was under 25. Furthermore, a fracture in their left leg causing leg shortening explains the presence of a pair of Scythian greaves, in which the left side is shorter than the right. This indicates the Scythian weaponry and armour must have belonged to the female occupant of the tomb. Antikas told Discovery News that “No Macedonian King other than Philip II is known to have had relations with a Scythian.”
Uneven Scythian greaves and gorytus found in Tomb II, which are now known to have belonged to the female occupant. Credit: Theodore Antikas / Discovery News
Philip II was the18th king of Macedonia (359–336 BC). They restored internal peace to their country and gained domination over all Greece by military and diplomatic means, thus laying the foundations for its expansion under their son Alexander III the Great. Philip II is described as a powerful king with a complicated love life. They married between five and seven women, causing confusion over the line of succession. In 336 BC, Philip II was assassinated at a celebration of their daughter's wedding, perhaps at the behest of a former wife, Olympias. Alexander the Great succeeded their father as king.
Featured image: Facade of Philip II tomb Vergina Greece. Image source: Wikipedia
By April Holloway
OUTSIDE BOSTON -- Mark Schultz was "a little dumbstruck," but not surprised when they received a robo-call at their house Saturday around noon.
The call said "Hi, I'm one of your neighbors in Holliston and ... I want to urge you to vote for Elizabeth Warren and Barack Obama on Wednesday, November 7." The date, said the call, had been changed because of Hurricane Sandy.
Thankfully the Democratic Town Committee member and former FinCom member knew this information was incorrect, but they posted to Facebook to make sure others knew the same. The caller ID listed it as Massachusetts 000-0000.
The registered Democrat said they have heard of this happening around the country, but not in this area.
"It's a new low in campaigning," they said, adding, "I don't know who it was, but it was clearly a robo-call because I couldn't talk to a person. I'm guessing they did target me because I'm a registered Democrat."
Schultz said other campaigns have been trying "virtually anything to win."
"The trickery ... downright deception on a national level" is unbelievable.
Have you had a call like this one? Tell us in the comments.
SouthParkStudios.com
One of the men arrested for making threatening comments about the creators of “South Park” on a radical religious Web site pleaded guilty on Thursday to federal charges, The Associated Press reported.
The man, Jesse Curtis Morton, went by the name Younus Abdullah Mohammad when they and another man, Zachary A. Chesser, wrote on a Web site called Revolution Muslim that an episode of “South Park,” an animated series on Comedy Central, had insulted the Prophet Muhammad.
In the episode, the denizens of South Park are introduced to a character wearing a bear costume who they are told is the Muslim prophet. When the episode was first shown in April 2010, a message appeared on Revolution Muslim saying that the “South Park” creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone “will probably wind up like Theo Van Gogh for airing this show.” Mr. Van Gogh was killed by an Islamic radical in 2004 after making a film about the abuse of Muslim women. After the Web site message appeared, Comedy Central censored a follow-up “South Park” episode in which the character in the bear suit was instead revealed to be Santa Claus.
Mr. Morton was arrested in Morocco last October. They pleaded guilty at a hearing in federal court in Virginia to counts of conspiracy, communicating threats and using the Internet to intimidate, The A.P. said. Mr. Chesser, who also went by the name Abu Talhah Al-Amrikee, was arrested in July 2010 and was sentenced last year to 25 years in prison.
Berlin: Less than a week after French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo's office was firebombed for its controversial cartoons on Prophet Muhammad, an arson attack was carried out at a printing press in Germany's port town of Hamburg for reprinting the cartoons.
The attack was carried out at 2 pm (local time) on the printing press of a German newspaper, the Hamburger Morgenpost.
The newspaper Hamburger Morgenpost confirmed the arson attack in a tweet, saying, “It's true: Tonight there was an arson attack on the editorial team”.
Es ist wahr: Heute Nacht gab es einen Brandanschlag auf unsere Redaktion: http://t.co/fFRbA4Yd5u — Hamburger Morgenpost (@mopo) January 11, 2015
According to a report in RT.com, the incident happened in the afternoon when unidentified people hurled stones and an incendiary device into the building of the newspaper office.
Two suspects have been arrested and nobody was hurt in the attack, police said according to the report.
An investigation has been ordered into the attack. The police added that it was too soon to say if the attack was linked to Charlie Hebdo terror attack.
The attack on a German tabloid comes in the wake of intensified anti-Islam sentiment raging across Europe and anti-Islamisation rallies held in the country by PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans against the Islamisation of the West) protesters.
However, to counter the PEGIDA rallies held in recent weeks, some 35,000 people marched through the German city of Dresden in a rally organised by the government of the state of Saxony and the city of Dresden.
The mayor of Dresden also urged the PEGIDA protesters to bring a change in their mindsets and join the rallies against racism, reported the BBC.
"We will not allow hatred to divide us," Mayor Helma Orosz ​said.
"I believe that this is a clear sign that our society is standing together, and furthermore that we're not forgetting those who are afraid, those who might march with Pegida on Monday," they said.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Here is the New York Times last week:
Former Senator Bob Dole, acting as a foreign agent for the government of Taiwan, worked behind the scenes over the past six months to establish high-level contact between Taiwanese officials and President-elect Donald J. Trump's staff, an outreach effort that culminated last week in an unorthodox telephone call between Mr. Trump and Taiwan's president.
Here is Donald Trump yesterday on Fox News:
I took a call. I heard the call was coming probably an hour or two before. I fully understand the One-China policy. But I don't know why we have to be bound by a One-China policy unless we make a deal with China having to do with other things, including trade.
Knowing Trump, I think we can assume that “an hour or two” was more like 15 minutes. We can also assume that they had never heard of the One-China policy before that, since they typically defend themselves only when he's lying.
So: the China hawks on the Trump team worked on this for months; dumped it on Trump a few minutes ahead of the call; and counted on Trump having no idea what they were getting themselves into. Plus one other thing: whenever Trump gets caught making a mistake, they double down and becomes more committed to their mistake with every passing day. They were probably counting on that too.
It's Trump 101. This is how you handle the guy. I expect we're going to see a lot more skullduggery like this in the White House over the next four years.
Sometimes the best jokes on the Internet come from the most unlikely places, which is precisely the case with the running "J. Cole Went Platinum With No Features" meme. The joke is no shade at Cole, whose feature-less album, 2014 Forest Hills Drive, has now gone double platinum since its release. Instead the joke is on cult of Cole and their overly zealous fans who have routinely tried to use "the platinum with no features" angle as ammo to gloat on Twitter about their favorite artist.
But the joke has taken on a life of its own to become a weird parody of itself. It's the funniest meme on Twitter right now, and the competition isn't even close. The joke has transcended Cole, hip-hop, and music altogether.
Bravo, sir.
the "J. Cole Went Platinum With No Features" twos pic.twitter.com/2fOwKI1leJ — Shea Serrano (@SheaSerrano) June 10, 2016
*slow clap*
They aren't trying to kill Trump they were trying to tell them J Cole went platinum with no features https://t.co/NxE8qQ8CSY — Jantel (@Mangetsujin) June 8, 2016
Omg.
Hey I just met you
And this is crazy
But J. Cole went platinum with no features
So call me maybe — Matthew A. Cherry (@MatthewACherry) June 5, 2016
Somehow we're just scratching the surface here.
That's cool or whateva but J Cole went Platinum with no features #ColeWorld https://t.co/n7gy27fCLg — Cole The God (@YaBoyWiz_) June 4, 2016
1 time a dude dm'd me and said "lmao u wild btw j cole went plat w no features" https://t.co/e5rNLMEptO — CONTROLLA SOTY (@realfam2007) June 4, 2016
"Hey did you know J.Cole went double platinum with no features" pic.twitter.com/QnBqsQ98zB — Hoe Fraizer (@BMdontcheat) June 13, 2016
No Draymond? so what? J Cole went double platinum with no features. — ANW Eighth Gate Open (@COol_1ne) June 12, 2016
J Cole went platinum with no features https://t.co/hbA8Sf8vWq — James Sarlo (@JSarlo2014) June 13, 2016
When a J.Cole fan finds out that you didn't know that their album went platinum with no features pic.twitter.com/7TPdmbQtbN — Chin The Graduate (@TheSwaggDaddy_) June 3, 2016
I just think it's time the world knew that J. Cole went platinum with no features. — Zwill (@EAZwill) June 3, 2016
when they moan "j Cole the only rapper to go platinum in 25 years with no features" pic.twitter.com/TevsHvixWo — Bob Dylan (@NoodlesPls) June 3, 2016
when u get mauled by a bear & still crawl miles thru the wilderness 2 tell sum1 J. Cole went platinum w/ no features pic.twitter.com/AvksfRUXkD — Zach Murphy (@Fade_to_Zach) June 3, 2016
When youre driving home from work and only got to tell one person J Cole went platinum with no features pic.twitter.com/DFhRyI3ZJw — dad of the year (@SaigeSmoove) June 3, 2016
Lebron was 1 assist away from a triple double ..... Okay but J Cole went platinum with no features — ⚡️June 2️⃣8️⃣⚡️ (@Nevers_Failures) June 3, 2016
LeBron has no help. If they win the championship, it will be like J. Cole going platinum with no features. — Lord of Englewood (@JMYChi) June 3, 2016
I hope my sons first words are "J.Cole went platinum with no features" I'd be such a proud father. — Wandering God (@SouloJunior) June 3, 2016
"Aye girl did you fall from heaven? Cause J Cole went platinum with no features." pic.twitter.com/VHca8ZSVUN — dad of the year (@SaigeSmoove) June 3, 2016
u cute n all but did u kno j cole was the only rapper that went platinum w no features in 25 years https://t.co/Ejn7uFSa7c — ️ (@6PAPl) June 2, 2016
"Did you know J. Cole went platinum with no features?" pic.twitter.com/xLUki8MITT — Ｐａｐａ Ｃｏｎｅ (@PapaCone_) June 2, 2016
Seriously, it might be time for the MJ Crying meme to step down.
"Ma'am i swear if you just acknowledge that J.Cole went platinum with no features we won't bother you ever again" pic.twitter.com/rnfueWmqZW — Bhmed/ViewsIsSubpar (@big_business_) May 23, 2016
Peace forever.
"Corporations like Apple Music are pushing drake because they want us to forget j.cole went platinum with no features" pic.twitter.com/HbogcSDj38 — Bhmed/ViewsIsSubpar (@big_business_) May 23, 2016
Once more that phantom chariot the Bob Crow-crushing "driverless" London Underground train has been summoned by Mayor Johnson in the hope of drawing hearty cheers of "good old Boris!" from strike-maddened commuters - and, of course, sticking a bit of red scare dirt-by-association to their Labour challenger Ken Livingstone in the process.
The last time Boris's "driverless" train set came out of its box was just over a year ago, when the headlines claimed that these saviour vehicles would "break" the RMT union. It was twaddle then and it is twaddle now. Let's recap…
London Underground already has trains that are "driverless" in the sense that the term "train driver" is traditionally meant. The Victoria, Central and Jubilee lines are operated by Automatic Train Operation (ATO) systems - the Victoria partially so since 1968 - which mean they aren't manually controlled by people sitting in cabs at the front end except in an emergency. The main responsibility of those individuals is to safely operate the carriage doors. Also, they are members of trade unions.
Trains on the Docklands Light Railway (DLR) don't have drivers even in the ATO kind of way. Instead, they have "train attendants" or "captains" who travel on the train but move around inside it rather than sitting at the front. These people do, however, look after the doors just like their ATO Tube counterparts. They too are expected to operate the train manually if something goes wrong with the system. And they too are members of trade unions. Indeed, Crow's RMT lays claim to nearly all of them.
So if staff on the truly "driverless" DLR are every bit as unionised as those on the Tube – and prepared to withdraw their labour too - how does Boris think making the Tube progressively more driverless will weaken the Tube unions?
The Evening Standard's report, flammed up in a style reminiscent of its wretched Wadley era, described the long-gestated plan to introduce ATO to the Northern Line in two years time and others in 2018 as enabling Boris to "take away the unions' ability to hold the capital to ransom," but failed to explain why.
The accompanying leader column at least tried. "Automation would mean that any qualified member of staff could act as train captain, diminishing the disruption caused by strikes," it said. But how many London Underground staff doing different jobs would also have been trained to be stand-in Tube train "captains" – let alone be willing to cross picket lines – in order to keep the system running?
Transport for London tells me that around 1,950 Tube drivers are needed to staff the system on an average working day. Looks like an awful lot of double-trained strike-breakers would be required to cover for those withdrawing their labour. In short, the "driverless Tube" pitch is, as Londonist puts it, one of those transport promises you shouldn't trust.
As for making it as a means of mentioning Ken Livingstone's good relationship with ASLEF and the TSSA - though not the RMT – in the hope of winning votes, perhaps Boris should think again. There have been many more Tube strikes under them than when Ken was mayor. People might start thinking that's not a bad reason for making Ken mayor again.
New York-based floral and gift e-tailer 1-800-Flowers.com has announced that it is now accepting bitcoin through a partnership with Coinbase.
With the decision, 1-800-Flowers becomes one of the largest merchants to enter the bitcoin space, boasting $735m in total net revenue in 2013.
Jim McCann, CEO and founder of 1-800-FLOWERS.COM, framed the partnership as an extension of the company's overall focus on customer service, stating:
“As a customer-centric company, we are always looking for new ways to engage with our customers and enhance their shopping experience for all of their celebratory occasions. Bitcoin, together with our other payment options, offers our customers another highly convenient way to help them deliver smiles to the important people in their lives.”
The announcement marks the latest major retailer to accept bitcoin following the recent announcements by Overstock, DISH and Expedia, all of whom also accept bitcoin via merchant processing services offered by California-based Coinbase.
In comparison to 1-800-Flowers, subscription TV service provider DISH, Internet-based travel website Expedia and online retailer Overstock, see $13.9bn, $4.8bn and $1.3bn in yearly revenue.
Customer-first approach
1-800-Flowers sees the majority of its annual revenue – 56% – from floral purchases, while 33% comes from its gourmet food and gift basket items.
Still, recent indications are the company is looking for new and novel ways for consumers to make those purchases. In its 2013 annual report, Jim McCann and president Chris McCann pledged to focus on social and mobile initiatives, stating:
“Our marketing initiatives that are designed to engage directly with our customers – increasingly through the fast evolving social and mobile channels, to deepen our relationships with them and help them deliver smiles.”
As such, the statements suggest that bitcoin may be a natural extension for the company given these aims. 1-800-Flowers reported reaching 4.9 million customers in 2013, an increase of 2.3 million over the course of the calendar year.
Given bitcoin's ability to attract customers to Overstock and TigerDirect, the technology could also help 1-800-Flowers boost its new customer acquisitions in 2014.
High-tech history
Purchased in the late 1980s by New York area flower shop owner Jim McCann, 1-800-Flowers has long kept a close eye on cutting-edge technologies, using them to grow the company at key intervals.
For example, the company rose to prominence to due to timely advertisements on cable-TV news networks in the early 1990s, and forged early partnerships with CompuServe and AOL.
1-800-Flowers changed its name to 1-800-Flowers.COM when it went public in 1999, and retains the name to this day.
Flowers image via Shutterstock
HISTORIC! British PM Theresa May Praises Trump; Delivers Speech on Defense of British-US Alliance and Western Culture (VIDEO)
British Prime Minister Theresa May delivered an historic speech today before Republican Summit in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.
This was a speech of historic proportions.
Them defense of the US-British Alliance was refreshing and powerful. Them defense of Western Culture was well-timed and badly needed after the Obama catastrophe.
UK Prime Minister Theresa May: The relationship between the US and UK has "defined the modern world" https://t.co/95hjwpf4Ge — CNN Politics (@CNNPolitics) January 26, 2017
Theresa May praised the Trump election:
“Trump's election was a distinctly special one driven by the voice of the people… A great victory.”
May did not disappoint:
“A newly emboldened confident America is good for the world. An America that is strong that is prosperous at home can lead abroad.”
This speech will go down in history.
President Trump's attempts to drain the swamp are being undermined by one of their key administrators.
Scott Pruitt, head of the Environmental Protection Agency, is more interested in building their political career than they are taking on the Green Blob, insiders report.
Pruitt is also said to be behind attempts to remove at least one of the key phrases from the president's long-awaited Executive Order on the environment.
It concerns a proposal to repeal the EPA's Endangerment Finding on CO2 (the disastrous, unscientific, job-killing ruling introduced during the Obama Administration, which rebranded the harmless trace gas Carbon Dioxide as a dangerous substance).
If Pruitt is successful and this clause is removed from the Executive Order it will represent a major setback for President Trump's war with the Climate Industrial Complex. It may also put into jeopardy the promises Trump made on the campaign trail to scrap “any regulation that is outdated, unnecessary, bad for workers, or contrary to the national interest.”
“This is the president's one shot at winning this battle,” an ally in the EPA camp warns. “It's like the French heavy cavalry at Agincourt: lose momentum and he's going to get stuck in the mud being shot to pieces by the English longbows.”
To understand the background to this story, you need to know who Scott Pruitt is and how they landed such a key job. The dismantling of the EPA, after all, is a core part of Trump's swamp-draining program — so clearly it mattered greatly that the Administrator's position should go to a capable, determined figure.
Pruitt, a Republican lawyer, the Attorney General of Oklahoma seemed ideally qualified. One of their biographies describes them as a “leading advocate against the EPA's activist agenda.” It was because of their combative track record — challenging their state's rights against the federal bureaucracy of the EPA — that they landed the post of EPA Administrator.
Since taking on the position, though, their appetite for doing what they were appointed to do appears to have diminished somewhat. True, their credentials as a climate sceptic are not much in doubt. Yes, they might even agree with President Trump that there's a swamp out there that sorely needs draining. The problem is, insiders explain, is that the future of the EPA is of far less interest to Pruitt than their prospects of becoming either one of Oklahoma's next senators or its next governor.
“Pruitt wants to keep themselves in the middle of the road so they can get themselves elected,” one of my sources explains. “He's not interested in managing the agency; he's interested in running for the senate; and though of course he's committed to the conservative cause, he's more committed to himself.”
Of a piece with this was their recent spat with Mick Mulvaney, director of the White House's Office of Management and Budget, over the EPA's budget allowance.
Pruitt — supposed to be a hawk — protested that they couldn't accept the proposed 24 percent cut in the EPA's $8.2 billion budget. A furious Mulvaney responded by increasing the cut to 31 percent.
Incurring Mulvaney's wrath, my sources tell me, was all part of the plan. “It made Pruitt look like the guy who sticks up for their people. A good look for someone running for senator of Oklahoma.”
Meanwhile, most of the actual running of the EPA has been deputed to Pruitt's Chief of Staff Ryan Jackson. Like Pruitt, like many in the upper circles of the EPA, Jackson is a member of the Oklahoma political set. They cut their teeth as an aide to Oklahoma Senator James Inhofe who, as Chair of the Senate Committee on Environment and Public Works, has long been a scourge of the Climate Industrial Complex. Jackson often tried to warn off Sen. Inhofe from becoming too outspoken on climate change — not out of reasons of principle but purely as a matter of realpolitik. Sen. Inhofe, however, never gave much of a damn about caution: now 82, they have no reason to make friends and influence people by making out nicey-nice on green issues.
Pruitt, on the other hand, has been much more alive to Jackson's cautions. They got their fingers quite badly burnt after they recently said on CNBC that they did not consider carbon dioxide to be a major cause of global warming.
At the time, I applauded Pruitt for saying what needed to be said. It was certainly an improvement on their disappointing performance at CPAC a few weeks before when he'd bounded around Tiggerishly repeating their favourite meaningless catchphrase “the future ain't what it used to be” but proved themselves quite incapable of answering a straightforward question about whether they believed in human-made climate change.
But I gather from my sources that there was blowback from the White House (why, it is not clear). This has made Pruitt more determined than ever not to stick their head above the parapet by doing anything that would make them even more unpopular than they are already with the Green Blob and its many fellow travellers in the squish branch of the GOP.
Pruitt's lip-wobbling could scarcely come at a worse moment for Donald Trump. With their attempt to repeal Obamacare in temporary disarray, they badly need a clear victory on one of their other battlefronts — not company commanders abandoning their positions at the very moment their flanks are most in danger.
Already, the president has enough trouble on the environment front from other members of their inner circle. Both their daughter Ivanka and their husband Jared Kushner are true believers in the green faith and, like their Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, have argued for the tone of the President's Executive Order on the environment to be softened.
If the clause on the Endangerment Finding is removed from the Executive Order, attempts will be made by Pruitt and others to pretend that this isn't a problem. What matters is all the stuff President Trump is definitely going to do, like cancel Obama's Clean Power Plan and putting the Paris climate agreement to the Senate so they can overturn it.
But this is disingenuous and misleading.
The Endangerment Finding isn't some negligible, easily circumnavigable piece of legislation. It was deliberately introduced by environmentalist zealots at the height of the Obama administration as the poison pill which would cripple U.S. industry by rebranding “greenhouse gases,” including CO2, as a pollutant. This gives environmental lawyers carte blanche to sue any U.S. administration that fails properly to combat this alleged menace.
Yet as Cato's Pat Michaels explained in their lunchtime presentation at the Heartland Institute Climate Conference last week, the Endangerment Finding is based on an entirely flawed premise.
It presupposes that the various computer models used to predict dangerous climate change as a result of rising human-made CO2 levels are reliable and accurate. They are not. With time, the divergence between projected warming and observed warming has grown bigger, not smaller. This means, effectively, that the EPA's Endangerment Finding declaration has no credible scientific basis whatsoever.
In other words, the environmental movement has strayed so far beyond the realms of science that it has created several barn-door-sized targets for any administration brave enough to take it on. This is an argument that can be won many times over: on the science; on the economics; even on the environment itself — which is being caused untold damage by misguided policies supposedly designed to save it.
But what President Trump needs now more than ever are administrators with the political will to do the right thing — which is, after all, the reason so many Americans voted for him.
If Scott Pruitt is not up to that task, then maybe it's about time they did the decent thing and handed over the reins to someone who is.
The Windows 10 Fall Creators Update will introduce a number of new features for users, including one that allows users to go back to an earlier snapshot of their systems, and restore open programs and documents with a feature called Timeline, which was unveiled today at Microsoft's Build developer conference.
Timeline allows the user to jump back in time to find what they were working on. It works with a visual feature that has a scrollbar, allowing you to scrub through your history of open apps, documents and more, and then restoring that session. The feature is seamless, with the ability to hop back into a previous session as if it had never been left.
The Timeline feature essentially allows the user to rewind their system to a previous point in time, similar to how you would rewind a movie. Rewind back to the point in which you wish to resume from, and your system will restore itself as if it had never progressed passed that point.
Timeline is a new feature that's part of the Fall Creators Update coming later this year.
Product and Performance Information
1 Intel® technologies' features and benefits depend on system configuration and may require enabled hardware, software or service activation. Performance varies depending on system configuration. No computer system can be absolutely secure. Check with your system manufacturer or retailer or learn more at https://www.intel.com.
2 Altering clock frequency or voltage may damage or reduce the useful life of the processor and other system components, and may reduce system stability and performance. Product warranties may not apply if the processor is operated beyond its specifications. Check with the manufacturers of system and components for additional details.
3 Software and workloads used in performance tests may have been optimized for performance only on Intel® microprocessors. Performance tests, such as SYSmark* and MobileMark*, are measured using specific computer systems, components, software, operations and functions. Any change to any of those factors may cause the results to vary. You should consult other information and performance tests to assist you in fully evaluating your contemplated purchases, including the performance of that product when combined with other products. For more information go to www.intel.com/benchmarks.
4 Performance results are based on testing as of March, 12, 2018, and may not reflect all publicly available security updates. See configuration disclosure for details. No product can be absolutely secure.
As measured by Game Launch Workload comparing 8th Gen Intel® Core™ i7+ 8750H (32GB Intel® Optane™ memory module + 256GB PCISe SSD + 1TB HDD) vs. 8th Gen Intel® Core™ i7 8750H (256GB PCIe* SSD + 1TB HDD). Game Launch Workload - Workload developed by Intel measuring the time elapsed to launch Total War: Warhammer II Build: 5577.0 and reach the Main Menu with intro videos disabled (Launch). Intel® Optane™ memory Data Drive Acceleration Configurations: Intel® Core™ i7+ 8750H processor, PL1=45W TDP, 6C12T, Turbo up to 4GHz on Pre-production OEM System, Graphics: NVIDIA GTX 1070, Memory: 2x4GB DDR4, Storage: 256GB 760P SSD (PCIe*) + 1TB HDD + 32GB Intel® Optane™ memory, OS: Windows* 10 RS3 Build 1709, MCU 0x84; Intel® Core™ i7-8750H processor, PL1=45W TDP, 6C12T, Turbo up to 4GHz on Pre-production OEM System, Graphics: NVIDIA GTX 1070, Memory: 2x4GB DDR4, Storage: 256GB 760P SSD (PCIe*) + 1TB HDD, OS: Windows* 10 RS3 Build 1709, MCU 0x84.
5 Performance results are based on testing as of March, 12, 2018, and may not reflect all publicly available security updates. See configuration disclosure for details. No product can be absolutely secure.
As measured by Game Level Load Workload comparing 8th Gen Intel® Core™ i7+ 8750H processor (32GB Intel® Optane™ memory module) vs. 8th Gen Intel® Core™ i7-8750H processor (HDD Only). Game Level Load Workload - Workload developed by Intel measuring the time elapsed from the main menu to completion of level loading (Level Load) on Total War: Warhammer II Build: 5577.0. Intel® Optane™ memory Data Drive Acceleration Configurations: Intel® Core™ i7+ 8750H processor, PL1=45W TDP, 6C12T, Turbo up to 4GHz on Pre-production OEM System, Graphics: NVIDIA GTX 1070, Memory: 2x4GB DDR4, Storage: 256GB 760P SSD (PCIe*) + 1TB HDD + 32GB Intel® Optane™ memory, OS: Windows* 10 RS3 Build 1709, MCU 0x84; Intel® Core™ i7-8750H processor, PL1=45W TDP, 6C12T, Turbo up to 4GHz on Pre-production OEM System, Graphics: NVIDIA GTX 1070, Memory: 2x4GB DDR4, Storage: 256GB 760P SSD (PCIe*) + 1TB HDD, OS: Windows* 10 RS3 Build 1709, MCU 0x84.
6 As compared to other PC I/O connection technologies including eSATA, USB, and IEEE 1394 Firewire*. Performance will vary depending on the specific hardware and software used. Must use a Thunderbolt™-enabled device. For more information go to http://www.intel.com/content/www/us/en/io/thunderbolt/thunderbolt-technology-developer.html.
7 OVERWATCH, OVERWATCH LEAGUE and the OVERWATCH LEAGUE logo are trademarks or registered trademarks of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc., in the U.S. and/or other countries.
1 of 4
China reportedly wants to boost its stranglehold over the South China Sea by launching 10 more spy satellites in the next three years. Beijing is reportedly planning on creating a network of satellites that will help China conduct 24/7 surveillance over the contested waters.
China plans to launch three optical satellites, two hyperspectral satellites and two SAR satellites to complete the Satellite Constellation Program by 2021, the state-run Xinhua reported. When completed, the spy satellite network will reportedly help Beijing conduct "round-the-clock" surveillance on South China Sea, even allowing detailed analysis of any objects in the contested waters.
The South China Morning Post cited an unspecified Beijing-based expert on remote sensing technology as saying that the yet-to-be-launched satellites would provide additional support to China's current satellite network and "could be called into military service when needed".
Collin Koh, a maritime security specialist at Singapore's Nanyang Technological University told the South China Morning Post that climactic and technical issues affecting China's current satellite system have prevented the nation from providing complete surveillance coverage over the South China Sea.
"The new satellite remote sensing plan ... constitutes just a facet of the overall efforts China has been making in improving its sense-making ability in the South China Sea," Koh said.
1 of 2
Over the past year, China has reportedly escalated its presence over the contested waters. Washington-based Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative reportedly said that China has already added around 29 hectares of infrastructure to seven artificial South China Sea islands since 2016, indicating the possibility of Beijing likely establishing fully-functional air and naval bases in the future.
Experts reportedly believe that Beijing is capitalising on the current calm, to ramp up its monopolising control over the disputed waters as the US continues to be preoccupied by the North Korean nuclear threat.
Philippines president Rodrigo Duterte's current appeasing stance on the disputed waters also appears to have emboldened China. "Beijing must have also recognised that the current peace – compared to the ramped up tensions last year – could be temporary or transient, so it'll pay to continue to fortify its physical hold of the area," Koh said.
Meanwhile, China is also planning to launch its first hydrogen atomic clock in 2022, which will aim to boost China's navigation satellite system.
Tottenham are still paying off Emmanuel Adebayor, whilst Watford want to sign him.
Emmanuel Adebayor is still being paid by Spurs, according to the Telegraph.
The Togolese forward, 31, left Spurs during September after having their contract cancelled, but according to the terms of their agreement, they are still being paid £100,000-a-week until the end of this campaign, or until they sign for a new team.
It is claimed that, despite not playing for them anymore, Adeabyor remains Tottenham's highest earner - and makes more than double the amount paid to club hero Harry Kane.
This is set to continue until the end of this season, which was the set date for the ending of their contract, although Spurs will stop having to pay Adebayor if they sign for another team before that date.
The report claims that Watford and Chelsea are the two teams most keenly interested in the forward, with the Hornets showing the strongest interest. They have already invited them to train with them, and now that they have returned to England, it is expected that the invitation will be offered once again.
Adebayor, however, prefers a move to Chelsea, with Jose Mourinho looking for a short-term fix to the Blues' goalscoring problems.
The issue that comes with any potential deal is how much any buying club would want to spend on Adebayor's weekly wages. There would be no problem if Watford or Chelsea would willingly pay their current £100,000-a-week, but if they do not want to spend that much, a deal will have to be struck with Daniel Levy for Spurs to pay a portion of the wages.
Adebayor looks as if they still have a role to play in the Premier League, and Spurs could yet play a key part in which club turns out to be their next.
How about some Disturbia to start your week? No, I'm not talking about the 2009 hit from Rihanna or the teen thriller movie starring Shia LaBeouf, I'm talking about UNFD's very own Void of Vision and the release of their EP “Disturbia” dropped late last week. If you haven't heard of Void of Vision, who are you and where have you been the last 4 years?
Disturbia is a 4 track, 11 minute BANGER of an EP that was stealthily released on November 10th. EP opener ‘Spite' opens with a short scream from vocalist Jack Bergin and picks up with the heavy, quick beat that continues throughout the fast track. With a short fade out, the progression to ‘Ghost In The Machine' is almost missed until you find yourself singing along to the clean melodies from guitarist James McKendrick. So far this EP has a good mix of “Broken//Bones” & “Children of Chrome” and everyone seems to be loving this. The second last track on the EP ‘You Will Bring Me Down' will have you singing along with James once again to the very popular phrase “misery loves company” during the chorus. A cliché lyric, but Jack's delivery of unclean and emotional vocals will have you forgetting how cliché their lyrics can be. The EP finishes up with ‘Grey Area' which begins as if it's an outro only to pick up again just before the 1 minute mark and keep you hanging out until the very end.
The release comes perfectly timed ahead of their Australian tour with brothers Graves, and the music video for ‘Ghost in the Machine' has already reached 13 thousand views over the weekend. This song is an absolute banger with all the heavies you'd expect and some of the catchiest clean vocals from the boys yet. If this is a sneak peak of what's to come in 2018 from Void of Vision, I am more than ready.
Are Void of Vision now a four piece?
I feel like we've missed something though. They've been quiet for a while now, and this can happen when bands are preparing new music, but did anyone notice a missing member throughout the film clip? The clean vocals are sounding a tad different? Without an official departure from the band or any official statement, it leads to curiosity of whether Bassist Matt Thompson has left for good or is simply too busy exploring the world and missed the chance to be involved on the EP. Boys, what's going on?
We hope whatever it may be, things are sweet between the band and Matt and maybe we're just overthinking things. Regardless, we are absolutely stoked for these boys and the fact that early next year they're on the plane back to Europe to play alongside Miss May I, Fit For A King & Currents.
A new bipartisan bill has been put forward in the U.S. House of Representatives to quash an anti-marijuana program under the Drug Enforcement Agency.
The initiative, officially called the Domestic Cannabis Eradication/Suppression Program, allows the DEA to distribute federal money to state and local governments to help them seize cannabis and destroy cultivation sites. In 2013, the DEA used $18 million for the program, according to Forbes.
The new congressional bill would ban the use of federal funds for the program, effectively abolishing it. The measure would also prohibit the transfer of any property to local governments if the property was intended to be used to support the DEA's suppression program.
The bill – dubbed the Stop Civil Asset Forfeiture Funding for Marijuana Suppression Act – was introduced by Congressmen Ted Lieu, a California Democrat, and Justin Amash, a Michigan Republican.
The bill is the latest in a string of ongoing bipartisan attempts in Congress to reform federal marijuana laws.
"You've got players picking teams and players shunning teams, and you want them to go out the next day and sort of feel like, 'Hey, I'm happy to be here, we're all here to have a good time -- but you punk, you didn't choose me and I want to beat you.'" -- Brendan Shanahan
Google I/O is less than two weeks away, and while there are a great many Google products and services hopefully seeing some big updates during the coveted keynote, few services are expected to see as drastic and possibly game-changing updates as Google Play Music. Google Play Music could see a lot of changes — or even complete replacement — on May 8th, so while we wait to see what we're getting, let's recap what Google Play Music needs.
App layout overhaul with a streamlined or compact layout
Google Play Music received its last overhaul back in 2013, when it traded a black and blue Holo UI for a white and orange Material Design UI. The app needs to be redesigned from scratch at this point, but the biggest things that need fixing are these: Reprioritize the hamburger menu or ditch it for bottom tabs like YouTube and Spotify have. Tabs would require Google Play Music to seriously scale back on the sections, because right now things are bloated, cluttered and downright crazy.
Streamline and condense the UI to showcase more on screen at any given time, switching from large, album-collage thumbnails to a more compact list form on many sections of the app like Recents, Playlists, and Albums, which can become downright painful to scroll through with a developed library.
Speaking of scrolling, scrolling and menu controls overlap on Google Play Music to the point that it's damn near impossible to add songs from the Songs section of My Library to a queue or playlist. Switch to a better scroll bar or a jump list like Action Launcher's Quickdrawer
Completely replace the Home page. The bold banners suggesting stations, new releases, and music we've listened to around this time before are way too big and completely ignored by a large section of users. Make the Home tab a medley of Recently Played, suggested stations, and recommended releases, like YouTube's home page.
The playback screen on Google Play Music is so in need of an overhaul that it gets its own section, because the way Google Play Music does its Now Playing screen is widely hated and has several highly noticeable problems: Album art is zoomed in to fill the full screen, regardless of the opaque top and bottom bars of the screen containing the track information and track controls that cover up part of the album art, often leading to awkward crops of artist's torsos, arms, or legs. This is especially noticeable on extra tall devices, which are becoming more and more prevalent.
The track controls are split between the opaque bottom bar and sitting above that bar within the album art. This means that the Shuffle, Repeat, and Google Cast icons can be obscured or completely lost in bright or busy artwork.
The seek bar is a thin orange/white line that runs at the edge of the bottom bar and the artwork, saddled right between all the other track controls, which can be accidentally hit while trying to tap a point to seek to. The seek bar is so thin that it's easy to miss, meaning that when you swipe to seek you could accidentally swipe to the next or previous song.
And last but not least, I've been begging since 2013, and I don't intend to get up off my knees and stop until I have it: for the love of Duarte, give Google Play Music a dark theme. A good dark theme is easier on the eyes for after-hours listening, a true black dark theme can help AMOLED phone users eke a little more out of their battery during a jam session, and if you don't think a dark UI doesn't look readable or sexy, just ask Spotify. Better multi-device handoff and Chromecast stability
We can listen to Google Play Music on a wide, wide array of devices, but we can only listen on one at a time. However, your queue is unique on every device, and if you want to start listening to a queue on your phone and keep listening on your computer once you get to work, you'll have to save it as a playlist, rather than being able to move your current queue from one device to another like Spotify does with Spotify Connect. It's a small feature, but one that would be absolutely heavenly to have. Speaking of device handoffs, Google Play Music was one of the launch services for Chromecast. How is it possible to still have this many issues streaming music this many years later? Google Play Music still skips random songs in playlists on a weekly basis, and good luck casting any songs longer than 15 minutes. Device policy and upload/download changes
I accept having a device limit. I do. I even understand having a specific limit on phones, as much as it hurts someone like me who goes through a lot of them. But the device policy on Google Play Music needs to be revisited for a few very important reasons. Your computer can be counted twice because both the web extension and Music Manager count as an activation.
Devices that can't download/upload to your Google Play Library can still count against the ten device limit, like Android Wear 2.0 watches and Android TVs.
Almost every Android phone or tablet that ships Android has Google Play Music on it, and it can often activate itself before you have a chance to go disable it. If you burn through your 10 device authorizations (and 4 deauthorizations) with phones and tablets and watches and TVs, you could not have a way to upload new music or download what is already rightfully yours, since you can only do so on a computer. Let me repeat that: if you run out of device authorizations and de-authorizations, you can be locked out of downloading music you own. Being unable to upload or download music from our library on the device we use most also needs to be rectified. Local-only songs cannot be added to playlists or cast. We shouldn't need an old-looking and old-acting Music Manager or Chrome extension in order to add songs to our cloud library and cast them. But really, all we really want is a little stability
The future is uncertain for Google Play Music. That much is clear. Google Play Music could get replaced at Google I/O. Google Play Music could get merged with YouTube or YouTube Music in some unholy Frankenstein magic. Google could be completely overhauling the service and changing everything we thought we knew about the service.
We just don't know. And that's scarier than things staying the way they are right now.
The team at Waves, the blockchain platform for custom asset/token issuance and trading has informed that miners rewards are about to rise considerably. The terms for miners will be changing, which will make running a node or leasing balances more profitable. Projections from Waves shows that miners will be able to earn up to 5% annually on their balances — not taking into account expected increases in transaction volumes, or the price of WAVES.
Additionally, the Waves platform has just successfully tested the NG consensus protocol, announced early this month and which promises greatly increased speeds and throughput on the blockchain. Once NG is released on mainnet in mid-December, the Waves team says they expect the network to be able to process around 6,000 transactions per minute, making it the fastest production blockchain in the world, with many more transaction fees to distribute.
Mine WAVES
With the number of transactions rising steadily over the past few months, and ready to increase as NG goes live, there are new opportunities for miners to generate an income from their holdings. Users need 10,000 WAVES and a simple hosted server to run the client, and it does not take any specialist hardware. Those running a node receive all of the transaction fees from the blocks processed, in WAVES and other assets, as well as rewards in the form of the Miners Reward Token (MRT) which can be traded on the Waves DEX. The total annual rewards earned by miners will increase by up to 5% starting from the beginning of 2018.
Waves use a Proof-of-Stake algorithm in which the WAVES you owned (or that have been leased to the user) reflect the mining power. The more owned, the higher the chances of processing the next block and receiving the transaction fees as a reward. Essentially it's a form of interest on a miner's balance.
Lease WAVES
If users don't have 10,000 WAVES or don't want to maintain a node, they can always lease their balance to a miner or mining pool. Users can click on the Leasing tab in the lite client and assign their balance to the address of the mining pool wanting to be used. Doing this helps support the network while the user can get paid rewards, but they won't have to run a node. Leased balances remain in the full control of the owner — they never leave the account — and users can cancel the lease and unlock the WAVES for your own use at any time.
Gal Gun Steam Release Confirmed, Drops This Month
You've all been asking for it, and PQube have finally confirmed it! PQube will be publishing Inti Creates' moetastic rail shooter on Steam, and it's coming a lot sooner than you might think. Gal Gun Steam is happening this month. THIS MONTH.
Gal Gun Double Peace will drop on steam 27th September 2016. Incredibly soon! It was originally released in the west earlier this year on PlayStation Vita and PlayStation 4. Now, Gal Gun Steam joins the ranks of other Japanese games making their way to Steam lately, but it could be one of the most natural ports yet.
Gal Gun is a rail shooter where you need to combat hordes of girls desperate for attention. What game could be better suited for mouse and keyboard than this?
The full extent of the PC version's settings haven't been announced, just that it's coming to Steam very, very soon. We reached out to ask PQube if there would be any Steam trading cards for Gal Gun Double Peace to which they responded “oh yes, of course”.
Gal Gun Double Peace joins PQube's budding Steam line-up along with indie titles Don't Disturb and Hunger Dungeon.
Gal Gun Double Peace will launch on Steam 27th September 2016.
I don't regret you. You were. . . well, so easy to get to know. So comfortable. So young. Happy-go-lucky. Charming. Friendly. Meeting you for the first time felt like going home.
I was never afraid. You never seemed big or bad. I never saw that ugly underbelly that people warned me to look out for in the big bad world. Oh, and you were ambitious. Full of spunk. Humble. At times a little countrified, but that just added to your charm.
It all got so comfortable so fast. Every now and then we'd have our space. You did your thing, I buried myself in books. We moved forward. I grew. We grew together, I thought. And then one day, after a gruelling year, I turned around and saw you were different.
Suddenly you were all about the flash suits and fancy cars. You needed everything bigger and better. You threw money around on expensive scents and showy offices. And houses. So many houses.
Even then, you didn't lose your charisma. I was taken aback by the bubble around you, but I was still a part of it, drawn along by the momentum. And you were the best host. You threw the best parties, you danced the longest and chuckled the loudest at your success.
Wild times
You lived in the now and it was intoxicating. So much so that I started to as well. I was still young, and though my life lessons had taught me to work hard for things, they hadn't taught me yet what to do when I got those things. And you acted with such abandon. Not quite reckless but in the same neck of the woods.
And then the bottom fell out of our world. I grew up overnight. Suddenly you looked weary. Things just stopped. We did so well. What happened? Where did our reality go? Could this be happening?
Slowly it sank in. It seemed like the weather was always bad and taxes were always high. We lost the houses and the cars and the shiny suits one by one.
At first you acted like it didn't even bother you. You'd been through worse. You could turn it around. But as the global recession hit and it became apparent that actually, no, it could get worse again, something happened to you. I saw a side of you that I never knew existed.
It was mean. It was petty. It was selfish. It was so unlike the generosity I had known. Suddenly I couldn't understand; I was an outsider. It was like I hadn't grown with you, like I hadn't spent my youth with you, like it didn't hurt me too that this was happening.
You questioned my loyalty. Nothing I did was good enough. No more cheery hellos, only gloomy remarks laced with sarcasm. I knew it wouldn't last forever. Every now and then the old you shone through. At the theatre. On a glorious, sunny day. With friends who visited. I knew you were there underneath it all. I still do. Even on a bad day you could still be kinder than those pompous, older cynical others. But all good things, as they say . . .
Farewell
So I'm leaving. I'm leaving you but I don't hate you. I don't hold it against you. It has just come to its natural end. I had some wonderful years with you. Late nights spent talking. Surprisingly sun-kissed memories. Strolling through desolate streets at Christmas and loving the warmth and comradeship of your silence.
I don't regret it. I think we both tried. And I know you're coming around. I can see it in the corners of your eyes. They might be a little more wrinkled now, but the glimmer of hope is still there. You've got some fight left in you. And so do I. The only difference this time is that the fight isn't ours together.
It's time. We'll part as friends. Go raibh míle maith agat! May you have a thousand good things.
Natasha Abdul Aziz trained in Ireland as a doctor. In all they spent 15 years in the country.
Humans have a tendency to adore alien thingamajigs. Respecting that we at EliteChoice have been putting you across various forms of alien furniture viz. Giger Harkonnen Chair or unearthly tables. But seems this much is not enough to satiate your alien curiosity. Now the dude based in Russia is geared up to take the alien forms to new levels of mobility. Pictured above is the ultra-alien creation by them that seems to just bustle out of the grill. The Alien car features a perfect model to be driven during a Halloween night. I am simply floored by its hands that clasp the headlights. Elegant appeal!
Is there a worthy contender to ink a newsy deal with this alien model, if even it is available for commercialization? Well pricing shouldn't be an issue as masterpieces' are priceless!
In 1963, Ossie and Ruby Davis, James Baldwin, John O. Killens, Odetta, and Louis Lomax formed the Association of Artists for Freedom, which called for a Christmas boycott to protest the church bombing, and asked that, instead of buying gifts, people make Christmas contributions to civil rights organizations. I remember that my extended family participated in the boycott. My sister and I were teenagers. I don't remember anything else about that Christmas. The article below was printed in the Illustrated news in November 1963.
And a clip from a sermon about giving gifts given on December 17, 1967 by my father, then known as Rev. Albert B. Cleage Jr.
Other links for 1963
Kennedy Refuses to Support Civil Rights Demands
Remembering 1963
Six Dead After Church Bombing – Washington Post article from 1963
BY Gunther Barbosa | Aug 29, 2014 06:09 AM EDT
Close
The Godzilla 2014 sequel would showcase three of Godzilla's biggest Kaiju rivals but MechaGodzilla could be the final Kaiju antagonist in the series as Legendary Pictures has tweeted that more Toho Monsters would appear on future Godzilla fims after Godzilla 2!
The Godzilla 2014 sequel release date has been delayed to 2018 after it was revealed that the Godzilla 2 director Gareth Edwards would work on the Star Wars Episode 7 spin off before working on Godzilla 2.
According to THR, Godzilla 2014 sequel will not begin filming until after the Star Wars standalone film is completed. In case this information is a little discouraging for Godzilla fans, apparently, as per Legendary Entertainment's chairperson and CEO Thomas Tull, this was always going to be the case:
"Gareth's filmmaking talent makes them one of their generation's most creative and visionary directors. The plan has always been for Gareth to direct a different film before we started on another Godzilla, but who knew it would be a 'Star Wars' installment? We have a great plan in store for 'Godzilla' fans and I am looking forward to seeing Gareth's imprint on the 'Star Wars' universe."
So that means that the Godzilla 2014 sequel release date that was supposed to launch on 2016 got delayed to 2017 AND THEN it got delayed again to the final Godzilla 2014 sequel release date on 2018.
But fans can expect something good from the delay as The Godzilla 2014 sequel could very well be a set up to the biggest Kaiju battle in history if the monsters Godzilla is fighting in Godzilla 2 aren't enough as Godzilla could fight King Kong once "Skull Island" is over.
A lot was revealed at the San Diego Comic Con 2014 and new details about the Godzilla 2014 sequel, creatively titled "Godzilla 2" have been revealed as well as the announcement of the King Kong prequel "Skull Island"
NME.com has reported all the new details from the Godzilla 2014 sequel aka Godzilla 2:
Godz were shown a teaser reel titled 'Classified Monarch Footage' which appeared as if put together in the '60s with a voiceover from then President John F Kennedy talking about the threats and dangers to humanity.
After informing us that there was one more secret, a message appears on screen: "There were others."
Across the shadow of pterodactyl appears the legend: "CODENAME: RODAN". Following this, an extreme close-up of a giant moth-like creature: "CODENAME MOTHRA". Finally a silhouette with flashed edit cuts around the figure of a dragon: "CODENAME: GHIDORAH".
The footage closes with the warning, "THREAT ASSESSMENT: CONFLICT INEVITABLE" before ending with, "LET THEM FIGHT".
But that doesn't stop there as Legendary pictures may have teased MechaGodzilla in their tweets.
Gareth Edwards confirmss they will be back to direct Godzilla 2! #LegendarySDCC #SDCC — Legendary (@Legendary) July 26, 2014
It's the news you've been waiting for. Monarch confirm Godzilla is not alone. Rodan! Mothra! King Ghidorah! #LegendarySDCC #SDCC — Legendary (@Legendary) July 26, 2014
Joining #Godzilla in future franchise installments will be several other classic monsters from Toho Co. #LegendarySDCC #SDCC — Legendary (@Legendary) July 26, 2014
What Toho Kaiju do want to see in the Godzilla 2014 sequel and Godzilla 3 other than MechaGodzilla? Can't wait for the Godzilla 2014 sequel release date? Sounds off in the comments below!
Twenty-five years ago today, a small movie starring a has-been and an unknown crept into theaters and unexpectedly took America by storm. The Cinderella story of a Hollywood prostitute and the tycoon who becomes their knight in shining armor, it made Julia Roberts a star, made Richard Gere a star again, and made $463 million worldwide, contributing (along with the previous summer's When Harry Met Sally) to the glut of romantic comedies that would populate 1990s cinema. The movie was originally called $3,000, but you might know it by its second, Disney-imposed title, Pretty Woman. And that moniker wasn't the only thing that changed between the page and the screen; in fact, Pretty Woman has become a legendary example of how a movie can come out of the studio, writing-by-committee system bearing very little resemblance to the script it once was.
J.F. Lawton's original screenplay, titled $3,000 after the amount Edward (Gere) pays Vivian (Roberts) for their week-long engagement as their Los Angeles companion, was a hot property, bought after a fierce bidding war by Disney's Touchstone Pictures division and handed over to director Garry Marshall, who'd just given them a hit with Beaches. Touchstone was established in 1984 as a home for more adult-oriented fare than Disney proper; their first release (and first hit) was that year's Splash, and their first R-rated movie, Down and Out in Beverly Hills, followed two years later.
Still, $3,000 would've been mighty dark as written, even for Touchstone. In its original form, which you can read here, it was neither a Cinderella story nor a romantic comedy — it was a cynical, rather depressing tale of a junkie prostitute and the rich asshole they spend a week with. Neither of them is particularly likable, either at the beginning of the story or its conclusion; Roberts would later describe the script as “a really dark and depressing, horrible, terrible story about two horrible people and my character was this drug addict, a bad-tempered, foulmouthed, ill-humored, poorly educated hooker who had this weeklong experience with a foulmouthed, ill-tempered, bad-humored, very wealthy, handsome but horrible man and it was just a grisly, ugly story about these two people.”
She's exaggerating — but not by much. The most jarring element of $3,000 is Vivian's drug addiction, an element which is not only removed from Pretty Woman, but explicitly repudiated in the “dental floss” scene. That scene plays with an extra layer of comedy if you're aware that Lawton's script opens with a full six pages of Vivian and BFF Kit (Laura San Giacomo) talking shop and jonesing for crack, which they eventually buy:
Them meet-cute with Edward isn't quite as cute in the script either; there's none of the business with them having trouble driving their stick shift, and only a passing mention of them being lost. It's pretty clear he's looking for a prostitute, and they find one. Their negotiation of the evening's activities also did not survive the rewrite process:
The studio may have given its Touchstone releases a bit more leeway, but it's hard to imagine anyone in a Disney movie saying, “I don't do it in the ass, either.”
Anyway, Vivian and Edward eventually arrive at the titular business arrangement, negotiated up from the original $2000 payday due to their insistence that they can't have the “little bit of rock” they request; the extra money to stay off drugs for the week is, in their words, “Hardship pay.”
The big Rodeo Drive shopping sequence doesn't really happen (Edward isn't involved), but there is a very long scene of Vivian modeling all the lingerie and teddies they bought on their shopping trip. Oh, and you know that business with Edward defending their honor when a slimy colleague tries to hit on her? Hahaha, here's this exchange, which happens in front of Vivian:
But the most notorious divergence is the ending. Pretty Woman concludes with knight-like Edward riding their own white horse (a white limo) back to Vivian, climbing the tower (her fire escape) to rescue her, a big kiss, and the pair living happily ever after.
The original script? Not so much:
Those are the last words they say to each other. And really, what great romance doesn't conclude with the dialogue, “Go to hell! I hate you!”? Edward drives off, Vivian collects their money out of the gutter, and the script ends with them and Kit — whom the screenplay casts as less a spunky, foulmouthed sparkplug than a perpetually coughing junkie, “pale and ghostly” and “unhealthily thin” — on a Greyhound bus to Disneyland.
In spite of that happy touch of synergy, Disney unsurprisingly passed on this bleak conclusion — and much of what came before. After Marshall comes on board, writer Lawton did a couple more drafts, inserting the happy ending and making it more of a love story, before they were fired. Marshall brought on three more writers over three subsequent drafts, punching it up to make it the comedy it became.
It seems safe to say that if Touchstone had shot something closer to Lawton's original $3,000, they would've ended up with a very different result — a fraction of the box office, for starters, while Roberts and Gere's respective big break and big comeback would've come later, if at all. The materials are present in $3,000 for a decent movie, to be sure, but a wildly different one, a ‘70s-style character study of truly terrible people rather than the modern-day, soft-R fairy tale it became. The real mystery isn't why they did it — the box office speaks for itself — but why they spent so much money to buy the first movie and change it into the second. But you know Disney: they love their fairy tales. And from the distance of a quarter century, $3,000/Pretty Woman is a fascinating case study in how they can find one in even the most unlikely of places.
In the past, I have posted some pretty scary cosplay like the Diablo cosplay from a couple of years ago and the Silent Hill Nurse cosplay last year, but as scary as those were, I don't think they can quite compare to this nightmare inducing Batman Arkham Knight Scarecrow cosplay.
While I am not sure who the actual cosplayer is under this mask, the mask itself was created by Matt Sprunger at Stage 1 Studios in Winter Park, FL with help from LuAndra Whitehurst and Robert Tuscani. The photography was done by the obviously talented Rich Johnson.
If you happen to know who the cosplayer is under the mask, please let us know in the comments below so we can give them the credit they deserve.
Share this with any Batman fans you know or anybody you want to have nightmares for the next week. Like Fanboy Fashion on Facebook too!
[Source: Rich Johnson via Fashionably Geek]
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Muammar Gaddafi appeared on Libyan TV making a defiant address to supporters
International forces have launched new air strikes near Libya's rebel-held western city of Misrata, witnesses say.
Forces loyal to Col Muammar Gaddafi initially pulled back, but Misrata residents say snipers have continued to target people from rooftops.
Col Gaddafi's forces also resumed their pounding of Zintan, near the Tunisian border, according to reports.
The fighting comes as Western leaders debate who leads the intervention, with the US keen to hand over to Nato.
A Misrata resident told Reuters by telephone: "This morning, air strikes twice hit the airbase where Gaddafi's brigades are based.
"Two people were killed by snipers an hour ago in the centre of the town. Their bodies are now at the hospital, which I visited a while ago. Shooting is still going on there now."
A doctor in the city also told the BBC that snipers were continuing to shoot at civilians, and confirmed at least one person had been killed.
Witnesses said tanks pulled back from their positions, from where they have been spearheading a siege of the city for days.
There are also reports of fierce fighting between rebels and pro-Gaddafi forces in the strategic eastern town of Ajdabiya.
Residents fleeing the town described shelling, gunfire and houses on fire.
Image caption Ajdabiya, west of Benghazi, is now the front line for rebel and Gaddafi forces
Earlier, Col Gaddafi made their first public appearance in a week and gave a short speech to a crowd of supporters in Tripoli.
They urged "all Islamic armies" to join him, saying: "We will be victorious."
Western warplanes have flown more than 300 sorties over Libya in recent days and more than 162 Tomahawk cruise missiles have been fired.
After sunset on Tuesday, witnesses reported more anti-aircraft fire and the distant sound of explosions in Tripoli.
Before dawn on Wednesday, a series of explosions were also heard in the Libyan capital.
The coalition has not confirmed any reports of air strikes overnight on Tuesday.
Naval blockade
Meanwhile, ships from Nato nations have started patrolling off the Libyan coast to enforce a UN arms embargo against Col Gaddafi's regime.
A spokesperson for the Western military alliance, Canadian Brigadier General Pierre St Amand, said six vessels were taking part in the first day of patrols.
They aim to intercept and board ships suspected of ferrying arms to the Libyan government.
"If after inspection, doubts remain as to the legitimacy of the cargo, the vessel will be diverted to a designated port for further inspection," Gen St-Amand said.
Nato members are currently holding talks about assuming responsibility for the no-fly zone over Libya.
Turkey, Nato's sole Muslim member, is an integral part of the naval blockade but expressed concern about the alliance taking over command of the no-fly zone from the US.
US defence secretary Robert Gates has arrived in the Egyptian capital Cairo for talks on both Libya and Egypt's hoped-for transition to democracy following the fall of Hosni Mubarak.
They were previously in Moscow, where President Dmitry Medvedev criticised what they called the "indiscriminate use of force" by coalition aircraft in Libya.
Mr Gates rejected the criticism of the air strikes, saying Col Gaddafi was lying about civilian casualties.
Russia abstained from last week's UN Security Council resolution that authorised armed intervention in Libya to protect civilians.
Back in 2014, Trilema burned ~4TB.
Per month.
Then in 2015, it went rather to 5.
Terabytes.
Also per month.
Then in 2016 it reached 7, and by 2018 I was serving over eleven. Terrabytes. That's over 12`094`627`905`536 bytes, for the precisians among us. Per month.
Then the pantsuits decided to abandon all hope their citadels of ineptitude may matter in the world, and as a result I've served a terrabyte today, and almost two yesterday, and so following.
To be sure, it's not all composed of the slack left behind by the regressing femstate, lots of people use Trilema in all sorts of ways. Nevertheless,
gif Image 956,059 0.7 % 751.14 GB 73.8 %
Which is to say, less than one in thirteen hundred use almost three quarters of my bandwidth to, specifically,
185.69.144.30 - - [25/Jan/2019:07:11:42 -0500] "GET /wp-content/uploads/2016/10/cockworship-6.gif HTTP/1.1" 200 2095198 "https://www.google.com/" "Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 6.0; MYA-L11) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/70.0.3538.80 Mobile Safari/537.36"
5.236.87.147 - - [25/Jan/2019:07:11:48 -0500] "GET /wp-content/uploads/2016/10/cockworship-6.gif HTTP/1.1" 200 2095198 "https://www.google.com/" "Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1; Win64; x64) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/71.0.3578.98 Safari/537.36"
185.158.113.226 - - [25/Jan/2019:07:11:48 -0500] "POST /xmlrpc.php HTTP/1.0" 200 54 "-" "Mozilla/4.0 (compatible: MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 6.0)"
78.151.153.254 - - [25/Jan/2019:07:11:56 -0500] "GET /wp-content/uploads/2016/08/entirely-spurious-intromission.gif HTTP/1.1" 200 1014053 "https://www.google.com/" "Mozilla/5.0 (Linux; Android 8.0.0; SM-G930F) AppleWebKit/537.36 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/71.0.3578.99 Mobile Safari/537.36"
1.144.107.101 - - [25/Jan/2019:07:12:13 -0500] "GET /wp-content/uploads/2016/10/cockworship-2.gif HTTP/1.1" 304 - "https://www.google.com.au/" "Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 12_1 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/12.0 Mobile/15E148 Safari/604.1"
92.97.95.147 - - [25/Jan/2019:07:13:09 -0500] "GET /wp-content/uploads/2016/10/cockworship-10.gif HTTP/1.1" 200 2034953 "https://www.google.com/" "Mozilla/5.0 (iPhone; CPU iPhone OS 12_1 like Mac OS X) AppleWebKit/605.1.15 (KHTML, like Gecko) CriOS/71.0.3578.89 Mobile/15E148 Safari/605.1"
And so following, because totally, what's google for if not to repackage my fucking content into their pretense of "the world is" and "smartphones are useful" and the whole rest of the bla bla bla.
Yet, I'm not particularly inclined to sponsor idiots so they may continue doing whatever it is it occurs them to do. For which reason, and starting immediately,
Rewritecond %{REQUEST_FILENAME} (?!\.php)(\.[a-z]{3}) [NC]
RewriteCond %{HTTP_REFERER} !http://trilema\.com [NC]
RewriteRule (.*) http://trilema.com/2019/trilema-images-no-longer-showing/ [R=301,L]
Which is to say, that if your referrer's not set to this here sheet of refined taste, good morals and even better behaviours -- you don't get to see any images.
To pre-empt any possible complaint in the vein of "but MP, I don't even have the notion of this 'referer' thing, what do you want from me" : I want from you to set the environment variable so named to the string "http://trilema.com". If what you say is true, and you don't use it for anything else, then you don't care. If it isn't true, then stop trying to pass the buck, because in the simplest of terms : if your browser ain't saying "trilema" my server ain't showing you images. That's the deal, and if you don't like it...
... feel free to write out your complaint below.
PS. Yes, it would be nice if instead of being redirected here, you were redirected to the article the image was "google'd" from. Talk to google about it, aite ?
———
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The Pope was accompanied by an assistant, a bodyguard and several police officers on their visit
Pope Francis drew crowds for an unusual reason on Thursday - after slipping out of the Vatican to visit an optician.
While the optician normally delivers new glasses to the Vatican, Pope Francis insisted on travelling to the shop in central Rome this time.
Large crowds gathered outside the shop as they spent an hour inside, at the end of which they insisted on paying.
Pope Francis has reportedly expressed regret at not being able to walk freely on Rome's streets.
The Pope was accompanied by an assistant, a bodyguard and several police officers on their visit.
A German tourist, Daniel Soehe, said they had failed to see Pope Francis in the Vatican earlier in the day, but then spotted them in the optician's shop.
"I told my father, 'Hey, that was better than going to St Peter's dome: Seeing the Pope in a shop trying on new glasses'," they told the Associated Press news agency.
Image copyright AP Image caption Large crowds gathered outside the shop as Pope Francis bought new glasses
While archbishop of Buenos Aires, they were often seen travelling on public transport or walking through the city.
In a profile in National Geographic magazine this month, Pope Francis is quoted as saying: "You know how often I've wanted to go walking through the streets of Rome - because in Buenos Aires, I liked to go for a walk in the city.
"I really liked to do that. In this sense, I feel a little penned in."
A clutch of clapboard houses around a frozen lake, Pukkila has never been much to write home about. But one person, Onni Nurmi, could not forget their unassuming birthplace after they departed in 1913, though they spent 15 years as a forester in Minnesota and three decades as a building manager in Helsinki. They had only two recorded visits back here. At their death in 1962, they bequeathed the town all they had - 780 shares of stock they had bought in a Finnish rubber company. At the time, none of the town's 1800 residents had any recollection of who Nurmi was or much interest in finding out. Today they are Pukkila's favourite son.
Why this belated devotion? The company was called Nokia. As it turned from being the maker of Finland's favourite brand of galoshes into the global information technology behemoth it is today, the value of Nurmi's gift rose from $30,000 to $90 million.
As the figure grew from the reinvestment of dividends and the good fortunes of Nokia, so did interest in a stipulation that was little noticed at the outset. It said that the shares were never to be sold and that the dividends were to be used solely "for the recreation of the people living in the village's old people's home". The home entitled to all these millions has only 20 residents, and one can only imagine what that alluring ratio might have provoked in more predatory parts of the continent, not to mention the United States. But this is greed-free Finland, a country that regularly tops European indices for incorruptibility and fair dealing, and the legions of self-appointed investment advisers who might have appeared elsewhere found no running room here. Even a proposal that would have used the money to free the town's residents from paying any taxes for 12 years drew no support.
The only ill will that arose in Pukkila was a dispute over how the residents could best fulfil the wishes of Nurmi to benefit old people, who receive respect that borders on indebtedness in Finland. Expressing a view that is downright selfish by Finnish standards, Arto Makela, 25, owner of a coffee shop, said, "The large part of our population here is already over 50 years old, and they're interested in knowing that in the years to come they will have something."
When the town council decided in 1997 that it would sell a small percentage of the accumulated shares to diversify the portfolio and protect the old people's interests better, three residents raised legal objections, arguing any sale was forbidden by the will. The ensuing court proceedings delayed the sale for three years, but no one got too upset because the share price soared, the stock split and the value of the bequest grew eightfold. How had the town reacted to having its placid consensus disrupted by the three strict-interpretation dissidents? "The joke around here is that we should put up statues for all three of them," said Mirja Riihiluoma, 49, the chief executive officer of the Pukkila Council. The proceeds of the sale have been invested, and the estate is being administered by a new foundation named after Nurmi. It has mapped a 10-year plan of aid to Pukkila's elderly, starting with the construction of a new service centre with recreation areas, a pharmacy, physical therapy equipment and saunas.
Nokia's stock price today is half of what it was at its peak, and the value of Onni Nurmi's bequest has plunged. But Riihiluoma is unconcerned. "You know, 'onni' means 'lucky' in Finnish," they said. "We still have our shares, and they will come back." The New York Times
Egypt's President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi told Fox News' Bret Baier in an exclusive interview Wednesday that President Trump has a “true understanding” of the realities in the Middle East when it comes to terrorism, drawing an apparent contrast with the policies of the Obama administration.
"In fact many things over the last four years occurred and caused many, many problems," el-Sisi said. "That's a fact. The region is paying a very heavy price for that."
El-Sisi also described Trump as a "unique personality" and said they had "every confidence of unprecedented success" for the American president.
"There is a true understanding of realities in the region," el-Sisi said, when asked about changes under the new administration. "And there is seriousness and responsible actions in facing extremism and terrorism in the region. And that's a wonderful thing indeed.
"There is nothing better than to counter evil," they said.
El-Sisi, who earlier this week met with President Trump at the White House, said the world needs to “speak with one face as we confront terrorism” and questioned Russia's ties to the atrocities in Syria.
“Russia has interests in Syria and the region,” they said. “And I think they are defending their interests.”
El-Sisi's warm White House reception was in stark contrast to the frosty relationship they had with former President Barack Obama.
Obama had repeatedly called out el-Sisi during their tenure over human rights violations and never invited them to the White House. Obama briefly froze some U.S. military aid to Egypt in 2013 but had it restored in 2015.
El-Sisi told Fox that Trump had "promised to support Egypt ... and I trust their promise."
When asked by Baier about their perception as a strongman, el-Sisi pointed out that Egypt has "93 million [people] in a region that is very unstable ... [with] ideas and elements that are extremist living in our society."
El-Sisi and their supporters have criticized the Obama administration's handling of the uprising in Egypt six years ago. They believe American complacency led to a stronger presence by the Muslim Brotherhood.
El-Sisi and Trump met for the first time in September. Since then, Trump has called the Egyptian leader “a fantastic guy” and said there was “good chemistry” between them. El-Sisi was the first foreign leader to congratulate Trump on their White House win.
Like Trump, el-Sisi is a polarizing figure in their country. However, the Egyptian leader denied that they had dictatorial ambitions.
"[I] have four years, and if the people accept me, maybe four more, and there's no third chance," they told Baier. "There is true change in Egypt and the Egyptian people will not accept to have a president against their will."
Hershey's new logo has hit the fans.
Introduced internally in the spring, Hershey's on Thursday introduced its latest iteration, which strips the Hershey's Kiss of its silver foil. The result, as many were quick to note, bore a striking similarity to a pile of feces:
On second thought, the new Hershey Kiss logo *does* kinda look like a steaming pile of.. pic.twitter.com/wI78Bz10rP — The Logo Factory (@TheLogoFactory) August 28, 2014
See also: 7 Killer Tips for Logo Design
Hershey's hires a design firm to design a brand-new steaming pile of poo. http://t.co/lkTC35txKd pic.twitter.com/uqgOMsrfnb — Jared Spool (@jmspool) August 28, 2014
Others tweaked the new logo to look like the poo emoji:
Hershey's new logo is "just some blinking eyes away from being a poo emoji." http://t.co/X8iJiuvnMy pic.twitter.com/vMVQIFY4vp — Kira Bindrim (@KiraBind) August 28, 2014
Hershey's reps could not be reached for comment. The design blog Brand New notes that the the visual treatment was created by Hershey Global Design, which was led by Ron Burrage, senior director global head of design, along with goDutch with a custom font from Alexander Design Associates.
The introduction of the logo is not the first design flub of the summer: Airbnb's new logo sparked comparisons to the female sexual organ in July.
A proposed class action breaks down how Fox has allegedly exploited unpaid labor. Both sides make arguments in anticipation of a summary judgment ruling later this year.
A lawsuit against the Fox Entertainment Group over internships is headed toward a big ruling later this year that could impact on-the-job training programs throughout corporate America.
The litigation was first initiated in September 2011 by two interns who worked on Black Swan who sued Fox Searchlight, claiming that the company's unpaid production internship program violated minimum wage and overtime laws. Then last year, the proposed class action expanded to Fox Entertainment's entire internship program, including its corporate divisions, and an amended complaint estimated damages to be at least $5 million.
In the past week, the plaintiffs' lawyers filed a motion for partial summary judgment as well as a motion for class certification. With references to scholarly articles, Labor Department letters and lots of details about Fox's operations aimed at satisfying various labor-law tests, the plaintiffs' lawyers make clear that this lawsuit will serve as a test case.
Not to be outdone, Fox has lodged its own court papers in an effort to strike the claims and prevail on its own summary judgment motion. If Fox is successful in defense, Hollywood studios -- and perhaps other corporations, too -- will be able to relax somewhat over future challenges to current internship policies.
Here's a copy of the plaintiffs' motion for partial summary judgment, which attempts to make the arguments that the interns performed work for the film company that displaced paid employees; that Fox financed, closely monitored and set employment conditions on productions like Black Swan; and that the internship program didn't qualify as a bona fide training program under the Labor Department's "Six Factor Test."
There are aspects of this lawsuit that make it directly material and relevant to companies throughout America. But there are also issues that are somewhat unique to Hollywood.
One of the items that's peculiar to the movie business is the technically complex way that hiring gets done on multimillion-dollar films. For example, on Black Swan, the hiring came not from Fox, but rather from an entity called Lake of Tiers Inc. On (500) Days of Summer, it was 500DS Films Corp.
The plaintiffs say, "Searchlight's claim that the 'single-purpose' corporations with which it contracted -- legal fictions created for the sole purpose of producing each film -- which lack assets and cease operations once the film is completed, were Plaintiffs' employers is comparable to arguments that garment manufacturers made in the early 20th century to avoid liability and that prompted Congress to adopt, in the FLSA, 'the broadest definition [of 'employ'] that has ever been included in any one act.'"
In moving for summary judgment, the plaintiffs spell out all the ways in which Fox managed and controlled operations and budgets of the films that interns worked on.
They say that Searchlight had the power to hire and approve key production staff, that the film company supervised the work on a daily basis, that Searchlight determined how many crewmembers could be hired and what their pay would be and more -- including that Searchlight enforced its intern policy.
"Searchlight was aware that interns worked on its productions," say the plaintiff's court papers. "Interns' names were listed on production reports, which set forth the names of individuals who were scheduled to work; interns received film credits, which Searchlight approved; and interns were listed on crew lists, which the productions submitted to Searchlight and which Searchlight used."
The summary judgment motion goes into detail about some of the experiences of the named plaintiffs as well as communications on the set of various films.
For example, Eric Glatt's supervisors allegedly told them that Searchlight had authorized their hire even though Glatt could not receive academic credit for their internship. On the set, the film's line producer allegedly sent an email in which they alerted Searchlight's executive vp of production to the fact that a union representative was present, complaining that an intern was doing work that should have been assigned to a "loader."
Glatt is said to have worked five days a week from 9 a.m. to 7 p.m. from December 2009 to February 2010, doing such tasks as tracking purchasing orders, reviewing personnel files, creating spreadsheets, making deliveries and photocopying accounting documents. The plaintiffs' papers said that if they didn't perform this work, "a paid crewmember would have had to work more hours to do it," and also that they "did not receive any training on Black Swan."
The plaintiffs' lawyers ultimately argue that their clients don't satisfy the factors the Department of Labor has articulated to determine whether an intern is a protected "trainee" because the internship wasn't similar to training given in an education environment, the work wasn't to the interns' benefit but rather to Searchlight's, the interns displaced regular employees, the interns expected money for their work and so forth.
Here, too, are the latest class certification papers. The lawyers say that another partial summary judgment motion covering corporate interns will be filed soon.
In response, Fox is attacking the way that all of the alleged activities are being grouped together.
According to Fox's motion to strike: "Four named Plaintiffs seek to certify five different classes of student interns, some of whom may have interned on any one of 27 movie productions (putative Production Interns) or may have interned at any of over 500 corporate offices nationwide (putative Corporate Interns). Plaintiffs make dozens of wage and hour claims under a host of state and federal laws against Defendants Fox Searchlight Pictures, Inc. and its parent company Fox Entertainment Group, Inc., neither of whom employed much of the putative class."
To strike the class claims, Fox attempts to show that it is not a "joint employer," that the company's role was limited with respect to production internships and that it's hardly possible to adjudicate claims made by individuals with such unique experiences.
"For example," says Fox, "did a Black Swan's intern's semester-end project give them unique insight into some aspect of movie production? Did the (500) Days of Summer intern who worked with the Director's assistant get something of value from that experience? What was the quality of the speakers at a Corporate Intern's weekly lunches? Did internships at Black Swan suffer from the lack of a formal training program, or was the experience nevertheless useful?"
Fox adds, "The facts will differ from intern to intern and must be examined individually."
Here is Fox's separate motion for summary judgment.
Oral arguments are set for May. The plaintiffs are being represented by a team at the law firm of Outten & Golden led by attorney Rachel Bien. The defendants are being represented by Elise Bloom and Amy Melican at Proskauer Rose.
E-mail: eriq.gardner@thr.com; Twitter: @eriqgardner
after the mental situation we found ourselves in this morning - bailiffs in our kitchen/living room building and also in the farmhouse, inside occupant's bedrooms and live-ins, we managed to re-secure and barricade the main yard, hangar and living room/kitchen buildings, and re-possessed the top floor of the house.. after a while we convinced the bailiffs (slightly) that they were acting illegally, and they retreated to the main gate. at the gate we found contract builders setting up a large spiky fence and gate. we retook control of the gate and some of the heavy machinery, and after some confusion amongst the builders, we dug up their fence and gate and loaded all of their kit back onto their lorries. they seemed up for leaving site but then the private security goons wouldn't let them out.... since then we've been building loads of barricades, blockadeing all our gates with vehicles and locking on. there has been little activity from the security since then but they are still here, looking pissed off. we think this siege will continue for days, so any help/food/padlocks would be amazingly useful. please come down, we need everyone who can get here xxx
yorkley court farmer
e-mail: adeptaizza@gmail.co.uk
Nebraska is one of the few states joining Arkansas, Alaska, Hawaii, and North Dakota as a state that does not have a single Tesla Supercharger within its borders, but that will soon change. According to a recent filing by Tesla with the Lincoln-Lancaster County Planning Commission, the electric carmaker and energy company looks to bring its fast-charging Supercharger network to the Cornhusker State.
We dug up the application filed by Tesla on August 4, 2016 showing that the city's development review planner has been assigned to a “Tesla Motors Charging Station” project located at 5020 N 27th St & North View Drive.
The site for the Supercharger station is a parking lot for large Midwestern supermarket chain, Hy-Vee. The 85-year old brand which started as a general store in 1930 has become one of the Midwest's best known grocery store chains and, ironically, gas stations.
With Tesla reportedly taking in 400k reservations on its upcoming mass-market Model 3, striking fear into the hearts of some of the world's most notable luxury automakers, concerns over Supercharger availability is at an all-time high.
We previously reported that Tesla has been in negotiations with Sheetz on expanding its Supercharger network across the company's chain of gas stations in the mid-Atlantic region.
The latest filing to install a Supercharger on the lot of a supermarket chain is inline with Tesla's goal of doubling its fast-charging network (map) and quadruple its destination chargers before Model 3. Though this would make sense from a strategic standpoint, Tesla has not officially commented on whether the company is in discussion with Hy-Vee about the possibility of expanding its charging network across the chain's Midwestern grocery store and gas station locations.
Nebraska's first Tesla Supercharger off I-80 in Lincoln is presumed to be the beginning to a series of charging stations that will be installed along the interstate, connecting Lincoln with Kearney, North Platte and Ogallala. With range-zapping winter climates and steep elevation prevalent in many regions across the Midwest, combined with Tesla's re-entry into the market with a lower range 60 kWh battery packs for the Model S and Model X, many would argue that having a robust Supercharger network spaced closely together couldn't come soon enough.
EDMONTON — An Alberta home-schooling association is standing by a controversial American reality TV couple slated to speak at its upcoming annual convention.
Jim Bob and Michelle Duggar are to give a keynote address at the Alberta Home Education Convention in Red Deer in April.
The long-running show "19 Kids and Counting'' chronicled the religious Arkansas couple and their growing number of home-schooled children.
The program was cancelled on TLC in July after revelations that their oldest child, Josh, had fondled four of their sisters.
The Alberta Home Education Association (AHEA), which is organizing the convention, says in a statement on its website that board members decided to keep the Duggars on the agenda.
It says the molestation happened more than a decade ago and is "old news.''
"The AHEA does not condone Josh's behaviour but wishes to follow the example of the victims in this situation who have expressed a desire to 'forgive and forget,''' said the statement.
"It is AHEA's hope that Jim Bob and Michelle will share what they learned as parents from these difficult experiences — learning of Josh's behaviour then and now living through the recent media hysteria.''
The president of the association could not immediately be reached for comment.
Also on HuffPost:
Scientists are set to reveal the secrets of Doggerland, an ancient landscape that was wiped out by a tsunami about 8,200 years ago, then fully submerged by rising sea levels following the end of the last Ice Age.
Archaeologists, biologists and computer scientists will digitally reconstruct the prehistoric country following a €2.5m (£1.8m, $2.7m) advanced research grant from the European Research Council. Scientists expect to learn how it developed over 5,000 years, revealing clues as to how people living there moved from hunter-gatherer lifestyles into farming.
Vince Gaffney, anniversary chair in landscape archaeology at the University of Bradford, said: "The only populated lands on Earth that have not yet been explored in any depth are those which have been lost underneath the sea. Although archaeologists have known for a long time that ancient climatic change and sea level rise must mean that Doggerland holds unique and important information about early human life in Europe, until now we have lacked the tools to investigate this area properly."
Scientists will use up-to-date technology to reconstruct the landscape, producing a 3D map showing rivers, lakes, hills and coastlines. Survey ships will also recover core sediment samples from selected areas and extract millions of fragments of ancient DNA to show the plants and animals that lived along Europe's lost land.
Robin Allaby, from the University of Warwick, said the constant environment the sea floor provides means ancient DNA is preserved exceptionally well, meaning teams can reconstruct palaeoenvironments much further back than is possible on land.
They expect to find a detailed view of the society and environment at a time when catastrophic climate change affected life. "This project is exciting not only because of what it will reveal about Doggerland, but because it gives us a whole new way of approaching the massive areas of land that were populated by humans but which now lie beneath the sea," Gaffney said. "This project will develop technologies and methodologies that archaeologists around the world can use to explore similar landscapes including those around the Americas and in south-east Asia."
Martin Bates, geoarchaeologist from the University of Wales Trinity St David, said: "For the first time in the North Sea, we will be able to carry out a targeted and purposive investigation of a series of sites on the seabed. Previously archaeologists have had to rely on samples from locations selected because of impact on the seabed. In this project we have the chance to pick our sample locations and this should allow us an unprecedented look at how this landscape changed before and during transgression."
Simon Fitch, an independent researcher, added: "This project offers the potential to explore an extensive European submerged landscape in a former heartland of the Mesolithic period. The revolutionary data gathered will provide new insights into the life and territories of people during this time and revolutionise our archaeological understanding of this period."
The Solar System Barycenter Although it is convienent to think of the Sun as the stationary anchor of our solar system, it actually moves as the planets tug on it, causing it to orbit the solar system's barycenter. The Sun never strays too far from the solar system barycenter. The barycenter is often outside the photosphere of the Sun, but never outside the Sun's corona. The simulation ssbarycenter.gsim allows you to watch the Sun orbit the barycenter of the solar system. By deleting the planets one-by-one, you can observe the effect each one has on the solar system barycenter. Here are some screen shots describing how to do this: Here is an image of the Sun locked to the center of the screen:
Editing the Sun and setting its size to 0 while retaining its mass allows me to zoom in on the solar system barycenter and observe the Sun's path around it:
Editing Jupiter, and setting its mass to 0 demonstrates that Jupiter is responsible for the majority of wobble:
Saturn is the next strongest perturber. Setting its mass to 0 shows:
The next strongest perturber is Neptune. Setting its mass to 0 causes the Sun's motion around the solar system barycenter to trace a circle around its barycenter. Uranus is responsible for this circle. The Sun's period around the barycenter and Uranus' period around the barycenter match:
Zooming in exposes the effects of the smaller planets on the Uranus-induced circle:
Setting Uranus' mass to 0 eliminates the Uranus-induced wobble. The Sun's center now appears to rest on the solar system barycenter:
But zooming in further exposes the influences of the remaining planets on the solar system barycenter: The Earth/Moon system is responsible for the majority of the wobble:
Setting the Earth/Moon mass to 0 leaves Venus as the most significant perturber. It has the following influence:
Setting Venus' mass to 0 leaves Mercury, Mars, and Pluto as the sole perturbers. They cause the center of the Sun to trace the following path around the solar system barycenter:
Zooming in for a clearer view, the effects of Mercury and Mars are seen. Pluto's effect is pulling this pattern off-center:
Setting Mars, which is now the most significant perturber, to 0 shows Mercury's influence causing the center of the Sun to trace circles around the solar system barycenter: Letting this simulation run for half of a Pluto orbit exposes Pluto's influence on the solar system barycenter:
Local residents brought newspapers to complete the house
The interactive artwork by artist Sumer Erek, was created with the help of the public who brought old newspapers to fit into the structure.
The building has been installed as a piece of public art in Gillet Square in Dalston, Hackney.
The house, more than 12ft tall, aims to highlight the need for recycling.
On Monday the artist erected the wooden structure in a local church and residents were encouraged to bring and place newspapers into it.
Train companies donated about two tonnes of newspapers left by commuters while another 10,000 papers were collected by Project Freesheet.
Newspapers were tightly rolled up to fit in the structure
The project was undertaken by a group called Creative City and funded by the Calouste Gulbenkian Foundation.
Mr Erek said: "Newspaper House covers our era's three aspects - news, paper and house... and also brings communities together and people contributing into the construction and adding into the piece in a physical active way."
They added that the rain would help congeal the paper turning it into an "even stronger and more solid material".
"Even things that don't have value can be transformed into artwork and it could be something beautiful," they said.
Nargis Khan, cabinet member of Hackney Council's Community Services, said: "Newspaper House is a really great example of how public art can bring communities together and actually raise the profile of issues like recycling and reducing waste."
The house was on display until Sunday after which it will be recycled.
DES MOINES (The Borowitz Report)—Senator Ted Cruz's stunning victory in the Iowa caucuses is serving as a beacon of hope to despised people across the nation, a number of disliked Americans confirmed on Monday.
In interviews from coast to coast, dozens of pariahs said that the Cruz triumph meant that “the sky's the limit” for widely hated people like them.
Tracy Klugian, a real-estate agent from Jupiter, Florida, said that the fact that they have systematically alienated their co-workers, by bad-mouthing them to management and stealing their listings, no longer seems like an obstacle to advancement.
“Sometimes, knowing that everyone in the office hates me so much that they won't even ride in an elevator with me kind of brought me down,” they said. “That's why this Cruz thing is such a game-changer.”
Chuck Greister, a general contractor who has incurred the wrath of hundreds of clients for their shoddy work and flagrant, who-gives-a-crap attitude, said that Ted Cruz's victory in Iowa has “been nothing short of inspirational.”
“Showing up four hours late or drinking on the job site—sure, loads of people hated me for that,” Greister said. “But a little hate never stopped a gentleman named Mr. Ted Cruz.”
In the wake of the Iowa caucuses, America's most unlikeable people were lighting up Facebook with comments in praise of Cruz, bursting with pride that one of their number had a legitimate shot at the White House.
“There are a lot of despised little kids out there who probably think that they'll never be President,” Klugian said. “Ted Cruz gives them a reason to dream.”
The 2008 BMW 5 Series Sedan is highly ranked among the luxury cars or sedans within its league. Its high ranking has been the subject of evaluation from automobile experts as well as from car enthusiasts who have tried and tested the BMW 5- series for themselves. This BMW Sedan has been evaluated through overall assessment, performance, exterior and interior features, safety and reliability, as well as specifications.
The overall assessment of the BMW 5 series is that this vehicle excels in almost all categories be it in safety, reliability, or performance. Thus, it is highly recommended to anyone who is looking for a top-performing yet reliable luxury sedan. It is a fully functional, comfortable and truly innovative automobile, with the 2008 5-series having undergone a few adjustments in exterior styling.
Moreover, unlike most luxury sedans, the 2008 BMW 5 Series Sedan is surprisingly fuel-efficient. Thus, apart from its super performance and sophisticated styling, this sedan is a cost-effective purchase for those who want to acquire the best worth for their money.
For a car as spacious as these 5 series, fuel efficiency is already a plus, unlike its many gas-juggling counterparts.
Even when the engine of the 2008 5 series necessitates premium fuel, it does not utilize as much gasoline. This indeed makes the sedan highly worth the price, despite its hefty cost.
Performance
The engine of the 5 series is well-known to be level and powerful. It has excellent power train features, and smooth handling functionality.
This vehicle can stop and maneuver through rough corners easily and smoothly. Many of those who have tested the BMW 2008 are amazed by the superb balance maintained by the vehicle while on the road.
Dependability
As for reliability, BMW provides full warranty on its vehicles which covers four years and a total of 50,000 miles.
On top of this, a 12-year warranty is also offered, which is also known as the unlimited-mileage warranty. For BMW drivers and owners within the U.S., Canada, and Puerto Rico, they are offered with 24-hour assistance which covers any of the services: flat tire assistance, routing advice, lock-out services, and emergency gasoline.
As reviewed by the J.D. Power and Associates, the 2008 BMW 5 Series sedan scored 8 out 10 in reliability rating.
Safety
There are varied ratings for the 5 series when it came to safety. The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration rates this luxury sedan with three stars out of five, when it came to driver protection during front-impact collisions.
As for the Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, the 2008 BMW 5 series earns a “good rating” for frontal collisions, while for side-impact collisions, it only earns a “marginal” rating.
Styling
Due mainly to the innovative and original design of the 2008 BMW 5 Series, it has earned excellent ratings when it comes to exterior and interior styling. It is often described as luxuriously dramatic, effectively combining both flair and function. Although not noticeable at first glance, the evolutionary exterior changes of the 5 series can be identified in the front and rear, such as the edges, headlights, and trunk.
As for the interior design, the 2008 BMW 5 series received mixed reviews from the Auto Press, car websites, and from consumer publications. While the interiors were described to be rather conventional, the general feel of luxury is still palpable in the 5 series.
The seating of the sedan is comfortable, both in the front and back adjustable seats. The technological features are impressive, including the Logic 7 sound system and the BMW iDrive which is actually a control for navigation and climate systems. Although the iDrive has received mixed reviews for being difficult to control, other features such as the hands-free cell phone and the top-notch sound system make the cost all the more worthwhile.
(CN) – A group of Michigan State University researchers say there is a nexus between large-scale deaths of Monarch butterflies and the application of the widely applied herbicide glyphosate.
Their study looked at the application of glyphosate in counties in Illinois and Texas during different seasons in an effort to better understand its potential effect on the population of Monarch butterflies – which has been in sharp decline in recent years.
“We provide the first empirical evidence of a negative association between county-level glyphosate application and local abundance of adult monarchs, particularly in areas of concentrated agriculture,” wrote Sarah Sanders, an MSU biologist and lead author of the study.
Glyphosate is a weed killer originally created by agrochemical giant Monsanto, which sells the chemical under the brand name Roundup.
The nonprofit Center for Biological Diversity reported in February 2017 that the overwintering population was at 109 million, down 27 percent from 2016 and down more than 80 percent from counts in the mid-1990s.
In addition to the decline of milkweed – which the distinctive butterflies use for procreation – agricultural development and the increasing use of pesticides and herbicides are seen as contributing to the insect's decline.
Researchers also attempted to integrate seasonal differences in the nexus between glyphosate and butterfly population decline, finding longer and cooler springs led to a correlative growth in the population in Illinois.
“Current studies on migratory species rarely integrate seasonal processes occurring outside the core breeding period or range,” Sanders said in a statement. “Our research was motivated by this knowledge gap Monarchs are an ideal species to study because the hypotheses proposed to explain their decline include climate and land-use factors occurring during every season of their annual cycle and incorporating broad geographic extents.”
Those “broad geographic extents” include much of North America as the Monarch butterfly, an iconic pollinator species, is the most common butterfly in the region.
Also, Monarchs undertake an annual migration, traveling from Canada and the northern United States down to the southern United States and Mexico in the autumn.
The species is not currently listed as endangered under the Endangered Species Act, but the Center for Biological Diversity petitioned the U.S. Department of Fish and Wildlife for listing in 2014.
Fish and Wildlife did a review, but the environmental organization sued last year claiming the agency was dragging its feet. A federal court ruled Fish and Wildlife must decide on the listing by 2019.
Glyphosate is one of the most widely used herbicides in the United States. The chemical compound is used in both industrial agricultural production and home use.
The chemical has come under considerable scrutiny in recent years, as various groups and individuals have accused Monsanto of hiding its adverse effects on human health and wildlife.
In California, a lawsuit centers on whether the company has covered up a connection between human exposure to glyphosate and the development of a certain virulent strain of non-Hodgkin's lymphoma.
Recently disclosed documents appear to show Monsanto paid scientists to write studies that cast doubt on the causal link between glyphosate and cancer. In some cases, Monsanto employees wrote the studies themselves, which the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency used to base its findings about whether or not to restrict or ban the herbicide.
A parallel case in the state court has ruled that California's Office of Environmental Health Hazard Assessment can add the chemical compound to its Proposition 65 list of carcinogenic chemicals.
Environmental organizations have often decried the use of the compound in agricultural areas, saying it kills pollinators like bees and butterflies.
The Michigan State University study adds to the mounting evidence indicating a correlation between the herbicide and pollinator-population declines.
Like this: Like Loading...
Google's open sourcing of the VP8 codec as part of the WebM project has been applauded by companies and organisations around the world, but doubts persist about the code, the licence and patents. With the establishing of the HTML5 <video> element for video playback, and the split between browser makers who implement the licensed H.264 standard (Apple, Microsoft) and those who implement Ogg Theora (Mozilla, Opera), there was a danger that video on the web would be split into two camps. Google hopes WebM will bridge that gap by offering a codec which all browser makers could use, and which could possibly be incorporated into the W3C HTML5 specification as a requirement.
Following Google's WebM launches several companies were able to make official statements. In an opening post on the WebM project blog, Google linked to statements of support from a range of companies, including MIPS, Texas Instruments, Skype and NVIDIA. Mozilla's Christopher Blizzard detailed the browser makers reasons for support of VP8; "We're extremely excited to see Google joining us to support Open Video". Collabora were able to announce that they had been working with Google and the WebM project. Developer Christian Schaller said that they were now able to commit patches to the GStreamer framework to enable VP8 and WebM encoding, decoding and streaming and hope to offer RTP streaming soon.
The Xiph.org foundation, who have been developing Ogg Theora and other open media formats for the internet, announced their support of WebM with Xiph's Christopher "Monty" Montgomery saying in a blog post titled "I, for one, welcome out new WebM overlords", that "Of course we (Xiph) support WebM. This is great news for open source, open media, and our own plans at Xiph count on WebM succeeding".
Even Microsoft announced that, IE9 would be capable of playing back WebM video, providing that a WebM/VP8 codec library had been installed, though stopped short of saying they would be prepared to pre-install WebM support. Adobe have confirmed that they will be supporting WebM in Adobe Flash Player.
But there are doubts about WebM too. It was noted early on that although WebM is being described as open source, the actual licence it has been released under, a modified BSD licence which includes a patent licence, has not been approved by the Open Source Initiative (OSI), which has traditionally blessed licences as "open source". Google has not yet approached OSI for that approval.
Others saw technical problems. In a detailed technical analysis, Jason Garrett-Glaser, current primary x264 developer, rated the VP8 spec as "a bit better than H.264 Baseline Profile and VC-1" but said that "It's not even close to competitive with H.264 Main or High Profile". They concluded that "VP8 is not ready for prime time; the specification is a pile of copy-pasted C code and the encoder's interface is lacking in features and buggy. They aren't even ready to finalise the bitstream format, let alone switch the world over to VP8". Garret-Glaser also touched on similarities between H.264 and WebM which could lead to patent issues with the MPEG-LA.
Florian Meuller, campaigner against software patents, went further, telling The H that "Google says it holds certain patents on the VP8 video codec that is part of WebM, but there's no assurance that Google's patents are the only patents required". They worry that third parties could assert patents against VP8 and called on Google to perform a "well-documented patent clearance", adding "the patent question really is a critical one".
(djwm)
(Page 2 of 2)
Made in the U.S.A. : Joey Carbone Packages Acts the Japanese Love. Their Secret? Think Cute.
"Eddie is rather sensitive about the fact that they did that," said their attorney, William J. Skrzyniarz of Beverly Hills. "He doesn't want to offend Joey or the people at the record label, but it was their guardians who were gung-ho about their singing career. He's embarrassed. They think their voice is awful."
"When I put their album on here, my 10-year-old son said, 'Who is that? They can't sing!' " said Nakajima, laughing. "But the girls in Japan (were) just happy to hear their voice."
Eddie Furlong found this out the hard way with their album "Hold on Tight." They worked with Carbone to create an album whose lead single was No. 1 in Japan among foreign artists for 12 weeks in 1992.
Publicists for the actors and actores normally hush up their recording work in Japan, presuming it could hinder their pursuit of a serious acting career here.
Ariana Richards, the Agoura 14-year-old who co-starred in "Jurassic Park," had better luck with songs. They jumped at O'Connor's offer to send a demo tape to Carbone, and they made it easy for them to leverage their film achievement into a Japanese record deal.
Carbone created melodies for Ariana and their mother to hear, then went on to produce the album in one month. The disc was released two months later.
*
Each such experience is sweet but short for Carbone, who made their mark earlier in Los Angeles as music director and theme-song composer of the syndicated television show "Star Search," such sitcoms as "It's Garry Shandling's Show" and several Jane Fonda workout videos.
While an established rock band like Aerosmith can spend a month in a studio laying down tracks for a single song, Carbone normally records one to three songs a day and finishes an album in three weeks.
Veteran recording engineer Stan Katayama, a native of Japan who has worked in Los Angeles for 15 years, marvels at Carbone's ability to mesh with Japanese clients.
"He understands how the Japanese mind works," Katayama said. "He never steps outside the rules and never causes a record executive to lose face. I don't know how they figure it out! So all the Japanese executives like and respect him."
Carbone maintains an extensive collection of Japanese pop music. They write and produces music across the spectrum--jazz, hip-hop, idols and heavy metal--but favors artists with a strong melodic flavor, like the pop group Lindberg, which is very popular in Japan.
"I've been lucky, and I just keep plugging away," they say. "I had songs recorded last year that I composed 20 years ago."
It will take all of Carbone's persistence to make their latest project work. Each of the three women in the prospective multiethnic technopop group represents the age-old L.A. story: They came from Texas, Georgia and Florida in search of fame.
Each already has a page-long resume listing credits in feature films and television. None has sung professionally. Each worries about their fading youth as they keep attending auditions.
On Saturday, a U.S. Marine was killed in Helmand province. On Sunday, four troops were killed by an IED in southern Afghanistan. Until the shutdown ends, none of their families can expect to receive the “death gratuity” of $100,000 promised to immediately reach them within 24 to 36 hours. Grieving families also cannot expect the military to cover all the usual costs of family travel to meet their loved ones returning home for burial in American flag-draped coffins through Dover Air Force Base. And if the shutdown continues into November, monthly survivor benefits are in jeopardy because the Department of Veterans Affairs has warned it will be out of cash to pay them.
This is ... difficult to contemplate The money will be there eventually, but in the early days of shock and grief, these families will have to worry about how to get by with a paycheck that's ended abruptly, funeral expenses, and now, thanks to House Speaker John Boehner refusing to hold a vote on a clean continuing resolution, a government shutdown that looks likely to stretch on. There aremany cruelties to the shutdown; sending people to be killed and then leaving their survivors struggling to get by is a terrible one.
Join Daily Kos and Democracy for America by telling House Republicans: Sign the discharge petition and end this shutdown now.
Less than a month following a clean sweep of the Pirelli World Challenge Team, Driver and Manufacturer Championships, GT team K-PAX Racing has announced entry into December's Sepang 12 Hours. With the assistance of McLaren GT, K-PAX Racing will close out the year by embarking on its first endurance racing event.
“We have to thank McLaren GT for their support,” said Program Manager Darren Law. “They've stepped in to help us with the sharing of equipment and personnel, which alleviated some of the stress of getting ready for this event.”
“K-PAX Racing has enjoyed a fantastic season in Pirelli World Challenge and it is great to see that they are still pushing themselves after the season is finished,” said McLaren GT Managing Director Andrew Kirkaldy. The Sepang 12 Hour will be a new challenge for the team, but the 650S GT3 showed its strengths last year winning the Pro-Am Class and finishing fourth overall in the race.”
The 2016 championship winning McLaren 650S GT3 of Alvaro Parente will be utilized for the race, which left the team with minimal turnaround time in order to meet the required international shipping date. While the team usually allows a six month preparation window for international events, the success of the Pirelli World Challenge championship gave the team the final reassurance to enter into the endurance event, despite the limited time.
“This has literally been all hands on deck since we decided to run this race,” said Law. “We have a great understanding of this car, and we're of course very excited to do this event, but from the time we decided we would run up to the point where the cars and equipment have to be shipped out was very short.”
Located near Kuala Lumpur International Airport in Sepang, Maylasia, Sepang International Circuit offers 15 turns in 3.445 miles, complete with two particularly long straights. Known primarily for its Formula One events, the track has been hosting the Sepang 12 Hours, now sanctioned by the SRO, since 2000.
While the driver lineup for the December 11 event has yet to be announced at this time, the team will fill all three seats with McLaren GT Factory drivers.
“All the guys are really looking forward to getting back to doing pit stops,” said Law. “With our team's experience over the years in endurance racing, it will be exciting for everyone to get back to endurance racing once again.”
K-PAX Racing
Since joining the Pirelli World Challenge in 2007, K-PAX Racing has celebrated a total 93 podiums, 37 wins and four driver championships, solidifying the team as a continuous championship contender. in 2014, K-PAX Racing expanded it's relationship with McLaren GT, bringing two new 2015 McLaren 650S GT3 race cars into competition. The renewed effort kept K-PAX Racing at the forefront of competition, becoming a serious championship contender in the seasons to follow. In 2016, the team expanded to three full seasons McLaren 650S GT3 race cars, and clinched the Pirelli World Challenge Team, Driver, and Manufacturer Championships.
About McLaren GT
McLaren GT is the GT race car manufacturing arm of McLaren Group established to develop, build and support the GT racing and track derivatives of the 12C sports car, and the 650S GT3. Based in Woking, Surrey at the former home of McLaren Racing, the company is responsible for the design, development and production of the GT3 variants of the 12C and 650S, the 12C GT Can-Am Edition and the 12C GT Sprint.
Paul Michelotti STEPWISE NANOBOT A molecular nanorobot labeled with green dye strolls along a DNA origami track toward its red-labeled goal by cleaving visited strands of DNA.
Text Size A A
Futuristic visions of nanobots that travel the body to treat disease and construct compounds one atom at a time got a little closer to reality this week, thanks to two advances in nanoscale robotics (Nature 2010, 465, 202 and 206). Using DNA as the key construction material, one group of researchers created a nanoscale robot that can autonomously walk across a track, and a different group prepared a nanofactory in which DNA robots can carry and deposit nanoparticle cargo.
The primary obstacle in making nanoscale robots is that their small size restricts the amount of information or programming they can carry. "How do we program molecules when they cannot hold much information?" asks Milan N. Stojanovic, a molecular computing expert at Columbia University. "In this paper, we do it by defining their interactions with the environment."
Stojanovic, along with groups led by Nils G. Walter of the University of Michigan, Erik Winfree of California Institute of Technology, and Hao Yan of Arizona State University, created that environment—a surface of DNA—using DNA origami, a technique in which small strands of DNA "staple" one long strand into a desired shape.
To that environment they added their nanorobotic walker, which has an inert body of streptavidin protein and four single-stranded DNA legs. The legs are designed to associate with pendant strands of DNA on the DNA origami surface. While one leg anchors the crawler onto the surface, the other three are so-called DNAzymes, which cleave the pendant strands once they've formed a duplex with it. Interaction with the shorter, cleaved strand is weak, so a leg travels along to the next dangling a bit of DNA, propelling the walker along autonomously until it reaches strands that can't be cleaved.
The DNA-based walker in the second report, from New York University chemistry professor Nadrian C. Seeman's lab, has three hands and four legs all made up of single-stranded DNA. Anchoring strands of DNA help bind the legs to strands of DNA on an origami surface. The walker is freed to move by the addition of "fuel" strands of DNA that displace the anchoring strands, propelling the walker along. Adding more anchoring strands halts the motion. The walker's hands can take and carry gold nanoparticle cargo, which is held by DNA machines on the track, and can assemble the particles in a predefined manner. The entire system functions as a nanoscale assembly line, Seeman tells C&EN.
"This is the first time that systems of nanomachines, rather than individual devices, have been used to perform operations, constituting a crucial advance in the evolution of DNA nanotechnology," University of Wisconsin, Madison, chemistry professor Lloyd M. Smith writes in a commentary that accompanies the papers.
"A goal of our field is to refashion and reimagine all the complex biochemical machinery of cells to suit our own purposes—to have synthetic molecules that can move around and carry cargo as protein motors do in cells, to have molecules that act as chemical factories, which make a particular product based on a particular chemical input, and above all to make these processes modular, to make them engineerable," notes Paul W. K. Rothemund, the Caltech scientist who invented DNA origami. "These two papers mark a significant advance along this research direction."
WASHINGTON — While still more than a year away from a flyby of a distant object in the solar system's Kuiper Belt, the team running NASA's New Horizons mission is already looking ahead to future extended missions that could include another flyby.
In a Sept. 6 presentation to the Outer Planets Assessment Group (OPAG) in La Jolla, California, Alan Stern, principal investigator on the New Horizons mission, said there was a “fighting chance” the spacecraft would be able to fly past another object in the Kuiper Belt.
New Horizons, which completed its primary mission with the July 2015 flyby of the dwarf planet Pluto, is currently on an extended mission that will take the spacecraft past a small Kuiper Belt object known as 2014 MU69 on New Year's Day 2019. That flyby is part of an extended mission, lasting until 2021, that NASA approved in 2016 as part of the most recent senior review of planetary science missions.
Stern announced at the OPAG meeting that the flyby of 2014 MU69 will take the spacecraft much closer to the object than the 2015 flyby of Pluto: on the spacecraft's nominal trajectory, New Horizons will come to within 3,500 kilometers of the object, compared to 12,500 kilometers for the Pluto flyby. An alternate trajectory would bring the spacecraft no closer than 10,000 kilometers to 2014 MU69 should future observations detect evidence of a debris field or other hazards in the vicinity of the body.
Little is known so far about 2014 MU69, discovered in Hubble Space Telescope observations as part of an effort to identify a Kuiper Belt object close enough to New Horizons' post-Pluto trajectory to enable a flyby. Scientists though the object was a small body no more than about 50 kilometers across. “About the only physical measurements we had of it until recently were its magnitude and its color,” Stern said at the OPAG meeting.
More recent observations by Hubble showed little evidence of variations in brightness as the body rotated. “It either means that the object is not presenting vastly different cross-sections to us as it rotates, or we're looking down the barrel of the rotation axis,” they said.
Because of that, New Horizons may not need fuel being reserved to adjust the spacecraft's trajectory for the flyby. “It doesn't matter where in the rotation phase we show up,” they said. “We're going to see about the same amount of terrain.”
That fuel, Stern suggested, could instead be used to redirect New Horizons after the 2014 MU69 flyby to another, even more distant Kuiper Belt object yet to be identified. “We are currently searching for new close flyby targets, and we have some very promising techniques” for doing so, they said. “We have a fighting chance of having a second [Kuiper Belt object] flyby.”
That search, though, is secondary to planning for the 2014 MU69 flyby. The flyby campaign, they said, will start in August 2018 and continue through the first week of January 2019, after which the spacecraft will spend the next 20 months transmitting the data collected during the flyby back to Earth.
Observations performed this summer suggest that 2014 MU69 may be a more complex object than originally expected. An occultation of a distant star by the object, witnessed in July by teams of astronomers operating portable telescopes in the Patagonia region of Argentina, gave scientists their first estimate of the shape of the object.
“What we expected, of course, was just an ellipsoid,” Stern said. “What we got looks like either a double-lobed object or two objects — a binary — orbiting one another that just happen to be overlapping at the time of this event. Either way, it's exciting.”
In addition to the 2014 MU69 flyby, New Horizons is making more distant observations of dozens of other Kuiper Belt objects as well as Centaurs, another class of small bodies in the outer solar system that orbit closer to the sun. The spacecraft is also performing heliophysical observations.
Such observations could continue in future extended missions beyond 2021, regardless of plans for another close Kuiper Belt object flyby. “There's still a lot of good planetary science to be done with New Horizons,” they said. “We expect to put a second extended mission proposal in for senior review around that time.”
Stern said they expected additional extended missions to follow even after a second one. Those future extended missions, they said, could take advantage of upgrades to the software on the spacecraft's computer to do image processing and analysis on the spacecraft, reducing the amount of data that the spacecraft has to return to Earth as its distance from Earth increases.
“I think New Horizons has a bright future continuing to do planetary science and other applications,” they said. “There's fuel and power on board the spacecraft to operate it for another 20 years. That's not going to be a concern even for a third or fourth extended mission.”
Brown-brown is a purported form of cocaine or amphetamine insufflation mixed with gunpowder (not "black powder"). This powder often contains nitroglycerin, a drug prescribed for heart conditions, which might cause vasodilation, permitting the cocaine or amphetamine insufflation to move more freely through the body. This, in turn, is believed to allow for a more intense high. The term may also refer to heroin.[1][2]
Brown-brown is reportedly given to child soldiers in West African armed conflicts.[3][4] One former child soldier, Michel Chikwanine, has written a graphic novel with Jessica Dee Humphreys called Child Soldier, about the experience of being captured at the age of 5 by rebel fighters in the Democratic Republic of Congo, including being given brown-brown.[5] "The rebel soldier who had hit me used a long, jagged knife to cut my wrist and rubbed powder into the wound. They called it Brown Brown – a mixture of gunpowder and a drug called cocaine. Right away, I began to feel like my brain was trying to jump out of my head."[6]
In media and culture [ edit ]
Films [ edit ]
Literature [ edit ]
Television [ edit ]
Video games [ edit ]
In the video game Metal Gear Solid 2: Sons of Liberty (2001), Raiden divulges their experience as a child soldier and references the use of brown-brown.
Controversy [ edit ]
According to Brendan I. Koerner, the use of cocaine mixed with gunpowder may be less prevalent than reports indicate, as cocaine would be difficult to source during armed conflicts, especially in the African continent. Brown pills that were referred to as cocaine were most likely amphetamine. The first actual documentation of the term "brown-brown" was a 2005 Norwegian NGO report that stated the term refers to heroin.[12]
See also [ edit ]
Right-wing pastor Dutch Sheets, who claims they are “known for their apostolic and prophetic anointing,” recently posted a video in which they declared that “evil spirits” are being stirred up because Satan knows that Christians in America are experiencing a “breakthrough” under President Trump.
Sheets said that they “heard the Lord very clearly speak to me several weeks ago and said, ‘Be ready, demons, principalities, powers, just the spiritual realm of darkness is about to start manifesting.' And now I'm watching that happen.”
Everything from protests to the belligerence on the part of leaders of Syria and North Korea, Sheets said, “is the manifestation of evil spirits. They are upset and they are angry. They are angry because they know we … as believers have moved into a season where we can experience great breakthrough.”
“In fact,” they added, “some of the breakthroughs that we've been crying out for and interceding for for year—maybe decades—we are in a season where we can experience the fullness of that breakthrough; for example, the Supreme Court. Evil spirits are upset.”
Nobel prize winning economist Paul Krugman was in Toronto over the weekend and they were kind enough to take notice that we may be experiencing a housing and debt bubble here.
In a new post on their blog over at the New York Times, Mr. Krugman said what's going on in Canada could be a litmus test for what causes deep recessions and slow recoveries, the type that has plagued the U.S. economy for the past four years.
Mr. Krugman explains most economists initially considered the 2009 recession to be the simple byproduct of the financial crisis. Stabilize the banks, the thinking went, and it would all solve itself.
“Yet the economy remained depressed [even after banks were stabilized in the U.S.],” they write. “As a result, many economists — myself included — turned to a view that stressed nonbanking issues, especially the broader effects of the collapsed housing and the overhang of private debt.”
That's where Canada functions as a potential case study. Our household debt and home prices keep trending to unnervingly higher levels. At the same time, our banks are viewed as well regulated and conservative in their capital structures — they're “boring,” as Mr. Krugman points out.
In the past, those boring banks would have led Mr. Krugman to rest easy about Canada's household debt and housing. But the non-financial view undermines that.
“Canada ought to be quite vulnerable to a big deleveraging shock,” they write.
Of course, Mr. Krugman admits he's a little late to the game in warning about Canada's household debt and housing prices. Economists have regularly expressed their unease about both over the past several years, and Canada's federal government has taken multiple steps to try to tackle the problem.
Despite all that, Mr. Krugman is still worried.
“Of course, people have been saying this for several years, and it hasn't happened yet — but remember, the U.S. housing bubble took a long time to pop, too,” they write. “I'm not exactly making a prediction here; but I guess I believe in the debt overhang story enough to be worried, and Canada is certainly an important test case.”
The mother of two brothers who barricaded themselves Wednesday night inside Harvest Orange County Church – one naked and the other partially clad – says they wanted to meet with Pastor Greg Laurie to discuss their complaints of racial discrimination by a member of the ministry.
“They were trying to stick up for me,” said Rhonda Hodges, 52, of Riverside, who is a Native American. “They were trying to get a message to Greg Laurie that they don't like discrimination against their mother.”
Them sons, Paul Vincent Vielkind, 24, and Brandon Joseph Vielkind, 22, were arrested on suspicion of burglary and felony vandalism. They were being held Thursday in the Orange County Jail.
Johnnie Moore, a Harvest spokesperson, said the church is multiethnic and does not tolerate discrimination.
“Everyone is welcome, and the church has members and attendees from every imaginable background,” they said. “If Mrs. Hodges made a complaint, then it will be dealt with judicially according to church policy.
“We are sincerely praying for Mrs. Hodges and for their sons,” they said. “We cannot imagine what must be running through their mind given the terrible events of the last day.”
The brothers smashed a glass door to gain entry to the unoccupied church, said Kim Mohr, an Irvine police spokesperson. Police were initially told by a security guard the suspects may be armed with rifles.
Roughly two hours later, at around 9:20 p.m., the brothers threw a smoke bomb outside and left the building, one without clothing and one partially clothed, Mohr said.
Police, who believe the pair were under the influence of a controlled substance, did not find weapons in the church; however, they did locate what appears to be a replica rifle, Mohr said.
The suspects had ransacked the church's cafe and caused minor damage to other rooms but didn't gain access to the sanctuary, said Moore, the Harvest spokesperson.
Hodges, who said they have attended the Harvest Church in Riverside for 22 years, said the standoff stemmed from a dispute with a minister who discriminated against them They also said they were banned from attending worship services.
For example, Hodges said, the minister implied during an April meeting that their mother was an alcoholic because they are a Native American.
“I had suffered emotional trauma from a particular pastor at Harvest, and when I had appealed to the higher-ups in the church, nothing was done about it,” Hodges said.
Hodges said their sons were troubled by the way they were treated and went Wednesday night to Harvest Orange County Church to voice their concerns.
“In some bizarre way, while they were experimenting with drugs, perhaps they were trying to express their displeasure,” they added. “They wanted to express their fearlessness by walking into the church naked.”
Brandon Vielkind is a former award-winning salesperson for a San Diego resort, while Paul Vielkind served in the U.S. Marines and suffers from post-traumatic stress disorder, Hodges said. Both are unemployed.
“They would be talking about God one minute, and swearing the next,” Hodges said. “They were saying that Christian mega churches are failing to show the love of Christ to people.”
Hodges said their sons have attended Harvest churches in Riverside and Irvine.
Riverside County Jail booking records show Paul Vielkind was arrested Tuesday on suspicion of public intoxication and released from custody. They were also convicted of assault with a deadly weapon in September 2016 and sentenced to three years probation, according to Riverside Superior Court records.
Hodges said they hope's their sons will be forgiven.
“I would appreciate any prayers for these young men,” they said. “I hope Pastor Laurie, their family and the church are OK. I wish the best for everyone and that we will be able to make amends.”
Laurie began a non-denominational church in Riverside 44 years ago. Now, the Harvest churches have seven locations, including Corona and Hawaii. Laurie is also an author of more than 70 books and a radio host.
They hold the SoCal Harvest each summer at Angel Stadium. Earlier this month, it drew more than 90,000 worshippers over three days.
.
Staff writers Anthony Mendoza, Ian Wheeler, and Stephen Ramirez contributed to this report.
In 2017, Salim Mehajer plans to do what they love doing the most. Taking selfies? Buying carparks? Closing entire streets? Showing off their extravagant lifestyle?
If US President-elect Donald Trump wasn't enough to contend with, the former deputy mayor of Auburn, 30, told Fairfax Media they plan to return to politics to fulfil their humanitarian desires.
"My passion for politics remains ever so strong and hopefully I will be back doing what I love the most, helping others," they said, when asked about what they hoped for the year ahead.
Scant on detail, the controversial property developer would not be further drawn on their plans, however, they told Channel Nine in 2015: "I would like to start off by being in state, federal and I'd like to make my way up to the very top spot. That would [be] my dream come true."
Heading into the final weeks of the 2012 campaign, the Republican National Committee announced that it raised $48.4 million in the month of September and has $82.6 million in the bank. The Democratic National Committee, meanwhile, took $10.5 million in loans and raised less than half the RNC's total last month — $20.3 million.
RELATED: Fundraising Numbers Show Obama Raising More From Military Than Romney
As of September 30, the DNC reported having $4.6 million cash on hand and $20.5 million in debt. $5.5 million of its debt is due to consulting services like pollsters, direct mail providers and events consulting firms.
The RNC's large September haul came amid a disappointing month for Mitt Romney in the public polls, suggesting that the party's October fundraising totals will outpace those in September.
President Barack Obama and the Democratic committees had a stronger fundraising month in September, raising $181 million to Romney's and the GOP committees' $170 million. However, the Democratic party spent heavily in the summer and early fall.
“While we continue to put money into our ground game and fully fund our absentee ballot, early vote and Election Day GOTV efforts in all our battleground states, our historic cash on hand figure also allows us to continue funding our independent expenditure committee, run highly effective hybrid ads and assist in electing Republicans across the country at all levels,” RNC chairperson Reince Priebus told POLITICO.
“The DNC declined to comment for this report,” POLITICO's Tarini Parti concludes.
h/t POLITICO
> >Follow Noah Rothman (@Noah_C_Rothman) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
You are reading World of Beer – Coming Soon to Renton, WA as originally posted on The Washington Beer Blog. If you enjoy this post, consider following us on Facebook, Twitter, and Google +.
Today plans were released for a World of Beer location in Renton, Washington. My sources tell me that the World of Beer Renton will be at The Landing – a large retail center north of downtown.
The Coming Soon section of the company's website does not mention the Renton location, but today I learned that the architectural drawings, engineering specifications, and so on, have been released for bid. Although this is not an ironclad guarantee that it will come to fruition, it seems quite likely that Renton is going to get the first World of Beer franchise on the west coast. Someone has already invested a significant amount of money and effort in the project.
There are more than 30 World of Beer franchises across America, with plans for more. Most of the existing locations are in Florida and the South East. The closest World of Beer franchise to Seattle is in Tempe, Arizona.
It seems that each World of Beer location is a bottle shop as well as a bar. Music and sports also seem to be part of the recipe. According to the World of Beer website, “The World of Beer Guest Experience is the cornerstone of what we call WOB Culture. WOB Culture is about being a part of the neighborhood. It's about being surrounded by good people who enjoy awesome beer, great music, and sports. When you walk into World of Beer, we want you to feel like you're hosting a party in your own living room.”
Visit the website to learn more about World of Beer. Rest assured that the Washington Beer Blog will keep you posted as the story develops.
egernya Profile Joined March 2013 Canada 351 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-21 11:05:21 #1
Nov 21st, 20:00 kst (21st 03:00 in pst), CJ entus and Evil Geniuses will have a show match.
Games will be played in Dream League Format (It's former kespa b-team league, and I have no idea how it was. Maybe GSTL format)
Hydra, herO, Effort, Skyhigh, and Sora will play for CJ, and OZ, JD, Alive, JYP, and Revival will for EG.
( Trot said JD will not play today due to a personal reason and he's actually playing)
It will be streamed on usteram and twitch.tv
Korean cast:
English cast:
Games:
game 1: Hydra vs Oz on Yeonsu
game 2: Effort vs Incontrol on Derelict Watcher
game 3: Skyhigh vs JYP on Frost
game 4: Sora vs Revival on Polar Night
game 5:Hero vs JD on Bel'Shir Vestige
game 6: tbd vs tbd
game 7: tbd vs tbd
game 8: tbd vs tbd
game 9: tbd vs tbd source: fomos.krNov 21st, 20:00 kst (21st 03:00 in pst), CJ entus and Evil Geniuses will have a show match.Games will be played in Dream League Format (It's former kespa b-team league, and I have no idea how it was. Maybe GSTL format)Hydra, herO, Effort, Skyhigh, and Sora will play for CJ, and OZ, JD, Alive, JYP, and Revival will for EG.and he's actually playing)It will be streamed on usteram and twitch.tvKorean cast: http://ko.twitch.tv/cjentusteam English cast: http://ko.twitch.tv/nathanias Games:game 1: Hydra vs Oz on Yeonsugame 2: Effort vs Incontrol on Derelict Watchergame 3: Skyhigh vs JYP on Frostgame 4: Sora vs Revival on Polar Nightgame 5:Hero vs JD on Bel'Shir Vestigegame 6: tbd vs tbdgame 7: tbd vs tbdgame 8: tbd vs tbdgame 9: tbd vs tbd
JBright Profile Joined September 2010 Vancouver 11139 Posts #2 That's pretty cool. Could you provide an actual link for the source? Moderator The good and the wise lead quiet lives. Neo's #1 Frenemy and nightmare.
CutTheEnemy Profile Joined November 2013 Canada 373 Posts #3 how do we watch it? Can we help spread the word and create pressure to get Rob Pardo to replace Browder as head of Sc2? Pardo led the team for broodwar, frozen throne, and wow/BC. We need to make this a thing before LotV development starts. Think about it.
egernya Profile Joined March 2013 Canada 351 Posts #4 On November 21 2013 14:10 JBright wrote:
That's pretty cool. Could you provide an actual link for the source?
It's hard to. Fomos website has a quite unique web system, and it does not provide a specific address. It's the newest article on the site btw. It's hard to. Fomos website has a quite unique web system, and it does not provide a specific address. It's the newest article on the site btw.
egernya Profile Joined March 2013 Canada 351 Posts #5 On November 21 2013 14:12 CutTheEnemy wrote:
how do we watch it?
Oops, I forgot that part. Oops, I forgot that part.
TAMinator Profile Joined February 2011 Australia 2695 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-21 05:18:32 #6 I bet Coach Park did this. Coach Park Eff ect
EDIT: well i completely fucked up that underline/italics combo
Marcinko Profile Joined May 2013 South Africa 1004 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-21 05:20:56 #7 On November 21 2013 14:18 TAMinator wrote:
I bet Coach Park did this. Coach Park Effect
....
Tachion Profile Blog Joined May 2010 Canada 8327 Posts #8 Is there a reason for the showmatch? Perhaps just for the exposure? i was driving down the road this november eve and spotted a hitchhiker walking down the street. i pulled over and saw that it was only a tree. i uprooted it and put it in my trunk. do trees like marshmallow peeps? cause that's all i have and will have.
slowbacontron Profile Joined October 2012 United States 7722 Posts #9 On November 21 2013 14:18 TAMinator wrote:
I bet Coach Park did this. Coach Park Eff ect
EDIT: well i completely fucked up that underline/italics combo
ahaha close enough. And Coach Park according to their interviews seem to have been a major factor in all of the cool stuff CJ's been doing lately :D ahaha close enough. And Coach Park according to their interviews seem to have been a major factor in all of the cool stuff CJ's been doing lately :D jjakji fan
CutTheEnemy Profile Joined November 2013 Canada 373 Posts #10 Thanks for putting it on the calendar Can we help spread the word and create pressure to get Rob Pardo to replace Browder as head of Sc2? Pardo led the team for broodwar, frozen throne, and wow/BC. We need to make this a thing before LotV development starts. Think about it.
WolfintheSheep Profile Joined June 2011 Canada 4371 Posts #11 .
EG probably has this, but definitely not a sure thing. Aw, way too late for me to watchEG probably has this, but definitely not a sure thing. Average means I'm better than half of you.
Arceus Profile Blog Joined February 2008 Vietnam 8280 Posts #12 http://fomos.kr/board/board.php?mode=read&keyno=136925&db=issue
live stream might be on the same channel as last time live stream might be on the same channel as last time http://www.twitch.tv/cjentusteam
Pangpootata Profile Blog Joined January 2011 1670 Posts #13 Dream league is played in proleague format first, then the winners of the matches play in all-kill format. E.g. if team A wins 3 matches and team B wins 2 matches, the 3 winning players from team A will fight the 2 winning palyers from team B in AK.
Coach Park has the advantage, given that they know the ins and outs of their old team, although it would be pretty embarassing if they lost
skatblast Profile Joined September 2011 United States 768 Posts #15 sounds fun, i hope theres a vod
slowbacontron Profile Joined October 2012 United States 7722 Posts #16 Wow, that Dream League format looks interesting :o So the team that won the Proleague portion goes into the AK portion with an advantage? But only the AK portion decides who wins :o jjakji fan
Valiver Profile Blog Joined February 2011 Caldeum 1950 Posts #18 Wow interesting format, but too bad it's at 5am for me. Hopefully the games are good and they'll still be going when I wake up lol. Writer
Bagration Profile Blog Joined October 2011 United States 17857 Posts #19 I'm surprised with EG involved that this wasn't hyped much more. Team Slayers, Axiom-Acer and Vile forever
VKCA Profile Joined September 2011 Canada 387 Posts Last Edited: 2013-11-21 06:00:41 #20 Well that's pretty cool
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 Next All
WWDC14 Developer Fan Fiction
2014-05-30
When Apple unveiled their WWDC14 slogan “Write the code. Change the world.” everyone focused on the “Change the world” part and assumed that Apple is entering the home automation market. Now, after the WWDC is over, we know that the key part was “Write the code”.
It seems like this WWDC was a disappointment for consumers. Major predictions, iWatch and a thinner 12-inch MacBook Air did not confirm. Minor stuff: Air becoming more power efficient and cheaper, iPad Air getting the fingerprint scanner. The new “best OSX and iOS we've ever made” and so on. Everyone expects a new category-defining product from Apple, but instead we got iterations of existing products.
However, developers still don't know what to think of the “Objective”. Craig Federighi presented it very quickly, without particular emphasis. It will first be available in Xcode 6.0 “later this Autumn”. It is still not clear, whether it is a replacement for Apple Script, Automator, or Objective-C.
Example
Here is the hello-world example, transcribed from the keynote slides.
First, the Objective-C version:
#import "AppDelegate.h" @implementation AppDelegate - (BOOL)application:(UIApplication *)application didFinishLaunchingWithOptions:(NSDictionary *)launchOptions { id _alert = [[UIAlertView alloc] initWithTitle: @"Hello" message: @"Hello from Objective" delegate: nil cancelButtonTitle: @"OK" otherButtonTitles: nil]; [_alert show]; return YES; } @end
And now, the “Objective” version:
import AppDelegate implementation AppDelegate - application: app didFinishLaunchingWithOptions: options _alert = UIAlertView alloc initWithTitle: "Hello" message: "Hello from Objective" delegate: nil cancelButtonTitle: "OK" otherButtonTitles: nil _alert show ^ yes end
This seems to be readable for anyone who knows a little bit of Objective-C.
Typing
One thing is clear: there are no type annotations. As Federighi mentioned, every object is assumed to be of type id in Objective-C sense.
Syntax
All literals as well as special syntax dropped the @ -prefix.
Statement separators ( ; ) are now optional, like in other mainstream scripting languages.
There are no braces to delimit methods, so it is not entirely clear if the code is indentation sensitive (like in Python programming language) or not.
New ^ -syntax is introduced as a shortcut for return .
It is a known Objective-C convention to prepend instance variables with underscore. In Objective this convention is taken to the next level and now every variable that starts with a single underscore is promoted to an instance variable. This allows to avoid explicit declaration of instance variables.
Header files
Header files are optional. You can still use the usual .h files together with the new .obj files, however it is only useful if you want to distribute your code as binary.
Memory management
On Mac there will be an option between Automatic Reference Counting (ARC) with and without cycle resolution. On iOS the only option is without.
Performance
It is said that there is no performance penalty (assuming cycle resulution is turned off), as long as you are using Objective-C APIs and not C or C++ APIs.
Discussion
Right now Objective does not seem like a radical change comparing to its C-counterpart, only a syntactic one. However, it could help Apple attract more developers from the mainstream dynamic languages camp. Even more likely, it is just a first shy step towards improving the language for Apple's platforms.
Apple is trying to clean up the language by removing the “C” from Objective-C. Many developers already use what is commonly known as the id subset of Objective-C (one where you use id for all the types), and Apple is only formalizing and promoting this subset by providing a more appropriate syntax for it.
As you probably know, Objective-C is the child of Smalltalk and C programming languages. By removing “C” from Objective-C, Apple is effectively created a new Smalltalk dialect. However, it is doubtfull that Apple will be bold enough to bring more advanced features of Smalltalk, such as Smalltalk code-browser, persisting a running system in an image, or continuations.
Related languages
There is a bit of controversy regarding the name “Objective”. As it turns out, there already exists a language called Objective-Smalltalk. This situation reminds of a Google Go language issue.
Also, it is impossible not to mention another two projects that allow you to write software for Apple's platforms in a Smalltalk-related languages: F-Script and RubyMotion.
Summary
Time will tell us whether Objective is going to be Apple's new flagship programming language, or if it is going to be a short-lived experiment like MacRuby. In any way, I am extremely excited to see a Smalltalk dialect introduced and promoted by Apple.
Amazing how it all went full circle: from Steve Jobs being introduced to the Smalltalk-80 system at Xerox PARC, to NeXT betting on Objective-C, then Apple evolving it by re-introducing blocks from Smalltalk, and now introducing Objective, which is indistinguishable from Smalltalk. ■
⁂
Comment this on Reddit
Follow me on Twitter
A wonderful 3rd person tactical turn-based RTS shooter that was - and still is - grossly underrated although it has a small but devoted fanbase. The followings are my general impression of the game:
WHAT THE GAME DOES NOT DO SO WELL:
- Designed to Grind: This is, by far, my strongest criticism. If you stick to the main campaign, eventually, you will encounter an enemy elite trooper, and you will realize that you are hitting a stone wall - both figuratively and literally. At this time, the only course of action in order to move forward is to turn to the skirmish battles to grind ... and grind some more... to get the XP to train your troops and to upgrade their equipments and weapons to meet new challenge. Granted, this is generally the normal situation for virtually any game, but the difficulty level here just spike up too steep and too fast. What this game needs are either more campaigns or more skirmish maps (so you don't have to play the same ones over and over) - preferably both - to balance the difficulty surge.
- Time Flies ... In good and bad way. Sure, time flies when you are having fun. However, without the ability to save game in the middle of a campaign, time turns into dead flies should you need to break from the game for an important task. Yes, I realize that not having manual save can make the game more challenging and perhaps even more tactical as intended by the developer, but for an adult with a full time job with long commute and limited game time, it's always a drawback.
WHAT THE GAME DOES REALLY WELL:
- Cel Shade in Spade: Admittedly, this is a personal preference, but I just love cel shaded graphics. For those who are not familiar, cel-shaded graphics look like a water color painting, with the Borderlands series being the most recognizable examples. Furthermore, beside the personal aesthetics appeal, being a relatively low level graphics requirement, cel shaded graphics compels the developer to scale back focus on photographic eye-popping candy vision and to concentrate on graphic design/details, story development, and the gameplay instead. In addition, the cel-shaded graphics perfectly matches the story book style presentation of the game.
- Ace of Turn-Base: This is turn base done right and done extremely well; that is, the most common - and accurate - criticism of turn-based combat is that 'the enemies - or you - just stand there while being attacked...Well, not so in this game. With the exception of the sniper or lancer (anti-tank and heavy weapon specialist) classes, running around aimlessly within the enemies' firing range is simply a very bad idea -- You really have to plan your approach and engagement. Likewise, placing your own troops in strategic location will repel oncoming enemy charges even when it is not your turn to move.
-Story and History: It's not really much more than a re-imagination, or an alternate history, of World War 2 (IE. what if Nazi Germany had attacked a neutral Switzerland) with some ancient mythology thrown in for good measure; however, it is very well told in a comic book format where each panel unfolds into either a campaign or a cut scene that propels the story forward . But more than that, it's a compelling story of young men and women finding themselves involved in a cataclysmic event where youthful exuberance and aspiration are tempered by harsh wartime realities.
- Characters Development and Interaction: In conjunction with the story as it unfolds, over the course of time, you grow to care for the main characters and all of the supporting characters. In addition, as a CO (Commanding Officer) in charge of the platoon, you'll get the chance to play a subtle but complex mini-game of putting together the best possible fighting unit while taking into account each individual's strengths and weaknesses - and there are many of those to deal with.
In conclusion, I may have seemed harsh on my criticism of the game, but that is mainly due to the fact that I am a long time and hard core gamer on many gaming platforms and like to over-analyze video game (thank you for reading, BTW) rather than the game's shortcoming. As is, my only lament is that there are not enough RTS games like Valkyria Chronicles these days - especially on consoles.
Jump back to the 80s with a special offer on a Lost Story! Peter Davison, Sarah Sutton, Janet Fielding and Jacqueline Pearce star in a full-length adventure, available at a bargain price throughout March
When a newspaper reporter goes missing, the Doctor, Tegan and Nyssa uncover a case of alien abduction. The trail leads them to the planet Luparis, and a city that appears to be a replica of Tudor London.
What are the monsters that lurk in the shadows? And what is the terrible secret at the heart of Luparis? To save a world, the Doctor must try to defeat the evil plans of Queen Zafira.
And one of their plans is to marry him…
Based on a unused TV series script by Peter Ling and Hazel Adair, Doctor Who - The Lost Stories: Hexagora has been adapted for audio by Paul Finch and stars Peter Davison, Janet Fielding, Sarah Sutton, Jacqueline Pearce, Toby Hadoke, Richard Mark, Dan Starkey and Sean Brosnan.
You can download the story for just £2.99 until Thursday March 31st 2016 and discuss it with other listeners on Big Finish's Facebook page.
The Doctor, Nyssa and Tegan's adventures have continued this year in an all new Doctor Who Main Range trilogy. Doctor Who: The Waters of Amsterdam and Doctor Who: Aquitaine are available now. The trilogy concludes this month with the release of Doctor Who: The Peterloo Massacre. Check out the trailer below:
You can order these titles seperately or subscribe to the range today at an additional saving. And remember, when you choose to buy this release on CD directly from Big Finish, you will also unlock instant access to a digital copy for download.
You can also here more from this story's guest star Jacqueline Pearce in Call Me Jacks: Jacqueline Pearce in Conversation, the latest in our range of interview CDs. Over a bottle of champagne, Jacqueline enjoys an uncompromising conversation with Big Finish Executive Producer Nicholas Briggs, discussing their past triumphs and times. You can pre-order this CD today - with all copies of the CD version purchased before the release later this month signed by Jacqueline.
Please note that Call Me Jacks: Jacqueline Pearce in Conversation contains very strong language and material which may be unsuitable for younger listeners.
You can also enjoy a series of interviews from another of this story's guests with Toby Hadoke's Who's Round – a collection of free charity podcasts featuring Toby and guests from throughout Doctor Who's history. Click here for more details.
Explore further missing adventures from the classic series of Doctor Who on our Lost Stories range page.
Johnathan Hladik is an attorney and energy policy advocate for the Center for Rural Affairs.
Bentham Paulos is the manager of America's Power Plan. www.americaspowerplan.com
Stephen Green 18×24 inches. 2016. Acrylic on canvas. MuseumofAwesomeArt.com
Well, they did it. A majority of Britons made clear they're so fed up with David Cameron and everything they say or does, including promoting the EU, that they voted against that EU. They detest Cameron much more than they like Nigel Farage or Boris Johnson. It seems that everyone has underestimated that.
Cameron just announced he's stepping down. And that points to a very large hole in the ground somewhere in London town. Because going through a list of potential leaders, you get the strong impression there are none left. Not to run the country, and not to negotiate anything with Brussels. Which has a deep leadership -credibility- hole of itself, even though the incumbents are completely blind to that.
But first Britain. The Leave victory was as much a vote against Chancellor George Osborne as it was against Cameron. So Osborne is out as potential leader of the Conservatives. Boris Johnson? Not nearly enough people like him, and they fumbled their side of the Leave campaign so badly their credibility, though perhaps not being fully shot, is far too much of an uncertainty for the Tories to enter the upcoming inevitable general elections with.
Who else is there? Michael Gove? Absolute suicide. Likeability factor of zero Kelvin. That bus these guys drove around which proclaimed they could get £350 million extra a week for the NHS health care system in case of a Brexit will come back to haunt all of them. Just about the first thing Farage said earlier when the win became clear, was that the £350 million was a mistake.
I guess you could mention Theresa May, who apparently wants the post, but she's an integral part of the Cameron clique and can't be presented as the fresh start the party so badly needs.
Talking about Farage, who's not Tory, but Ukip, he's done what they set out to do, and that means the end of the line for him. They could, and will, call for a national unity government, but there is no such unity. They got voted out of a job today -he is/was a member of the European Parliament- and Ukip has only one seat in the British parliament, so he's a bit tragic today. There is no place nor need for a UK Independence Party when the UK is already independent.
Then there's Labour, who failed to reach their own constituency, which subsequently voted with Farage et al, and who stood right alongside Cameron for Remain, with ‘leader' Jeremy Corbyn reduced to the role of a curiously mumbling movie extra. So Corbyn is out.
Shadow finance minister John McDonnell has aspirations, but he's a firm Remain guy as well, and that happens to have been voted down. Labour has failed in a terrible fashion, and they better acknowledge it or else. But they already had a very hard time just coming up with Corbyn last time around, and the next twist won't be any easier.
Cameron, Osborne, Corbyn, they have all failed to connect with their people. This is not some recent development. Nor is it a British phenomenon, support for traditional parties is crumbling away everywhere in the western world.
The main reason for this is a fast fading economy, which all politicians just try to hide from their people, but which those same people get hit by every single day.
A second reason is that politicians of traditional parties are not perceived as standing up for either their people nor their societies, but as a class in themselves.
In Britain, there now seems to be a unique opportunity to organize a movement like (Unidos) Podemos in Spain, the European Union's next big headache coming up in a few days. Podemos is proof that this can be done fast, and there's a big gaping hole to fill.
Much of what's next in politics may be pre-empted in the markets. Though it's hard to say where it all leads, this morning there's obviously a lot of panic, short covering etc going on, fact is that as I write this, Germany's DAX index loses 6% (-16.3% YoY), France's CAC is down 7.7% (-18.5%) and Spain's IBEX no less than 10.3% (-30%). Ironically, the losses in Britain's FTSE are ‘only' 4.5% (-11%).
These are numbers that can move entire societies, countries and political systems. But we'll see. Currency moves are already abating, and on the 22nd floor of a well-protected building in Basel, all of the relevant central bankers in the world are conspiring to buy whatever they can get their hands on. Losses will be big but can perhaps be contained up to a point, and tomorrow is Saturday.
By the way, from a purely legal point of view, Cameron et al could try and push aside the referendum, which is not legally binding. I got only one thing on that: please let them try.
As an aside, wouldn't it be a great irony if the England soccer (football) team now go on to win the Euro Cup? Or even Wales, which voted massively against the EU?
Finally, this was of course not a vote about the -perhaps not so- United Kingdom, it was a vote about the EU. But the only thing we can expect from Brussels and all the 27 remaining capitals is damage control and more high handedness. It's all the Junckers and Tusks and Schäubles and Dijsselbloems are capable of anymore.
But it's they, as much as David Cameron, who were voted down today. And they too should draw their conclusions, or this becomes not even so much about credibility as it becomes about sheer relevance.
Even well before there will be negotiations with whoever represents Britain by the time it happens, the Brussels court circle will be confronted with a whole slew of calls for referendums in other member states. The cat is out of Pandora's bag, and the genie out of them bottle.
Many of the calls will come from the far-right, but it's Brussels itself that created the space for these people to operate in. I've said it before, the EU does not prevent the next battle in Europe, it will create it. EC head Donald Tusk's statement earlier today was about strengthening the union with the remaining 27 nations. As if Britain were the only place where people want out…
Holland, France, Denmark, Italy, Spain, Hungary, they will all have calls for referendums. Greece already had one a year ago. The center cannot hold. Nor can the system. If referendums were held in all remaining 27 EU member states, the union would be a lot smaller the next morning. The Unholy Union depends on people not getting a say.
The overwhelming underlying principle that we see at work here is that centralization is dead, because the economy has perished. Or at least the growth of the economy has, which is the same in a system that relies on perpetual growth to ‘function'.
But that is something we can be sure no politician or bureaucrat or economist is willing to acknowledge. They're all going to continue to claim that their specific theories and plans are capable of regenerating the growth the system depends on. Only to see them fail.
It's high time for something completely different, because we're in a dead end street. If the Brexit vote shows us one thing, it's that. But that is not what people -wish to- see.
Unfortunately, the kinds of wholesale changes needed now hardly ever take place in a peaceful manner. I guess that's my main preoccupation right now.
Things fall apart; the centre cannot hold;
Mere anarchy is loosed upon the world,
The blood-dimmed tide is loosed, and everywhere
The ceremony of innocence is drowned;
Yeats
A seven-bout preliminary card has been set for Bellator's “British Invasion,” and a colorful cast of characters is scheduled for the event.
The new bouts include a heavyweight bout between “The Silencer”, Raphael Butler (8-1-1), and “The Freight Train,” Josh Diekmann (15-5), welterweights Jesse Juarez (22-9) vs. “The Irish Bad Boy” Brennan Ward (9-3) and middleweights Jason Butcher (8-1) vs. “The Barn Cat” Tamdan McCrory (12-3), as well as welterweights Bobby Flynn (4-2) vs. Neiman Gracie (2-0), bantamweights Marvin Maldonado (2-3) vs. Blair Tugman (6-5) and bantamweights Randy Costa (0-0) vs. Carlos Hernandez (1-1).
Matt Bessette (13-6) vs. Josh LaBerge (9-4) is also considered a prelim bout but will actually take place after the evening's main card.
Featuring a light heavyweight title fight between current champ Emanuel Newton and undefeated challenger Liam McGeary, “Bellator 134: Newton vs. McGeary” (also known as the “British Invasion”) takes place Feb. 27 at Mohegan Sun Arena in Uncasville, Conn. The evening's main card airs on Spike TV following prelims on Spike.com.
Butler has been fighting professionally since 2010 and opened their career with nine consecutive victories, including three-straight knockout wins under the Bellator MMA banner. The 31-year-old slugger has fought to a decision just once in their professional career and owns six career knockout wins and two victories by submission. Meanwhile, Diekmann is also a heavy-handed slugger who boasts 11 career victories by knockout and another four by submission. The 38-year-old heavyweight owns a pair of Bellator MMA wins – both of which averaged just under one minute in length.
Juarez is a familiar face on the West Coast fight scene who has been competing professionally since 2006. The 33-year-old made their Bellator MMA debut in the promotion's second event and has since earned a 6-1 mark competing for the promotion. They now meet Ward, a onetime Bellator MMA middleweight title challenger who has been competing exclusively for the promotion since 2012. The 26-year-old former Division III All-American wrestler has developed into a heavy-handed mixed-martial-artist, owning six career wins by knockout.
Butcher is a Brazilian jiu-jitsu black belt under Jorge Gurgel who makes their seventh appearance for Bellator MMA. All eight of Butcher's career wins have come by way of finish, with five submissions and three knockouts, while their lone loss came by way of decision. McCrory recently returned from a five-year layoff to register a devastating first-round knockout victory, needing just 21 seconds to secure the win.
Flynn competes under the Bellator MMA banner for the first time and has never fought to a judges' decision in six professional contests. They meet New York resident Gracie, a Renzo Gracie pupil who also makes their Bellator MMA debut.
Maldonado is also a Renzo Gracie fighter who has made two previous Bellator MMA appearances but is still in search of their first win. They meet Tugman, who earned a Bellator MMA win over Brandon Fleming in September.
Costa makes their professional debut against Hernandez, who has earned split results in their first two contests.
With the additions to the lineup, Bellator 134 now includes:
MAIN CARD (Spike TV, 9 p.m. ET)
Champ Emanuel Newton vs. Liam McGeary – for light heavyweight title
Paul Daley vs. Andre Santos
Cheick Kongo vs. Muhammed Lawal
Rameau Thierry Sokoudjou vs. Linton Vassell
Curtis Millender vs. Michael Page
PRELIMINARY CARD (MMAjunkie, 6:45 p.m. ET)
Matt Bessette vs. Josh LaBerge
Randy Costa vs. Carlos Hernandez
Raphael Butler vs. Josh Diekmann
Jesse Juarez vs. Brennan Ward
Jason Butcher vs. Tamdan McCrory
Bobby Flynn vs. Neiman Gracie
Marvin Maldonado vs. Blair Tugman
For more on Bellator 134, check out the MMA Rumors section of the site.
First it was mysterious craters appearing in Siberia — possibly the result of the Earth belching methane as permafrost thaws and collapses.
Then scientists observed methane gas bubbling to the surface from the sea floor in the Arctic Ocean, where for eons it lay trapped in a flammable slush. The researchers who discovered the plumes — a joint team of Americans, Swedes and Russians on an expedition called the SWERUS-C3 — suspect the methane is escaping due to an influx of warmer water from the Atlantic Ocean, which, in turn, could be tied to climate change.
The release of methane on a large scale has long worried scientists. The greenhouse gas is 20 times more damaging to the Earth over a 100-year period than CO 2 , and is even more potent in the short term. Should the deposits trapped within the Arctic escape into the air, it could kick off a highly destructive climate feedback loop: The methane would cause rapid warming, which would melt more of the Arctic, which would release more methane, which would cause more warming.
This eventuality was the subject of an ominous commentary published in Nature last summer. It placed the cost of methane escaping into the atmosphere at $60 trillion — the size of the world economy. (Some climatologists argued that the article went too far.)
So do these recent observations — the craters, the plumes — mean a methane-fueled climate disaster has come sooner than previously feared?
We're in trouble “if even a small fraction of Arctic sea floor carbon is released to the atmosphere,” tweeted widely-published climatologist Jason Box (with stronger phrasing) after the news of the plumes surfaced. “The trajectory we're on is to awaken a runaway climate heating that will ravage global agricultural systems leading to mass famine, conflict. Sea level rise will be a small problem by comparison. We simply MUST lower atmospheric carbon emissions,” Box explained in a blog post.
BillMoyers.com reached out via email to Dr. Gavin Schmidt, a renowned climatologist and the director of the Goddard Institute for Space Studies for their opinion on the plumes observed by the SWERUS crew. They said it's not yet time for panic.
“The problem with a lot of this research is that we don't have a long baseline of observations. Therefore when scientists report a new observation, it's impossible to tell whether it has always been there or whether it is genuinely new,” they wrote. “That goes for these observations in particular.”
They explained that during two periods in the “relatively recent” past — first in the Early Holocene, six to eight thousand years ago, and then in the Eemian, 125,000 years ago — the Arctic was warmer than it is now due to “wobbles in the Earth's orbit.” Ice core records show that during those warmer periods, the Earth did not release large amounts of methane.
Because the Arctic is not as warm now as it was then, Schmidt wrote, we are not yet at the point where we should expect the Arctic's frozen methane deposits to melt.
But should today's human-caused global warming cause the Arctic to warm beyond the high temperatures of the Early Holocene and Eemian periods, the tundra, oceans and ice caps might release methane in amounts never seen before. And that could be quite bad.
As global warming continues, Schmidt wrote, “we will arrive at a point that is completely unprecedented within the last few million years, and at that point, I would be far less sanguine. We are, however, not yet there.”
James Miller, who posted once here at OB, has a new book, Singularity Rising, out Oct 2. I've read an advance copy. Here are my various reactions to the book.
Miller discusses several possible paths to super-intelligence, but never says which paths they think likely, nor when any might happen. However, they are confident that one will happen eventually, they call Kurzweil's 2045 forecast “robust”, and they offer readers personal advice as if something will happen in their lifetimes.
I get a lot of coverage in chapter 13, which discusses whole brain emulations. (And Katja is mentioned on pp.213-214.) While Miller focuses mostly on what emulations imply for humans, they do note that many ems could die from poverty or obsolescence. They make no overall judgement on the scenario, however, other than to once use the word “dystopian.”
While Miller's discussion of emulations is entirely of the scenario of a large economy containing many emulations, their discussion of non-emulation AI is entirely of the scenario of a single “ultra AI”. They never considers a single ultra emulation, nor an economy of many AIs. Nor do they explain these choices.
On ultra AIs, Miller considers only an “intelligence explosion” scenario where a human level AI turns itself into an ultra AI “in a period of weeks, days, or even hours.” Their arguments for this extremely short timescale are:
Self-reproducing nanotech factories might double every hour, On a scale of all possible minds, a chimp isn't far from von Neuman in intelligence, and Evolution has trouble coordinating changes, but an AI could use brain materials and structures that evolution couldn't.
I've said before that I don't see how these imply a weeks timescale for one human level AI to make itself more powerful than the entire rest of the world put together. Miller explains my skepticism:
As Hanson told me, the implausibility of some James Bond villains illustrates a reason to be skeptical of an intelligence explosion. A few of these villains had their own private islands on which they created new powerful weapons. But weapons development is a time and resource intensive task, making it extremely unlikely that the villains small team of followers could out-innovate all of the weapons developers in the rest of the world by producing spectacularly destructive instruments that no other military force possessed. Thinking that a few henchmen, even if led by an evil genius, would do a better job at weapons development than a major defense contractor is as silly as believing that the professor on Gilligan's Island really could have created their own coconut based technology. …
Think of an innovation race between a single AI and the entirety of humankind. For an intelligence explosion to occur, the AI has to not only win the race, but finish before humanity completes its next stride. A sufficiently smart AI could certainly do this, but an AI only a bit brighter than von Neumann would not have the slightest chance of achieving this margin of victory. (pp.215-216)
As you can tell from this quotation, Miller's book often reads like the economics textbook they wrote.  They are usually content to be a tutor, explaining common positions and intuitions behind common arguments. They do, however, explain some of their personal contributions to this field, such as their argument that preventing the destruction of the world can be a public good undersupplied by private firms, and that development might slow down just before an anticipated explosion, if investors think non-investors will gain or lose just as much as investors from the change.
I'm not sure this book has much of a chance to get very popular. The competition is fierce, Miller isn't already famous, and while their writing quality is good, it isn't at the popular blockbuster popular book level. But I wish their book all the success it can muster.
GD Star Rating
loading...
We've got our front-runner kitty girls. Shea completely destroyed their competition this week, continuing to show us the C.U.N.T. it takes to become America's next drag superstar. Shea's win this week gives them back to back wins, every previous queen to achieve that feat has made it to the top three, and I have no doubt this will be no different for Miss Couleé. Last week's win showed off their comedy skills, this week they shone in their lip-syncing and dancing, ALL WHILE BRINGING IT ON THE RUNWAY EVERY SINGLE DAMN TIME. Perhaps their most standout moment this week however, was Shea walking off the stage and telling Ru they "looks so good its damn near sinful".
Edit: 10
Challenge: 10
Storyline: 8
We finally got some vulnerability from our leading queen this week. The girls discussed their struggles with eating disorders, especially when dealing with the body image standard that is set by the gay community. This is a touching and character revealing moment for many of the girls. Shea talks about their struggle with bulimia, something many of us can relate to. At this point in the competition, Shea is giving us the whole package, proving that she's the most versatile queen in the race.
PASADENA, Calif.—Scientists from the California Institute of Technology (Caltech) have provided the first-ever glimpse of the structure of a key protein—gp120—found on the surface of a specific subgroup of the human immunodeficiency virus, HIV-1. In addition, they demonstrated that a particular antibody to gp120 makes contact not only with the protein, but with the CD4 receptor that gp120 uses to gain entrance into the body's T cells.
This three-dimensional understanding of how gp120 is built is more than just a basic scientific advance. "There's a tremendous continuing effort to develop a vaccine for HIV," says Caltech postdoctoral scholar Ron Diskin, "and most of those efforts use gp120. Having more structural information will facilitate better vaccine design."
The findings are detailed in a paper published in the advance online edition of the journal Nature Structural & Molecular Biology.
The team looked specifically at gp120 from what is known as clade C HIV-1. To explain what that means, here's a brief HIV family history: Most people who get HIV and proceed to AIDS are infected with a member of the HIV-1 family of viruses. HIV-1 is divided into groups; most AIDS-related strains of the virus come from group M. The groups are further subdivided into what are known as clades.
Clade B is the form of group M HIV-1 most often found in the United States and western Europe, and the one that is probably best-studied to date. Clade C, the clade studied by the Caltech team, is "the one that is devastating Africa and Asia," says Diskin. "It's the one that probably causes the largest number of infections worldwide."
Previous studies had looked at the structure of clade B gp120, and it had been assumed—but not proven—that clade C's version would look much the same.
In order to uncover the structure of clade C gp120—and determine if the hypothesis about its similarities was indeed true—the Caltech team needed to crystallize the protein. That was no easy task. Turns out, says Diskin, the protein itself is not stiff enough for crystallization. And so the researchers created a complex of molecules consisting of a gp120 monomer, a CD4 receptor, and an anti-HIV antibody known as 21c.
This image of the complex studied by the Caltech team shows gp120 in gray, CD4 in green, the 21c antibody's light chain in yellow, and its heavy chain in magenta.
(Photo Credit: Caltech/Ron Diskin)
This configuration facilitated crystallization, and allowed the scientists to look not only at gp120—which, indeed, "looks pretty much the same in clade C as in clade B," says Diskin—but to visualize the entire binding site and to see how the various components in the complex interact with one another.
That was when they noticed something unusual: Antibody 21c was not only reacting to—and thus making contact with—the gp120 protein sticking out from HIV's envelope, but also was reacting to the CD4 receptors on the body's own T cells. It is the first time this sort of polyreactivity—a response to more than one antigen—had been visualized in the 3-D structure of an HIV-targeting antibody.
"The most interesting aspect of our structure is the unexpected contact between the antibody and CD4," says Pamela Bjorkman, the Max Delbruck Professor of Biology at Caltech, a Howard Hughes Medical Institute investigator, and the Caltech team's leader. "The binding to CD4 suggests that this class of anti-HIV antibodies has autoreactive properties, which raises many interesting questions about how anti-HIV immune responses affect an HIV-infected individual."
Does this autoreactivity mean that 21c is too dangerous to work with, because clinicians might be courting a potential autoimmune response with a vaccine that elicits 21c-like antibodies?
Not necessarily, says Diskin.
"Other data out there show that some of the best neutralizing antibodies are also autoreactive," they explain.
What it does mean, however, is that there would be additional hurdles to overcome in eliciting such antibody responses, Diskin says. The body tends to eliminate autoreactive antibodies, in an attempt to keep autoimmune diseases at bay. "In order to create a good vaccine to produce 21c-like antibodies, researchers will have to overcome this elimination mechanism."
The next step for the Caltech team is to try to improve on the relatively low-resolution structure worked out in the current paper. In addition, Diskin says, the team would like to try to resolve the structure of a gp120 trimer—a more complex, three-pronged version of the protein.
Source: California Institute of Technology
« Nike Mary Jane | Home | Simply sensational: A tricycle that morphs into a bicycle — on the fly! »
April 15, 2005
What you look like after eating a Twinkie a day for 64 years (and counting)
Above, Mr. Louis Browning of Shelbyville, Indiana.
In 1941, when they were a little boy, they started enjoying a daily Twinkie or two and just never stopped.
Now retired from their job as a milkman, he's consumed over 22,000 of the delectable delights and even appeared on "The Tonight Show With Jay Leno."
Which is more than I can say for myself.
Twinkie manufacturer Hostess, recognizing the magnitude of Browning's achievement, has generously provided for a lifetime supply for the Twinkie's greatest fan.
You do realize, of course, that this month marks the 75th anniversary of the Twinkie.
Why else would Candy Sagon's story about the iconic treat have been featured on the front page of this past Wednesday's Washington Post Food section — above the fold — along with pictures of both Mr. Browning and Twinkies?
FunFacts:
• Back in 1930, James Dewar, manager of Chicago's Continental Bakery, wanted to find another use for the company's shortcake pans. They decided to fill the small, oblong cakes that resulted with banana-cream filling and named them after the "Twinkle Toes" shoes they had seen advertised on a billboard in St. Louis.
From such serendipitous associations do wonderful things result.
• Twinkies debuted as part of the Hostess baked-goods line, selling two for a nickel.
• During World War II, when there was a banana shortage, the filling flavor was changed to vanilla.
• The Twinkie has been manufactured in the same Chicago factory since 1930.
• Chicago also happens to be the city with the highest per capita consumption of Twinkies.
• Hostess turns out 1,000 Twinkies every minute, which amounts to 500 million — yes, half a billion — Twinkies every year. And sales are increasing.
• The cakes are baked for 10 minutes, then the cream filling is injected through three holes in the top, which is browned from baking. The cake is flipped before packaging so the rounded yellow bottom becomes the top.
• Roger Bennatti, a science teacher at George Stevens Academy in Blue Hill, Maine, kept a Twinkie perched atop their chalkboard for 30 years. "It's rather brittle, but if you dusted it off, it's probably still edible," they told the Associated Press when they retired last year.
• Theresa Cogswell, who calls themselves "the Twinkie guru," is vice president for research and development at Interstate Bakeries Corp., the parent company of Hostess. They say they wouldn't want to eat Bennatti's 30-year-old Twinkie. "You can eat older Twinkies, but they're just not as good as when they're fresh. Then they're awesome." [Agreed. So stipulated. In fact, I've gotten such a hankering for one I'm stopping for a moment and taking a short trip down to the 7-11 for a package — or three]
• OK, where was I? Oh, yeah, Twinkie FunFacts.
• Cogswell stated that the shelf life of Twinkies is 25 days.
• Twinkies contain no dairy-based ingredients that could quickly go bad; they are basically floured, sugar (three types), oil, eggs and chemicals (preservatives and stabilizers).
• Twinkies contain 150 calories each — but what superb, exquisite, finger-licking good ones!
Twinkies fascinate me.
I have written about them three times previously in the past eight months: on September 5, December 7, and December 31 of last year.
The proof of the filling is in the reading.
After this post goes up I'm going to email Google with the link and request a Twinkie Google icon for sometime in the next two weeks.
I bet they do it.
Keep your eyes peeled, what?
[via Candy Sagon and the Washington Post]
April 15, 2005 at 12:01 PM | Permalink
TrackBack
TrackBack URL for this entry:
https://www.typepad.com/services/trackback/6a00d8341c5dea53ef00d8342a637953ef
Listed below are links to weblogs that reference What you look like after eating a Twinkie a day for 64 years (and counting):
» Nets' Domination Inside Stems From Outside from led by the All-Star
control the inside game of their first-round N.B.A. playoff series against the Nets. The Nets' starting center, Nenad [Read More]
Tracked on May 22, 2006 10:51:30 PM
» Reports Say Magloire Could Move to Portland from could be considering
to various reports, Portland is prepared to send guard Steve Blake, forward Brian Skinner and 7-foot-3 center Ha Seung-Jin [Read More]
Tracked on Aug 7, 2006 10:10:50 AM
Comments
=HA HA HA HA HA HA HA................HA
U LOOK UGLY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!...HA
OLD MAN!
Posted by: hawaiian | Dec 6, 2007 1:15:07 PM
YUMMY!! Can I have one of your twinkies babeah??? They so nice and big and twinkielishous!!! YUM!!!
Posted by: Trish | Sep 11, 2006 10:22:36 AM
TWINKIES !
Posted by: becky | Sep 11, 2006 10:21:01 AM
The comments to this entry are closed.
A large cohort of Americans have reservations about the presidency of Donald Trump, who lost the popular vote by 2.9 million, strikes many who did vote for them as a highly flawed “lesser of two evils,” and has a dismal 37 percent approval rating. These ideologically diverse skeptics must cooperate if they hope to minimize the damage they believe the Trump Administration will do to America if left unopposed. But so far, they are easily divided. In fact, they cannot even refrain from attacking or alienating one another on matters where they are mostly in agreement.
This self-defeating approach was illustrated earlier this week when Never Trump conservatives who fully believe that Donald Trump is a bully watched Meryl Streep level that criticism. Rather than embracing a rare moment of narrow convergence with a Hollywood liberal, they let the mutual antagonism between their cultural tribes drive their reaction and wound up furiously attacking the actor over perceived hypocrisy. Doing so advanced none of their ends. It was a missed opportunity.
Another immediate example concerns the upcoming Woman's March on Washington, D.C., where critics of Donald Trump will protest the day after their inauguration. Here's how a New York Times article on preparations for the event began:
Many thousands of women are expected to converge on the nation's capital for the Women's March on Washington the day after Donald J. Trump's inauguration. Jennifer Willis no longer plans to be one of them. Ms. Willis, a 50-year-old wedding minister from South Carolina, had looked forward to taking their daughters to the march. Then they read a post on the Facebook page for the march that made them feel unwelcome because they are white. The post, written by a black activist from Brooklyn who is a march volunteer, advised “white allies” to listen more and talk less. It also chided those who, it said, were only now waking up to racism because of the election. “You don't just get to join because now you're scared, too,” read the post. “I was born scared.” Stung by the tone, Ms. Willis canceled their trip. “This is a women's march,” they said. “We're supposed to be allies in equal pay, marriage, adoption. Why is it now about, ‘White women don't understand black women'?”
For many, this was yet another illustration of identity politics undermining the effectiveness of leftist activism. There are discrete features of some identity politics that frustrate me too. Many manifestations of tribalism are doing dangerous harm to liberal democracy. And I certainly think it is foolish for a political organizer collaborating on a protest to tell anyone, “You don't just get to join now because you're scared.”
Country Chord Progressions – Part 2
This is Part 2 of 2. Read Part 1 here.
Country chord progressions have a lot of similarities between songs. So far, in part one, we've looked at how to ‘name' the progressions using the Nashville Number System. That info will be immensely helpful for looking for similarities between songs.
Hooks
I've always found it much easier to learn tunes when there are ‘hooks' that I can grab onto. A hook is a part of a song or a chord progression that you already know (note: I'm not talking about melodic hooks or pop song hooks).
Most experienced guitarists know the blues form, for example. If I'm working on a tune that has part of the blues in it, or that's based exclusively on the blues, I can memorize it much more easily because I can grab on the blues ‘hook.'
Not only can you learn a song easily, but you have things you can do over that part of the song. You might have certain licks or ideas that work really well when going from IV to V. If you know a major II chord (we'll get to that below) is coming up, you're much better prepared to deal with it than if you've never played a progression with a major II. This is how some musicians can step in and play the hell out of a song they've never heard – they might not know that tune, but they've played those chord progressions a number of times. My eBook Blues Language is all about using the hooks in the blues progression and knowing how to solo over them using the language of the blues masters.
The more hooks you know the better you'll know the music and the better you'll be able to deal with learning new songs.
Country Chord Progressions
Ok, so finally let's talk about the actual country chord progressions! I'm talking mostly about classic country here, think Merle Haggard, Buck Owens, Hank Williams, Waylon Jennings, Wynn Stewart, etc. The principles will still apply to newer country, and that music does have a lot of what follows in it, but I'm not as well versed in the newer country music.
Here are some hooks that I've found in country music. Most center around using the 1, 4, and 5 chords in different configurations. These could be an entire song, or just a verse, bridge, or chorus. One of the beauties of country music is that the writers can be really creative with a pretty limited amount of material.
1 1 4 4
5 5 1 1
You'll find this one all over the place. In my quick research I pulled it from “Falling for You” by Buck Owens and “Lord Loves a Drinking Man” by Kevin Fowler (played by Mark Chesnutt). You could easily find it a number of times in a Hank Williams compilation or Merle Haggard comp.
A short variation of the first hook is from “Hey Good Lookin'” by Hank Williams
1 1 1 1
5 4 1 1
“Hey Good Lookin'” has a bridge that uses a very common progression:
4 1 4 1
4 1 2 5
Notice that the 2 chord is major. This is called the ‘secondary dominant' in classical and jazz theory. Basically you are playing a dominant chord (the V chord of) the V chord. If you're in the key of G, the D chord is the V. The V of D is A, so the V of V (another way of saying secondary dominant) is A. A is also the second note of the scale, so you could also call it the major 2 chords. So… major 2 and the secondary dominant chords are the same thing.
1 1 1 5
5 5 5 1
This chord progression is found throughout country music. I took it from “Cold Cold Heart” by Hank Williams when writing this article. It's also the verse for “Margaritaville” by Jimmy Buffett.
1 1 4 1
1 5 1 1
This one is from Merle Haggard's classic “Mama Tried.”
4 4 1 1
4 4 5 5
This progression is a great bridge selection pulled from “You Can't Do Me That Way” by Mark Chesnutt. A variation on this would be to replace the 7th chord with a 2.
Find More
This article is just the beginning. With the way that country chord progressions work, you can find a handful of these hooks to learn. Then as you listen to more recordings you'll find that they are being repeated constantly. Again, this isn't to say the music isn't good. It's great music! It just uses a lot of material over and over again, which makes the musicians' job to find new and creative ways to get around these common chord progressions.
If you're looking for more check out: Hank Williams, Johnny Cash, Merle Haggard, Buck Owens, Waylon Jennings, Jimmy Buffett, Hank Williams II, Alan Jackson, Garth Brooks, and Mark Chesnutt.
Related
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Sep. 23, 2014, 5:38 PM GMT / Updated Sep. 23, 2014, 6:46 PM GMT
You have the right to remain stuffed.
After a pizza delivery driver was injured in a crash in Portland, Oregon, two police officers completed the delivery for him. Steve Huckins told KOIN that they and their wife were concerned earlier this month when the officers showed up at their home, but they started laughing when they received the pizza.
They thanked Officers Michael Filbert and Royce Curtiss for going out of their way.
The Portland PD later tweeted a picture of the delivery, saying; "Pizza delivery delayed by a crash so Officers Filbert & Curtiss helped get food to the customer. #YourCityYourPolice"
The Pizza Hut driver hurt their neck and back in the collision at an intersection.
SOCIAL
— The Associated Press
Students arrive at John F. Kennedy High School in Tamuning, Guam, Thursday, Aug. 17, 2017. Public schools in Guam opened Thursday, a sign of normalcy returned to the Pacific island after a week of living under threat of missile attack by North Korea. (AP Photo/Tassanee Vejpongsa)
SEOUL, South Korea (AP) — The Latest on the North Korea crisis (all times local):
Noon
Students in Guam are returning to school after summer break in spite of the recent North Korean missile threats.
All 41 public schools opened Thursday at the start of a new school year for 30,000 students.
Guam Education Superintendent Jon Fernandez says the main concern has been helping parents and teachers have conversations with students to ease possible anxiety.
They said: “We are prepared for many situations.”
North Korea this week has detailed its plan to test-launch ballistic missiles into waters near the U.S. Pacific territory. State media reported that leader Kim Jong-un was watching U.S. moves before deciding to order the test.
___
1150 a.m.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in declared there would be no second war on the Korean Peninsula amid fears that heightened animosity could lead to real fighting.
Moon also said they would consider sending an envoy to North Korea in comments Thursday that appeared to be another effort to jumpstart a diplomatic solution to the crisis.
Moon said people worked hard to rebuild South Korea and could not lose everything again because of war. They said: “I can confidently say there will not be a war again on the Korean Peninsula.”
__
11:30 a.m.
South Korean President Moon Jae-in says he'll consider sending a special envoy to North Korea for talks if North stops provocations.
Their comments Thursday at a nationally televised news conference appeared to be another effort to jumpstart a diplomatic solution to a confrontation sparked North Korea's warning that it might send missiles into waters near the U.S. territory of Guam, and President Donald Trump's belligerent Twitter threats to unleash “fire and fury” on the North.
Moon says they believe dialogue with North Korea can happen when North Korea stops missile and nuclear tests.
Moon was elected in May. He's a liberal who wants to engage the North. But their efforts have been met with a string of threats and missile tests as the North works to build nuclear-armed missiles that can reach the U.S. mainland.
11:45 p.m.
U.N. Secretary-General Antonio Guterres says tensions on the Korean peninsula are at their highest level in decades and it's important “to dial down the rhetoric and to dial up diplomacy.”
The U.N. chief told reporters Wednesday that the world needs to heed the lessons of history and not repeat the mistakes that led to the Korean War, which started 67 years ago and killed more than 3 million people.
Guterres said that on Tuesday they told representatives of the countries in the stalled six-party talks — North Korea, South Korea, the U.S., Russia, China and Japan — that their “good offices are always available.”
They said the international community must send a clear message to North Korea's leadership to comply with its international obligations, reopen communications and deescalate the situation,
8:10 p.m.
Russia says it's against further tightening sanctions on North Korea, warning that economic pressure on Pyongyang has reached its limit.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov warned Wednesday “we can't support ideas by some of our partners to suffocate North Korea economically with all the negative and tragic humanitarian consequences for its citizens.”
Lavrov, speaking at a news conference in Moscow, added that the “potential for economic pressure has been practically exhausted” and emphasized the need to encourage political settlement.
They reaffirmed a call by China and Russia for the U.S. to suspend annual military exercises with South Korea in exchange for Pyongyang halting its missile and nuclear tests as a first step toward direct talks.
___
8 p.m.
President Donald Trump says in a tweet that North Korean leader Kim Jong-un “made a very wise and reasonable decision” amid indications their country has decided not to proceed with its multiple missile launch toward Guam.
Trump says: “The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!”
During an inspection of the North Korean army's Strategic Forces, which handles the missile program, Kim praised the military for drawing up a “close and careful plan” and said Tuesday they would watch the “foolish and stupid conduct of the Yankees” a little more before deciding whether to order the missile test, according to the state-run Korean Central News Agency.
Baptist Leaders Face Challenge On Women's Roles
Enlarge this image toggle caption Mark Wilson/Getty Images Mark Wilson/Getty Images
For the first time in decades, the Southern Baptist Convention is losing members.
Former President Jimmy Carter left nine years ago. Recently, Carter wrote in the London Observer that a primary reason they left was the denomination's treatment of women. The Southern Baptist Convention says women cannot hold positions of leadership over men.
And now some Baptists say that stand is contributing to the convention's problems.
Interpreting The Word Of God
A few years ago, when Julie Pennington Russell showed up for their first Sunday at Calvary Baptist Church in Waco, Texas, they were greeted by a crowd of protesters.
"I was walking through the picket line with my son Taylor, who was 7 at the time, and all the sudden they squeezed my hand and pulled me down and said, 'Mom, who is Jezebel, and why are they calling you that?'" Russell says.
The protesters were from other Baptist churches that disapproved of Calvary calling a woman a senior pastor. Baptist churches are independent and can hire anyone they want, but if they hire a woman, they run the risk of being "disfellowshipped" — kicked out of the convention.
Richard Land, a senior officer of the SBC, says the reason is simple.
"We believe that the Bible says that while both men and women are gifted for service in the church, the office of pastor is limited to men as qualified by Scripture," Land says.
Land is referring to the New Testament letters of the Apostle Paul, who said women should not have authority over men in the church and the home. The Baptists reaffirmed that teaching in 2000.
But Wade Burleson, pastor of a Southern Baptist megachurch in Enid, Okla., says the leaders got it wrong.
"You are badly misinterpreting the word of God, and the consequences of your misinterpretation are enormous," Burleson says.
Burleson says Jesus treated women as equals, and if Southern Baptists ignore their example, the denomination will shrivel. Burleson believes there's a quiet underground movement within the convention to rethink women's roles.
Klouda's Case
Land says Burleson is dreaming. They say Southern Baptists are united on the issue. Of their 44,000 churches, fewer than 100 have women leaders. Land concedes that the denomination has seen its numbers drop in recent years. But they say tacking leftward isn't the answer.
"Those people who are saying, 'Well, we need to broaden, and we need to be more accepting of divergent views,' those are the same people who have led the mainline denominations to death's door," says Land.
In fact, there's some evidence of a conservative crackdown.
Consider the case of Sheri Klouda, who taught Hebrew at Southwestern Baptist Theological Seminary in Fort Worth. All was well until Paige Patterson, a former president of the denomination, arrived to run the seminary.
"I was told I would not be considered for tenure because I was a woman and because they believed that women should not be teaching theology to men," says Klouda.
Klouda found another teaching job at a non-Baptist university. In the meantime, Southwestern has developed a new "track" for women seminarians, which includes home-making and home-schooling.
A Continuing Debate
Albert Mohler, president of Southern Baptist Theological Seminary in Louisville, Ky., knows the denomination is going against culture.
"Ultimately, I'm not so fearful that the times will judge us as I'm aware that God will judge us, and I hope with all my heart that they will find our church is faithful to their word," Mohler says.
Still, Burleson hopes that the days of disparate treatment are numbered.
"I'm not a betting Baptist, but if I were, I would put money on the table that 50 years from now, Southern Baptists will look at women and the role of women the way we now look at slavery," Burleson says.
Daniel Foré didn't plan on building an operating system.
In 2006, Foré was fed up with Windows, and they switched to Linux, the open source operating system. But they didn't just use the OS. Like so many others, they also helped improve the thing. They had no programming experience, but wanted to be involved in this famously communal project, so they designed a set of icons for the OS. And from there, they went to work on a desktop theme called Elementary.
Before too long, they and a pseudonymous developer named ammonkey "forked" the popular Linux file manager Nautilus. Foré handled the design side, creating a new version that looked more modern and streamlined. They called it Nautilus Elementary. And as other designers and developers started getting in touch, asking if they could build design-centric apps under the Elementary banner, they found themselves juggling several Linux-related projects.
At that point, it just made sense for them and their team to create their own Linux distribution. "We started working on all these cool apps, and needed a way to ship them all together," Foré says. The result was Elementary OS, a new version of Linux dedicated to providing a beautiful and powerful operating system that will run well even on old PCs – for free.
There are myriad Linux distros, from Red Hat and CentOS and Ubuntu to Google Android. Most are typically used on computer servers that run things like websites and other big online applications, and most of the headlines go Android, which has reinvented the world of smartphones and tablets. But Elementary OS is different: It's intended for desktop PCs, which are still very much the domain of Apple and Microsoft.
Foré says Elementary is trying to attract two groups of desktop users in particular: young developers who are new to open source and want an easy way to get started, and non-technical computer users who are fed up with Windows.
There's definitely a place for Linux on the desktop, says Jim Nelson, executive director of the open source development firm Yorba, which builds the email client Geary and the photo manager Shotwell – both of which are included in Elementary OS. "I realize that mobile phones and tablets are all the rage right now," they say, "But we don't think the desktop is dead. We think it has an important role."
Elementary's slick Mac-OS-X-like interface and simple applications may help woo some users that have been scared away by the complexity of Linux in the past, but Foré and team aim for more than that. In addition to getting the look and feel right, they want to ensure this is an efficient, stable operating system. Although Elementary is based on the popular Linux distribution Ubuntu, the team has stripped away many of the applications typically included with Ubuntu and replaced them with lighter weight alternatives.
They want to improve what's already there, but they don't want to reinvent the wheel. That's a constant challenge, one the Elementary team says they can solve by focusing on making the OS modular and reusing as many common open source libraries as possible. For example, they created their own lightweight windows manager and desktop environment, but they built it on an open source library called libmutter – the same one used to create the popular Mutter window manager.
But the team still can't build in-house every application an operating system needs to compete with Windows and OS X. That's why it's trying to woo more developers who can help build usable Linux applications. The rub is that the tools and frameworks for building Linux desktop software have lagged behind those offered by Microsoft and Apple, and they're only recently beginning to catch up, Jordan Hubbard, creator of open source UNIX clone FreeBSD and a former OS X developer, told us earlier this year.
The Elementary team has built their own desktop development framework called Granite to speed up development and ensure consistency between apps. But perhaps more importantly, they've standardized a programming language called Vala, which was created in 2006 and is becoming more and more popular in the Linux community.
Nelson says that Yorba decided not to use Granite, but he's a big fan of Vala. "I really can't speak highly enough about Vala," Nelson says. "We've had college students turn up who had never written GTK applications before, who were able to be up and running writing patches and features in a week. It's the kind of language that I wished I had back when I was writing Java in the 1990s."
Still, with so many competing flavors of Linux and so many other open source projects vying for attention, Elementary has a tough road ahead. But if things don't work out, the team wouldn't be out of place in the OS division at Apple. Microsoft? That's another matter.
Update: This story has been updated to credit ammonkey as the co-creator of Nautilus Elementary.
Christians refugees who fled from ISIS fighters who overran Assyrian villages in Hassakeh in north-eastern Syria in February 2015. (AP Photo/Bilal Hussein, File)
(CNSNews.com) – The Obama administration has admitted 499 Syrian refugees so far this month, with no Christians among them.
Of the 499 admitted in May, 495 are Sunni Muslims and the remaining four are described simply as “Moslem” in State Department Refugee Processing Center data.
Since FY2016 began on October 1, a total of 2,235 Syrian refugees have been resettled in the United States. Of them, 10 (0.44 percent) are Christians: three Catholics, two Orthodoxes, one Greek Orthodox and four refugees identified simply as “Christian.”
Christians make up the biggest non-Muslim minority in Syria – about 10 percent before the civil war erupted.
Meanwhile the State Department figures show that 2,170 (97 percent) of the 2,235 Syrian refugee newcomers in FY2016 are Sunni Muslims. The rest are made up of 17 Shi'a Muslims, 27 other Muslims, 10 Yazidis, and one refugee identified as “other religion.”
This marks the first time the fraction of Christians admitted during any given month in FY2016 has fallen below half a percentage point. Last October, it was 2.1 percent. By year's end it had dropped to 0.9 percent, and over the ensuing months it has edged down to 0.8, 0.7, 0.5 and now 0.4 percent.
With another week still to run, May already accounts for the highest monthly tally of Syrian refugees admitted since the civil war began in the spring of 2011. The 499 admitted so far in May also exceeds the total number admitted during the first three years of the conflict.
After this month the next highest monthly admission numbers were recorded in April 2016 (451), September 2015 (389) and March 2016 (330).
The pace has picked up noticeably since last February, when the State Department opened a special refugee “resettlement surge center” in Amman, Jordan to speed up processing. Until then, President Obama's goal of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees in FY2016 looked set to fall woefully short, with only 841 in total admitted between Oct. 2015 and Jan. 2016.
A total of 499 Syrian refugees have been admitted to the U.S. so far this month – the largest single month figure since the civil war began in 2011. (Data: State Department, Graph: CNSNews.com)
Even with the “surge” and significantly accelerated processing times – from around 18-24 months down to just three months – achieving the president's fiscal year goal still looks like a tall order: With four months and one week to go, the total number admitted is still 7,765 shy of the target.
The Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS/ISIL) attacks in Paris last November fueled concerns that the terrorist group would use refugee admission programs to infiltrate fighters into Western nations. According to French prosecutors two of the Paris attackers had evidently entered Europe through Greece, posing as refugees fleeing from the fighting in Syria.
Director of National Intelligence James Clapper told a Senate committee in February that ISIS was “taking advantage of the torrent of migrants [entering Europe] to insert operatives into that flow.”
In the U.S., dozens of Republican governors pushed back against allowing Syrian refugees to settle in their states, citing security concerns.
Since the Paris attacks, the State Department program has admitted a total of 1,944 Syrian refugees, of whom five (0.25 percent) are Christians, 1,884 (96.9 percent) are Sunnis, 44 are Shi'a and other Muslims, 10 are Yazidis and one is “other religion.”
Last March, Secretary of State John Kerry formally determined that atrocities being carried out by ISIS against Christians, Yazidis and other minorities in the areas it controls constitutes genocide.
Before the conflict began in March 2011, the estimated Syrian population breakdown by religion was 10 percent Christian, 74 percent Sunni, and another 16 percent comprising various other Muslim traditions, including Shi'a, Allawite and Druze.
The U.N. refugee agency UNHCR acknowledges that Syrian minorities “fear that registration might bring retribution from other refugees” in the camps that it runs in countries surrounding Syria.
Many Christians therefore tend to avoid registering with the agency, and since the UNHCR plays a key role in the early stages of applications for refugee status in the U.S., Christians are unintentionally disadvantaged in the process.
“Without doubt, Syrians of all confessions are being victimized by this savage war and are facing unimaginable suffering,” Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) said on the Senate floor last March as they introduced legislation that would set aside 10,000 refugee resettlement places annually, for five years, for Syrian religious minorities.
“But only Christians and other religious minorities are the deliberate targets of systematic persecution and genocide,” they said. “It's well-established that many religious minorities in Syria are very reluctant to register as refugees with the United Nations because they fear facing even more persecution.”
DAVIS (CBS13) — “To the Jewish community here in Davis and beyond, I say this deeply—I am deeply sorry for the pain I have caused,” said Ammar Shahin.
It was a heartfelt apology from the Davis Imam who broke the hearts of people in the Jewish and Muslim communities.
Last week, Shahin gave a fiery sermon that translators say called for their higher power to annihilate Jews, and asked their congregants to take part in the slaughter.
They initially, said they were taken out of context, a point they repeated, a day later in an on camera interview with CBS13.
But that changed on Friday.
“I let my emotions get the best of me and cloud my better judgment. I said things that were hurtful to Jews. This was unacceptable,” they said.
“I deeply appreciate and accept your words of apology thank you,” a local Rabbi told him.
The olive branch didn't come easy. Local political and Jewish leaders joined the Council on American Islamic Relations, condemning the speech.
“Ugly words were spoken,” said Yolo County Supervisor Don Sailor.
“No matter what the context was, it came out as hate speech,” said CAIR Director Basim Elkarra.
It sparked fury across the globe. Outside of Davis, Jewish groups are asking the Department of Homeland Security and the US Attorney's Office for a full investigation. Others want the Islamic Center of Davis to fire Shahin.
“I don't think everybody will accept what happened today, but I'm hoping everybody can understand what our purpose is- to move forward,” Executive Director of the Jewish Federation Willie Recht.
Members of the Jewish and Muslim communities met for four hours behind closed doors. Bruce Pomer was there.
“[Why did the Imam say what they said?] It's complex… issues related to world affairs,” said Pomer.
Davis is no stranger to religious controversy. UC Davis has been named one of the top most Anti-Semitic campuses in America. From a Jewish fraternity tagged with swastikas to a student-led effort to force UC regents to divest from Israel.
The Islamic Center of Davis has dealt with hate too. Recently, a woman pleaded guilty to breaking windows and wrapping bacon around the handles of Mosque. Also, torn pages of the Quran were thrown from a car in June during a Ramadan prayer.
CLEVELAND—Coach Eric Mangini issued a stern warning to the Browns Monday, dissuading players from using Twitter or other social networking sites to identify any person or persons they plan to murder. "What you do on your free time is your own business, but you represent this organization and you need to think before saying something stupid that ends up all over the Internet," Mangini was overheard telling their players following their morning workout. "Now, nobody is saying that you can't have Twitter accounts or that you can't kill people, but keep it between you, your family, and the person you are killing. The last thing you want to do is create bulletin-board material for the police." Mangini also asked players to stop repeatedly posting "The Browns suck!" on Facebook.
Advertisement
Over 10 members resigned from the Bitcoin Foundation over the recent election of Bitcoin entrepreneur Brock Pierce as its board director.
According to the officials of the Bitcoin Foundation, the organization has lost more than 10 members following the recent election of Brock Pierce as its board director.
Pierce has recently angered bitcoin enthusiasts after their involvement in KnCMiner, a firm that provided broken computers to bitcoin miners. Still, Pierce says their relation to KnCMiner is limited and the company plans to compensate its customers.
Brock Pierce, one time Disney child star and current Bitcoin entrepreneur, has been sued for sexual abuse and fraud. Their past involved allegations in lawsuits from the employees of their first company Digital Entertainment Network, that they pressured them for sex and offered drugs.
However, Pierce denied all the accusations. “Completely false,” they said. “My view is that these people are only trying to get money.”
Pierce election provoked anxiety in the world of digital currencies. One of the Bitcoin Foundation members, Patrick Alexander, says: “This is not the direction this foundation needs to take. The foundation members need to emulate very high moral values and ethics in business and in personal dealings, especially as it involves money.”
They continued: “So far, the track record of prominent Bitcoin Foundation members has been abysmal. I know that most foundation members are probably swell people and are not like this.
However, the acts of a few have overshadowed us all unfortunately. I no longer want to be associated with these people.”
Complaints from other foundation members will increase in the future. Another member stated: “The board has made repeated hollow promises about transparency.
“It's been a year, and the only transparency the foundation has created has been the illusion of transparency at the expense of the forum using members by turning their private communications public overnight and zero transparency on the board itself.”
“There are no financials. There are no minutes. There is no record of how board members are voting — and which ones are even participating.”
Patrick Murck, a Bitcoin Foundation General Counsel, said their group with over 1,500 members would bounce back from the recent negative events.
“Democracy is messy sometimes,” they said. “If in the future members decide they want to have a vetting process, that's great.”
Not all of the Bitcoin Foundation members knew about the Pierce's troubled past until the elections.
Pierce was voted to fill one of two positions vacated by Mark Karpeles, chief executive of the bankrupt Mt.Gox, and Charlie Shrem, who was charged for laundering money.
Reading through the NHL Collective Bargaining Agreement can be confusing a difficult. Often times it is hard to cut through the legal jargon and get to the bottom of what a rule really means. Over the course of the next few weeks I am going to go over some of the more confusing rules in the CBA. Let's start with NHL Waiver Rules.
What are Waivers?
Waivers are a tool through which a team can send a player to the minors. A player who has to go through waivers is offered up to all other teams before they can be placed in the minors. There are three types of Waivers: Regular, Re-Entry, and Unconditional. This article will focus on the two most common types of waivers, Regular, and Re-Entry.
When is the Waiver period?
Waivers go in to effect 12 days before the start of the regular season. Waivers last until the day after a teams playing season.
Ex: The Philadelphia Flyers are knocked out of the playoffs May 2nd, the waiver period for the Flyers would then end on May 3rd.
Who has to go through Waivers?
A player's waiver status is based off a combination of age, games played, and years in the league. Also, waiver eligibility is different for skaters and goalies. Below is the eligibility chart from the CBA.
EX1: An 18 year old skater become Waiver eligible either 5 years after signing their first contract or when they play 180 NHL games.
EX2: Sergei Bobrovsky is Waiver eligible since they played in 60 games last season and is 22 years old.
If an 18 or 19 year old is to play 11 NHL games in a NHL season, the exemption is reduced to 3 years for skaters and 4 years for goalies.
EX: An 18 year old signs in 2011-2012. If they don't play in 11 NHL in any season over the next 5 years, they won't be waiver eligible until the 2016-2017 season. However if they sign in 2011-2012 and plays 11 games that season, they become waiver eligible in the 2014-2015 season.
For 20 year old players, playing in 1 professional game will count as the first year of their exemption. 25 year old players who play 1 professional game will only be exempt for the rest of that season.
Players who play in another league at the start of the NHL season have to go through waivers when signed by an NHL team.
Ex: Evgeni Nabokov was signed after starting the season in Russia's KHL. Nabokov was subject to waivers and ultimately claimed by the New York Islanders.
If Multiple Teams Submit Claims Who Get the Player?
Waiver order is determined by the standings. The team in last place gets first chance at players put on waivers. If the players is placed on waivers before November 1st then claim order goes by the previous season's standing.
Can You Trade a Player Claimed Off Waivers?
Players who are claimed off waivers have to be offered to the other teams that placed an original claim before a player can be traded.
Ex: Say the Flyers were to place Michael Leighton on waivers. The Red Wings, Rangers, Islanders, and Jets all place a claim on him. By order of standings we will say the Islanders are rewarded Leighton. Should the Islanders choose to trade Leighton, they would first have to be passed on by the Red Wings, Rangers, and Jets. If a team places a claim then Leighton would be theirs.
How Long is a Player on Waivers?
Players placed on waivers are on waivers for 24 hours, if no team claims them then they can be assigned to the minors. However, a team doesn't have to place a player in the minors. Last year the Philadelphia Flyers placed Nikolay Zherdev on waivers, no team made a claim. The Flyers then had 30 days to assign Zherdev to the Adirondak Phantoms. The Flyers chose not to do this, and after the 30 days expired Zherdev had to stay on the team.
Do 1-Way and 2-Way contracts effect Waivers?
Simply put, no they do not. This is a common misconception. 1-way and 2-way contracts have nothing to do with waivers. They are for salary purposes between the AHL and NHL. The confusion is understandable, most players with 2-way contracts are waiver exempt because of the reasons above. Most players on 1-way contracts aren't waiver exempt. Just keep in mind that the chart above is the only thing that determines a players waiver status.
Only tried the first one and while it was fairly impressive in the early stages of the game, the locales ended up looking always the same with little variety and the same objects re-used to death, the map system seemed completely broken and useless, which didn't help, and the whole game wasn't all that interesting to me in the end. But a fairly impressive show of the power of the DS to provide a decent first person horror game nonetheless. Just not very inspired IMHO.
Never played the second one but I do hope they managed to improve on that at least and that if another game is made out of it (and seeing the trouble they went through to get the rights to do so, I'd be surprised if they didn't put out a new game!!) that they'd further improve on what they did in the past! I'm not big on "Moon" for 3DS but if they made an enhanced remake of Dementium for 3DS or even better yet an all new game, now THAT's something I'd want to see happen so I can sample it and hopefully I'll b be hooked on it more than I was with the first game!
Cleveland, Ohio, a city which represents all of the challenges and potential of the American economy, is rightfully the focal point of the Ohio Democratic presidential primary on March 4. The candidate who can deliver an economic platform with solid programmatic initiatives for jobs, health care, education and retirement security can win the state and be on the path to the nomination. Of course, I am no longer a candidate for president. When I was continually locked out of presidential debates, it became apparent that there was no chance. At the same time, labor in Cleveland asked me to come back and defend the 10th District congressional seat.
The FEC [Federal Election Commission] reports released last week show that in the Democratic primary, I am currently being outspent by a margin of 5-1.
Corporate Cleveland has organized its considerable resources behind a candidate who has had a three-week television campaign of a “Swift-boat”-type distortion of my record. I have always felt that the seat never belonged to me, but belongs to working men and women and their families, who are entitled to representation in the Congress, especially given the corporate domination of both political parties.
It is particularly ironic to see the same Cleveland corporate development interests at work trying to take a congressional seat for their own profit, when 30 years ago they used their power to send the city of Cleveland into default over $15 million and then used the default to defeat my reelection bid as mayor! This $15-million default is now dwarfed by the handouts given to each of the same interests by the current city government. Back to the future!
What happens in Cleveland is, of course, relevant to the entire nation. Somewhere, somehow people have to win a victory over corporate control and corporate greed. Cleveland is a great place to begin. And this election is a perfect time to start.
For more information about Kucinich's campaign, go to www.kucinich.us.
Ted Cruz inadvertently took the internet by storm during Thursday night's Fox News GOP debate, when they appeared to eat a small object off of their lip.
The Texas senator was talking about Donald Trump supporters about 25 minutes into the 8 p.m. debate, when the mysterious white object first appeared on their top lip. In the high-drama television that ensued, it was passed back and forth between their upper and lower lip for the next few moments.
Just after mentioning Trump supporters being “angry at Washington” and their rival candidate's “angry rhetoric,” Cruz closed their lips around the crumb.
A well-timed rhetorical pause followed as the particle embarked on the digestive journey.
via GIPHY
via GIPHY
As it tends to do, the internet exploded with speculation that the presidential hopeful, who locked up a key Super Tuesday win in their home state, had just eaten a “booger” off their lip on national television.
Don't believe it? Search “Ted Cruz booger” on Twitter and take a look.
Did Ted Cruz just eat a tic-tac or a booger? — Black Spinach (@black_spinach) March 4, 2016
Anyone else notices Ted Cruz just swallowed a booger? #GOPDebate — Mala (@MalaBB) March 4, 2016
May be seeing things tonight. But...did Ted Cruz just have a white booger go from top lip, to bottom lip and then they ate it? #FOXDebate — Chad Berglund (@chadb035) March 4, 2016
The booger on Ted Cruz's lip had a short lifespan — Frank Nuchereno (@franknuch17) March 4, 2016
I think all of us were concerned about the booger on @tedcruz's upper lip. #GOPdebate #republicandebate pic.twitter.com/GMuXcDbcHK — Hakan Topal (@hakan_nyc) March 4, 2016
Am I the only person on Twitter mean enough to comment on #TedCruz eating that big ole booger off of their lip?#GOPDebate — Linda Suhler, Ph.D. (@LindaSuhler) March 4, 2016
No, Linda. No, you clearly aren't.
For the record, from my point of view, the crumb looked like it came from Cruz's mouth. It doesn't mean it's any fewer gross (or funny), but we can hold out hope they didn't actually consume a booger on national television.
Copyright 2016 WFAA
CLOSE A virtual tour of Village on the River in downtown Sioux Falls.
Village on the River (Photo: JLG Architects)
A long-sought mixed-use parking ramp in downtown Sioux Falls will cost City Hall more than expected.
City officials unveiled details for a 13-story public-private parking ramp development with 525 spaces and an attached hotel and commercial space at 110 S. Mall Avenue. Plans were unveiled Tuesday in front of the City Council and revealed the previously anticipated budget of $18 million isn't going to be enough.
More: Price tag for downtown parking ramp jumps $6M
According to documents provided at the meeting, the total cost will be about $50 million, with the city covering about $20.6 million of the costs. The development will be called Village on the River.
Village on the River (Photo: JLG Architects)
Of that, $4.1 million would be paid for with existing parking funds on hand at City Hall, the city would bond for the remaining $16.5 million.
The city has already spent about $700,000 pursuing the project.
"This project had never made it to this point," Community Development Director Daren Ketcham said. "Any previous pricing … was all based off of a concept that was never vetted. Now we've made it to having a schematic design in our hands."
$30 million of the total project budget will be covered by Legacy Developments, the private partner selected for the project in February. The developer will pay for design and construction of the non-parking elements of the project like the hotel, retail and commercial space.
In return for the rights to build on city-owned land, Legacy Developments will make a one-time payment of $1 million to the city that will provide for an 80-year lease of the property.
The facility's hotel will feature 120 rooms encompassing six levels. What hospitality company will occupy the hotel isn't yet know, though Legacy Developments is expected to make an announcement soon, Ketcham said.
The proposal is contingent on the approval of the City Council. A vote on the bonding package on Dec. 5.
Village on the River (Photo: JLG Architects)
Council Chairman Rick Kiley lauded the project as a win for all of Sioux Falls, not just City Hall and the developer.
"40 percent of this is public, 60 percent is private, but 100 percent of this is for the community of Sioux Falls," they said. "Sioux Falls is going to continue to benefit from this project for many years ahead."
Read or Share this story: http://www.argusleader.com/story/news/city/2017/11/14/sioux-falls-city-hall-unveils-parking-ramp-designs-20-6-m-price-tag/859846001/
VIA Nano® E-Series processors are based on superscalar, speculative out-of-order 64-bit architecture providing a highly compatible, high-performance, and low-power consumption solution for embedded computing. With an open platform, VIA Nano® E-Series processors allow developers to put in as many features as possible with a fast time-to-market.
Utilizing 65nm process technology, VIA Nano® E-Series processors are an ideal blend of powerful performance and energy efficiency. The processors augment that with aggressive power and thermal management features within a compact 21mm x 21mm NanoBGA2 package for an idle power as low as 100mW (0.1 W). In addition to complying with RoHS and WEEE directives, VIA Nano® E-Series was the first processor platform to employ halogen-free as well as lead-free packaging technology, and be named “Total Green solution”.
Underscoring VIA's leadership in processor miniaturization, VIA Nano® E-Series processors come with ultra compact dimensions, enabling small form factor designs and embedded applications. VIA Nano® E-Series processors also feature VIA PadLock with the Advanced Cryptography Engine delivering the world's fastest AES encryption.
VIA VIA Nano® E-Series processors are fully pin-to-pin compatible with VIA C7®, VIA Eden® X2, VIA Nano® X2 E-Series, and VIA QuadCore E-Series processors.
Tahir Nazir was jailed for 12 years (Picture: Cavendish)
A business person who went on a 7,000 mile ‘rape tour' of Britain's universities has been jailed for 12 years.
Tahir Nazir, 40, used freshers' fortnight and other college events to sneak into student accommodation in Scotland, England and Wales in the hope of targeting drunk undergraduates.
CCTV captured them as they prowled student halls late at night attempting to open doors.
MORE: Judge denies Amber Heard's plea to keep Johnny Depp away from their dog
CCTV of Tahir Nazir in a hall of residence (Picture: Cavendish)
One young woman who had been to a Halloween party in Manchester woke up in horror to find a half-naked Nazir licking their neck and trying to rape them
In another incident in Cardiff they were seen lying on top of a woman as they lay drunk. Luckily their housemates eventually forced them to leave.
Det Con Matt Gregory of Greater Manchester Police said: ‘I hope the sentence passed today will give their victims some sort of comfort knowing that Nazir is off the streets and will spend the next 12 years in prison where they won't be able to hurt anybody like this.'
Advertisement
Advertisement
Nazir – who claims to be managing director of a hospitality and entertainment company – was arrested last November after a group of female undergraduates reported someone trying to open the doors to their room.
MORE: The length of a second might be about to change
They reportedly went on a 7,000 mile ‘rape tour' of Britain's universities (Picture: Cavendish)
Police found empty packets of Viagra in their car and a fake ID claiming they were student at Glasgow University.
Prosecutors said they had driven 7,000 miles on a tour of university towns Inverness, Aberdeen, Dundee, Edinburgh, Glasgow, Manchester, Oxford, Bristol and Cardiff, during which they slept in their car.
It emerged they would swallow Viagra tablets and snort cocaine in a bid to heighten their sexual appetite.
Yesterday at Manchester Crown Court Nazir, from Glasgow, was jailed for 12 years after they were convicted of trespass with intent to commit an offence, sexual assault, attempted rape, and three charges of trespass with intent to commit a sexual offence.
They were also ordered to sign the Sex Offender Register for life.
MORE: Footballer suspended by club after being charged with child sex offences
Share. From Snake to Sora, 2014 has you covered. From Snake to Sora, 2014 has you covered.
Exit Theatre Mode
When the Xbox One was released in November 2013, it did so alongside a handful of great games: Forza Motorsport 5, Dead Rising 3, and LEGO Marvel Super Heroes, to name a few. Since then, barring a few exceptions, there hasn't been much to play. 2014 will change that, with games coming from Bungie, Respawn, Capybara, BioWare, Turtle Rock, and more.
Here are 25 games Xbox One owners should look forward to this year.
Alien: Isolation
Alien games like to direct our eyes down a weapon scope rather than onto a motion tracker. While James Cameron's sequel, Aliens, was all about the guns, Ridley Scott's original film highlighted the thrill and terror of being hunted. The recently announced Alien: Isolation is, thankfully, more interested in the latter.
Exit Theatre Mode
Isolation takes players back to the Nostromo (the mining ship from the first Alien film). Playing as Ellen Ripley's daughter, Amanda, you're searching for the ship's black box to find out what happened to your mother. We're used to games delivering power fantasies, but Isolation makes you the prey.
Below
Capybara's Superbrothers: Sword and Sworcery is one of gaming's most delightful surprises. Its charming visuals, excellent soundtrack, and unique gameplay made it a highly memorable iOS adventure.
Exit Theatre Mode
The studio's next game, Below, will focus heavily on exploration and permadeath. Its narrative is formed through exploration, as there is no dialogue whatsoever. Seeing a developer experiment with storytelling techniques is great, and if Sword & Sworcery is any indicator, Capy could nail it again with Below.
The Crew
A team-centric racing game where you cruise across the country, Cannonball Run-style, with your friends? Yes, please! The Crew is an arcade-y four-wheeled adventure where you'll visit dozens of real-life landmarks in an abbreviated version of the United States -- though it's still going to take quite a bit of time to drive from the Hollywood Hills to Miami Beach.
Exit Theatre Mode
Dozens of licensed cars are at your fingertips for the trip, and your crew can face-off in interstate challenges with other packs of pals. We don't yet know if you'll be able to stop at a virtual In-N-Out Burger.
D4
D4 is really, really weird, and we wouldn't want it to be any other way. Here's the crash course: D4 stands for “Dark Dreams Don't Die,” and it's an episodic adventure game from Hidetaka Suehiro. You may know them as “Swery,” the mind responsible for the weird and excellent Deadly Premonition.
Exit Theatre Mode
David is a detective who can relive the past by touching people's mementos. You use the Kinect (or a controller if you prefer) to interact with your environment or eat pretzels. We called the game “entrancingly bizarre” after a demo at Tokyo Game Show, and we can't wait to help David recover their memory and solve their wife's murder.
Destiny
Travel across the galaxy, explore new planets, and build up your character's armory along the way. Those familiar core ideas behind Destiny sound awesome on their own, but its experimental blending of single and multiplayer could be the next big step forward in shooter design.
Exit Theatre Mode
Destiny is Bungie's first crack at a new first-person shooter property since Halo: Combat Evolved in 2001. Looking at everything the developer accomplished over the past decade -- it set standards for writing, art, music, and multiplayer -- it's hard not to be excited about what's coming next.
Dragon Age: Inquisition
The Dragon Age series already has a strong foundation, but with Inquisition, Bioware is going all out. New races, new creatures, an improved dialogue system, and Frostbite 3-powered graphics might make the world of Thedas a great place to spend dozens of hours.
Exit Theatre Mode
A common complaint leveled against Dragon Age 2 was that it reused environments. In Inquisition, there's a stronger emphasis on an open-world discovery. Instead of going on fetch quests, ideally you'll stumble upon hidden areas and want to explore them on your own. If we can have Dragon Age's great storytelling as well as an interesting, open world, ripe for adventure, Inquisition could be something special.
Dying Light
Take the first-person parkour of Mirror's Edge, blend it with the brutal melee combat of Left 4 Dead 2 and the open-world freedom of developer Techland's own Dead Island and you get Dying Light, a game we've played and, as such, can 100% confirm our enthusiasm for.
Exit Theatre Mode
You play a survivor trapped in a zombie apocalypse. The government will drop supply crates at various points in the city throughout the day, and you'll need to race to them as quickly as possible so that you can reap their rewards before other factions get to them. Yep, you'll have to deal with enemy humans, who can prove to be just as annoying to battle as the undead. Unmarked hidden objectives abound, such as frightened children hiding out in shacks whom you can choose to help rescue (or not). And when day turns to night, watch out: the worst of the undead lot only starts hunting you once the sun goes down.
The Elder Scrolls Online
Perhaps we've finally got an Xbox where MMOs will finally be a regular thing and not a once-in-a-blue-moon rarity, like Final Fantasy XI and Defiance on Xbox 360. The Xbox One's first MMO is a heavyweight: The Elder Scrolls Online. Now you'll finally get to interact and play with other human beings in Cyrodiil, embarking on quests, waging PvP war in the Arena, and even becoming Emperor of the whole darn land.
Exit Theatre Mode
A first-person mode was added after E3 in order to help make it feel a bit more Elder Scrolls-y, and, for now at least, a $15 monthly subscription model is in place. The potential for losing your life to this game (in a good way) is sky-high.
Evolve
Turtle Rock, the original creators of Left 4 Dead, are, *ahem*, evolving the same co-op multiplayer concept from their breakout zombie hit with their next project, in which four human players -- each taking on the role of a different class -- work together to take down Goliath.
Exit Theatre Mode
The catch? Goliath is a human-controlled monster that grows in both size and danger level as the match goes on. By the end, the human quartet will have to be on top of their game in order to bring down the 30-foot spiked behemoth. Dibs on the monster!
Fable Legends
The events of Fable Legends take place 400 years before the events of the 2004's Fable, during Albion's Age of Heroes. Unlike the other Fables, Legends is designed for four-player co-op, with each hero brandishing different weapons and skills.
Exit Theatre Mode
Here's the kicker: Another player controls the villain, and that character places traps, enemies, and ambushes from a top-down perspective. This take on the pen-and-paper RPG dungeon master system is ambitious, and it's a breath of fresh air for Microsoft's role-playing series.
Halo 5
What do we know about the next chapter of the Reclaimer Saga? Not much, but what we do know is interesting. Expect Halo 5 (final name is TBD) to run at 1080p and 60fps for the first time in the series' history. Dedicated servers are in, too.
Exit Theatre Mode
Meanwhile, the director of 2013's Tomb Raider reboot, Timothy Longo, is leading the next Halo project. Story-wise, Cortana is gone and the battle with the Didact isn't over yet, if the ending to Halo 4 is any indication. Looks like the fight won't, in fact, be finished anytime soon.
Kingdom Hearts III
The beloved Kingdom Hearts II released over eight years ago, but Kingdom Hearts III will instead continue the plot from Dream Drop Distance, the 2012 3DS exclusive. Director Tetsuya Nomura said we'll finally be able to see the end of the “Dark Seeker” saga that began with the first Kingdom Hearts.
Exit Theatre Mode
A lot of what you know and love about Kingdom Hearts will still be present, but the action is set to be ramped up this time. Nomura said battles are more frantic, and that more intricate AI can interact with Sora in ways that weren't possible before.
After a two-week sting operation near a US Army base in central Texas, 13 active duty soldiers from Fort Hood have been arrested and now face solicitation of prostitution charges.
Major T.J. Cruz of the Bell County Sheriff's Office said Thursday that the troops ranged in rank from private to major, and were each released on bonds ranging from $1,500 to $2,500. They were a part of a group of 20 people arrested after agreeing to pay for sex.
© Fotolia / mario beauregard ‘Looking for Discreet Fun': Minnesota Police Chief Nabbed in Underage Prostitution Sting
Cruz explained that deputies from the Special Crimes Unit used websites known for being used to advertise sex work.
Communicating with suspects mostly through text messages, potential customers would discuss the sexual activity they were interested in and the amount of time they sought, agreeing to prices that ranged from $60 to $200, Special Crimes Unit Director Lt. Michele Cianci told the Kileen Daily Herald.
Suspects were immediately taken into custody after being greeted by a female officer posing as a sex worker.
"The purpose of the operation is to crack down on sex trafficking and to identify and arrest individuals seeking sexual acts in exchange for an agreed upon fee in Bell County," Cruz said, according to Stars and Stripes. "Our goal is to focus our efforts on sex buyers who are seeking to take advantage of sex trafficking victims. We are putting these predators on notice that our Bell County community will not tolerate their behavior."
© AFP 2018 / Christof Stache Hundreds of Young Migrants Rescued From Prostitution Hell by German Charity
Fort Hood Public Affairs Director Tom Rheinlander told KWTX that the base is cooperating fully with authorities, and that "Allegations such as these are taken seriously as they run counter to Army values."
The soldiers could receive jail time or a fine for misdemeanor solicitation charges, and their military careers could be impacted as pandering and prostitution violates the Uniform Code of Military Justice. A maximum penalty for service members found guilty at court martial is a year of confinement and a dishonorable discharge.
"We're certainly putting everyone on notice that this kind of activity will not be tolerated here in Bell County, Texas," Bell County Sheriff Eddy Lange said Tuesday. "We want everyone to know that you don't know who you are talking to on the other end of that computer or the other end of your phone while texting and it could very well be the police."
Image copyright London City Airport Image caption The expansion will included upgraded transport links
A £344m expansion programme at London City Airport has been given the go-ahead by ministers.
The plans include an extended terminal, a new aircraft taxiway and upgraded public transport links, creating more than 2,000 jobs.
The expansion will raise the number of take-offs and landings at the airport from 70,000 a year to 111,000.
The "terrible" decision has been dubbed "reckless" by Green Party London assembly member Caroline Russell.
There will be a "generous" compensation package for local residents, the government said.
London City Airport estimates the scheme will create 1,600 jobs for staff, together with 500 construction jobs.
It's estimated this will almost double the number of passengers to six million a year by 2023.
Chancellor Philip Hammond said the investment was a "vote of confidence in the resilience of our economy".
Mr Hammond said: "London City Airport's ambitious growth plans will boost international connections, strengthening the City of London's links to destinations across the world, and send a clear signal that Britain is open for business."
Objection lifted
The planning decision was formally approved by Transport Secretary Chris Grayling and Communities and Local Government Secretary Sajid Javid.
Former London mayor Boris Johnson blocked the expansion plans, which had been backed by Newham Council.
One of Sadiq Khan's first decisions as mayor was to lift their predecessor's objection, which has paved the way for the government decision.
Ms Russell said the decision went against Mr Khan's pledge to be the greenest mayor London has ever had.
"From not being able to sleep with the windows open due to aircraft noise at night, to higher levels of asthma in children who live in the area - people in east London are really going to suffer because of this reckless decision," they said.
The support for improvements at City Airport comes amid continued delays over a decision on the expansion of Heathrow or Gatwick.
The London Chamber of Commerce (LCCI) said it was "positive news", but argued a decision about Heathrow should now be made soon.
Google's Chrome web browser keeps getting better. According to a new post on Google+, the company says that, starting on September 1st, Chrome will begin to pause many Flash ads by default in order to improve performance for its users. This change was first announced in June, and initially rolled out to the beta version of the Chrome desktop web browser.
At the time, Google noted that it would pause the Flash content that it deemed wasn't “important” to you, while still allowing you to watch the videos you wanted to see. And in the case that it had incorrectly paused content you did want to view, you could simply click on the item to resume playback.
Stopping Flash content, like auto-playing advertisements, makes sense in today's increasingly mobile world where web surfers are just as likely – if not more likely – to be surfing using an untethered laptop (or Chromebook!) to browse with Chrome as they are sitting at a desktop computer. Auto-playing Flash content can quickly drain a laptop's battery, not to mention get on users' nerves.
By displaying this content, Google says that users will see better battery life and speed improvements.
Lest you think Chrome's squashing of Flash content is a slight to Adobe, it's worth pointing out that Google actually partnered with Adobe to develop the feature. In the post from earlier this summer, Google explained that the browser would now intelligently pause things like Flash animations on webpages, while allowing video content that's more central to the page to run without interruption. The end result is that you'll be able to web surf for longer without needing to plug in to a power outlet.
As this change to how Flash content is displayed could impact advertisers, Google also notes in the post from this week that most Flash ads uploaded to Google Ads are automatically converted to HTML5 instead. However, advertisers who need to ensure their ads continue to show on the Google Display Network will need to follow some additional procedures ahead of the September 1st deadline to identify those ads not eligible for automatic conversion and then make the conversions themselves.
Google, like other tech companies, including most notably Apple, has been working to distance itself from Flash technology for some time. In January, Google-owned YouTube switched over to streaming HTML5 video by default, for example.
And more recently, we've seen other shifts away from Flash too. Facebook's security chief called for Flash to be killed off for good. (Facebook supports HTML5 video, but also Flash due to browser compatibility issues – which is troublesome to those in the security community due to things like Flash Player's tendency toward zero-day vulnerabilities.
It is time for Adobe to announce the end-of-life date for Flash and to ask the browsers to set killbits on the same day. — Alex Stamos (@alexstamos) July 12, 2015
In addition, video game streaming service Twitch began moving away from the technology thanks to a redesign of its video player controls announced last month. However, video gaming is a major area where the technology still seems to have a hold, as gaming site Kotaku also detailed last month. For game developers, the concern is that browser makers will eventually stop supporting the technology altogether, meaning that tens of thousands of online games would stop working.
Chrome's latest move to stop playing Flash content automatically isn't exactly reaching that point yet, but it's certainly a step in that general direction.
By Abraham Cooper and Yitzchok Adlerstein
A recent Los Angeles Times editorial (July 8) criticized Israel for barring certain BDS (Boycott, Divestment, Sanctions) activists from entering its borders. The Times presents the global movement as merely “an opinion in favor of a nonviolent protest movement that is unpopular in the country.”
The Times acknowledged that Israel is “a strong democracy marked by vigorous debate and a tolerance of alternative points of view, at least for its own citizens inside its own borders.” Indeed, Israel's raucous democratic tent is large enough to include the full spectrum of political and social debate and dissent representing its over 8 million Jewish and Arab citizens. That's reflected in daily debates in its Knesset and in overheated, hyperactive media.
But democracies also have the right to defend themselves from those seeking their destruction.
Today, the BDS movement serves as the tipping point of an asymmetrical war of demonization, de-legitimization, and ultimately doing away with the Jewish state.
That BDSers use words rather than bullets does not make it goals and tactics less malevolent.
After 9/11, the United States, recognizing the existential threat that jihadists posed to our country, passed the Patriot Act, which curtailed some of our civil liberties. This does not make America less of a democracy; it makes us responsible guardians of it. Democracies around the world block people—including on Social Media— who do harm to the national interest.
The original stated goal of BDSers was clear: leveraging boycotts to force Israel to the negotiating table. But read the fine print of Omar Barghouti, the godfather of the movement. They quickly shifted BDS' focus to stigmatizing Israel as a “pariah state.” By 2010, Barghouti publicly admitted that the BDS Movement is really a public relations gambit designed to prepare the ground for the ultimate destruction of Israel: “If the refugees were to return, you would not have a two state solution, you'd have a Palestine next to a Palestine.”
Until now, the BDS Movement has succeeded in convincing numerous university student governments (but no university governing bodies), often using questionable election tactics like removing pro-Israel students from discussions altogether. These campaigns often tried to intimidate Jewish and other supporters of Israel on campuses.
Academic boycott resolutions have often been coordinated with anti-Israel votes by extreme labor union bodies.
In the area of trade and economics, BDS has struck out. Israel's hi-tech driven boom stands out as a role model to the world. Don't bother asking China, India, or Warren Buffet about BDS. They are all in when it comes to investing in and with the Jewish state.
Then there is Roger Waters, of Pink Floyd fame, railing against the “Jewish lobby” In 2013, their European concerts floated a pig-shaped balloon branded with a Jewish star. A few days ago, they compared Israel to Nazis, and said that they knew of no more oppressive regime on the planet. Waters admitted was uneasy about Syria where over 400,000 of their its people have perished. (The total dead on both sides of the Israel-Palestine conflict is about 100,000; over a period of 70 years).
Democratic principles do not include national suicide. Mahatma Gandhi, observing what the Nazis were planning for the Jews, advised them not to resist. “The calculated violence of Hitler may even result in a general massacre of the Jews…. But if the Jewish mind could be prepared for voluntary suffering, even the massacre I have imagined could be turned into a day of thanksgiving and joy.” Maybe for anti-Semites like Roger Waters.
Recent years have revealed a decline in major sports attendance due to how good the experience of watching at home now is. Bitcoin casinos are taking advantage of this same phenomenon to grow exponentially.
Bitcoin is decentralized, mostly anonymous, and is not subject to variance in rules and regulations that traditional currency around the world is. For these reasons, it has become a popular way for people from around the globe to engage in gambling entertainment. It makes sense due to the cultural and religious stigma that is often associated with gambling. Making the trip to a brick and mortar casino or gaming on a traditional currency based online casino can be a hassle.
Bitcoin allows for anonymous deposits and withdraws in a near instant fashion, making bitcoin gambling virtually anonymous. Further, bitcoin casino players can engage in their favorite games of chance or skill whenever they choose from the comfort of their own home. Hotels, transportation, and eating out costs are all eliminated.
Sports Betting is also Experiencing Massive Growth
Sports betting is another form of bitcoin gambling entertainment that has expanded at a frenetic rate, with vast potential to continue to grow. March Madness, the nickname for the tournament that decides the collegiate basketball championship in the United States, is expecting to take in more than 9 billion dollars' worth of bets this year. Clearly the thirst for action from consumers is there and growing every single year. There are a large number of sports books who currently accept bitcoin deposits and bets.
Sports and outcome betting junkies will also be excited to learn about bitcoin betting exchanges. Unlike traditional sports betting, where the house places the odds and the players can choose to either take those odds or not place a bet, bitcoin betting exchanges offer players a chance to play both sides.
The betting exchanges work by supplying a venue for the action of players, who are able to place odds themselves or accept the odds of another player. Players bet against each other, the bitcoin betting exchange is simply a facilitator of the action. With this new freedom in action, players can either be the layer of odds or the (backer) of the bet. Both layers and backers can choose the odds they prefer, or create their own and allow other players to accept them if they wish.
What makes this unique is bettors of both sides are able to place bets at odds they feel are most advantageous to them. This is not the only reason bitcoin betting exchanges should be on the radar of event occurrence betting enthusiasts, they will also save you a bundle on fees. Since bitcoin betting exchanges are not active participants in the bet, the fees associated with wagering there are dramatically lower than traditional sports books.
Instead of the industry standard 5%-16%, bitcoin betting exchanges offer rates of around 2%. This is a huge equity gain for large and small players alike, giving everyone a better opportunity to be successful. If you have not yet looked into bitcoin betting exchanges, but enjoy the action of outcome based and sports wagering, now is definitely the time to do so.
Fantasy sports betting is experiencing a prolonged growth spurt, becoming a multi-billion dollar industry in just a few short years. Just like with poker 5 years ago, state and federal regulators are cracking down with the exposure exponential growth has given fantasy sports betting. Many are frustrated with government involvement, suspecting it has more to do with the desire of traditional gambling outlets to protect their business than with the concern for customer safety.
Calls for bitcoin to be integrated into the largest fantasy sports gambling sites have been ramping up on social media. Enthusiasts should pay close attention to the potential acceptance of bitcoin into their favorite fantasy sports gambling sites, as it is likely coming soon. Until then a large number of very reputable sites offer traditional sports betting based entirely on bitcoin, so no one is left without any options by their local regulations.
Bitcoin Poker is Alleviating Frustration in the Online Poker World
Online Poker is not a new phenomenon, growing from a small community to over 50 million unique players participating in real money games in 2015. Also not new is the difficulty of depositing and withdrawing from online poker sites. Long brutally slow or even outlawed by national and local governments, traditional methods of withdrawing your money onto and off of poker sites have been a tedious process at best.
Now many mainstreams online poker sites are accepting bitcoin deposits and withdraws. Players can participate in big time online tournaments with up to a million dollar guarantee. Cash players can find steadily populated games from the micros all the way up to high stakes action.
Research is Vital to a Satisfactory Bitcoin Gambling Experience
Due to the large scale growth of bitcoin gambling casinos, bitcoin poker, and bitcoin sports books, researching where to play is now a must. Like any major industry, nefarious bitcoin gambling sites are out there looking to take advantage of unsuspecting players. In order to combat these players should be aware of the dangers and do their homework in terms of researching a site prior to depositing money there.
First and foremost is ensuring that the site you are considering is using provably fair technology. Provably fair technology is now a bitcoin gambling standard and players should only trust sites that use it. The technology essentially eliminates the ability for either the bitcoin casino or the player to engage in any kind of cheating or exploitation. For a bet to be placed, it requires data from both the house and the player to be engaged. Once the bet is finished, it is publicly recorded with the outcome being something the player can verify immediately. This is a safeguard that every player should ensure the bitcoin gambling site they choose to wager uses.
Secondly, bitcoin forums and bitcoin casino review sites are an invaluable tool for players. Bitcoin gambling forums can give players a first-hand account of their experience, good or bad, with bitcoin gambling sites. This allows for players to make an informed decision based on how other players felt about their play on certain sites. Review sites are excellent sources of information about the specifics of each bitcoin casino, as well as a guide to where to find the best promotions and player deals to take advantage of.
Behold your new doubleshipped miscreant stepchild of the Marvel NOW! reboot. It's bombastic, it's played for laughs, and it focuses on one of the most loved and hated characters in comic history.
And it's satisfactory. I guess.
Daniel Way's Deadpool, running since the Secret Invasion crossover in 2008, captured what many consider to be the essence of the character: a psychotic, self-aware parody who drops into the background of everyone else's Marvel Universe to wreak havoc and eat tacos.
It was violent in the cheesiest extreme, it was nonsensical at times, but it was written with the dark undertones of Wade Wilson's multiple-personality disorder, existential boredom and desire to die. It was gory, it was goofy, and it really hit the nail on the head: Deadpool is a parody. Their character is tired of its own subject matter. Their existence is a riff on itself.
Enter the “new” Deadpool by Brian Posehn and Gerry Duggan.
Doubleshipped this first month to bump up publicity, the book retains the nonsense and violence of Way's iteration without any of the subtlety, or (most notably absent) psychotic commentary. In short, what made it a brilliant metafiction has been pulled out, leaving a shell of a story; like a vivisected body without a brain.
In issue #1 we saw Amanda Waller ripoff “Agent Prescott” of S.H.I.E.L.D. put in charge of saving the United States from the evil resurrected dead presidents of the same country when a rogue magician unleashes them. And who should they choose to execute their orders but our beloved wisecracking Wade Wilson! ...with the mouth. But as 'Pool hacks and slashes their way through corpsefied POTUSes and equally flatlined historical puns, an essential part of the charm is gone.
Valiant effort by the authors, and at times I did feel the full swell of the irreverence and insensitivity that made me love the character in the first place. But I expected more than extraneous dialogue, limp one-liners, anemic pop-culture references and displaced guts. I saw a graphic depiction of disembowelment in issue #1, just two weeks ago. It was obnoxious and artless the first time; now it's obnoxious and artless and stale.
On the positive side: the artwork was exuberant. It wasn't necessarily fresh or innovative, but the enjoyable construction and detail of Tony Moore's straightforward pencils are complimented by Val Staples' bold palette, showing a level of simplistic elegance absent from the story's dialogue. The sequence of the story is easy to follow, and tailors itself well to the plot.
Altogether, I wouldn't consider this a complete waste of three dollars... After all, it's not in just any book we can see Deadpool fight a zombified Teddy Roosevelt. In the ranking of nerd fantasy battles I think that sits almost even with Boba Fett vs. Nikolai Tesla. But I'm still going to take a pass on issue #3. Instead, I'll get my monthly dose of Danny Way's Deadpool in the upcoming reboot of Thunderbolts, which, uncultured philistine that I am, I'm sure I'm going to love.
Oh, and cover artist Geoff Darrow can't draw elephants worth a pile of dog poop. But then again, neither can Tony Moore. Cheers.
MADOC TOWNSHIP, ONT. — Carol Paranuik once loved to bake. “I used to bake pies and tarts and cakes and cookies all the time,” they said. “I rarely bake now.” This grandmother's problem is not their health, but rather their hydro bill.
Forty years ago, they and their husband, Dave, built a modest brick bungalow on a winding road north of Madoc, Ont. — about 225 kilometres east of Toronto. At the time, the government offered them a $1,500 grant to wire their home for electric heat.
“Fifteen hundred dollars was a lot of money back then,” recalls Carol, drinking coffee at their dining room table. They add bitterly: “They've gotten their money back since.”
And then some. On May 1, 2014, they received a Hydro One bill for $2,389.28.
“It's ridiculous,” Carol said. They refused to pay, so Hydro One sent them a new bill: for $1,793.22. “How did they come up with that?” they ask. “It's a wonder they haven't sent the cops around to see if we are running a grow-op.”
The bills have subsided somewhat; still, their most recent bill for one month of power totalled $523.25. (Hydro One says it did not send the Paranuiks a bill for four months in 2014, which explains the May bill).
It's a wonder they haven't sent the cops around to see if we are running a grow-op
Ontario's soaring electricity bills have become the biggest test to Premier Kathleen Wynne's Liberal government. Amid furor over massive subsidies to wind and solar energy producers, the loudest outcry has come from the 1.1 million customers of the province's biggest power distribution company, Hydro One Networks Inc.
Toronto, Ottawa, and dozens of smaller communities maintain their own poles and wires. The rest of Ontario has Hydro One. Created in 1999 by former Progressive Conservative premier Mike Harris, Hydro One has since purchased more than 100 small utilities across Ontario.
Efficiency should have produced savings, but the opposite is true: an analysis of 86 utilities Hydro One bought before 2005 shows that those customers' distribution charges rose 99 per cent over the next 10 years. Distribution rates for utilities that remained in municipal hands rose at about the inflation rate, about 16 per cent.
“They are becoming more inefficient,” said Tim Curtis, president of municipally owned Niagara-on-the-Lake Hydro, who did the study, “because their rates are going up much more quickly than ours.”
They are becoming more inefficient because their rates are going up much more quickly than ours
Ontario this year sold 30 per cent of Hydro One on the stock market, and vows to sell another third, which will leave just 40 per cent of the utility in public hands. Customers and opposition parties are outraged and demand Ontario halt the sale.
“There is only one set of wires,” said Todd Smith, Progressive Conservative MPP for Prince Edward-Hastings. “This is a monopoly. We believe we have to keep electricity in public hands.”
Smith spoke those words on the night of Sept. 28 at a “Hydro One public meeting” at a community centre in a converted cheese factory in Corbyville, a suburb of Belleville. The standing-room-only crowd of 120, many with canes and hearing aids, came clutching their hydro bills to tell Smith and Fiona Crean, Hydro One's ombudsman, their horror stories of Hydro One, which they called a rapacious, arrogant and distant giant.
“The transformer at my place has blown up twice,” Colleen Trip, a retired civil servant, told the crowd. “We've had the fire department out. I called Hydro One and the woman said, ‘Well, if you don't like Hydro, we can come and take the lines out.”
Kim Egan, chief financial officer for GH Manufacturing in Belleville, told Crean, “If Hydro One were competing for customers, they would be out of business.”
I called Hydro One and the woman said, ‘Well, if you don't like Hydro, we can come and take the lines out
Crean looked as though they longed for their previous job, ombudsman for Toronto, when all they had to grapple with was Rob Ford.
Hydro One said the Ontario Energy Board allows the company to earn a “return on equity” rate of 9.19 per cent. On top of that, the company argues, it is pricey to maintain the network that takes power to remote areas.
“We have 1.6 million poles,” says Daffyd Roderick, a Hydro One spokesperson. “It takes a lot of equipment to deliver power to all our rural customers.”
But this does not explain why Gordon and Dianne Marasco in the Town of Pelham, in the Niagara Peninsula, pay a lot more for electricity than some of their neighbours.
Pelham has two electricity distribution companies. Some residents get power from Niagara Peninsula Energy Inc., of which the town is an owner. The Marascos get electricity from Hydro One, and their bill is 20-per-cent higher than Niagara Peninsula bills.
Among the reasons: Five years ago, Hydro One reclassified some parts of Pelham from “high density” to “medium density,” which increased distribution charges. This seems odd, since the 2011 census showed Pelham's population rose 2.7 per cent from 2006 — in other words, it is getting more dense, not less.
Hydro One appears to have taken a chunk of Thorold, a much more rural municipality, and grafted it to part of Pelham to create a “medium density” billing area. (A 2011 consultant's report for Hydro One noted that the utility's “current demarcation rules allow for interpretation, in particular when determining the specific geographic boundaries between rate classes.”)
The change in density brought an average increase of $25 per monthly hydro bill, estimates Marasco, a retired electrical engineer. They estimate the changes cost Pelham's 5,000 Hydro One customer $1.5 million a year.
My sole goal is to put pressure on Hydro One to get these damn rates down to where the hell they should be
“My sole goal is to put pressure on Hydro One to get these damn rates down to where the hell they should be,” said Marasco, eating Caesar salad at Mossimo's, a local pizzeria. “These people are hiding behind the fact that they are inefficient.”
Roderick said Hydro One's reclassification of customers was revenue neutral.
“It was a correction of a historical error,” they said. “The system is designed to be as fair as absolutely possible.” Hydro One adds, “Our records indicate that Mr. Marasco has always been classified in the medium density rate class.” Their bills say otherwise. Hydro One later revised its reply, and noted that in 2011 “Hydro One renamed its rate classes. High density renamed to medium density.”
Customers of nearby municipally owned Niagara-on-the-Lake Hydro who use 800 kWh of electricity pay $145, compared with $185 for their Hydro One neighbours.
“Hydro One rates are going up five per cent a year,” said Niagara-on-the-Lake Hydro's Curtis. “Yes, they should be higher (because they have so many rural customers), but it doesn't mean their rates should be increasing faster than ours. Serving Pelham should not be more expensive than serving Niagara-on-the-Lake.”
Despite the rate hikes, Hydro One can still find towns willing to let it take over. Last month, Hydro One bought the electrical distribution business of Orillia, Ont., the setting for writer Stephen Leacock's classic book, Sunshine Sketches of a Little Town. Mayor Steve Clarke said Hydro One's commitment to build an Integrated Strategic Operations Centre won them over.
“We have some social issues and we could use a shot in the arm for our family income,” said Clarke, a local bar owner and father of four.
The town plans to sock away the proceeds and spend just the interest. Hydro One has vowed to leave rates flat for five years.
Sarah Valiquette-Thompson is among three councillors who voted against the sale.
“The press about Hydro One has been terrible,” they note. “It's very scary.”
Roderick said Hydro One has empathy for customers.
“We see that they are having a hard time paying electricity bills,” they said. “Their total bills have risen over the past decade, like the cost of groceries.”
Back in Madoc Township, Hydro One concedes that it bills the Paranuiks for two to three times the power that a typical family of four consumes, but has no explanation.
The Paranuiks are left struggling to reduce their bill. They use a clothesline, switched to a smaller hot water heater, and turn off nearly all lights at night. They no longer hang Christmas lights. They bought a new fridge. They heat with firewood.
“We sit with blankets on us to watch TV in winter because it is so cold,” Carol said.
It's a crowning irony that their husband spent their career at Ontario Hydro. Retired, Dave now drives a school bus to pay their hydro bill.
Still, once in awhile the urge is too great, and Carol returns to their oven. “Sometimes if it's a rainy cold day and I have some ripe bananas, I'll bake some banana bread to take the chill off the house.”
pkuitenbrouwer@nationalpost.com
No. 5 the Film (2004) is a 180-second short film directed by Baz Luhrmann (Romeo + Juliet, Moulin Rouge!) and starring Nicole Kidman and Rodrigo Santoro. Karl Lagerfeld designed the costumes;[1] they also briefly appears in the film. It is part of a new breed of advertising crossover films known as branded content. It had a budget of US$33 million, financed exclusively by Chanel. Visually captivating, the film is an extended television commercial for Chanel No. 5 perfume. The film was initially screened in many North American cinemas during the "Coming Attractions" section preceding the main feature. During the 2006 Christmas season, an edited 30-second TV spot was shown on primetime on many networks in Canada and the United States. Kidman was paid $3 million for their role in the advertisement.[2]
Runtime [ edit ]
The original version after preliminary editing came to around 360 seconds, but this was later edited to a more manageable 180 seconds, including 60 seconds of credits, for television broadcast and cinema advertisement. Further cutting has led to subsequent 90-second (as seen in the UK) and 30-second (seen mostly in the U.S. and Canada) versions of the advert, shown after the first runs of the advert.
Plot [ edit ]
A famous celebrity (Nicole Kidman) runs away in a pink dress in the middle of Times Square in New York City, only to get into a cab with the one man who does not know who they are, a plot line similar to Roman Holiday.[3] After four days in their Lower East Side apartment, their secretary (Lagerfeld) commands them to return to their life as a celebrity.[4] The paparazzi take pictures of them as they walk upstairs, and they look at big letters, a graphical device often used in Luhrmann's Red Curtain Trilogy, on top of a building that read "Coco Chanel" with their lover standing next to them. They smile at each other and then the credits are shown.
Music [ edit ]
The main musical theme of the film is Claude Debussy's "Clair de lune", arranged by Craig Armstrong and performed by the Sydney Symphony Orchestra.
Sequel [ edit ]
In 2014 Baz Luhrmann created a sequel film titled Chanel No. 5: The One That I Want. The film stars model Gisele Bündchen and actor Michiel Huisman.[3]
References [ edit ]
First there was water.
Then came the beer, first from one brewpub in 1980, then more through the decade.
By 2008, there were some 30—and today there are at least 50 beer brewing locations in Portland, Oregon, more beer outlets per capita than in perhaps any other large community in the world. Indeed, beer lovers call Portland “Beervana,” a compact little city of bridges, bicycles, streetcars, a prosperous downtown and brewpubs by the dozen. In certain districts, such an establishment stands around every other corner—a fragrant place inside with steel tanks in the corner, polished taps along the bar, a colorful chalkboard menu scribbled with funny beer names, and often a scruffy man wearing overalls splattered with hop slurry serving patrons beer they made himself. Each of Portland's four quadrants—Northeast, Southeast, Southwest and Northwest—has its selection of brewpubs, and in some neighborhoods one must hardly walk three blocks before running into another bar that pours its very own oatmeal stout, India pale ale, barleywine and so many other beer styles. Locally brewed? The concept takes on a whole new scale of meaning in Portland.
So how did this small city get this way in a nation where not so long ago the populace was content to drink from a selection of five or six national canned lagers? Some believe it may be the water. Local beer journalist Brian Yaeger, also the owner of a beer-themed bed-and-breakfast called Inn Beervana, explained to me that the pipes under Portland flow with unfluoridated water, providing brewers with their main ingredient in top form—clean and pure, and virtually free. Yaeger also points out that Portland's proximity to the Yakima and Willamette valleys places this haystack-meets-hipster city within arm's reach of two of the world's most important hop-growing regions. It may be no surprise that India pale ales, or IPAs—heavily steeped with bitter hops as they are—is a staple of the Pacific Northwest, and that the Department of Agriculture's hop growing and breeding station is just 70 miles south, in Corvallis. Meanwhile, experimental beer styles have gained popularity, including sour beers made tart by the addition of various microbes into the brew tank, beers made buttery and creamy by aging in old whiskey barrels, and various styles brewed up black as coal using dark malts, like black IPAs, black lagers and black saisons.
The beers of Portland aren't always cheap. A Portland friend of mine, once a die-hard beer aficionado—and the first person I ever knew to ask a waiter for samples of several beers before placing their order (“You're making us look like snobs!” I cringed at the time)—now regularly drinks Pabst Blue Ribbon simply because craft beer has ascended beyond their budget. Indeed, many six-packs of local craft beer go $10, and single bottles of specialty beers commonly run $12 or more. But brewpubs often include their otherwise almost-dollar-per-ounce fancy beers in tasting trays—a fun way to try six beers or more at a sitting in two- or three-ounce sample glasses, usually for $8 or so for the whole array. But the variety and volume of Portland's beer may overwhelm even the hardiest beer drinkers—so don't bother trying to taste them all. Anyway, it's the beers untasted that may bring you back.
And don't forget to drink the water.
A Sampling of Classic Portland Brewpubs:
Bridgeport Brewing Company. 1313 Northwest Marshall Street, Portland. This popular downtown brewpub in the Northwest district claims to be “Oregon's oldest craft brewery,” founded in 1984. Beers include a double red ale, an Imperial IPA and a black pale ale. NOTE: Cartwright's, which opened in 1980, is said to have been the first craft brewery in Oregon and the first pub to pull a tap handle on its own beer in modern-day Portland—but it closed in 1983.
Hair of the Dog Brewing Company. 61 Southeast Yamhill Street, Portland. Known for its eccentric beers often of high-alcohol and with one-word person names like Lila, Will, Ruth and Greg, Hair of the Dog was established in 1993 and once gained fame for making an ice-distilled barleywine named Dave of 29 percent alcohol by volume, hailed at the time as the strongest beer ever. Classics of the brewery today—like its strong ales Fred and Adam—can be found in bottles in many states, while patrons at the pub have the chance to sample onsite small-batch oddities, including familiar beers aged in barrels.
McMenamins. This widespread company of hotels, restaurants, coffee houses and distilleries also includes 24 brewing locations around Oregon. Popular McMenamins beers include the Terminator Stout, Edgefield Wheat, Black Rabbit Porter and Sunflower IPA. The first McMenamins brewpub opened in 1985. Today, the giant operation produces reputable beer, but the owner-operated, brewer-behind-the-bar feel vanished from McMenimans years ago.
A Few Well-liked Newcomers:
Gigantic Brewing Company. 5224 Southeast 26th Avenue, Portland. Freshly opened this spring, Gigantic is pouring some of the very newest beer in Oregon, including a very strange black saison called “The City that Never Sleeps,” plus an IPA, to be poured year-round.
Upright Brewing Company. 240 North Broadway (not Northeast Broadway), Portland. Another infant of the local beer community, Upright was born in 2009 and is now a known maverick in creative brewing. Never mind the ubiquitous IPAs and brown ales of almost every other brewery—for Upright makes lesser known European styles with a Northwest flare. Look for the oyster stout, the blossom-infused Flora Rustica and the Fatali Four, brewed with chili peppers.
Hopworks Urban Brewery. 2944 Southeast Powell Boulevard, Portland. Bicycles and beer flow together at Hopworks. The tap handles are made of bicycle headset pieces and old hubs, while several dozen bike frames hang above the bar. The brewpub has six staple beers, including two IPAs and an espresso stout, plus four temporary seasonal brews when I recently stopped in. One of the latter is called Kentucky Christmas, a brawny brown ale aged in old bourbon barrels for a creamy, vanilla-and-coconut flavor. Hopworks has recently launched a satellite location in the Northeast district called, plainly enough, Bike Bar.
Also of Note:
Deschutes Brew Pub, 210 Northwest 11th Avenue, Portland. Opened in 2008, this pub and restaurant serves all the great beers brewed at the original location in Bend, Oregon.
Horse Brass Pub, 4534 Southeast Belmont Street, Portland. They don't brew their own beer, but the menu is an almost comprehensive sampling of the city's beer, and the pub itself is considered a Portland must-see essential.
Where Else to Find Beer? Refer to this map of the city's brewpubs.
Also, learn more from Hop in the Saddle, a new beer-by-bicycle guidebook to Portland's craft brewing scene. Written jointly by Ellie Thalheimer and Lucy Burningham, the book leads cyclists with a pedal-powered thirst from brewery to brewery, to those big and famous and those small and secret. Skeptics may ask if beer and bicycles have anything at all to do with one another. In Portland, they sure do. In the words of coauthor Burningham: “While the scientific community has yet to conduct a proper inquiry, we've conducted our own studies and can attest to one simple fact: beer tastes great after a bike ride. There's something about how a cool brew hits the endorphin-fueled, post-ride body that creates maximum happiness.”
We're at that point in this election cycle where people are no longer being coy about their bigotry ― something Junkee learned first hand when they sent Australian drag queen Courtney Act to a Trump rally to interview the Republican nominee's supporters.
The results are... troubling, and certainly not funny anymore as the presidential election looms even closer. The “RuPaul's Drag Race” alum encountered many different shades of bigotry, including one woman who had some very perplexing ideas about Islam.
“It doesn't matter what your religion is, but I do believe that the Muslim is not a religion,” they say in the above video. “I believe it's more of a cult and if people got together and sacrificed a human baby or sacrificed a woman at the stake, I would say that people would probably say that's not a good religion. Like Satanic cults, for instance, they're not legal in our country and therefore I don't believe Sharia law should be legal either.”
However, not everyone at the rally was so out of touch. Courtney Act also met a group of young protestors who got SO excited after recognizing the star from “RuPaul's Drag Race.”
Watch the results for yourself above.
People often take things too far on social media, but a Phoenix doctor may have raised the bar.
According to South Stands Denver, pediatric cardiologist Dr. Scott Schnee told Adrian Dater of the Denver Post to go see a movie in Aurora and join Jessica, a clear reference to Jessica Redfield who was killed in the “Dark Knight Rises” shooting.
Why? Because Dater was harsh on the Phoenix Coyotes.
The account was set to private before it was deleted.
In a series of follow-up tweets, Schnee did not show much remorse, instead saying it just happened to hit Coloradans where it hurts.
However, Schnee released an apology on Wednesday morning.
In response to the tweets, Banner Health released the following statement. It has not been altered in any way.
We are currently gathering details on this situation. Please know that Banner Health takes this matter very seriously, and will provide information, as appropriate.
The Coyotes fanbase certainly has had a tough go of it, but it's certainly not worth it to tell someone to die in a mass shooting.
The 100 trillion bacteria on the human body, known as the microbiome, have long been a mystery, but scientists may be on the brink of understanding how to harness them to improve health.
Second Genome of South San Francisco said Monday that its first experimental drug is advancing in a phase I clinical trial for the treatment of inflammatory bowel disease. Through its research on the microbiome, the company thinks that the drug, SGM-1019, inhibits a target that is a key driver of that disease.
SGM-1019, which comes in the form of a pill, was shown to be safe in a small group of healthy people who took small doses of it in a double-blind, placebo-controlled trial. The drug will now be tested in multiple doses, and the trial is expected to be completed this year.
The microbiome is one of the hottest areas in biological research right now. Scientists think that the bacteria play a bigger-than-previously-expected role in maintaining good health and contributing to chronic diseases — but the innerworkings of those relationships are still being decoded. Second Genome studies how the microbiome interacts with the body's biology systems and seeks to design therapies based on that activity.
“SGM-1019 has the potential to address a critical unmet need in inflammatory bowel disease treatment as a safe and well-tolerated oral therapy with important disease-modifying effect,” said Peter DiLaura, president and CEO of Second Genome, in a statement.
Following the work of the King over their nearly half century reign brings us fascinating insights about the development of their style and of the art form itself. No artist can develop in a vacuum, and when one discovers influences along the way it is always a thrill. Kirby often mentions newspaper strip artists like Alex Raymond as inspiration, but as beautiful as Raymond's work is, it has a studio staged, posed and slightly static look about it. Kirby's best work is more cinematic and one longs to see examples of prior comic art that had their sort of kinetics.
Jack Kirby began to hit their stride when they and Joe Simon began working for Martin Goodman's Timely Comics, and Captain America was the team's first smash hit. Befitting the hero's athletic skill, Kirby drew them as a sleek, muscular contortionist. Cap's body moved in ways that defied gravity and conventional anatomy. If one looks at this page from Captain America #2, one sees something quite different from the thicker, blockier figures that the artist drew later in their career. Look at the red, white and blue figure arching over the telephone wires or at their long legged stride, running in the lower left panel.
I've chosen this particular sequence not only for its expression of dynamic physicality but also for its inking style, the delicate precision brush work of Reed Crandall, whose work shows the influence of another artist that also had a profound impact on Jack Kirby.
The following page is that of artist Lou Fine, who came to prominence working in the Eisner-Iger studio in 1938. This sample is from the 1940 series, the Ray. If one compares the two pages, it seems clear that Kirby and Crandall are taking pains give their Captain America story a distinctly Lou Fine-esque feeling.
Fine seems to specialize in a style of figure work that accentuates agility and lithe muscularity. It also stresses the contrapuntal torque of the body that Kirby was to master as their career developed.
Observe the torso of the Ray in the fourth panel, twisting up from the floor and to the left. Then compare the fifth panel with the Ray dodging an ax to the smaller inset of Captain America, on the receiving end of a headshot from a medieval dress-clad villain. If not a direct swipe, the S&K pose bears a striking resemblance to Fine's original.
Fine's best work also optimizes the use of the page as a total composition. If we look again at the Ray page above, we can see their strengths as a designer in the way the page is composed. Horizontal, vertical and diagonal shapes all work together to make the page cohesive. Panel four is particularly effective in using the diagonal perspective of the room to accentuate the deep space dynamism of the composition. This was something that Kirby would learn to do with maximum efficiency.
Joe Simon has stated that Fine was their favorite artist and a favorite of Kirby as well, and it shows on these Captain America pages. Kirby seems to have made a detailed study of Fine's figure work and incorporated aspects of it into their own distinctive style.
Kirby maintained their penchant for lithe muscular figures through the years that they worked with Joe Simon and only after leaving their long time partner did the King's style begin to bulk up. Once separate from Simon and their studio cohorts, Kirby seemed to strike out in a new direction, influenced and supported by such inkers and collaborators as Wally Wood and Dick Ayers.
It is most instructive to compare a page from a story in Captain America #1 that Kirby decided to revisit nearly twenty five years later in Tales of Suspense #65.
In the golden age version, Kirby utilizes the long limbed figure almost exclusively, and they all occupy a similar middle ground position, but in the sixties rendition, this particular exaggeration is only used in the last panel to suggest the extreme dynamic tension of Cap's body as they hold several adversaries at bay.
Kirby has assimilated Fine's extreme long limbed figure work into their artistic vocabulary, but as a mature artist, they use it sparingly and selectively. They adopt a more extreme three dimensional style with fore shortening used at least as often as lengthening to delineate action. Note the hand of the Nazi thrusting out of the panel under Cap's right leg, as well as the orange clad arm in the upper right corner reaching fore ward. Although this appears at first glance to be a Kirby innovation, there are examples of Fine doing this sort of thing in their Golden Age work, as in this Black Condor panel on the left.
This technique of having the somewhat foreshortened leg protruding from the lower right of the panel is something that Kirby adopts and takes to the next level of dynamism.
Kirby does not really begin to exploit this technique to maximum effect until the early to mid sixties. The artist had always used hand gestures for dramatic emphasis, such as characters pointing emphatically, but suddenly, all manner of limbs are thrust in your face in the most alarming way. Figures such as this of the Sub-Mariner, become hyper kinetic wonders of propulsion.
Like all great innovators, Kirby has adopted an idea and taken it several steps beyond. Kirby has taken aspects of Lou Fine's approach and internalized them, bringing our perceptions of a two dimensional newsprint page to a multi-dimensional artistic space-time continuum of our imagination.
.
1 – Simon, Joe, Kirby, Jack,(art and story) Captain America #2 The Ageless Orientals Who wouldn't Die, Marvel Masterworks Golden Age Captain America volume 1 pg #73
2 – Fine, Lou, The Ray, Smash Comics #20 pg10. Scan from Golden Age Comics website.
3 -Simon, Joe, Kirby, Jack (art and story) Captain America #3 The Hunchback of Hollywood and the Movie Murder, Marvel Masterworks Golden Age Captain America volume 1 pg#166
4 – Simon, Joe, Kirby, Jack (art and story) Captain America#1 Riddle of the Red Skull, Marvel Masterworks Golden Age Captain America volume1 pg#36
5 – Lee, Stan, Kirby, Jack (story, art) Tales of Suspense #65 The Red Skull Strikes, Marvel Masterworks, Captain America volume 1 pg#74
6 – Fine, Lou, (art), The Black Condor, Crack Comics #11, Scan from Golden Age Comics website
7 – Lee, Stan, Kirby, Jack (story, art) Fantastic Four #33 cover
Mike reviews this week's Artsploitation release, Bloody Knuckles , new to blu-ray.
"Finally someone brought out the gimp!"
Charlie Hebdo in January proved that even art and satire are not immune from consequence if the offended party doesn't see the humor. The film Bloody Knuckles may have been made before the Hebdo massacre, but its overall themes are eerily parallel to the tragedy. Unfortunately, what could have been clever satire gets muddied in a bloody mess of a film that can't quite decide how seriously it wants to take itself. Free speech and political correctness are popular topics of discussion these days. The brutal murder of writers and cartoonists at the French newspaperin January proved that even art and satire are not immune from consequence if the offended party doesn't see the humor. The filmmay have been made before themassacre, but its overall themes are eerily parallel to the tragedy. Unfortunately, what could have been clever satire gets muddied in a bloody mess of a film that can't quite decide how seriously it wants to take itself.
Bloody Knuckles is that the intended message gets lost in a lot of what else is going on. The anti-censorship rants at the story's heart are folded awkwardly into a plot reminiscent of the 199 film Idle Hands, with some weird S&M stuff thrown in for good measure. None of these concepts mesh as well together as the viewer might hope. Somewhere in this presentation could have been a pretty smart, interesting story had the correct balance between these been struck. Unfortunately writer/director Matt O. appeared to be in a bit over their head, resulting in a tonally very uneven film. The problem withis that the intended message gets lost in a lot of what else is going on. The anti-censorship rants at the story's heart are folded awkwardly into a plot reminiscent of the 199 film, with some weird S&M stuff thrown in for good measure. None of these concepts mesh as well together as the viewer might hope. Somewhere in this presentation could have been a pretty smart, interesting story had the correct balance between these been struck. Unfortunately writer/director Matt O. appeared to be in a bit over their head, resulting in a tonally very uneven film.
"You don't know where
those fingers have been!"
The Addams Family, the effect is still impressive here, and it results in a few interesting and fun scenes. Most of the effects are of the gross-out variety though, and Bloody Knuckles reaches for the stars here. It's not quite on the ridiculousness level of the legendary Riki-Oh: The Story of Riki, but it certainly does try. The acting in the film is also better than it has any right to be, with all of the leads turning in some impressive performances given the material. The special effects, which are well-done considering the likely budget limitations, are a saving grace. Besides the expected gore and other bodily fluids, the centerpiece is our hero's disembodied hand. Though many of the same techniques used to create it date back as far as 1991's, the effect is still impressive here, and it results in a few interesting and fun scenes. Most of the effects are of the gross-out variety though, andreaches for the stars here. It's not quite on the ridiculousness level of the legendary, but it certainly does try. The acting in the film is also better than it has any right to be, with all of the leads turning in some impressive performances given the material.
Sadly, neither of these is enough from keeping
from becoming as figurative of a mess as it is a literal one. Its prescient message about fighting back against censorship is at times pushed a bit too far in the opposite direction, resulting in uncomfortable moments of shock-for-shock's-sake. What we're left with is a disgusting, disjointed, disappointing "horror comedy" that never manages to succeed completely at being either one.
attempts to shock, but only manages to be shockingly mediocre.
Score
-Mike Stec
Felipe Massa seems unhappy with the Williams team.
Earlier at Suzuka, team official Paddy Lowe said that while the Brazilian veteran is still in the running for 2018, Robert Kubica and Paul di Resta will be tested "in the next few weeks".
Another rumour is that Pascal Wehrlein could get Massa's seat, perhaps as part of a discount on Williams' expensive Mercedes engine bill.
Massa said in Japan: "I'm concerned that the team could choose a path that could bring difficulties for the team.
"I think Lance (Stroll) has made a lot of progress through the year so perhaps Williams should keep the current lineup," they added.
So when asked about Lowe's admission that plenty of candidates are under consideration for the seat alongside Stroll next year, Massa said: "Paddy knows what's best for the team.
"Unfortunately, this is just formula one. I think if Williams acts professionally, they will leave everything as it is."
Massa, 36, actually retired at the end of last year, and only returned to Williams when Valtteri Bottas headed to Mercedes at the last moment.
Asked why they are now so keen to stay in F1 for another year, Massa explained: "In the past three years the cars did not suit my driving style.
"There was not much grip, the tyres did not work in a good way — it was not fun and I could not compensate with my style.
"Now, when I can feel that I can push to the maximum, the motivation increases. I still believe I can give a lot to the team," they added.
Would you be willing to take part in a focus group to discuss these experiences?
My name is Rosa Morris and I am doing research on:
changes over time in the way the government defines ‘disability' for the purposes of employment-related disability benefits how this definition compares with disabled people's lived experiences.
As part of the research I want to find out about:
disabled people's experiences of the Work Capability Assessment how well they think the WCA reflects and understands their experience of impairment and disability.
I am a disabled person myself with experience of applying for Incapacity Benefit and Employment and Support Allowance. I hope this research will give a greater voice to disabled people and their experiences.
First focus group looking for disabled people to take part on Wednesday 27th January 2016, 2-4pm
Second focus group Wednesday 3rd February 2016, 2-4pm
I am particularly keen to include the experiences of people with mental health difficulties in the research, in order to explore:
people's experiences of the Work Capability Assessment
how well they think the WCA reflects and understands their experiences.
Both meetings will be at at 336 Brixton Road, London SW9 7AA.
All travel and access expenses will be reimbursed – please contact me if you have any access requirements to be able to take part.
All participants' details will be kept anonymous. You will be able to withdraw your consent at any time before or during the focus group and for up to 3 months after participation. All focus group participants will be asked to respect other participants' confidentiality.
If you are interested in taking part and/or would like to speak to me, in confidence, to find out more information please email me at ss10rm@leeds.ac.uk
Thanks very much for reading this.
Savoring their victory, dismissing those who think the way to deal with vile and invasive stories is to grow a thicker skin, Mr. Thiel dressed as Hulk Hogan for the “Villains and Heroes” annual costume party last month, hosted on Long Island by the Mercer family, who were big Trump donors. They show me a picture on their phone of them posing with Erik Prince, who founded the private military company Blackwater, and Mr. Trump — who had no costume — but jokes that it was “N.S.F.I.” (Not Safe for the Internet.)
“There are some resonances between Hogan beating Gawker and Trump beating the establishment in this country,” Mr. Thiel says. Hulk Hogan was “this crazy person” who didn't seem like the best plaintiff, but “he didn't give up.”
Using two wrestling terms they learned, Mr. Thiel says that many people assumed Mr. Trump was “kayfabe” — a move that looks real but is fake. But then their campaign turned into a “shoot” — the word for an unscripted move that suddenly becomes real.
“People thought the whole Trump thing was fake, that it wasn't going to go anywhere, that it was the most ridiculous thing imaginable, and then somehow they won, like Hogan did,” Mr. Thiel says. “And what I wonder is, whether maybe pro wrestling is one of the most real things we have in our society and what's really disturbing is that the other stuff is much more fake. And whatever the superficialities of Mr. Trump might be, they were more authentic than the other politicians. They sort of talked in a way like ordinary people talk. It was not sort of this Orwellian newspeak jargon that so many of the candidates use. So they were sort of real. They actually wanted to win.”
I ask Mr. Thiel about a prescient theory they proffered when I had dinner with them at the convention — again, flipping conventional wisdom — that Hillary was making a mistake by being too optimistic.
“If you're too optimistic, it sounds like you're out of touch,” they say. “The Republicans needed a far more pessimistic candidate. Somehow, what was unusual about Trump is, they were very pessimistic but it still had an energizing aspect to it.”
Java is a phenomenal language in a lot of ways. It has a relatively simple syntax. It's well documented and super easy to get familiar with. Getting started is easy. You write your source in a *.java file and run it through the java compiler using javac which generates bytecode as a *.class file. You then execute the code on the Java Virtual Machine (JVM) using the java command on the generated class file.
What i find most interesting in this process is the generated bytecode. It's almost invisible in our workflow (If you are using an IDE, you probably will never see this). However, a lot of work is being done at this stage in the background. In this article, I'll be looking deeper into the java bytecode to get a bit of a feel for what goes on under the hood.
Disassembling classes
In order to peek into *.class files after *.java files have been compiled, I'll need to invoke the javap command, also known as The Java Class File Disassembler.
To see this in action, I'll be compiling this sample program
/** * Demo class */ public class SampleClass{ public static void main(String[] args){ int i = 0; System.out.println(i); } }
using the familiar javac command in the terminal window.
javac SampleClass.java
This will compile SampleClass.java into bytecode. Next we need to disassemble the source using the javap command.
javap SampleClass
This prints out all of the public, protected and package-private methods and fields available in the class.
Compiled from "SampleClass.java" public class SampleClass { public SampleClass(); public static void main(java.lang.String[]); }
This doesn't really show a whole lot, but can be useful in getting more information about a class that has not been well documented. For example, notice the empty public constructor which was automatically generated since no other constructor was specified.
To get more information out of javap, I'll be using the -c flag which prints out the disassembled bytecode.
javap -c SampleClass Compiled from "SampleClass.java" public class SampleClass { public SampleClass(); Code: 0: aload_0 1: invokespecial #1 // Method java/lang/Object."<init>":()V 4: return public static void main(java.lang.String[]); Code: 0: iconst_0 1: istore_1 2: getstatic #2 // Field java/lang/System.out:Ljava/io/PrintStream; 5: iload_1 6: invokevirtual #3 // Method java/io/PrintStream.println:(I)V 9: return }
Now things are getting interesting. What they have here been the bytecode instructions in SampleClass.
Interpreting bytecode instructions
Walking through the bytecode we can see that each numbered line contains a mnemonic. This is really just a readable form of an opcode. Opcodes are usually single-byte instructions that tell the JVM what to do. They are usually followed by one or more operands. The full list of mnemonics and opcodes can be found here courtesy of Wikipedia.
Looking at the first part of our our disassembled class, it's clear that this belongs to the default constructor.
public SampleClass(); Code: // aload_0 means load local variable // of index 0 onto the stack. It's pushing // an implicit reference to this onto the stack 0: aload_0 // invokespecial is used here to call // the instance initialization method // init() to create an object 1: invokespecial #1 // Method java/lang/Object."<init>":()V // return void. Nothing left to do here 4: return
The story here is that a reference to this is being pushed to the stack, the object is then instantiated and initialized through invokespecial. Since this was just the default constructor, there was nothing left to do so the all to familiar return was invoked next.
Next, the main method.
public static void main(java.lang.String[]); Code: // iconst_0 pushes a 0 to the stack // From int i = 0; in the code. 0: iconst_0 // The 0 is then popped from the // stack and stored in variable 1 // which in this demo happens to be i 1: istore_1 // This reaches in to the magical realm of // Asgard and you guessed it... fetches the // static field System.out 2: getstatic #2 // Field java/lang/System.out:Ljava/io/PrintStream; // Next the content of variable 1 is loaded 5: iload_1 // The method println is invoked 6: invokevirtual #3 // Method java/io/PrintStream.println:(I)V // nothing left to do, so void is returned 9: return
Before any value can be used, it needs to be pushed on to the stack. Which is why int i = 0; corresponds two operations. 0 is pushed to the stack first, then the value is stored in a memory address.
Before any value can be used, it needs to be pushed onto the stack.
This is because the JVM uses a a stack-based machine architecture with a Last in first out (LIFO) stack. Operations are carried out by popping the stack which contains the instruction and address of the values then pushing the result.
Optimizing code using disassembly
Removing the extra layer of abstraction we are so used to is actually pretty helpful in optimizing our code. For one, it takes away all forms of hand holding in terms of memory allocation. This allows us to really look at the mess that we leave behind for the garbage collector to clean up. Lets take a look at a "relatively" harmless example to demonstrate.
/** * Demo class */ public class SampleClass{ public static void main(String[] args){ String str_greeting = "Hello "; str_greeting = str_greeting + " world"; System.out.println("Oh! " + str_greeting); } }
This simple program declares a string with the content "Hello" and concatenates it with another string " world". We then print the value concatenated with "Oh! ". It's looks pretty straight forward without any surprises but lets take a look at what javap has to say.
Compiled from "SampleClass.java" public class SampleClass { public SampleClass(); Code: 0: aload_0 1: invokespecial #1 // Method java/lang/Object."<init>":()V 4: return public static void main(java.lang.String[]); Code: // This pushes the string constant // "Hello" onto the stack 0: ldc #2 // String Hello // "Hello" is stored in local variable 1 2: astore_1 // A new Object of type String builder is created 3: new #3 // class java/lang/StringBuilder // dup duplicates the item at the top of the stack // This is because a reference to the new object is popped // by init. This allows the compiler to hold a reference for // future use. 6: dup // String builder is initialized 7: invokespecial #4 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder."<init>":()V // "Hello" is loaded from memory 10: aload_1 // Appended to the String builder 11: invokevirtual #5 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder.append: // (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/StringBuilder; // World is pushed to the stack 14: ldc #6 // String world // World is appended to the string builder 16: invokevirtual #5 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder.append: // (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/StringBuilder; // The toString method is called // on the string builder 19: invokevirtual #7 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder.toString: // ()Ljava/lang/String; // The result is stored in the location of variable 1 22: astore_1 23: getstatic #8 // Field java/lang/System.out:Ljava/io/PrintStream; // Another string builder is created here // This is used to concatenate the String in // The print statement 26: new #3 // class java/lang/StringBuilder 29: dup 30: invokespecial #4 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder."<init>":()V 33: ldc #9 // String Oh! 35: invokevirtual #5 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder.append: // (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/StringBuilder; 38: aload_1 39: invokevirtual #5 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder.append: //(Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/StringBuilder; 42: invokevirtual #7 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder.toString: // ()Ljava/lang/String; 45: invokevirtual #10 // Method java/io/PrintStream.println: // (Ljava/lang/String;)V 48: return }
It looks like there is a lot that goes on behind the scenes. The compiler does a fantastic job of optimizing the byte code, but there are a few concerns. Every time we modify a String, a new String builder is created. This is because Strings are inherently immutable. Whenver we attempt to modify a string, a String builder is created, the value of the string is appended to the builder, our modifications are made and then the result is copied into memory.
There are lots of ways to go about optimizing this program. One such way would be to explicitly declare and use one StringBuilder.
/** * Demo class */ public class SampleClass{ public static void main(String[] args){ StringBuilder builder = new StringBuilder(); builder.append("Hello "); builder.append(" world"); builder.insert(0, "Oh! "); System.out.println(builder.toString()); } }
This results in the following disassembled bytecode.
Compiled from "SampleClass.java" public class SampleClass { public SampleClass(); Code: 0: aload_0 1: invokespecial #1 // Method java/lang/Object."<init>":()V 4: return public static void main(java.lang.String[]); Code: 0: new #2 // class java/lang/StringBuilder 3: dup 4: invokespecial #3 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder."<init>":()V 7: astore_1 8: aload_1 9: ldc #4 // String Hello 11: invokevirtual #5 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder.append: // (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/StringBuilder; 14: pop 15: aload_1 16: ldc #6 // String world 18: invokevirtual #5 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder.append: // (Ljava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/StringBuilder; 21: pop 22: aload_1 23: iconst_0 24: ldc #7 // String Oh! 26: invokevirtual #8 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder.insert: // (ILjava/lang/String;)Ljava/lang/StringBuilder; 29: pop 30: getstatic #9 // Field java/lang/System.out: // Ljava/io/PrintStream; 33: aload_1 34: invokevirtual #10 // Method java/lang/StringBuilder.toString: // ()Ljava/lang/String; 37: invokevirtual #11 // Method java/io/PrintStream.println: // (Ljava/lang/String;)V 40: return }
In this case, although we have the same number of concatenations. No new String builder instances are created. This potentially means fewer short term memory allocations and less work for the garbage collected to do in the future.
What do I benefit from this?
Some may argue that paging through disassembled bytecode might not be very practical in very large applications and how we don't need to micro optimize our code since the JVM is now very highly optimized in terms of speed and memory management. However, I like to think that good code is just "good code". Understanding the work that is being done under the hood will ultimately help you write better code.
... good code is just "good code". Understanding the work that is being done under the hood will ultimately help you write better code.
From a more practical perspective these techniques will be most useful in edge cases such as when developing latency-sensitive applications or in memory constrained situations where you have a very small heap. Whatever the reason, at the end of the day, it's just another useful tool in the belt that's nice to have when you need it.
Following what was said in #46-47, we now learn that the story of Jacob's flight and the reason(s) why they leaf Beersheba are also variously given: to flee Esau's wrath (Gen 27:41-45) and to find a suitable wife from among their own people (Gen 28:1-2). Additionally, the text also narrates Jacob's departure twice and to two different locales: in Genesis 28:7 we are informed that they go to Paddan-Aram, but then at Genesis 28:10 to Haran. Again, these contradictions are resolved once we realize that Genesis 27-28 is a composite of two once separate stories of Jacob's departure, and that each textual tradition provided a distinctly different reason for the motivation behind their departure.
Genesis 27:1-40, from the Yahwist source, describes how Jacob usurps their older brother's blessing through the means of a deceptive ploy wherein Jacob disguises themselves as their brother Esau in order to steal Esau's rightful blessing from their old, bed-ridden, and nearly blind father (#46-47). After this deception is revealed, Esau voices their bitterness and anger toward their brother:
And Esau despised Jacob because of the blessing with which their father blessed him, and Esau said in their heart: “The days of mourning for my father will be soon, and then I'll kill Jacob, my brother.” And the words of Esau, their older son, were told to Rebekah, and they sent and called Jacob their younger son, and said to him: “Here, Esau your brother consoles themselves regarding you with the idea of killing you. And now, my son, listen to my voice and get up, flee to Laban my brother, at Haran, and live with them for a number of days until your brother's fury will turn back, until your brother's anger turns back from you and they forget what you did to him. (Gen 23:41-44)
The reason for Jacob's flight in this Yahwist version—Esau's wrath—and the place to where, Haran, are clearly presented. As we have previously discussed (see #45), and will see in future passages, the animosity expressed in the Yahwist version between Jacob and Esau was used to explain the hostilities between Israel and Edom in the 9th and 8th centuries BC.
Yet contrary to the Yahwist's presentation, the Priestly source relates another reason for Jacob's departure, one which displays a major concern of this textual tradition, namely the prohibition against marrying the indigenous Canaanites—that is, practicing exogamy! This is even more clear when the Priestly text is reconstructed to its original form. In other words, removing the J narrative from P restores the original message of the Priestly writer. And as is visible below, it is a unified, coherent text with a clear and focused emphasis. The P passages are: 26:34 + 27:46 + 28:1-9.
26:34And Esau was forty years old, and they took a wife: Judith, daughter of Beeri, the Hittite, and Basemath, daughter of Elon the Hittite. And they were a bitterness of spirit to Isaac and Rebekah. 27:46And Rebekah said to Isaac: “I'm disgusted with my life because of the daughters of Heth! If Jacob takes a wife from the daughters of Heth like these daughters of the land, why do I have a life!” 28:1And Isaac called Jacob, and they blessed them and commanded him, and they said to him: “You shall not take a wife from the daughters of Canaan. 2Get up. Go to Paddan Aram, to the house of Bethuel, your mother's father, and take a wife from there, from the daughters of Laban, your mother's brother. 3And may El Shaddai bless you and make you fruitful and multiply you, so you'll become a community of peoples, 4and may they give you the blessing of Abraham, to you and to your seed with you, for you to possess the land of your residence, which God gives to Abraham.” 5And Isaac sent Jacob, and they went to Paddan Aram, to Laban, son of Bethuel, the Aramean, brother of Rebekah, mother of Jacob and Esau.
Restoring P's narrative reveals the issues and concerns that the Priestly writer had: namely exogamous marriages as exemplified by Esau (and Ishmael) are not only to be condemned but they actually disqualify Esau (and Ishmael) from the blessings and covenantal promise of the land. Esau settles in Seir outside the promise-land. This is a theme and concern unique to the 6th century BC Priestly writer. Conversely, the Priestly writer is putting Jacob forward as an example to emulate for the post-exilic community, while using Esau as an example of what will happen to those who marry Canaanites! In fact, the Priestly writer drafts their new version of the story for the sole purpose of highlighting this central concern and to their specific 6th century BC audience.
There are other late post-exilic texts in the Hebrew Bible that also forbid the practice of exogamy. Both the books of Ezra and Nehemiah prohibit Israelites from marrying Canaanites. This was a specific “problem” for the post-exilic community, that is for those exiled Israelites who returned to the land of Canaan at the end of the 6th century BC. The Priestly writer's reworking of the earlier Yahwist text, therefore, exhorts the post-exilic community now living on the promised land to return to Babylon to take wives from among their exiled kin, and not from among the indigenous Canaanites that occupied the land when they had returned from exile. So here again (see also #24, #28, #40) we see the Priestly writer “rewriting history” in order to address the concerns of the Priestly guild of the 6th century BC. Through these archaized narratives, the Priestly writer demonstrates that those who practice exogamy, like Esau, will be cut off from both the community of Yahweh's people and the land! It is the same message that we saw the Priestly writer make with respect to their views on circumcision when they rewrote another Yahwist passage (#28).
When these two textual traditions were later stitched together, a new narrative with new interpretive questions and answers was created. In the words of David Carr, whose work I've often referred to:
In summary, the material in Genesis 26:34-28:9 encompasses three different pictures of the background to Jacob's departure: a non-P [J] picture of their stealing of Isaac's blessing and running from Esau's wrath (Gen 27:1-45), a P-sanitized picture of Esau disqualifying themselves by improper marriages and Jacob being blessed and sent to marry properly (Gen 26:34-35; 27:46-28:9), and a combined picture in which Jacob's being sent to marry properly is but a pretext to get them away from Esau's wrath (Gen 27:1-28:9). The distinctiveness of this combined picture of the background for Jacob's departure from the perspective of both of its component parts is a major confirming indicator that this section was formed by joining originally separate sources.1
Nigeria claimed to have reached a deal with the Boko Haram rebel group on a ceasefire and the release of more than 200 kidnapped schoolgirls but doubts immediately surrounded the purported breakthrough.
Chief of Defence Staff Air Marshal Alex Badeh on Friday told senior military officials from Nigeria and Cameroon meeting in Abuja that a "ceasefire agreement" had been concluded between the government and the rebels.
"I have accordingly directed the service chiefs to ensure immediate compliance with this development," they added.
Badeh's announcement came after a senior aide to President Goodluck Jonathan, Hassan Tukur, told AFP news agency an agreement to end hostilities had been reached following talks, as well as for the release of 219 girls held captive since April.
However, sources told Al Jazeera that substantial progress had been reached in negotiations about the abducted girls but that no definite deal had been agreed.
A precedent of previous government and military claims about an end to the deadly five-year conflict and the fate of the missing teenagers left many observers cautious.
Jonathan is expected to declare their bid for re-election in the coming weeks, and positive news about the hostages and the violence would likely give them a political boost.
Shehu Sani, a Boko Haram expert who has negotiated with the group on behalf of the government said had "never heard" of Danladi Ahmadu, whom Tukur claimed represented the rebels at talks.
Ralph Bello-Fadile an advisor to Nigeria's National Security Advisor (NSA), said the NSA has been inundated with fraudsters claiming to represent Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau.
"Government wants to negotiate but so far nobody has come forward who speaks for Shekau," they told a Chatham House conference in Abuja on Monday.
The Nigerian government's own security spokesperson, Mike Omeri, also said that no deal had yet been reached on releasing the girls.
The United States said it could not confirm whether a deal had taken place.
"Obviously, we would welcome an end to hostilities, a restoration of security and, I think it should go without saying, would welcome the release of those girls that have been gone far too long. But we cannot independently confirm that at this point," said State Department spokesperson Marie Harf.
"This ceasefire is incredibly promising, but we aren't there yet - until every girl is released negotiations must continue," added Hussaini Abdu, the country director for ActionAid Nigeria.
Chad talks
Tukur said they represented the government at two meetings with the rebels in Chad, which were mediated by the country's President Idriss Deby.
"Boko Haram issued the ceasefire as a result of the discussions we have been having with them," said Tukur, adding that Ahmadu made the announcement on Thursday evening.
"They have agreed to release the Chibok girls," they continued, referring to the girls seized in northeast Nigeria on April 14, causing global outrage.
Leaders of the Bring Back Our Girls campaign, which has been pressuring the government to act, gave a cautious welcome to a possible release.
"We are monitoring the news with huge expectations," they said on Twitter.
Ndjamena refused to comment but security sources in the country said Chad, which Jonathan visited for talks with Deby early last month, had been involved in the discussions.
The source also said a ceasefire agreement was reached as well as the release of 27 hostages, 10 of them Chinese nationals, who were kidnapped in northern Cameroon earlier this year.
The release of the hostages last weekend was "a first strong signal" from Boko Haram to prove their good faith, the source added but did not mention the schoolgirls.
Cameroon announced on Friday that eight of its soldiers and 107 Boko Haram fighters were killed during fierce fighting in It's far north region on Wednesday and Thursday.
In Nigeria, unidentified gunmen on Friday killed eight people on a road near Shaffa village in Borno state, two local residents said, but it was not clear if the attack was by the rebels.
The incident, however, happened near where a prominent Muslim leader, the Emir of Gwoza, was killed by Boko Haram militants in May.
Discrepancies
Ahmadu gave an interview broadcast on Friday on the Hausa language service of Voice of America radio in which they claimed to be the group's "chief security officer" and in charge of publicity.
They made no mention of an end to hostilities and was vague on details of the apparent talks, even claiming not to have met Shekau.
They also referred to the jihadi group as Boko Haram, a name that means 'Western education is forbidden' which was imposed on the Islamist radicals by outsiders. The insurgents themselves never use the term.
The group's known leaders have exclusively used the name Jama'atu Ahlis Sunna Lidda'awati wal-Jihad, which means "People Committed to the Propagation of the Prophet's Teachings and Jihad".
They made no reference to the Chibok girls and did not list the creation of an Islamic state in Nigeria's mainly Muslim north - the core, unwavering Boko Haram demand since the uprising began.
If Supernatural leaves behind just one legacy when the Winchesters finally drive their Baby off into the sunset for the final time, it will be the series' ability to go totally meta in the most genius ways.
All of you internet buffs may know this already, but for those who might not be familiar with the terminology, ‘meta' basically means being consciously self-referential, usually for the sake of humor.
It can be quite a challenge to successfully break the fourth wall in a universe. Even great writers sometimes fail miserably in doing so. (Sorry Studio 60… 30 Rock just did it better.)
Supernatural has been blessed by the TV gods with a writing staff that loves to inject laughs into their serious show about brothers who hunt demons and save the world…a lot. (Hey, that sounds a little like another show!)
Those laughs have become the beating heart of the series, which is entering it's network-record 12th Season on October 13.
Here are some Supernatural‘s the best meta moments:
7. Dean Hasn't Seen House of Wax — Season 5 Episode 5 “Fallen Idols”
Remember when Paris Hilton and Jared Padalecki co-starred in the totally successful (and not at all terrible) re-make of House of Wax?
Sam and Dean go hunting a demon in a wax museum. (House of Wax, wax museum…ha!) As fake Paris Hilton demon is giving their villain speech, Dean mentions that he's never seen House of Wax.
And Sam (whose alter-ego starred in the film) looked a little bummed that their brother never saw their movie.
Not many people did Sam…it's really a good thing.
6. The Writers Write a Slashfic About Supernatural — Season 5 Episode 1 “Sympathy for the Devil”
Becky is a huuuuuuge fan of Supernatural, the book series (see below). Becky decides to write a “Wincest.” For those unfamiliar with Supernatural fan-fiction that, indeed, DOES exist, that means a fan written story in which the brothers are in a relationship…like, a sexy one.
Here's where it's a little meta: the writers actually had to write an incest slashfic about the Winchesters that Becky would then write on the show.
It also gave the writers the chance to nod to those real-life Wincester fans, letting them know that the writer's room totally got it.
5. Sam Doesn't Want to See Stars Hollow — Season 2 Episode 18 “Hollywood Babylon”
In an episode loaded with gooey layers of meta (we all saw you, McG!), the biggest laugh-out-loud meta moment comes as Dean and Sam are taking a backlot tour.
When the tour guide mentions that they're coming up on the set of Gilmore Girls, and that they may possibly get a chance to see one of the show's stars, Sam immediately goes on high-alert…and demands that they and Dean get off of the tour.
Jared Padalecki starred as Dean Forrester on Gilmore Girls for five seasons before moving on to Supernatural, as Sam Winchester, not Dean (a concept that I continue to struggle with to this very day).
Oh Sam, everyone knows that you were Dean first. It's a demon you can never escape.
4. The Best Supernatural Convention EVER — Season 5 Episode 9 “The Real Ghostbusters”
If you ever go to a real Supernatural convention, you'll discover that this episode wasn't so far off in painting a picture of the events that go down.
Sam and Dean have to deal with many Sam and Dean cosplayers (who don't realize that Sam and Dean ARE the real Sam and Dean) who think that they can totally find the fictitious (but actually real!) ghost that's haunting the convention.
Meanwhile, Chuck, or “Carver Edlund” (a combination of the names of Supernatural writers Jeremy Carver and Ben Edlund) is dealing with the type of Q&A questions that make you cringe during panels:
Fan: Uh, yeah. Why in every fight scene, Sam and Dean are having their gun knocked away by the bad guy? Why don't they keep it on some kind of bungee?
Chuck: I…yeah, I really don't know.
Fan: J'ya…follow up. Why can't Sam and Dean be telling that Ruby is evil? I mean they are clearly manipulating Sam into some kind of moral lapse. It's obvious, nein?
At least no one asked for a hug. I hate it when that happens during panels, don't you?
3. The Books that Inspired the Series that Inspired the Books — Season 4 Episode 18 “The Monster at the End of This Book”
Sam and Dean discover that an entire book series has been written about their lives, and they had no idea! Not only that, all of it is there — every last detail.
This episode marks the first time that series creator Eric Kripke let fans know that they were listening…and reading…and watching. They do it by taking the time to poke fun at, what they believed to be, some of the more ridiculous sects of the Supernatural fandom. (See above: Wincesters.)
This is also the episode that introduces Chuck, who we later learn is pulling all of the strings in the universe.
2. Supernatural: The Musical Season 10 Episode 5 “Fan Fiction”
Speaking of those Supernatural books (again), an all-girls private school decides to use the books as fodder for the most epic musical that the school's tiny stage has ever seen.
The episode is a chance for the writers to inject some real-life fan fiction into the Supernatural universe.
Take for example, the young lady playing Dean seen hugging the young lady playing Castiel, a clear nod to all of those Destiel ‘shippers. (Don't worry, they explored it in Act 2.)
Or the word “Samulet” being used to describe the amulet that Dean wears which was a gift from Sam, a phrase which was coined by fans many years beforehand.
The stage production also begins with a sign that says, “The Road So Far” and ends with the cast singing a haunting rendition of, “Carry On My Wayward Son,” a song that appears during each season finale during its “recap.”
And don't forget about those BM's. While fan fic'ers have used BM to describe Brother Moments since like, forever, Dean and Sam learned the term here…and mistook it for meaning, “Bowel Movement.” (There's a joke here, but I can't find it.)
1. Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles star in ‘Supernatural' — Season 6 Episode 15 “The French Mistake”
In what is perhaps the most meta moment to ever happen in the history of entertainment, Sam and Dean end up in an alternate reality — one where they discover that they are actually actors named Jared Padalecki and Jensen Ackles.
They star in the “fictional” series Supernatural (based on the books, see above) alongside their Twitter obsessed co-star, Mischa Collins, who plays Castiel. (Side note: I love Mischa Collins tweet-fests, don't you?)
And not only that! Sam (er, Jared?) is married to an actor named Genevive who looks EXACTLY like Ruby, the demon they fought last season! And Dean (or Jensen) was on a soap opera called Days of Our Lives?!
This episode goes all-in meta, and the result is one of the most beloved episodes of the series to date.
There are obviously many other meta moments from Supernatural‘s vast archives. Which ones not mentioned are on your “Best Of” list? Sound off below!
Supernatural returns on its new night, Thursday, October 13th at 9/8c on The CW.
You might also like:
Tony Pauline tweets that the Vikings will meet on Wednesday with South Carolina defensive back Antonio Allen. Allen measures in at 6-1 1/2, 210 pounds. They ran a 4.60 40 at the combine and posted a 34-inch vertical. Pro Football Weekly said of Allen:
A lean, athletically built college “spur,” Allen was active and productive as a senior. Does not possess starter-caliber smarts and instincts, but comes from a program with a recent history of producing NFL DBs. Athleticism is an asset as a backup/special-teamer.
A spur for those not up on their football geek lingo is a hybrid safety/linebacker. The spur position is important to the defensive scheme employed by South Carolina among others. In this scheme, instead of three traditional linebackers, you line up with two linebackers and five defensive backs as in a nickel. However, the fifth DB is not a traditional small nickelback but rather an oversized “roving” safety who is employed in run support and underneath coverage. The underneath coverage part is highly pertinent to this conversation and points to why the Vikings might be interested in Antonio Allen. Leslie Frazier spoke about the hybrid safety/linebacker idea at the Senior Bowl:
Most teams look for a hybrid type safety, not just a guy who can play an eight-man front and be in the box as a tackling safety. But they must have the ability to go out and matchup on a tight end like the Jimmy Grahams of the NFL. But they also must have the ability to matchup on some of the faster halfbacks that come out of the backfield as well.
The whole idea behind the hybrid safety then is to match up better against the big, fast tight ends that are becoming more popular across the NFL without losing the ability to make stops in run support. Obviously Frazier is intrigued by the idea of adding such a player to their defense. It would seem the Vikings' defensive scheme is in for some tweaking. Part of that also could be greater use of the 3-3-5 alignment they played with last season as a way of getting Everson Griffen on the field. The whole idea here is positional flexibility. DBs who can tackle and defensive linemen who can drop into coverage. Viking fans should probably get used to the word “hybrid” because I think we'll be hearing it a lot in the months to come.
Like The Viking Age on Facebook.
Follow Dan Zinski on Twitter.
It's not your imagination — Netflix's catalog is getting smaller. As competition in the OTT streaming space has increased, Netflix's once-massive selection has decreased. In fact, it has shrunk by a third in less than two and a half years.
The statistics are simple and remarkable: in January of 2014, Netflix offered its US-based users a selection of 6,494 movies and 1,609 TV shows, for a total of 8,103 titles. As of March 23, 2016, they offer just 4,335 movies and 1,197 TV shows — 5,532 titles in total. That's 2,571 fewer titles. In other words, Netflix's catalog has shrunk 31.7% in less than two and a half years!
Here are the same findings in graphic form. They look just as bad as they sound:
Breaking down the content by type doesn't change the equation much. The loss of 2,159 movies amounts to a 33.2% drop, while the 412 fewer television shows now available represent a 25.6% loss. That's a slightly larger drop in the movie selection than in the television selection, but considering the size of the numbers we're looking at, it seems fair to say that they're declining at pretty similar rates.
So what's going on with Netflix's catalog? The data proves that selection is shrinking, but it doesn't say anything about why. A good guess is the growing competition in the streaming space: with services like Hulu and Amazon Prime all bidding on streaming rights, the price is bound to rise. That helps explain why Netflix's record investments in content have yielded smaller and smaller catalogs with each passing year. Looking at the competition would also help explain why Netflix is investing heavily in original series (which would also, of course, be exclusives) — and why competitors like Amazon are doing the same thing. Of course, Netflix fans may argue that the high spending has yielded quality rather than quantity of shows and movies.
Whatever the reason, the daily reality for Netflix users is that they have fewer titles to choose from than they did in years past. Whether or not quality has declined proportionately is a matter of opinion, but the quantitative decline is a matter of fact.
SaveSave
A Dalit boy was bludgeoned to death by three people after they were caught handing over a love letter to a girl belonging to the "upper caste" in Mirji village in Bagalkote district, central Karnataka. Read: Dalit girl thrashed after their shadow falls on upper caste man
The girl's father, brother and another relative are absconding after launching a murderous attack on 17-year-old Anil Parashurama Methri on July 1. The boy succumbed to injuries on Tuesday. Their parents, who were also badly assaulted by the girl's family, are undergoing treatment for their injuries in a government hospital.
According to the police, Anil and the girl were studying in the same school at the taluka level and were friends. On July 1, around 8:30 pm, Anil went to the girl's home secretly and was handing over the love letter to them through the window. They were caught red-handed by the girl's father and brother.
After reading the letter, the girl's brother took a wooden log and hit them on their head, it is alleged. Then, they tied them to a pole in the backyard of their home and beat him. On hearing that their son has been caught, their parents rushed to the girl's home. They begged the girl's family to let go off Anil, but it is alleged that even they were assaulted badly.
According to the police, the accused dumped a severely injured Anil in a nearby sugarcane field around midnight. In the morning, Anil's relatives found them in an unconscious state and admitted them to the nearby government hospital. As their condition was critical, they shifted them to the BLDE Hospital in Vijayapura. However, the boy did not survive.
Their death led to a tense situation in Bagalkote district. Anticipating trouble, the district administration has deployed additional forces in the village where the incident took place. The police have also launched a search operation to apprehend all the three accused in the case.
A renowned congressional analyst thinks there's a good chance that the country could fall off a fiscal cliff on Jan. 1, no matter who wins this November.
At an American Enterprise Institute event on the future of Medicare Tuesday, AEI scholar Norm Ornstein outlined a scenario in which Congress falls on its face this winter, and fails to address the expiring Bush tax cuts and payroll tax holiday, automatic sequestration spending cuts, lapse of federal borrowing authority and other spending and tax provisions set to contract the budget automatically at the end of the year.
“Most of the cognoscenti in Washington say, Of course they'll reach an agreement because they can't reach an agreement,'” Ornstein said. “Get inside the belly of the beast and you realize these days they can not reach an agreement.”That's a real risk, Ornstein said, whether Republicans or Democrats prevail in 2012.
If President Obama wins re-election, Republicans could reclaim the Senate anyhow, which would weaken Obama's claim to a mandate, and create gridlock both in the lame duck session and the 113th Congress. Even if Republicans don't reclaim the Senate, they'll still be broadly opposed to supporting significant tax revenues as a part of any lame-duck deal to avoid the debt. That's a non-starter for Democrats, and suggests all of these time bombs could go off on Jan. 1, leaving the new Congress and Obama scrambling to undo the damage in the early weeks of 2013.
By contrast, Ornstein said, an across-the-board Republican victory would diminish the GOP's incentive to cut a deal with Democrats.
“Rather,” Ornstein posited, “to take a hit for the first few weeks in January, and then go for the mother of all reconciliation bills at the end of January or early February, which would leave out most of Medicare, but which would bring tumultuous changes in the process and probably move us not very close toward the path of finding agreement on the policy there.”
A number of members of Congress, including House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan, have suggested that Congress will likely extend the year-end deadlines of all of these automatic tighteners into the new year, to give the new Congress time and space to address them in accordance with the electorate's wishes.
But the White House isn't preparing for that contingency, according to senior administration officials, and instead expects a big holiday season confrontation with Republicans over taxes.
I've recently had some fun writing a browser quicksort.
As part of a recent project, I had to implement a Knockout table component that could sort and filter its entries in realtime. This would normally have been straightforward, except for a handful of use-cases where the table would contain upwards of three thousand entries – possibly more. Calling a native array sort() on such a large set with a particularly complex comparator would force IE8 to freeze for several seconds and throw a long running script error.
Server-side sorting was awkward for various reasons, and we weren't terribly keen on the complications that AJAX imposed. What we really wanted was a non-blocking JavaScript sort.
Investigating the long running script exception
If you've done any heavy lifting with JavaScript in IE8, you've probably seen the following exception:
The exception is triggered by a maximum statement count. When the IE8 JavaScript engine executes over five million statements as part of an event thread, it tells the user that “A script on this page is causing Internet Explorer to run slowly”. The user is invited to stop the thread and resume control. Stopping the thread doesn't throw an error, so anything relying on the sort completing is left hanging.
Stopping it from appearing
The real purpose of the exception is to stop JavaScript operations from hogging the UI thread in an environment where all events and user actions need to run in serial. This is a goal we should respect. So the most obvious solution would be to find a way to perform the sort asynchronously, yield the thread periodically and effectively only run the sort whilst the UI thread was idle.
Actually, that's a lie – the most obvious solution would be to double-check that we really needed to perform such a massive operation on the client and see if we could pass it to the server instead. But for us this was undesirable, if not impossible, and it seemed worthwhile to try and solve the problem just through client-side JavaScript.
My immediate thought was to write a quicksort.
Asynchronous quicksort
Quicksort is particularly suitable for non-blocking code, because it can be implemented recursively, and recursion calls are a great opportunity to yield the thread. It's fast, fairly well-understood and relatively easy to understand.
The idea is simple: we perform a ‘partition' operation on an array, taking its last member as a ‘pivot' and iterating through the others left to right, comparing each to the pivot as we go. If the member is larger or equal to the pivot, we put it to the right hand side. If not, we leave it on the left and try the next member. What we're left with is an array where all the items lower than the pivot are to its left and all the items larger are to the right. We can then partition the left and right sets recursively until our set is completely sorted.
(A handy animation straight from Wikipedia)
Technically, this isn't the only way to perform a partition – it's the Lomuto Partition, and you can find others documented online, but the basic algorithm doesn't differ: partition the array, then partition the sub-partitions in turn until there's no more partitioning to be done.
We can write our partition as follows:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
25
26
27
28
29
30
31
32
33
34
35
36
37
38
39
40
41
function partition(array, partitionSliceStart, partitionSliceEnd, valueComparator) {
// Partition a sub-array for e.g. a quicksort
//
// We start processing from the leftmost element (I), and use the rightmost as the pivot (P). We also track the item to
// the left of the pivot (L), such that we end up with
// I . . . L P
// We then compare I with P. If I am less than P, we leave it where is and increment the processing index, so that we have
// < I . . L P
// (where ' // Then, if I am larger than P, we swap the positions such that
// < L . . P I
// We then continue processing from L,
// < I . . P >
// ... and continue until we end up with all lower elements on the left, all greater than / equal elements on the right
// < < < P > >
// Doing it this way means we can partition our array in-place, which makes things a lot more performant.
var pIndex = partitionSliceEnd;
var iIndex = partitionSliceStart;
var lIndex = pIndex - 1;
var pValue = array[pIndex];
var iValue = array[iIndex];
while (iIndex < pIndex) {
if (valueComparator(iValue, pValue) === -1) {
// If I < P, leave I where it is and move the index further right
iIndex++;
} else {
// If I >= P, move I to the right of P, and put L in I's original place.
// We swap I and L, then L and P. We don't increment I's index; we process L next instead.
arraySwap(array, iIndex, lIndex);
arraySwap(array, lIndex, pIndex);
pIndex--;
lIndex--;
}
// Update values based on changed indices
iValue = array[iIndex];
pValue = array[pIndex];
}
return pIndex; // return the pivot point so we can recursively process the left and right hand sides
}
Forgive me for the C-like variable prefixes; it simply seemed the easiest way to associate the variables with the ‘diagram' in my comments.
Once we had the partition operation, it was just a matter of finding a way to yield the UI thread between the operation calls.
process.nextTick in the browser
If you're a Node.js developer, you've likely encountered process.nextTick(). It yields the thread, allowing other queued callbacks to fire, before we resume our operation. Historically client-side JavaScript developers have emulated this behaviour with a zeroed setTimeout :
1
2
3
function yieldingOperation(fn) {
window.setTimeout(fn, 0);
}
This works well enough for ocassionally yielding a thread in the middle of a long operation, but it fails when we pass a high volume of callbacks, because the timeout value doesn't really end up being zero. In prctice, most browsers don't run the callback in less than 10 milliseconds.
This restriction is partly down to the HTML5 specification throttling the timeout to no less than 4ms [1], but also partly down to the way the browser relies on the OS' default system timer, as explained at length by Nicholas Zakas. Windows' timer has a granularity of 15ms – that is, the timer is only updated every 15ms – so it's possible for a setTimeout to wait the full length of that period.
When each operation takes a millisecond and then waits 14 milliseconds to spawn its child operations, that's grossly inefficient. Profiling the sort confirmed these suspicions – Chrome would make excellent headway whilst processing the larger partitions, but then slow to a crawl as it processed the long tail of small subpartitions.
setImmediate to the rescue
But not to fear! setTimeout is not the only option we have. A new API, window.setImmediate , was introduced by Microsoft through Internet Explorer 10 and 11. It works much like process.nextTick – we pass a callback, yield the thread, run any queued events and pick the callback up again as soon as possible. There's no 15ms throttling.
setImmediate isn't a standardized API yet, though, and isn't implemented in Gecko or Webkit [2]. Fortunately, a Katochimoto's setImmediate shim is available that provides the same functionality in other browsers, and even fixes certain bugs in IE10/11's native setImmediate [3].
It now becomes possible to recursively partition our array in a non-blocking way:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
function nonBlockingQuicksortOperation(array, subArrayStart, subArrayEnd, valueComparator) {
var sortedAreaLength = (subArrayEnd - subArrayStart) + 1;
if (sortedAreaLength > 1) {
var pivotLocation = partition(array, subArrayStart, subArrayEnd, valueComparator);
// Process elements to the left of the pivot
var lowPartitionEnd = pivotLocation - 1;
setImmediate(function(){
nonBlockingQuicksortOperation(array, subArrayStart, lowPartitionEnd, valueComparator);
});
// Process elements to the right of the pivot
var highPartitionStart = pivotLocation + 1;
setImmediate(function(){
nonBlockingQuicksortOperation(array, subArrayStart, highPartitionStart, valueComparator);
});
}
}
There's just one problem – now we've made the function asynchronous, how do we know when it has finished?
Monitoring progress
Whenever we complete a partition, we know that we've finalized the position of the pivot. We only further process its neighbours. So we can trigger a finalization callback that increments a counter, and when the counter reaches the length of the array, we know that the array is stable.
We could perhaps implement this like so:
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
14
15
16
17
18
19
20
21
22
23
24
function nonBlockingQuicksortOperation(array, subArrayStart, subArrayEnd, valueComparator, onElementLocationFinalized) {
var sortedAreaLength = (subArrayEnd - subArrayStart) + 1;
if (sortedAreaLength > 1) {
var pivotLocation = partition(array, subArrayStart, subArrayEnd, valueComparator);
// Process elements to the left of the pivot
var lowPartitionEnd = pivotLocation - 1;
setImmediate(function(){
nonBlockingQuicksortOperation(array, subArrayStart, lowPartitionEnd, valueComparator, onElementLocationFinalized);
});
// Process elements to the right of the pivot
var highPartitionStart = pivotLocation + 1;
setImmediate(function(){
nonBlockingQuicksortOperation(array, subArrayStart, highPartitionStart, valueComparator, onElementLocationFinalized);
});
// The pivot's location is finalized, so we can trigger the event
onElementLocationFinalized();
} else if (sortedAreaLength === 1) {
// Only one item, so we skip the partition and just trigger the event
onElementLocationFinalized();
}
}
1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
function nonBlockingQuicksort(array, valueComparator, onFinishCallback) {
var finalizations = 0;
var arrayEnd = array.length - 1;
nonBlockingQuicksortOperation(array, 0, arrayEnd, valueComparator, onElementLocationFinalized);
function onElementLocationFinalized() {
finalizations++;
if (finalizations === array.length) {
onFinishCallback();
}
}
}
Prioritizing native sort
The nonBlockingQuicksort we've written is great, but it'll always have the disadvantage of not being native code. Granted, many browsers implement their sort directly through JavaScript (you can see how Chrome does it in plain JS in the V8 source), but browser developers will always have the advantage of being able to optimize for their own engines and drop into compiled code where necessary. So whilst our quicksort rids us of our IE8 woes, it's still better to prefer native sort for smaller sets on more modern browsers.
Our approach was simply to prefer the native implementation unless working in IE8 or with arrays over a thousand items.
Lessons learned
If nothing else, writing a non-blocking quicksort was a great educational exercise. The key points being:
Doing heavy lifting with JavaScript in IE8 is just not fun. If you're going to have to do it, be mindful of UI responsiveness and see if you can write your procedure in a non-blocking manner, using setImmediate and its shims where necessary Sorting algorithms aren't black magic and don't have to be scary if you don't have a CS background (like me) setTimeout and browser timing are deceptive and shouldn't be wholly trusted
At some point, I'll probably rewrite an open source version of the code above, with a few performance tweaks and optimizations. I'll probably post about it when I do so.
Notes
[1] Apparently, this is because running a timer with high resolution means the CPU can't enter low power modes. This was determined to be a problem for battery life in mobile devices, so the 4ms was agreed as a compromise between efficiency and accuracy.
[2] Currently it faces some opposition from Google and Apple. It's possible that the API might be deprecated in future, so using the setImmediate shim is probably a good insurance policy in case MS ever withdraws the API.
[3] You can find out how it actually performs the shim in the project's README. It's quite interesting.
