The human microbiome is one of the most mysterious subjects in modern medicine, but two studies published today in Science are helping to change that. By drawing on the gut bacteria of nearly 4,000 subjects across Belgium and the Netherlands, scientists found new evidence that a person's diet and lifestyle has a profound effect on the bacteria in their intestinal system, and that bacteria can have a significant impact on their health.
To conduct their research, scientists examined our best window into what's happening in a given person's intestines: their poop. Poop samples were collected through a process of home-sampling and freezing. Researchers then analyzed that poop to generate a comprehensive look at how intestinal microbes interact with human behavior and general health.
"We still are not sure what the definition of a healthy microbiome is."
The results confirm the long-standing impression that a more diverse microbiome is at least correlated with improved general health. For instance, the studies found a small but significant link between less diverse biomes and a higher body mass index — the measure of whether a person is over or underweight. That link has been suggested by previous research, but remains controversial. Researchers also found a positive correlation between a more diverse biome and a diet high in fruits and vegetables.
At the same time, researchers saw extreme variation in bacteria from person to person, and it remains very difficult to say what makes a given person's microbiome better or worse. "We still are not sure what the definition of a healthy microbiome is," says Stanford researcher Elisabeth Bik, who runs the Microbiome Digest blog and was not involved in the studies. "The authors of both studies found a large range of microbiome compositions among these individuals, and we need to look at large groups of individuals before we can see patterns in microbiome composition that are associated with health."
While direct health effects are still unclear, the studies point to a number of concrete steps a person can take to cultivate a more diverse microbiome. Specific dairy bacteria were found more often in samples from subjects with dairy-rich diets, strongly indicating that a person's diet has a direct effect on their gut bacteria. Subjects who drank more coffee or tea generally had more diverse microbiomes, while subjects who drank more soda had less bacterial diversity. Drinking red wine was also associated with the presence of a specific anti-inflammatory bacterium, which may ward off illnesses like irritable bowel syndrome.
"We have not captured all microbial diversity that lives in our guts."
Other results were harder to decipher. One study found a microbiome correlation with red blood cell count and hemoglobin concentration, suggesting that certain species of gut bacteria could be connected to how the body processes oxygen. But until that connection has been confirmed by further research, it's difficult to say what it might mean.
If we can solve those mysteries, some researchers think it could help us manage the growing threat posed by antibiotic-resistant bacteria. In an editorial in the same issue of Science, Sloan-Kettering physician-scientist Eric Pamer argues that treatments based on intestinal bacteria could be a crucial tool for patients dealing with a bacterial infection. Using conventional antibiotics wipes out many of the naturally occurring bacteria in a patient's body, which can leave that patient more vulnerable to harmful bacteria in the aftermath of an aggressive treatment. Pamer argues that introducing beneficial or "commensal" bacteria during that period could help patients resist subsequent bacterial infections. "From a clinical standpoint," they write, "the development of commensal bacteria as preventive and therapeutic agents is a high priority." Antibiotic-resistant infections already cause 23,000 deaths and cost the US $21 billion each year.
Still, the biggest lesson of the new studies is that scientists still don't know all that much about the various bacteria that live in our intestines. The studies found that only 14 species of bacteria were shared across 95 percent of the population, out of a total of 664 species represented in the sample overall. Even with this research, the total human stool microbiome has yet to be sequenced, a major opportunity for scientists going forward. "It was somewhat surprising," says Bik. "Even when stool samples from 4000 people are analyzed, we have not captured all microbial diversity that lives in our guts."
Andrew Gilligan held the office of Cycling Commissioner from 2013 to 2016, a post created by Boris Johnson to implement their cycling transformation in London. Since Sadiq Khan has taken over, Gilligan has vocally criticised a complete stagnation of cycling infrastructure projects.
They spoke to Cyclist last year about the ideal solution for urban cycling and how this will affect the future of travelling by bike, so here's a look back at our Q&A.
Cyclist: Cycling infrastructure projects have virtually come to a halt under London Mayor Sadiq Khan, where do you think he's gone wrong?
Andrew Gilligan: Sadiq Khan will discover that to get anything done, and not just in terms of cycling, you have to annoy people. And if he's worried about annoying anybody about anything he's never going to get anything done.
Cyc: There seems to be a lot of support for Cycle Superhighway schemes? Why do you think Sadiq Khan is seeing a backlash?
AG: All these schemes will almost always have majority support but they will never have unanimous support.
There will always be a very vocal, very loud, minority of people who genuinely passionately believe that their lives are going to be ruined because they have to wait 10 minutes in traffic on the embankment.
So the key condition for any meaningful Superhighway scheme to happen is political leadership which is prepared to listen to reasonable objections, but in the end to listen to the majority rather than the minority and proceed with scheme.
The problem is that it's difficult and it will get you lots of angry emails and letters.
Cyc: The LTDA has complained that the reallocation of road space isn't fair on taxi drivers, where did you stand on that?
AG: It's a very fair deal. At the moment the vast majority of road space is given to the least efficient users of it.
Taxis are an incredibly inefficient use of road space. They're even worse than cars because at least cars are always going somewhere, but taxis are often just cruising around looking for work or coming back from dropping someone off.
Cyc: Why has the government historically been so reluctant to invest in cycling and cycling infrastructure?
AG: I think partly it's a generational thing. One of the things I found most interesting about the job is that your view of cycling varied very much depending on how old you were.
For anyone over about 50, a bicycle was what you had if you couldn't afford a car, it was a sign of failure, you wanted to get rid off it as soon as possible as you couldn't get girls on a bike.
Buying a nice big car is how you said you were a man, and successful. That's completely different for younger people.
Most ministers, certainly cabinet ministers are older than the average. Then the vast majority of politicians don't come from London, which doesn't help.
Cyc: Did you have any significant cooperation from central government for Boris's schemes?
AG: The DfT [Department for Transport] I've always thought were a complete waste of time. To offer one example – a few years ago we wanted them to allow us TfL [Transport for London] to enforce mandatory bike lanes, so give fines for people who drove into mandatory bike lanes.
That's a power we already have on bus lanes. There is such a power in the 2004 Road Traffic Act but it hasn't been commenced. And all it would have taken is a minister signing a piece of paper saying ‘I commence this power' to allow us to enforce it.
We argued for years and kept saying – can we please start this power so we can enforce cycle lanes in the same way we enforce bus lanes. And the answer was just no.
Thankfully we didn't have to deal with them for London-based projects. I think the only way to achieve anything with cycling is to get it done through local authorities.
Cyc: With that in mind, why did you not achieve more wide-reaching changes?
AG: My experience of the three years was that, as you know, TFL only owns 5% of the roads in London, but then the other 95% of roads, including what we think of as main roads are owned by the boroughs, and unfortunately the vast majority of boroughs don't really get cycling, and they're not very good at it.
Of the 33 boroughs there are perhaps 5 or 6 that really get this and are willing to show the political leadership that's needed.
So my conclusion was that we should probably not waste our time with boroughs that were not seriously interested in cycling, and we should focus our efforts on the TfL roads that we controlled and this handful of boroughs that were seriously interested in doing stuff.
Cyc: Does London present a different problem for cyclists than the rest of the UK?
AG: London's transport ecology is completely different from almost all of the rest of the country. I mean virtually nobody drives into Central London.
There are 1.3m people coming into Central London each morning, but only 59,000 come by car, making up less than 5%. Yet those people get a vast share of the surface of London.
I just think it's crazy that we prioritise this tiny minority above everyone else.
That's the political reality of transport in London. You will get a lot of complaining and a lot of noises but they are tiny tiny minorities.
Cyc: What would your ideal solution have been for cyclists in London have been?
AG: I think we need less traffic in Central London full stop, we need to increase the congestion charge. The congestion charge is a proven instrument for reducing traffic levels and I think we should increase it significantly for private cars in particular.
I mean the number of commuters coming in by car is less than 5% but you look at cars, taxis and private hire vehicles together, they make up 50% of the traffic in Central London.
Then I would put in more segregated lanes on main roads, as obviously there will always be a certain amount of traffic.
I would put in more filtering of neighbourhoods, you could still drive to anywhere you wanted but it would take a bit longer that's all.
Cyc: Does that mean a war on motorists?
AG: I don't believe in a war and I don't believe in banning driving and there's obviously certain people that have to drive – that's fine. But the majority of people in London want and would benefit from less motor traffic.
Nowhere in Inner London has even 50% car ownership by household, even in Kensington and Chelsea only 46% of households have a car.
That's households not people.
Cyc: Where did you stand on the debate between people who considered cycling infrastructure essential and those who thought greater numbers of cyclists was more important to safety?
AG: Infrastructure makes a massive difference to safety. We know how people get killed on bikes. Typically they get killed by lorries crossing across their paths and crashing below their wheels.
That is physically impossible on a segregated track. We've had a consistently declining trend of cycling casualties in London due in part to this infrastructure and also other things like safety standard for lorries.
Cyc: Do you think that increasing the perceived safety of cycling is the important issue?
AG: I mean perceived safety is as important as actual safety I always believe this. Cycling as you know objectively is not unsafe, it's pretty safe.
There were something like 270 million cycle journeys in London last year in which 9 ended in death. That compares with 1989 which was the peak year for cycling casualties when there were 90 million cycle journeys in London of which 33 ended in death.
More than three times as many and in a third the volume of cycling. The casualty rate has dramatically improved by all measures.
Yet people believe that cycling is unsafe, partly because of all the coverage of cycling deaths and so on and partly because it doesn't feel safe – when you're on the road on a bike you feel vulnerable.
We could have done more flexible forms of segregation outside of junctions, where the most accidents happen, but I wanted them to be permanent for that extra sense of safety and so no future politician could come in and take them out.
Or at least if they did want to we would definitely notice.
Cyc: How did you feel about the technical solution of the Cycle Superhighway? Was there anything you would have done differently?
AG: They're pretty good I think. They're the best thing that's been built in Britain and they're carrying thousands and thousands of people a day already.
The North-South one is already carrying 29 a minute at the rush hour. We chose bi-directional tracks because that took up less space. That's not the norm in other cities.
If you go somewhere like Holland you're more likely to see two single directional tracks than a bi-directional track. We chose bi-directional tracks because they would take up less space.
You could get away with removing one of the four traffic lanes on the Embankment. If you wanted single direction tracks we would have to have removed two of the the four.
I think they work pretty well and I think most cyclists are happy, indeed ecstatic with how they're working.
Cyc: How did you feel about the more creative solutions to cycle lanes, such as the plan to build skyways for bicycles?
AG: Ugh, ludicrous. It was the bane of my life, I mean most weeks we kept getting approached by these people with absurd schemes.
Then the most ludicrous of all is their schemes for elevated bikeways above railways lines. Then there was this other one for proposed bike lanes in disused underground tunnels.
I remember saying - where are these disused underground tunnels and how would you get down to them by the way since most of these stations are only accessed by escalators or lifts? That ended that.
It was good for a headline in the Evening Standard but it is completely impractical, it would have cost every penny we had for three miles of route.
Then an architectural practice came in with some plan for an elevated bike path above the tracks into Liverpool Street and I said to them – what happens when you hit a bridge? Do you close the railway line to construct these things? What do you do about all the rail passengers?
What about all the people living beside the line who would complain quite rightly that their light was being removed by a double decker railway? By the way it's going to cost £900m.
There are no magic solutions, there are simple solutions easy enough for everyone to support but you just have to have the balls to do them.
Cyc: You're now working for the Sunday Times, what's your explanation for the negativity coming from many national newspapers toward cycling when so many staff members must be city-based and possibly cyclists?
AG: You must remember that newspapers are not written for the benefit of the staff but for the benefit of the readers, and in the case of the Mail that's old farts in the countryside who hate cyclists.
The reason newspapers often cover cycling is purely clickbait. You do something about cycling and you immediately get a thousand comments and it's just the way it is. It's truly weird.
I don't know why it attracts such passions, I really don't. Maybe it's because it's relatively new, I don't know.
Cyc: Cyclists seem to receive a lot of animosity, especially in cities, what solutions did you see to this?
AG: Well, people kept saying you should do more to improve cyclists' behaviour but I'm not responsible for cyclists' behaviour.
We did do a lot of stuff about improving behaviour, we did a thing called operation safeway putting police officers by the side of the road to stop people who were riding irresponsibly and driving irresponsibility, it was an impartial operation aimed at all road users.
But I don't buy this argument that all cyclists should have insurance and wear helmets and high-vis and then everybody would love them. That's not true at all.
People decide they don't want cycling then they look for reasons to oppose it. Then sometimes they just make up reasons.
I'm not saying cyclists are complete paragons of virtue all the time, but they don't omit any pollution (they're not responsible for increasing pollution as many of their opponents say - that is just a lie).
They don't create much congestion if any and they're not a safety risk. Occasionally cyclists alarm people by riding on the pavement or something but the number of people killed by cyclists in London averages out to about 1 or 0.5 a year.
The number of people killed by cars in London is about 100-200 a year I believe. It's a silly argument.
We used to get lots of letters to City Hall complaining about cyclists' behaviour and virtually no letters complaining about motorists' behaviour despite the latter being far more dangerous.
Cyc: Have you been shocked by the claims that cycle lanes have increased congestion and pollution in London?
AG: Basically that's one of the things you get. People makes things up, they lie. I mean either they lie or they just imagine stuff. Superhighways are commonly blamed for all of the congestion in Central London which is ridiculous.
I mean 15,000 miles of road in Central London of which 12 has got cycle lanes on [it].
Cyc: If not cycling, what other answers are there for the future of London's congestion?
AG: I'm not absolutely sure that big infrastructure projects that politicians talk about actually do the job, I think you need lots of little ones.
Even Crossrail – Sir Peter Hendy [former TfL boss] has said it is going to be full virtually from the point it opens and the problem with big infra be they new railways or new roads is that traffic expands to fill the available space and I think it is true of public transport as well.
So we'll have spent a lot of money to build a new railway but it's not going to solve the problem, it's not going to reduce demand.
We need to start thinking much more seriously about not only how we increase supply but how we reduce supply.
That means not building any more out of town supermarkets and not building any more NHS hospitals miles away from anywhere.
I don't believe that the answer to London's transport problems is a vast slew of new railways or transport links.
I think the answer is cycling actually.
Sterling could fall by 30% and the stock market by 20% if the UK should leave the European Union, according to a stark assessment from an award-winning team of independent economic analysts.
The warning comes amid growing anxiety on the financial markets about a possible Brexit, and as chancellor George Osborne prepares to address the annual gathering of City leaders at the lord mayor's banquet on Thursday about the potential havoc.
On Friday sterling dropped by 1.6% as opinion polls suggested that Brexit was increasingly likely. The pound was subject earlier in the week to volatility unmatched since 2008's financial crash.
In an analysis on their company's website, Ian Harnett, the chief investment strategist at Absolute Strategy Research, who is a former chief European strategist at UBS, warns that the dangers are even greater than many imagine and than movements on markets have so far reflected. “The downside risk is probably 30% to sterling and another 20% to equities,” Harnett states. Their research team is headed by David Bowers, the former chief global strategist at Merrill Lynch.
Harnett says that, while uncertainty and an appreciation of risk exist, the equity and bond markets have not yet adjusted to reflect this because of what they describe as complacency. Leading economic organisations, including the International Monetary Fund, the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development and the Bank of England, have all warned of severe economic shock from Brexit.
Now, in the run-up to the vote on 23 June, to remain side wants to focus more on the impact it will have not only on government finances and the tax intake but also on people's household budgets, mortgages and the public services they use.
Two weeks ago a unique poll by Ipsos MORI for the Observer found that nine out of 10 of more than 600 economists working across academia, the City, industry, small businesses and the public sector believe that the economy will be harmed by Brexit.
A sharp fall in sterling would mean that imports would become more expensive, forcing up prices in the shops and leading to inflation. Economists believe that this could force the Bank to push up interest rates, resulting in higher mortgage payments for millions of householders.
Vote Leave has dismissed the warnings from experts as scare stories from EU-supporting organisations and claims that the economy will be stronger outside the union.
The Grand Lodge of the Independent Order of Svithiod sounds as though it would be imposing and a little frightening, like something out of Game of Thrones. It's a bit of a disappointment to learn that "Svithiod" just means "Swedish" in Swedish, and that the Grand Lodge itself occupies half of a modest single-story building on the northwest side.
A century ago, the order, which was founded in 1880, had 18,000 members in 76 lodges across the upper midwest, plus a retirement community in Minnetonka, Minnesota, and a nursing home in Niles. It organized dinners and picnics, raised money for scholarships and aid for its poorer members, and chartered trips back to the homeland. Its membership was limited to men of Swedish descent; to keep out imposters, such as Norwegians, all meetings were conducted in Swedish. They wore colorful velvet robes and sashes, practiced maneuvers with swords, and posed for pictures dressed like Vikings. Memorabilia from the old days hangs on the wood-paneled walls of the present lodge, the order's home since 1974.
In the mid-20th century the organization fell on hard times. To stay alive, the group started admitting women and, in 1962, finally resorted to letting other Scandinavians join: Norwegians, Danes, Icelanders, even Finns. ("We don't talk about the Finns," jokes secretary-treasurer Arlene Lindell.) Now they'll even take spouses of Scandinavians; one of the more recent past grand masters was (gasp!) German. Lindell, a sexagenarian, is one of the younger members.
Still, membership continues to fall. There are only seven lodges left, and Lindell is afraid the group may lose the Grand Lodge building because it can no longer afford the steep property taxes. "When there's no building," they say, "that's the end.
"People don't need this anymore," they continue. "They don't need people who speak Swedish. They have the Internet or TV or socialize in bars. They don't need to come to the hall and talk to people to get a job. But I hate to see an organization that's been around so long not continue." They point to a carved wooden frame that contains pictures of the order's past grand masters. "Look, there's just one space left."
South Korea's President Moon Jae-In delivers a statement during the 19th Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN)-Republic of Korea Summit on the sidelines of the 31st ASEAN Summit and Related summits at the Philippine International Convention Center (PICC) in Manila, Philippines November 13, 2017. [Photo/Agencies]
The Republic of Korea's President Moon Jae-in was simply telling the truth when they said on Thursday that the 2015 agreement between their country and Japan intended to settle once and for all the decades-long row over Korean women forced into wartime sexual slavery was seriously flawed, “both in process and content”.
Their remarks came after a state-appointed panel concluded the ROK's former government failed to properly communicate with the victims to get their consent on the deal and covered up the Japanese demands that Seoul avoid using the term “sexual slavery” — with Seoul agreeing to formally refer to the victims as “victims of Japanese military comfort stations” — and provide a specific plan to remove a bronze statue representing sex slaves in front of its embassy in Seoul.
That is why the deal, though called “final and irreversible”, has never really resolved the highly emotional issue, which remains a thorn in bilateral relations, as proved by the continuation of weekly demonstrations in front of the Japanese embassy in Seoul.
It was always an agreement struck on shaky ground, and Japan has been angry that Seoul hasn't taken steps to remove the statue and similar memorials in the country, while it has fostered anger in the ROK as it failed to seek an explicit apology from the Japanese government for wartime abuses.
It is not a question of money.
The fund established under the 2015 deal provides 1 billion yen ($8.8 million) to the surviving victims in the name of recovering their “honor and dignity” and healing their “psychological wounds”. It is about Japan shirking its responsibilities, as Tokyo stopped short of calling the money official government compensation, thereby refusing to acknowledge the Japanese government at the time systematically organized military sex enslavement.
Historical records and memories of the victims themselves suggest that Japan forced tens of thousands of women from Korea and other Asian countries that it invaded during World War II to be sex slaves for its imperial army.
Yet the current Japanese administration has been reluctant to acknowledge this, insisting that “comfort women” were recruited by civilians and that the army brothels were commercially operated.
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe once even said the women were not forced to be sex slaves as “there was no evidence to prove there was coercion as initially suggested”.
Because of all this, the victims and their sympathizers have never accepted the deal, seeing it as political expediency.
As Moon said, the agreement cannot resolve the comfort women issue.
That can only happen when those in Japan who continue to insist on whitewashing the country's wartime history face it squarely so that the past can be laid to rest.
PEORIA — If it's true that everything is better with bacon, a jazz festival slated for September on the Peoria riverfront has gotten a lot more appetizing.
The Peoria Park District was in the process of planning the event, scheduled for Sept. 13, with help from the Central Illinois Jazz Society in booking musical acts. Event planner Annette Begner stepped forward to add a bacon element, and the festival now has a name: “An Evening of Jazz with a Side of Bacon and Kegs.”
The festival will run from noon to 11 p.m. Sept. 13 on the riverfront and feature entertainment from John Miller and The Romaniacs, Kevin Hart and the Vibe Tribe, David Hoffman and Friends, Central Illinois Jazz Train, JC and the Redemption and Adam Larson. Ticket prices have not yet been announced.
Begner is hoping to attract chefs, mixologists and merchants to offer bacon-related foods and products.
“We want interesting, new things, like bacon-flavored cotton candy, so people can have something they don't normally have,” said Begner, who notes the festival is a tribute to their husband, a bacon enthusiast.
A “5keg” run/walk will feature stopping points that include bacon brownies and live entertainment. The event will also name a “Miss Bacon” and “Mr. Keg Belly.”
Vendors who are interested in participating can contact Begner at 678-8898.
Joe Hart is following a path trod by Paul Ince, Paul Gascoigne and David Beckham
It's a familiar complaint that top British players do not test themselves abroad and it's telling that Joe Hart will become the first English goalkeeper to appear in Serie A since the league began in 1929/30.
However, having introduced the game to the world, the history of British influence in Italian football is extensive. From James Richardson Spensley and Willy Garbutt's early achievements with Genoa, it's a rich tradition.
Welsh great John Charles became a footballing icon in Italy as a result of their performances for Juventus from the late 1950s, while Jimmy Greaves and Denis Law both had spells in Serie A during the early 1960s.
August 30 - The Latest transfer news including Hart's move to Torino August 30 - The Latest transfer news including Hart's move to Torino
Another wave of big names made the trip out to Italy in the 1980s with the likes of Ray Wilkins, Trevor Francis, Graeme Souness and others taking their talents to what was then the strongest league in the world.
The ban on English clubs in Europe also proved a catalyst with Ian Rush, David Platt and Paul Gascoigne all making the move. More recently, Hart's former England team-mates David Beckham and Ashley Cole have played for Milan and Roma respectively.
So what can Hart learn from the experiences of their predecessors? Here, we pick out some choice advice for the England goalkeeper ahead of their season-long loan with Torino…
Ray Wilkins (AC Milan)
"You have to fend for yourself a hell of a lot. I think 27 was a good age to go because I had all the experience on the planet having played around 50 times for my country at that time. So I wasn't walking into something that was totally new to me, instead it was something that I could embrace."
Ian Rush (Juventus)
"Without doubt I would recommend the experience to any young player. It was the best thing that happened to me. People say it was a disappointing year but it wasn't. I was top scorer for Juventus; I learned so much about football; I learned about the culture of Italy. It was the best thing I ever did."
Trevor Francis (Sampdoria & Atalanta)
"Having already been there in Italy with Juventus, Liam Brady could speak Italian which was helpful. Liam moved on after two years and I took over their role then with Graeme Souness in terms of helping Graeme. It was good to have an English-speaking person there as the other foreigner."
Gordon Cowans (Bari)
"When we landed at the airport there were around 5,000 Bari supporters there. It was absolutely potty. We couldn't walk through the airport because there were people grabbing us and kissing us. It was a huge shock just how much it meant to them that we were coming to join the club."
Lee Sharpe (Sampdoria)
"I absolutely loved it. Both the city and the training ground were fantastic. I was in an apartment for a couple of months but unfortunately not many of the players spoke much English. So the language barrier was a bit of a problem."
Luther Blissett (AC Milan)
"I've got no regrets whatsoever about going to Italy. None. For your football education it's great and whatever happens you will learn from it and come back a better person and a stronger person. You learn from it whether you do well or not."
The province has reopened a dozen more Alberta lakes for fishing this year.
Eight lakes in particular have been reopened for walleye fishing. Some of these lakes have been closed since 1996, when the province implemented major restrictions on walleye fishing due to population decline, the Alberta government said in a media release Saturday.
Some have been closed even longer than 1996 — Glennifer Reservoir, south of Red Deer, was last open to fishing 29 years ago.
April 1 marks the first day of the 2017 sport fishing season.
Alberta lakes that have reopened for fishing include:
Walleye : Pine Coulee Reservoir, Burnstick Lake, Gleniffer Reservoir, Gull Lake, Lac Bellevue, Bourque Lake, Hilda Lake and Lac La Biche.
: Pine Coulee Reservoir, Burnstick Lake, Gleniffer Reservoir, Gull Lake, Lac Bellevue, Bourque Lake, Hilda Lake and Lac La Biche. Pike : Pine Coulee Reservoir, Magee Lake, Manatokan Lake, Bangs Lake.
: Pine Coulee Reservoir, Magee Lake, Manatokan Lake, Bangs Lake. Yellow Perch: Strubel Lake.
To maintain walleye populations and prevent overfishing in the reopened lakes, the province is implementing a tag system that will work as a draw.
The 2017 Special Walleye Licence Draw runs from April 4 to April 27, and results will be posted online May 8. The cost of a tag is $11, two-thirds of which will be invested back into the provincial fisheries program, the province said.
"The reopening of these lakes demonstrates the importance of conservation and sustainable harvesting," Environment Minister Shannon Phillips said in a media release.
"Sound management of our lakes, streams and rivers will ensure Albertans will be able to fish for generations to come."
If you wanted some good news on a Monday, in what has generally been an abysmal August, well then we don't have any for you.
Jelle Van Damme tweeted out their injury prognosis and, while it's not horrible, it's not great for a team that still has 8 games remaining and their last midweek game coming up next week.
Sprain in mcl.2-3 weeks out,so let's try for 2!!💪🏻 #LAGalaxy — jelle van damme (@jelle_van_damme) August 29, 2016
Van Damme says that they have sprained their (Left) MCL and that he'll be out for 2-3 weeks. And while their tweet seems to be optimistic in looking at 2 weeks, the LA Galaxy can hardly afford to have their most influential player off the field right now. Van Damme should easily win the team MVP vote after the season and there's a strong possibility that he's the best Defender in Major League Soccer this year.
The LA Galaxy's schedule is unfortunately busy in the next two weeks. While they don't play midweek this week, they'll play on Saturday vs Columbus (9.3.2016), Wednesday at Real Salt Lake (9.7.2016) and then Back home the following Sunday for a matchup with Orland City (9.11.2016). Those are all games that Van Damme could possibly miss. It's probably wise to expect Jelle Van Damme is a possibility for the September 18th game at Sporting KC.
But the injuries are mounting for the LA Galaxy with Steven Gerrard and Gyasi Zardes both having to leave the game early on Saturday in a 0-0 draw with Vancouver. And if reports are true, Nigel De Jong – while perfectly healthy – may be on their way to Galatasaray in Turkey almost immediately on a transfer. The Galaxy is looking thin for their game against Columbus and beyond.
However, if a positive attitude can speed up recovery then Van Damme should be ready by noon tomorrow (we wish). Regardless of their current standing, and no matter how good the defense does while everyone waits their return, the bottom line is that the LA Galaxy need Jelle Van Damme if they're to have any hope of making a late season push for an MLS Cup.
Comments
comments
Former Florida Gov. and 2016 Republican presidential candidate Jeb Bush is lambasting Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton after a progressive group released a new ad criticizing their defense of brother George W. Bush and how they handled the Sept. 11 terror attacks when they were commander-in-chief.
Bush tweeted to Clinton on Sunday, “Your political machine's 9/11 ad is disgraceful. As a New Yorker you know the leadership my brother provided after 9/11.”
The GOPer was referencing a 30-second spot from the group “Americans United for Change,” which is not affiliated with Clinton (although the group shares president, Brad Woodhouse, with pro-Clinton super political action committee Correct the Record).
RELATED: Jeb leaves ‘I'm my own man' behind
The ad, called “Safe?”, focuses on Bush's comments during last week's Republican presidential debate, in which they defended their older brother's national security strategy, arguing “he kept us safe.” The line earned them applause, but the new ad suggests the former president did not keep the country safe from “a crumbling economy,” “bureaucratic catastrophe” and “unnecessary war.”
Woodhouse said in a statement about the ad, “It's as if Jeb Bush believes their brother's presidency began on Sept. 12, 2001. But we're not letting Jeb rewrite history.”
Bush has had to strike a balance of respecting their family legacy while also proving he's a leader who would make their own decisions.
Clinton's campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment about Bush's latest criticism.
Friends and family of a man killed in a violent home invasion this week say a mother, their son and their boyfriend are among the seven people facing charges in connection with their death.
More details are emerging about the suspects — two women, three men and two male teens — charged and in custody after the stabbing death of Raymond Beaver at their home at 1 Lansdowne Ave. in the city's east end.
Melissa George, 34, is charged with uttering a threat to cause death or bodily harm to Beaver. George also is charged with breaking and entering and assault.
She's the mother of 18-year-old Nicholas George, and the girlfriend of Daniel Cavanagh, 32, who are both charged with assault with a weapon and breaking and entering to commit an indictable offence.
Amanda Clarke, Beaver's step-daughter, and other friends say the 34-year-old George was Beaver's niece.
George and Cavanagh were a couple, friends said Tuesday. The two had been together for almost three years, according to their Facebook profiles.
The 18-year-old accused has a young son, according to their Facebook page.
Also charged in connection with the assault are Lisa Sager, 38, and Peter Townsend, 20. They were taken into police custody late Wednesday night and charged with breaking and entering and assault with a weapon.
Two male teens, 15 and 16, who can't be named under the Youth Criminal Justice Act, are charged with one count each of breaking and entering.
None of the seven faces homicide-related charges, but the police asked for three of the adults in custody to be held for three days while they unravel how and why Beaver died.
Three of the adults who were arrested early Wednesday — Cavanagh, George and their son — made brief court appearances by video link Thursday morning.
All had their cases adjourned until Tuesday, when the investigative hold requested by police is due to expire.
The younger George's defence lawyer, Jim Dean, indicated to justice of the peace Susan Stewart that the adjournment will allow more time for additional background to be forwarded to the defence and to see if any additional charges are going to be laid.
During their brief video appearance, Cavanagh kept their head down and mumbled, “Yes, ma'am,” when asked if they understood they would remain in custody.
Clarke and their mother, Beaver's wife, were in court to watch the three accused make their appearances.
“It was really hard, but it was for my stepdad,” they said in a Facebook message.
“I wanted to see the faces and see if they looked sorry.”
Clarke launched a GoFundMe campaign Wednesday to support Beaver's wife and 13-year-old daughter and help pay funeral expenses. The crowdfunding page has a $6,000 target.
“I think we are all still in shock and disbelief. This is something that should just never happen to anyone,” said Clarke.
“We are all not even sure where to begin, but we have to start picking up the pieces now.”
Clarke said Beaver's daughter is in their last year of elementary school. With their father gone, money is a concern. They said the family hasn't been able to return to the Lansdowne Avenue home and is still reeling from the sudden loss.
“I feel that if our community could come together to raise any amount of money, it would really help Destiny for their future,” they said.
On Facebook, Clarke said Beaver's funeral will be held at Needham Funeral Service on Dundas Street Tuesday at 2 p.m., with visitation one hour prior.
She'll remember the 43 year old for their charming ways and quick wit.
“He was the kind of guy that once you met him, you'd always remember him. They didn't blend in with the crowd,” they said.
jbieman@postmedia.com
jsims@postmedia.com
The BAS Research Center, located in Berkeley, is making strides in researching safe and healthy methods for cannabis extraction and manufacturing, according Bao Le, CEO and co-founder of BAS.
Le got into the cannabis business in order to ensure there would be safe product easily accessible on the market. Their youngest son suffered from night terrors and seizures, and as a result, Le began to research options to help their son sleep through the night. They began giving their son a small amount of edible marijuana on a cracker before bed, and their son was finally able to sleep.
The oils from products like the edibles used by Le's son often come from the “gray market,” which Le described as manufacturers operating without licenses who don't have to put products through the rigorous tests that they perform at the BAS Research Center.
“I started to ask myself, ‘Is this the right thing for my son?' ” Le said.
Le sold their chiropractic practice and entered the cannabis research business to create a safe and healthy product. They said some oil on the market could be poisoning consumers without their knowledge.
BAS tried to obtain a license for extraction and manufacturing in cities throughout California, but all applications were denied to the company until Le came to Berkeley.
“Berkeley understood our business model and gave us the opportunity to execute our business plan,” Le said, calling Berkeley a mixing pot of diversity.
The manufacturing license obtained by BAS is held by at least one other manufacturer in Berkeley, according to city spokesperson Matthai Chakko. Chakko said this license means BAS will be taxed differently than other manufacturers. The company also cannot sell product directly from its site and must sell wholesale product.
To obtain the THC oil, the company goes through a process similar to making essential oils. After making this concentrated cannabis oil, BAS then sells the oil to companies that develop them into products such as edibles or vape materials.
Victor Pinho, the director of marketing and communications at Berkeley Patient Group, a local dispensary, described the excreted oil as a starting point for many products sold at dispensaries.
Le said they hope that with the recent passage of Proposition 64, which legalized recreational marijuana, the stigma surrounding the industry will disappear. Le holds their mother as an example of this stigma. Despite their sleep problems and pain that comes with aging, they said they would never get a medical marijuana card and it doesn't seem like a viable option to them
Along with social benefits, Le said they believe legalization will open up more avenues of research and encourage more cities to open up research facilities like the BAS Research Center. They said research would lead to higher standards that will make products safer.
Despite moving to the cannabis industry and producing safe products, Le said the “gray market” still remains a problem for BAS. By not having a payroll or the same high standards as licensed manufacturers, manufacturers from the “gray market” are able to sell at lower prices, putting BAS in a difficult position.
“No matter what, at the end of the day we strive to make the most trusted and safe products on the market,” Le said.
Contact Kate Tinney at [email protected].
Vice President Mike Pence faces backlash for photo of Freedom Caucus meeting
CLOSE In the fight to replace Obamacare, Vice President Mike Pence decided to pay the Freedom Caucus a visit. But it's who's missing that has everyone talking. Nathan Rousseau Smith (@fantasticmrnate) explains. Buzz60
In the age of social media, optics are everything.
So the responses to a tweet from Vice President Mike Pence of their and President Trump's meeting with the House Freedom Caucus shouldn't be a surprise.
Appreciated joining @POTUS for meeting with the Freedom Caucus again today. This is it. #PassTheBillpic.twitter.com/XG6lQIy5a6 — Vice President Pence (@VP) March 23, 2017
The problem? The photo of the meeting on the Obamacare replacement bill didn't include a single woman.
A rare look inside the GOP's women's health caucus. https://t.co/SgLmvSpeSM — Senator Patty Murray (@PattyMurray) March 23, 2017
Oh look, a room full of white men😤 RT @VP Appreciated joining @POTUS for meeting with the Freedom Caucus again today pic.twitter.com/omp3d5ZvAY — Whitney Hess (@whitneyhess) March 23, 2017
@VP@POTUS all 25 people in this photo are white dudes — Aaron Rupar (@atrupar) March 23, 2017
As a note: The conservative Freedom Caucus doesn't have any female members.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2mW2Gyh
Ciphrex CEO and Bitcoin Core Contributor Eric Lombrozo gave what was perhaps the most in-depth talk at the recent Blockchain Agenda Conference in San Diego. While most of the other presentations and panel discussions focused on topics such as regulation and disruption of traditional financial institutions, Lombrozo's talk mainly focused on the technical side of things. In particular, the highly-experienced information security specialist spoke about the possibilities for scaling Bitcoin to many more users in the near future.
During their presentation, Lombrozo covered three key options for scalability that could eventually allow the network to handle much wider adoption of the digital cash system. Although all of the attention has been on a potential increase in the block-size limit over the past year, Lombrozo did not discuss this potential change to the Bitcoin protocol.
More Efficient Cryptographic Proofs
Cryptographic proofs are not something usually discussed in the wider Bitcoin community, but Lombrozo believes that finding more efficient methods of proving some piece of knowledge via cryptography could be helpful for scalability. They explained:
“We need to think in terms of scripting systems which are optimized for efficient proofs. A lot of the computational problems are not really easily amenable to this kind of stuff, but luckily, a lot of the kinds of problems we're interested in for these kinds of things do offer efficient proofs, which means it's much easier to verify the proof than to construct the proof.”
It's possible that this option for creating a more efficient Bitcoin network is not often discussed because it is quite technical, but MIT's Madars Virza gave a talk on the topic at Scaling Bitcoin Hong Kong. In their talk, Virza talked about the role of zero-knowledge proofs for Bitcoin scalability.
In Lombrozo's presentation, they noted that some of the new breakthroughs in cryptography still need some time before it would make sense to incorporate them into Bitcoin: “Some of the more cutting-edge crypto stuff, like zk-SNARKs, are still too fresh to apply to these financial networks, but there are potential ways in which we could generalize them to solve all kinds of different problems.”
Zerocash, a system for truly anonymous digital payments, leverages zk-SNARKs to fix many of the privacy issues in Bitcoin.
More Options for Transaction Validation
Another opportunity for better Bitcoin scalability comes in the form of more options for transaction validation. Lombrozo explained that not every transaction needs to be completely validated before someone may feel comfortable with accepting it as real:
“Since it doesn't make sense to have every single node validate every single transaction by every single other node (because this will never scale), we need to have a way to have more of a spectrum where we can allow nodes to have partial validation where they may not be 100 percent sure, but if they're 99.999 percent sure that things are correct, then it can cut down on a lot of the validation costs. That might be worth it.”
An often-used example here is that one's purchase of a morning coffee at Starbucks doesn't necessarily need to be broadcast and validated by every Bitcoin node in the world.
Lombrozo also added that opt-in models for trusting others could also be useful:
“We can have opt-in trust models where you could trust a server with the task of validation, but you choose to do that. It's not something where you're forced to do it.”
The key point here is simply giving users more options when it comes to transaction validation. If less validation is needed on a particular transaction, then accepting a lower trust model can help unclog blocks.
Off-Chain Protocols
The third way to scale Bitcoin discussed by Lombrozo was off-chain protocols. These are the sorts of options that take transactions off the blockchain and onto federated servers or other low-trust networks. Lombrozo seemed extremely bullish on this option for scaling Bitcoin during their talk. They stated:
“One of the most exciting developments this year is the development of off-chain protocols. I think this is one of the most exciting areas that we've seen. I think this is probably the most interesting development that has occurred since Bitcoin was created.”
Examples of off-chain bitcoin transactions include: transactions between Coinbase users, the Lightning Network, Open Transactions, and micropayment channels ( the best illustration being Streamium).
Although the focus of Bitcoin's scalability debate is still on the block-size limit right now, it's clear there are still many options out there to consider. Bitcoin Core and the increasingly-popular Bitcoin Classic will both continue to make cases for their scalability solutions in the coming months.
Kyle Torpey is a freelance journalist who has been following Bitcoin since 2011. Their work has been featured on VICE Motherboard, Business Insider, RT's Keiser Report, and many other media outlets. You can follow @kyletorpey on Twitter.
Three sisters from a poor family petitioned the abbot of the Laughing Monkey Clan for admission to the Temple as developers.
“I cannot hire any of you,” said the abbot after they looked at their résumés and code samples. “You do not have the necessary experience.”
“But it is the same complaint everywhere we go!” protested one of the sisters. “How are we to acquire experience if we are refused entrance to every place that offers experience simply because we lack experience?”
Master Kaimu happened to be passing by and overheard this. They said to the girls: “Desire is the root of all suffering. If you cannot do what you desire, then do what you must, so that in your spare time you may do what you truly love.”
The master then departed, but the girls were not comforted.
Several months later the master came upon these same three sisters sharing a humble meal in the village. They asked them how they fared.
The first said, “By day I do carpentry to pay the bills, and by night I carve sculptures for my amusement.”
The second said, “By day I sell fish to pay the bills, and by night I practice dance for my amusement.”
The third said, “By day I repair garments to pay the bills, and by night I code little applications for my amusement.”
Kaimu returned to the abbot and, telling them what had transpired, said, “Admit the third sister to your clan, for they have what we seek.”
The abbot asked, “Should we not advise their elder sisters to follow their example, that they might gain experience and also be admitted?”
“Null,” said Kaimu. “How can we advise them on ‘what to truly love'?”
Having secured for them their victory as Deputy Leader, Tom Watson has now warned everybody about the arm-twisting Trotskyist entryists in the Labour Party. Apparently the irony escaped them that the only other person in history to have complained about Trotskyist infiltration to this extent was Joseph Stalin.
Yes, there are Marxists and Trotskyists in the Labour Party. Why the attention? Guardian commentator, John Harris, suggests “a great deal of the current fuss goes back to Militant…whose people began to join the Labour party in the early 1960s.”
Actually, the history of the influence of Trotskyists and their theory, Marxism, in the Labour Movement and Party goes back a lot further than that.
The world's original trade union movement were the Chartists in Liverpool. Two participants were Marx and Engels, the German philosophers who analysed the experience of the Chartists and developed the theory of Marxism. However, for much of the 19th Century, the leaders of the trade unions tended not to come from the working class that they represented and were perfectly happy to wine and dine in the company of their fellow “comrades”, the Lords and MPs of the Liberal Party. That all changed with the 1880s New Unionism movement, led by Marxists Eleanor Marx and Edward Aveling.
This movement pointed out that the labour movement needed its own independent party that would represent the trade union struggle in parliament. The Labour Party was thus formed in 1900 but not on a particularly socialist platform. It was only in the 1920s/30s, having been inspired by the Russian Revolution (Trotsky being a major player in that event), that the Labour Party went through a manifesto tack to the left. This resulted in the 1931 split. The right-wing left to form a hated national government with the Conservative Party, the left-wing laid the path for Attlee's success in 1945.
The Militant Tendency did not rise as an evil spectre in the 1960s but was a successor of the Marxist movement in the British working class. Its members were working class activists who aimed to provide hope for people let down by the socioeconomic crisis of the 1970s/1980s. It got a lot of support for this. Militant Labour councillors in Liverpool won seats off the Liberal Party and the SDP in 1983, increasing the majority in 1984. 3 Labour MPs came from Militant. One of them, Terry Fields, was the only Labour MP to win a seat off the Conservatives in the 1983 general election – the party lost 51 seats overall.
Paul Mason describes Militant members as “robotic cadres…wearing kipper ties”. Yet not only was Labour's Young Socialist group controlled by Militant – suggesting an appeal for its ideas in the youth of the party – but under Militant it grew to its largest ever size with 600 branches. Through this, Militant got the first black woman elected onto Labour's National Executive Committee, Linda Douglas.
It was not unelectability of the Militant MPs' radical left platform that led to their demise. Dave Nellist and Terry Fields went on to win a second election each. Whilst Pat Wall died in office, the other two were deselected by Labour's NEC (that very process the Labour MPs are complaining about now) and expelled from the party.
Why were Trotskyists so successful? Their policy programme and proving they could deliver it. The Militant Liverpool council built 4,000 council homes illegally in defiance of the Tory government's horrendous welfare programme, it settled redundancy pay to council workers that the previous council had laid off and refused to pay. It also began a programme of community work that provided things such as child care and education for the deprived local population.
Even once Militant was expelled, it single-handedly ran a campaign against the poll tax (a flat tax that every UK household would be forced to pay), which they won, inspiring 18 million people to boycott the tax collection. The success of the anti-Poll tax campaign forced Margaret Thatcher out of office. The workers who formed the Labour Party would see far more eye-to-eye with these policies than they would with disastrous imperialist wars, calling to undemocratically override a vote against the establishment and calling for the Tory government to crush striking unions.
Rather than vilifying the Militant for all eternity, perhaps Labour should consider that, despite its faults (over-stretching of small group's resources resulting in a leadership clique forming), the Militant's tactics and achievements may hold answers for Labour's crisis today. The history of the Militant is a story of the radical left turfing Tories out, winning campaigns involving millions of people and being an effective opposition that brings down a Prime Minister.It answers questions Owen Jones is yet to even consider.
Blaming Trotskyists for Labour's situation is lost in fantasy. It's one in a long list of justifications for the Labour coup. Every time a justification is discredited, it gets discarded and a new one found. Does anybody remember the days when the coup was just about Corbyn's supposed failure in the EU referendum?
Members of parties that stand against the Labour Party are forbidden from joining the Labour Party or Momentum. In the last 9 months, the Labour bureaucracy has systematically purged the Labour Party of members belonging to accepted socialist groups within the Party or even for being vocal in expressing socialist ideas, despite the party's rules clearly stating that this is no reason for expulsion. It's pretty hard for Trotskyists already within the party to stay, never mind for entryists to join.
It's a wonder if these Labour MPs speak to their rank and file constituency members; perhaps then they would find that Marxists and Trotskyists exist in the Labour Party today as they have done for years, and are not isolated to “old hands” but often the younger generation. They would also find an already radicalised membership horrified by the right-wing bureaucracy's purges and stifling political discussion in CLP meetings. This makes the recent worried comments from Labour MPs speculating that they will be purged themselves and have their political input disregarded seem incredibly out of touch.
On top of this, 100,000s of fed-up people have been forced into politics due to the failures of society around them. If Labour wants to truly target the radical voice in its party, it would have to drown out 100,000s of members' voices, especially the new intake. In fact, this is exactly what they have done.
With every insult thrown at the membership, their political consciousness develops. Ironically, as Lenin points out in the following quote, it's exactly this failure in the right-wing's tactics that allowed the Bolsheviks to gain so much momentum in 1917. Perhaps Tom Watson should spend less time playing Stalin and more time reading Lenin.
“When the Russian Cadets and Kerensky began furiously to hound the Bolsheviks—especially since April 1917, and more particularly in June and July 1917—they overdid things. Millions of copies of bourgeois papers, clamouring in every key against the Bolsheviks, helped the masses to make an appraisal of Bolshevism; apart from the newspapers, all public life was full of discussions about Bolshevism, as a result of the bourgeoisie's “zeal”. Today the millionaires of all countries are behaving on an international scale in a way that deserves our heartiest thanks. They are hounding Bolshevism with the same zeal as Kerensky and Co. did; they, too, are overdoing things and helping us just as Kerensky did…the British bourgeoisie—the most “solid” in the world—makes incredible blunders, founds richly endowed “anti-Bolshevik societies”, creates a special literature on Bolshevism, and recruits an extra number of scientists, agitators and clergymen to combat it, we must salute and thank the capitalists. They are working for us. They are helping us to get the masses interested in the essence and significance of Bolshevism, and they cannot do otherwise, for they have already failed to ignore Bolshevism and stifle it.”
by Ed Maynard, Southampton Marxists
This article originally appeared in Wessex Scene
Amid the excitement of Europe's largest automation fair, Automatica 2014, we've unveiled the latest innovation in small industrial robots--the IRB 1200.
Have you ever wanted to make your machines 15% smaller and 10% faster? ABB's entirely new IRB 1200 family of small robots does exactly that by addressing the demands of the material handling and machine tending industries for flexibility, ease-of-use, compactness and short cycle times while still maintaining large working envelopes.
The IRB 1200 is poised to change the face of small parts assembly for consumer electronics companies whose manufacturing processes are notoriously labor-intensive. Historically, work in these factories has been done by hand in countries where labor costs are extremely low. In recent years, though, salaries have increased across the globe and the younger generation has set its sights on higher education rather than industrial apprenticeships. As a result, labor has been scarce and expensive.
The IRB 1200 brings the benefits of automation and innovative robotic design together where it only marginally existed prior. Our new robot has no offset in axis two resulting in a longer stroke than the competition, which means it can be placed very close to the work piece and still be functional. One particular benefit of this long stroke is that it allows for a much more compact installation when the robot is mounted on the ceiling inside a small cell, such as in electronics machining or polishing applications.
A fresh new design in ABB Robotics' portfolio, the IRB 1200's form features are not simply cosmetic enhancements. The robot's smooth surfaces make it easy to keep clean and maintain in environments such as CNC machine tending and material handling in the food industry. In addition, for the first time, both the electrical and air connections can be made to the robot via side ports or via an optional connection underneath it. These new features save considerable working space for customers. There is also an Ethernet port embedded in the robot so it can be easily integrated with other equipment.
The idea for IRB 1200 came about as a direct result of customer feedback. We conducted exhaustive focus groups and surveys, and, after analyzing the results, we listened! Our customers want a robot that is less bulky and has a longer reach and payload; all in a cost effective package. We also learned that manufacturing and assembly customers want high IP protection together with speed and accuracy.
It was a tall challenge, but in the end, and what we delivered today, is a dynamic family of small robots that cost effectively achieves all our goals.
The IRB 1200 family is available in two variants which can handle a wide range of applications. Each has a large commonality of parts, which adds to its cost effectiveness. The 700 mm reach variant can carry a payload of up to 7 kg, while the longer reach 900 mm variant can carry up to 5 kg of payload. It is worth noting that the 5 kg variant is considered best in class at 5 percent faster than any competitor, making it possible to produce more products in the same amount of time. Both variants can be mounted at any angle and come with IP 40 protection as standard — IP 67 protection is also available as an option. Next year, to complement the range, clean room and food grade variants will be added.
The market introduction the IRB 1200 marks the end of a long journey to deliver a small robot that is rich with features and allows for 15 percent smaller cells which have 10 percent shorter cycle times.
I invite you to visit ABB at Automatica Fair in Munich, Germany this week (June 3-6, 2014) and see the IRB 1200 as it makes its global debut (Booth 320 in Hall B4). The new robot's flexibility and agility will be showcased in two whimsical “chocolate factory” demonstrations which are sure to entertain. And what's better than free chocolate?
If you are unable to get to Munich or just want a sneak peak at the IRB 1200, please visit the new robot's home page. There's also the new product video below.
“Okay, laddies, now let's get in formation” Vevo
Wade through the pulsing intro, the rapped verses, the shimmering chorus and you'll get to the meat of the matter. Boom, boom, clap. We're here at the space where the long-awaited, always lauded Taylor Swift bridge should be. Here we should get the emotional lift, the most quotable lines: “Band-Aids don't fix bullet holes”; “We are never getting back together, like, ever”; “Boys only want love if it's torture.” But instead, on Swift's newest single, “…Ready for It?,” released September 3, there's a warning, a post-chorus shot across the bow. One simple phrase repeated six times: “Let the games begin.”
The game, of course, is the Taylor Swift album rollout, which began three weeks ago with the release of lead single “Look What You Made Me Do” and will extend — in all likelihood — into January of 2019. This is a tried and true playbook for Swift, who has been using it since their second album. A single drops in the late summer, followed by an album announcement. Then there are months and months of hype: partnerships with big businesses, press appearances, a couple more singles. Then, as the leaves begin to fall, a new album arrives that will beat every sales record and make Taylor Swift the winner once again.
In the game of 2017 fame, Taylor Swift is already miles ahead. “…Ready for It?” was the second single Swift dropped in a little more than a week, and they could still release another before the November 3 debut of Reputation. There will probably be a tour announcement closer to that date, and another slew of stories mining the new lyrics for barely disguised slights. On top of all that, their Fifty Shades Darker single, “I Don't Wanna Live Forever,” featuring Zayn Malik, is going to get a full Oscar nomination push, and all three singles will be eligible for the 2018 Grammys. To say we are just beginning this press cycle is an understatement. As I wrote for Buzzfeed recently in a piece about how their album hype cycle is longer than absolutely anyone else's, part of Swift's game is a precise play on the award system so that their album is released late enough in the year to be considered for the next year's awards. That way we'll still be talking about Taylor when Reputation is inevitably up for a slate of Grammys in 2019.
Unlike with the release of 1989 in 2014, though, Swift is no longer perceived as a sweet pop darling. In place of the critical and popular thrill over their new album, there has been a soft collective groan. The world, for many, feels so polarized, so dire, that cute and clever doesn't cut it anymore. 1989 was popularly and critically beloved. The sleekly produced, infinitely catchy album broke every record and cemented Swift as one of the only truly powerful global pop stars. But during the 549 days between 1989's announcement and Swift's acceptance speech for Album of the Year at the 2016 Grammys, something shifted. Critics became skeptical, and formerly ambivalent music fans turned on them First there was their #squad of gazelle-like models — all white, all tall, all thin, and all rich — which made them seem even more like an unaccessible popular-girl mogul. Then a fight with Kanye that many thought revealed them to be manipulative. And then their silence about the 2016 election.
But does it even really matter?
“Look What You Made Me Do” received fairly scathing reviews. The Voice rated it negatively, and so did Vulture, the Ringer, the New York Times, Pitchfork, the Guardian, and Variety. But the song sold anyway. The lyrics video broke a YouTube record. The song broke a Spotify record, being streamed more than 8 million times in the first 24 hours. Two days later the music video broke the VEVO record for most views in 24 hours. “Look What You Made Me Do” is currently the number one song in America on the Billboard Hot 100.
The only thing that could shift the spotlight away from Swift's publicity cycle this fall is another major release. But despite announced albums from Beck, Sam Smith, Miley Cyrus, and U2, Swift is a star of a different magnitude (sorry, Bono). The only artist who could topple Taylor is Beyoncé, but it hasn't even been two years since Lemonade, and the Queen Bey just had twins. For the past four years, the two have waged a two-woman war for the pop throne with entirely different military tactics. Beyoncé operates in a sphere of silence, never giving interviews, never leaking information, dropping full albums completely without warning, keeping even the birth of those twins silent. Meanwhile, Taylor's running a regimented, formulaic strategy that hasn't failed them yet.
There's plenty of evidence to suggest that even if Reputation is a truly bad — or even truly mediocre — album, the audience for it is so large that it won't matter. At this point, Swift is far too famous to fail. Whether or not their album is good or they regain the public favor entirely is irrelevant. The fall games may be just beginning, but Swift has already won.
Chinese Men Play Ice Hockey in Beijing (Photo : Getty Images News)
To boost the development of ice hockey in China, another program, this time dubbed "Chinese Ice Hockey Plan for 2022," was launched by the Winter Sports Management Center of the General Administration of Sport of China.
The program's goal is to set up a development system that could help fill the ice hockey players' pool for the 2022 Winter Olympics, which will be co-hosted by Beijing and Zhangjiakou.
Advertisement
The HC Kunlun Red Stars of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL) will assist three national youth teams in the program through "comprehensive, effective and scientific assistance to cultivate talents." The hockey club will draw up a series of trainings, help monitor the athletes' diet and physical condition and improve various pillars such as competition and scouting.
The ice hockey club also will also apply DNA and food allergen tests. They emphasized the need to meet nutritional needs of Chinese ice hockey players to make up their deficiency in physical confrontations.
A committee of experts was established by the Kunlun Red Stars to offer advice and share the teaching experiences of North America, Russia and Finland. It is composed of eight world class ice hockey professionals such as Phil Esposito, Mike Keenan Jr., Digit Murphy and Aleksander Barkov.
The three national youth teams are the U20 men's team that will participate in MHL, the U18 men's team that will compete in the Northwest Hockey League in North America, and the U18 women's team that will participate in the Junior Women's Hockey League.
Both the Kunlun Red Stars and the Winter Sports Management Center expressed their desire for deeper mutual cooperation for the development of China's national ice hockey team.
Honored to undertake such a historic mission, the Kunlun Red Stars said that they are committed to assisting in the development of Chinese ice hockey and will spare no efforts to make a breakthrough in the 2022 Winter Olympics.
It is acknowledged in China that they are poor in both the basic resources and talents for winter sports. The country is putting in efforts to popularize winter sports through various ways, such as promoting the presence of Chinese athletes in big leagues like the National Hockey League.
andrew groen is the author of Empires of EVE: A History of the Great Wars of EVE Online, available now on Amazon. Empires of EVE is a narrative account of how the real virtual world of EVE Online evolved from the rise of its first governments and political icons in 2003 to its descent into a state of total war in 2009. Andrew has offered us a look back at one of the game's greatest military plays ever, which took place nearly 10 years ago.
On March 30, 2007, 1,300 pilots logged into EVE Online—an online science fiction virtual world—to participate in what was to be the largest battle in the history of the internet.
A mammoth fleet of 1,000 starships—from blazing fast interceptors to hulking siege ships—warped into a star system called F-TE1T in staggered squadrons of 250 at a time, and began preparing their ships for a siege like a medieval army busily building catapults. Their largest ships came to a halt and slowly unfurled their massive weapons batteries, ready to unload on the target of this invasion: A shipyard believed to be constructing a Titan-class warship worth approximately $6,000 USD at the time.
Just a few hundred kilometers away, the shipyard floated in orbit around the only moon of the sixth planet of this star system, a Mars-like world that was barren and brown and riven with deep canyons. Gathered in formation above the shipyard were the other 300 combatants, committed to its defense.
The two sides stared each other down until a thousand bolts of laser light erupted from the attacking fleet in unison, and the battle began. The defense of the shipyard seemed utterly hopeless in the face of such overwhelming odds, but the defending fleet's leader had a plan.
An Avatar Titan-class supercapital. They're big—like, 14 kilometers big.
The war
EVE Online is a unique video game in part because its players don't have to fight. Far from the likes of Halo or Call of Duty, combat is not necessarily the point of EVE. Its players can use their starships to do whatever they wish. Miners can set up shop in an asteroid field to collect resources to sell. Engineers can create ship construction agencies. Economics experts can even set up miniature economies in deep space to facilitate commerce between players. Politicians have even come to power and taken command over massive player groups that sometimes number more than 10,000 real human players.
Charismatic leaders have conquered areas of this virtual world and gone to war with one another. In 2007, a war began in EVE that would eventually drag in every major alliance in a World War 1-style mess of tangled treaties and unthinkably destructive conflict.
At the center of this war was a leader, a player named 'SirMolle' [pron. Sir-Moh-leh]. They commanded the forces of the unparalleled military power known as 'Band of Brothers.' As Band of Brothers gained ever more strength by conquering weaker neighbors, the other leaders of EVE Online began to realize they needed to form together in a single coalition to fight back against the ambitious SirMolle, or else risk being conquered one by one.
Anti-BoB propaganda from that era of EVE Online.
The day before this massive war began, on March 29, 2007, SirMolle addressed the EVE Online community. Their spies had relayed news that enemy factions had banded together and were forming a massive fleet of starships to invade and conquer their empire.
In their address, they explained that a fleet of over one thousand EVE Online players was now on its way to the home of their people, and that they would rally them to meet this threat head-on.
The unprecedented armada of warships was merely the tip of the spear of a massive coalition between two regional superpowers of EVE: the Northern Coalition and the RedSwarm Federation.
As for what Band of Brothers would be bringing to contend with this force, SirMolle had only two words: "Our balls."
For SirMolle this battle was exciting. It was an opportunity to put these people—particularly their long-time rivals in RedSwarm Federation—in their place. “They always had this attitude of ‘we can do whatever we want, we can say whatever we want and no one is going to hold us accountable for anything whatsoever,'" SirMolle said in an interview. "We always prided ourselves on the ethos ‘let's kill assholes.'"
"So that's what we did.”
SirMolle spoke freely of the description of the enemy fleet that their spies had delivered, trying to bolster their pilots' confidence by showing how prepared Band of Brothers' supreme leader was for this engagement. As for what Band of Brothers would be bringing to contend with this force, SirMolle had only two words: "Our balls."
A Drake battlecruiser launching a volley of missiles.
The tyrant
By this time in EVE Online's history, SirMolle was already a legend. With them at the helm of the alliance, Band of Brothers had never lost a war.
The most elite pilots in EVE came from all over to try to become members of this group, and if they were accepted they were asked to give up all their belongings. All of that player's ships, all of their money became the property of SirMolle in exchange for the promise of glory.
"For those who did not play EVE at the time, it is difficult to fully comprehend just how powerful BoB had become,” wrote a player named James 312, a member of RedSwarm Federation who served as a sort of unofficial historian for the coalition. “BoB and its pets [subservient allies] controlled a majority of the galaxy. It had never lost a war. Ever."
In real life, SirMolle is named Pär Molén, at the time a 40-year-old Swede living in Denmark and working as a manager at a heating-and-cooling repair company. In EVE Online, they were the most feared tyrant of that era.
SirMolle was unequivocal: they intended to conquer every inch of this virtual world.
SirMolle's renown was so great they even once appeared in the New York Times in 2008. In their interview with the New York Times, SirMolle was unequivocal: they intended to conquer every inch of this virtual world.
"Our goal is to control all EVE,” SirMolle told a New York Times reporter. “It's totally impossible to claim all EVE physically. But it's possible to control the people. It's possible to control the alliances, be it by economic means or fighting means or political means. That was the goal and that is the goal.”
This was a man of rare political savvy and cunning, and they were also a man of formidable military genius, renowned as one of the greatest in-combat EVE Online Fleet Commanders of all-time. So when SirMolle told the world that they planned to bring their balls to the defense of F-TE1T as the might of 1,000 ships came bearing down upon Band of Brothers, people knew what would come next was the battle of the decade.
Battleships doing what they do best.
The April Fools' Massacre
On March 30, 2007, the massive fleet that SirMolle had spoken of was on its way to the capital system of Band of Brothers, hellbent on destroying the ultra-expensive Titan supercapital believed to be under construction there.
One of the leaders of that enemy coalition—a man going by the name KOTH Fluf—spoke to their pilots on the eve of battle and rallied their troops.
"Within the next 24 hours we will begin moving forces against our most hated enemy. This will be the hardest fight you have ever had. But we will not fail. Band of Brothers as an alliance is the target. The total destruction of them is the only objective. We will not stop until victory is achieved. Good hunting."
Their 1,000 ships seemed destined to crush the 300 Band of Brothers defenders, but SirMolle had a plan. There were two shipyards in F-TE1T, and though RedSwarm Federation spies had figured out the Titan was being built in this star system, they didn't know exactly which shipyard it would be in. One of these two was empty, and one building the Titan.
It was a huge risk that left the true shipyard with its $6,000 Titan inside completely undefended.
SirMolle took a chance. They ordered that the entire fleet's defenses should set up around the vacant shipyard. Believing their enemies didn't know which shipyard contained the under-construction Titan, they gambled that their enemies would logically attack into their defense. It was a huge risk that left the true shipyard—with its $6,000 Titan inside—completely undefended.
“Band of Brothers parked every ship they had next to the shipyard, all in one big group,” said Mark ‘Seleene' Heard, the leader of a close ally of Band of Brothers who was present at the battle, in an interview. “They were already immobile and ready to receive the siege when the enemy jump bridge lit up.”
The hour of battle came, and the entire 1,000-ship fleet warped into F-TE1T. The enemy fleet saw that Band of Brothers had massed in a defensive position, and they took the bait. They attacked directly into the fortified position around the empty shipyard.
A Drake fleet.
RedSwarm and Northern Coalition siege weapons began unloading volleys of laser blasts and munitions upon the shields of the shipyard. Band of Brothers engineers diverted power to the shipyard's shields and repaired its armor, but it was being torn apart by the unprecedented amount of firepower directed at it. Of course, Band of Brothers didn't really care about the empty shipyard, but they needed to put up a credible defense or risk giving away SirMolle's ruse.
Band of Brothers slowly chipped away at the enemy's ship count and over time hundreds of enemies were destroyed. Powerful stationary defensive weapon emplacements on the shipyard pounded the support and logistics vessels their enemies had brought to protect their larger siege ships. The space around the empty shipyard was a thick debris field replete with destroyed hulls of hundreds of RedSwarm and Northern Coalition ships.
As the empty shipyard exploded, the invaders cheered and retreated, leaving behind 40 valuable siege dreadnoughts.
“The enemy siege ships were mostly focused on shooting the shipyard and not back at the ships murdering them,” said Heard. “A couple dozen Band of Brothers carriers were repairing the tower to slow them down. It was a massacre.”
After hours of battle, the shipyard inched closer to destruction (as was inevitable) and Band of Brothers sprang their trap. Their electronic warfare ships scrambled and drained power from their enemy's largest, most valuable ships to make sure they would never be able to retreat from this attack. As the empty shipyard exploded, the invaders cheered and retreated, leaving behind 40 valuable siege dreadnoughts that couldn't retreat along with the hundreds of ruined ships that now floated derelict through the star system.
Believing they'd destroyed the ultra-expensive Titan ship, the invaders thought that the heavy cost they paid to destroy the shipyard was a necessary and worthwhile price.
The big reveal
The next morning, on April 1, 2007, SirMolle lied. They declared to the EVE Online community that the enemy forces had achieved victory and destroyed Band of Brothers' unfinished Titan in the attack. Many were so jubilant that the tyrant SirMolle had been humbled that they didn't notice the date: April Fools' Day.
SirMolle bided their time, chuckling to themselves regularly throughout the day as they watched their adversaries cheer, before finally revealing the joke. Their enemies gained next to nothing in the attack, and lost hundreds of ships including an entire fleet of expensive siege ships in the process.
The consequences of this ruse can't be overstated. The invasion by the combined RedSwarm Federation and Northern Coalition fleet was a proof-of-concept mission for an extended war against Band of Brothers. They wanted to show the rest of EVE Online that this feared juggernaut was mortal. Instead, they were humbled and embarrassed, and SirMolle came away looking every bit the undefeatable colossus everyone feared they are.
Not even SirMolle truly understood how massive this war was about to become.
However, the war against the allied forces of the RedSwarm Federation and Northern Coalition had only just begun. After defending the massive assault on F-TE1T, SirMolle's enemies were scared, and they were preparing to counterattack on a massive scale. Every ally who owed them a favor, every banner man who wanted to prove their loyalty was called up. SirMolle was organizing a powerful coalition to get revenge. Band of Brothers was now at the head of a coalition of alliances numbering more than 10,000 real human starship pilots.
But not even SirMolle truly understood how massive this war was about to become. The battle of F-TE1T was ultimately just the opening shot in a conflict that would last over two years, between more than 50,000 people, and became perhaps the most intense and fascinating conflict ever waged over the internet.
In the end, Band of Brothers would eventually lose this war, but not before pushing their enemies to the brink of destruction. The end result of the war would change the balance of power in EVE Online forever, and created the modern era of EVE Online as we know it.
Dan Crawford | January 11, 2014 8:27 am
by Robert Waldmann
Poverty and the Laboratories of Democracy
Kevin Drum reports on the latest effort by a Republican to pretend they give a damn about the poor. Marco Rubio proposes, among other things, the bold new idea of block grants. Drum condemns the proposal, but writes that there have been some advantages from Fedralism.
I throw a cow.
They wrote “state experimentation, a la welfare reform in the early 90s, could be pretty valuable.” “if each of the various state policies were rigorously studied.” I comment. Yes indeed. Unfortunately, the two clauses together suggests you imagine that state experiments in welfare reform were rigorously studied back in the 90s. Before going on, let me note my debt to your post “so the costs of welfare reform weren't so low after all” or something, which is one of the main influences on my thoughts most weeks (really). So what have we learned from a state level welfare reform experiment ?
Well we now know that welfare reform kills people http://angrybearblog.com/2013/06/welfare-reform-kills.html “research of Peter Muennig, Zohn Rosen and Elizabeth Ty Wilde From 1994 to 1999, Florida randomly selected a group of welfare recipients into either the Family Transition Program (FTP), … or the then-standard Aid for Families with Dependent Children welfare program (AFDC “participants in the experimental group had a 16 percent higher mortality rate than members of the control group (hazard ratio: 1.16; 95% confidence interval: 1.14, 1.19; p < 0.01).
This amounts to nine months of life expectancy lost between the ages of thirty and seventy for people in FTP.” Odd that this statistically significant result from an actual experiment has had no influence on the debate at all. There is little point having laboratories of democracy if people ignore the experimental results and just go with their prejudices as we do. Now one problem with using state level experiments is that the devil is in the details and the devil wrote all the details of the national Welfare Reform bill. The original idea from say Clinton (or implemented in Florida under Lawton Chiles) was to offer much more help to people on welfare trying to get off it and also to impose a deadline. The national bill imposed a deadline, made the budget a rigid block grant and left the rest up to the states. The rigidity was key — to be able to say that the Federal welfare entitlement was eliminated, the budget was made a function of time. This is why TANF enrollment didn't increase during the recession when, for any sane program design, it would have increased. It also meant that in the late 90s boom welfare budgets were flush. That meant that there happened to be more money for welfare to work assistance.
This added to the insane delusion that good outcomes for the poor in the late 90s showed the reform worked (the childless poor did well too, as did the middle class and the rich). Now the reform causes less money for welfare to work assistance, because states can barely keep the poor from starving given the rigid Federal contribution. In contrast, the Florida bill included massive (and not accidental) increases in help with training, child care, transportation and health insurance. I read and was convinced by, an article about how wonderful it was (in even the liberal New Republic). This makes the demonstrated fact that it killed people much more striking. We know that Floridas welfare reform killed people. We can be quite sure that national welfare reform did too. But the mere fact that a reform killed Americans is not worthy of any notice (not even here my number one source for info on what went wrong with welfare reform).
A week after Donald Trump won the presidency, many students on the University of Delaware campus were still devastated. Professors at the blue-state public school where Vice President Joe Biden is an alumnus canceled classes, helped organize marches, and held discussions so that students could process their feelings and fears.
But the UD students who voted for Trump were thrilled. It's not just that their candidate won, but that the Democrats' reliance on “identity politics” failed. Hillary Clinton's campaign bet on the votes of women, minorities, the LGBT community, and other groups whose political positions are often shaped by the way they identify. But the Clinton campaign didn't just fail to get out the vote — it also alienated white people who don't like being told they're bigots.
Trump didn't win the election thanks to college graduates. The majority of them Trump didn't win the election thanks to college graduates. The majority of them backed Clinton — except for white college-educated voters, who went for Trump by a narrow four-point margin. Nevertheless, Trump voters on campuses across the country view themselves as underground rebels fighting a corrosive epidemic of political correctness. Just don't expect them to wear their “Make America Great Again” caps to the dining hall.
“It's the new counterculture,” said Jared, an undergraduate who wore a suit and tie to a recent meeting of the UD College Republicans. “It's the equivalent of being a hippie protesting at Kent State,” they said, apparently referring to the 1970 Vietnam War protest that ended with National Guard troops shooting four unarmed students to death.
“Or being grunge in the '90s,” another student chimed in.
In the 1960s, the University of California, Berkeley, was known for free-speech protests, said Andrew Lipman, a UD senior and the chairperson of the Delaware Federation of College Republicans. Now, in Lipman's view, the university is known for “silencing conservative speech, because it's considered hateful.”
Trump's win is a boon for every college student frustrated by progressive campus activists' concepts that have gone mainstream, such as “trigger warnings,” “safe spaces” and “microaggressions.” Lipman wasn't a big Trump supporter, but he's concerned by reports from UD students who say they don't feel comfortable voicing pro-Trump sentiments in class, in their dorms, and around campus. He's such an advocate for free speech that they helped bring Breitbart News writer and alt-right celebrity Milo Yiannopoulos's “Dangerous Faggot” college tour Trump's win is a boon for every college student frustrated by progressive campus activists' concepts that have gone mainstream, such as “trigger warnings,” “safe spaces” and “microaggressions.” Lipman wasn't a big Trump supporter, but he's concerned by reports from UD students who say they don't feel comfortable voicing pro-Trump sentiments in class, in their dorms, and around campus. He's such an advocate for free speech that they helped bring Breitbart News writer and alt-right celebrity Milo Yiannopoulos's “Dangerous Faggot” college tour to UD two weeks before the election.
Yiannopoulos spoke about their belief that transgender people are mentally ill. (The American Psychiatric Association voted to remove “gender identity disorder” from its manual in 2012.) The day they spoke, Yiannopoulos spoke about their belief that transgender people are mentally ill. (The American Psychiatric Association voted to remove “gender identity disorder” from its manual in 2012.) The day they spoke, posters of Michelle Obama's and Caitlyn Jenner's faces with the words “trannies are gay” appeared on UD's campus, shocking students who were already horrified the school was allowing the event to take place, since other colleges had prevented Yiannopoulous from speaking. Yiannopoulos's UD talk sold out.
The UD College Republicans released a statement distancing themselves from the posters. Still, Lipman said, college students want and need to be exposed to taboo issues, as well as conservatism, even when they offend (or scare) their peers.
“If they could talk about it with their friends they might not feel a need to come here [to the College Republicans] and talk about it, but they don't have that outlet,” Lipman said. “They feel like they're being silenced.”
Trump-supporting students told BuzzFeed News they related to the New York Times Trump-supporting students told BuzzFeed News they related to the “silent majority” of older voters who resented being called “deplorable” by Hillary Clinton. In a op-ed titled “My Liberal University Cemented My Vote for Trump,” a student at Wesleyan University, the ultra left–leaning college in Middletown, Connecticut, wrote that they had investigated the alt-right and found “a diverse, intellectual and multifaceted community that prides itself on its all-encompassing embrace of free speech.” They're not “fueled by racial resentment,” they explained; they just want a “technocracy.”
Yet, many furtive Trump supporters on college campuses refused to give their full names to BuzzFeed News because they feared being called racist.
  “At NYU, everyone feels like we need to be inclusive, but when you enforce that, you're creating a different sort of minority group.” ID: 10021848
Daniel, a New York University senior who didn't want to give their last name “given the current climate,” said it was “aggravating” when their professors cracked jokes about the state of the country the day after the election.
“There is the assumption that nobody is going to get hurt because no one could have possibly voted for Trump in New York City, but that assumption is clearly incorrect,” they said. (He acknowledged that there were few Trump supporters on campus, and said they had looked forward to meeting more at Yiannopoulos's planned speech there — that is, before NYU “There is the assumption that nobody is going to get hurt because no one could have possibly voted for Trump in New York City, but that assumption is clearly incorrect,” they said. (He acknowledged that there were few Trump supporters on campus, and said they had looked forward to meeting more at Yiannopoulos's planned speech there — that is, before NYU canceled it).
“At NYU, everyone feels like we need to be inclusive, but when you enforce that, you're creating a different sort of minority group,” they said. If you try to question the concept of “safe spaces,” for example, “you'll immediately be slammed as a hypocrite or an oppressor,” Daniel said, adding that being a white man “doesn't help” matters.
“It's like, yeah we'll have open discussions as long as it's absolutely aligned with what we already believe in,” they said.
One student at Duke University in Durham, North Carolina, said they solidified their aversion to PC culture in high school. In one class, they were chastised for writing an essay calling undocumented immigrants “illegal.” Another time, they said, they were barred from going to an Asian-American student alliance meeting because they were white. “People were so into political correctness that people's voices were censored and nothing was heard,” they said.
At Duke, they knew their classmates and professors were liberal, so they didn't tell anyone they supported Trump. After the election, they tentatively started posting about Trump on Facebook. But they grew nervous again when a professor told the class to write down thoughts they had about the election: “She said, ‘Say whatever you want to say, but you better be willing to have the consequences of what you say if you want to say it.‘“
They took that as a warning that their grades would suffer and they would be shunned if they publicly admitted their support for Trump.
This student canceled a second interview with a reporter because they were afraid for their physical safety after reading about anti-Trump protests coming to campus. “The hate on Duke's campus is getting worse,” they wrote in an email.
Another Duke student, Brittany, said their seminar class conducted an anonymous poll in which they were the only one who voted for Trump. The day after the election, Duke students were offered endless support and “healing services,” which made them feel further that they could not express their excitement in public.
“The silent majority was very real,” they said. “People were embarrassed and scared to say they were voting for Trump because of fear of being labeled and even harassment.”
  “Professors canceling tests and classes because Trump won is why Trump won.” ID: 10021851
At the University of Delaware, Jared said there is a contingent of young people who support Trump because “they feel threatened by the fact that you cannot depart from this dogma that the majority on the campus holds without being told you are racist, being told you are sexist, having people report you for having an opinion because it, you know, threatens somebody's identity.” Jared said they had friends who worked as resident advisers in the dorms who had to comfort people crying about the results of the election, which they thought was “absurd.”
Over lemon-drop martinis at a bar near campus, 21-year-old Ryan Dubicki rolled their eyes at distressed students on their campus and at other schools.
“I know at Harvard they had safety pins on and they had, like, dog therapy,” they said. “I don't want to be mean to them, but they're being crybabies right now. This is an election, guys.” If they really care that much about politics, they should get involved at the state and local level, they said, not cry to their professors.
“Professors canceling tests and classes because Trump won is why Trump won,” Dubicki said. “People were sick and tired of political correctness and identity politics, and Trump totally ran against that.”
Perhaps Dubicki embodies the new college Trump supporter: He's gay, for one. They consider themselves socially liberal, but fiscally conservative. They would have voted for Obama, if they had been old enough. And they were irritated when friends told them they should vote for Clinton instead of for someone whose victory
Perhaps Dubicki embodies the new college Trump supporter: He's gay, for one. They consider themselves socially liberal, but fiscally conservative. They would have voted for Obama, if they had been old enough. And they were irritated when friends told them they should vote for Clinton instead of for someone whose victory has alarmed LGBT groups. “I was like, Hillary Clinton doesn't speak for me — I don't want someone who belongs in prison,” Dubicki said. Then they showed a photo, saved on their phone, of Trump unfurling a LGBT sign.
Like 75% of students on UD's campus, Dubicki is white, and admitted their group of friends is not very diverse. But, in their opinion, “Hillary Clinton ran a campaign on minorities against whites,” they said. “Even look at their rallies: They were all minorities. There were no white people there.”
View this image › Student Trump supporters wear letters spelling their name before their speech at Liberty University in Lynchburg, Virginia. Joshua Roberts / Reuters ID: 10022672
Still, they said, they had friends who supported Clinton, and they got along because they didn't talk about politics too much. (When Dubicki isn't in school, working, or volunteering for Republican causes, they enjoy watching Friends reruns — Season 5 is their favorite). They made fun of an email UD President Dennis Assanis sent students a week after the election, acknowledging that there “had been unacceptable events where members of our community have acted in ways that are divisive, demeaning and even hateful” and promising UD would “ensure that free speech and diversity will coexist and even flourish in our society.”
Dubicki thought it was embarrassing.
“Only at my school would I get an email reminding me to respect others' opinions and beliefs, which I was already raised to do,” they wrote on Facebook afterward. “This is why I hate my generation and being a millennial.”
At a coffee shop near campus, Jaelyn Brown, the president of UD's College Democrats, had a different reaction to the email: They thought it was too little, too late.
Why didn't Assanis denounce the Why didn't Assanis denounce the hate crimes reported around the country in the wake of Trump's victory? Why did they wait a week to try and comfort UD students like them who are devastated and afraid? They don't know any Trump supporters, because their friends are politically engaged feminists, they said. Now, they can't stop wondering who around them on campus voted for him.
“The most frustrating thing about this is that for people of color, trans people, women… their lives are actually in jeopardy,” said Brown, who is black. “Your life as a white guy is not in jeopardy if Hillary Clinton is president.”
Next May, Brown will graduate. Once, they thought about going into politics — they campaigned for Clinton last winter break — but now, she's not so sure.
“A lot of the rhetoric you hear from Trump supporters is ‘I'm not personally racist,' and it's like, ‘You actively supported a racist,'” they said. “You chose to ignore it, which is incredibly privileged. It's scary as a woman. It's scary as a woman of color. It's going to be a difficult couple of years.”
Although Trump has vowed to end political correctness nationwide, he's also co-opted the same progressive concepts he's mocked. On Saturday, they Hamilton . Although Trump has vowed to end political correctness nationwide, he's also co-opted the same progressive concepts he's mocked. On Saturday, they tweeted that a theater “must always be a safe and special place” following Mike Pence's “rude” treatment at the Broadway musical
Trump also successfully ran on their own identity-politics platform, Brown said, by appealing to Trump also successfully ran on their own identity-politics platform, Brown said, by appealing to large swaths of resentful white voters sick of feeling ignored.
“This was the last-ditch effort of the white male to stay in power,” they said.
ATLANTA, GA – 27-year-old Rabiya Khan was awoken by loud, consistent yelling on Saturday morning at their parent's home in suburban Atlanta.
Visiting their parents for Memorial Day weekend, loud yelling in the early hours of the weekend isn't uncommon. They explain, “They're calling my relatives in Pakistan. With the time difference, it makes sense to call them at 8 or 9 AM.”
Upon venturing downstairs, Fuss Class News found Ms. Khan's mother, Shahnaz Khan, loudly screaming into the mouthpiece of their cordless phone.
“YES. YES EVERYONE IS GREAT. YES CAN YOU HEAR ME? YES. RABIYA JUST STARTED Them NEW JOB AT – WHAT? HELLO? CAN YOU HEAR ME?”
“The yelling is a mystery,” says Ms. Khan, a software engineer, “My parents are assuming the same call quality they had in 1995. I've tried explaining it to them but these are the same people who insist their Android phones from 5 years ago are also just fine.”
Upon asking Ms. Khan's relatives in Pakistan, they felt quite differently, “We think poor Shahnaz has a hearing problem and just can't hear us. Either that or we just assumed Americans love yelling.”
[Read: Daughter With Hair On Arms Gets Engaged To Great Guy; Family Confused]
Written by Rani Shah
June 12th, 2017
My 10-year old daughter just got their mom back. If you need their testimony of what life was like before kratom and after, I'm sure they would be happy to share with you. Kratom doesn't get you high. It's self-regulating. If you take too much (which I haven't, but I hear it can happen), you just get nauseous.
I've had days where I took 80-100 mg of hydrocodone on top of my fentanyl patch and was still in bed crying. I wanted to take 100 mg more just to stop hurting. But THAT would've killed me.
They've urged me to go on oxycodone and other more powerful drugs, but I get deathly ill when I take them. This is my choice. This plant that has no abuse potential, NONE, has in 5 days changed my life.
I will always be dependent on something to ease my pain. I choose kratom to be dependent on so that I can live my days without pain, and without the fog and stress of consistently wondering when my next meds can be taken. I would give my daughter this herb over the toxic pills for children once there's more research. There are no negative effects, but there are thousands of positive ones.
DEA, your war on drugs is with the meth labs and heroin that riddle our streets. Maybe if so much manpower wasn't being spent on this peaceful, harmless plant, a 10-year old girl in New Mexico would still be alive. Meth killed them and their mother. And you're going to put kratom in the same category?
It is our right to have a voice in this country, and you are trying to take ours away. Listen to the stories. We aren't trying to get high. We're trying to live our lives.
Though Americans are divided on may issue, there are still a few things that we pretty much agree on. We respect The United States Constitution, and the freedoms that it guarantees. We value our right to petition local, state and federal government through ballot-initiatives that we can vote into law through our representative democracy. These are non-partisan issues. Though there are opposing opinions on how to address issues like public health, the environment and workers rights, these things are also dear to every American. A chorus of voices and organizations from all sides of the political spectrum have expressed grave concerns and opposition to the controversial Trans-Pacific Partnership. The agreement known as TPP has been negotiated in secret behind closed doors and crafted by lobbyists, bankers and corporate leaders.
Luckily our Constitution grants authority for international commerce to Congress. Unfortunately there is an effort to pass TPP without any Congressional oversight using a process known as Fast Track Legislation. The Constitution states:
[The Congress shall have Power] To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States... -United States Constitution, Article I, Section 8, Clause 3
Those arguing to pass the TPP while bypassing Congress say that it is "inconvenient" for international negotiations to involve Congress. Any U.S. Official who openly is minimizing the process laid out in our Constitution deserves scrutiny.
Labor organizers like AFL-CIO have launched a campaign exposing the TPP for its dangers to American Workers:
Corporations are trying to manipulate the Trans-Pacific Partnership--a free trade agreement being negotiated right now that would be bigger than NAFTA--to increase their power over the global economy, so they have a say in everything from your rights at work to the prices of your prescriptions and the safety of your child's toys.
Environmental groups like The Sierra Club have also come out strongly against this dangerous international agreement with a large list of grievances:
The TPP will include provisions that give corporations the right to sue a government for unlimited cash compensation -- in private and non-transparent tribunals -- over nearly any law or policy that a corporation alleges will reduce its profits. Using similar rules in other free trade agreements, corporations such as Exxon Mobil and Dow Chemical have launched nearly 600 cases against nearly 100 governments. Dozens of cases attack common-sense environmental laws and regulations, such as regulations to protect communities and the environment from harmful chemicals or mining practices.
Health advocates like Organic Consumers Association accuse TPP of "crushing local democracy":
These agreements, full of anti-consumer and anti-worker provisions, also grant multinational corporations the sovereign right to nullify local, state and national food labeling, food safety, Fair Trade, Buy Local, labor rights, indigenous, and environmental protection laws.
Curtis Ellis recently showed numerous polls backing the sentiment that, Conservatives Oppose Fast Track, TPP: Poll, stating:
Two-thirds (68%) of Republicans say they are less likely to vote for a Member of Congress who votes to give President Obama fast-track authority. Among the conservative Republicans who dominate many primary electorates, this figure is an extraordinary 74%.
Obviously liberals also oppose TPP as famed writer and intellectual, Noam Chomsky expressed during an interview on HuffPost Live:
It's designed to carry forward the neoliberal project to maximize profit and domination, and to set the working people in the world in competition with one another so as to lower wages...
Senator Bernie Sanders has formally requested to see the text in the TPP in a recent letter to U.S. Trade Representative, Michael Froman:
It is incomprehensible to me that the leaders of major corporate interests who stand to gain enormous financial benefits from this agreement are actively involved in the writing of the TPP while, at the same time, the elected officials of this country, representing the American people, have little or no knowledge as to what is in it.
In the age of information ignorance is a choice and many people are organizing via social media to make their voices heard. There is a Facebook Page with great resources for people who are getting involved in the democratic process by contacting their representatives in Congress. It has a suggested script for those wanting to call or write their reps:
Hi, this is (your full name). I am a constituent of Rep/Senator (name). I live in (name of city). I am calling to request that Rep/Sen (name) vote NO on Fast Track Authority. It is important to me that Congress follows the Constitutional directive to negotiate international trade and that all trade agreements are given full consideration, debate and amendments as needed.
Do you know Rep/Sen (name) position on Fast Track Authority? Will he/she vote Yes or No? (wait for an answer)
Do you know Rep/Sen (name) position on the Trans Pacific Partnership Agreement? Will he/she vote Yes or No? (wait for an answer)
(regardless of their response, just continue)
Once again, I am requesting that Rep/Sen (name) vote NO on Fast Track Authority and NO on the TPP! Please be sure he/she gets my message. Thank you!
I called (202) 224-3121 and was delighted that it only took a few minutes of my day to exercise my civic duty to let my representative know that I oppose TPP and Fast Track Legislation. I was surprised that my conservative Republican representative in Arizona, Paul Gosar, was not prepared to give a clear answer on where they stand on the issue. This was a strong indicator for me that calling and keeping pressure on our politicians right now is of utmost importance.
Andy Daly has joined the growing ensemble of ABC's family comedy pilot “Chunk & Bean,” Variety has learned.
The comedian will co-star alongside the previously announced Anna Gunn (“Breaking Bad”) and Adam Rodriguez (“Empire”).
“Chunk & Bean” centers on the unlikely friendship of two misfits, Chunk and Bean, who benefit from having two very different sets of parents living next door to each other. Daly will play Stuart Dawson, Chunk's father and Anna Gunn's on-screen husband.
Ed Herro and Brian Donovan created “Chunk & Bean,” which is based on their childhood. The duo will exec produce the single-cam comedy, along with Dave Hemingson.
Daly's casting in the network pilot comes the day after they agreed to a shortened limited third season of their Comedy Central series “Review,” which will be the final season of the mockumentary laffer. Daly's other recent TV credits include “Grandfathered,” “Black-ish,” “Silicon Valley,” “The League,” “Modern Family” and “Comedy Bang! Bang!” Should “Chunk & Bean” go to series, the project would mark Daly's first leading role on broadcast TV.
Daly is repped by UTA and Principato Young.
VIDEO=> Shock Report: Blacks Commit 11 Times More Homicides than Whites in America
The War on Cops takes a closer look at the Ferguson Effect and the impact on our communities.
Investigate reporter Heather MacDonald, an expert on crime and policing, joined Martha MacCallum on America's Newsroom to discuss their latest research on the “Ferguson Effect” and black crime in America today.
Following robber Michael Brown's shooting death in Ferguson, Missouri in 2014, the homicide rate rose 17% in 56 US cities. The surge was heavily concentrated in cities with large African American populations.
Heather MacDonald shared these stunning statistics this morning:
We are in the midst of the largest crime spike, that's practically unprecedented in one year. 17% is beyond thinking. If it had gone down 17% everybody would be high-fiving each other and the reason this is happening is nobody wants to look at the reality of inner city crime. Blacks commit homicides at 8 times the rate of whites and hispanics combined. If you take out hispanics, blacks commit homicide at 11 to 12 times the rate of whites. And that results in a black death rate that is six times that of whites and hispanics combined of homicides. Nobody wants to talk about the 6,000 blacks that are killed every year by other blacks.
Of course, MacDonald will be called a racist for going public with their findings.
A new local news investigative report found that more than half of the Portland demonstrators arrested during anti-Donald Trump protests did not actually participate in the voting process.
As protests against the President-Elect continue across the country, more than 100 people have been taken into custody by the Portland Police Bureau.
NBC affiliate KGW reviewed county voter logs and registration rolls, and found that 34 of the arrested protesters didn't vote, and 35 more weren't registered to vote in Oregon. They did find there were 25 people arrested who did vote and another 17 with records that haven't been determined.
Most of the nationwide protests have remained peaceful, though pro-Trump figures have suggested that violent incidents were instigated by “professional” protesters. Trump, himself, entertained that notion recently before walking things back somewhat and complimenting the demonstrators for their passion.
Watch a local report on the protests above, via KGW.
[Image via screengrab]
— —
>> Follow Ken Meyer (@KenMeyer91) on Twitter
Have a tip we should know? tips@mediaite.com
Professor Jane Kelsey says New Zealand's health system is being "held ransom".
The New Zealand health system could be "crippled" by the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade deal, analysts say documents posted online by whistleblower group Wikileaks show.
Wikileaks on Thursday published on its website what is said to be the leaked healthcare annex to the draft "transparency" chapter of the deal, along with each country's position.
The document seeks to regulate state schemes for medicines and medical devices, forcing healthcare authorities to give big pharmaceutical companies more information about national decisions on public access to medicine.
The healthcare annex would also grant corporations greater powers to challenge decisions perceived as harmful to their interests.
Wikileaks analysts said the leaked annex "appears to be designed to cripple New Zealand's strong public healthcare programme and to inhibit the adoption of similar programmes in developing countries".
Pharmac is New Zealand's Crown agency which works with District Health Boards to decide which medical products are subsidised for the public.
Auckland University Professor Jane Kelsey, a long-time critic of the TPP, said Pharmac was the "most exposed" of any programme in a negotiating country.
Trade Minister Tim Groser had repeatedly assured New Zealanders that Pharmac was not up for negotiation in the TPP, Kelsey said.
In 2011, Groser returned from the APEC annual summit where the TPP had been discussed, and said New Zealand had laid down a position which said the public health system was not up for negotiation or part of any trade negotiation.
Pharmac was "an incredibly valuable institution that provides high quality medicines to New Zealanders at very very highly subsidised reasonable prices."
The fundamentals of that model were not up for negotiation, Groser said in 2011.
Prime Minister John Key on Thursday cautioned against taking the leak seriously as they said it reflected one person's view and wasn't necessarily something the Government would sign up to.
"We won't sign anything that undercuts Pharmac in a way that would have a dramatic impact," Key said.
New Zealanders paid $5 for prescriptions which had a Pharmac subsidy and this would continue to be the case irrespective of the nature of the TPP.
"Whatever happens as a result of the TPP New Zealanders are going to carry on paying $5 for their prescriptions."
Key said whether New Zealand signed the deal would depend on if the benefits outweighed the costs, and gaining access to the US and Japanese markets was worth a lot to exporters.
Kelsey said the real motivation behind the documents was for changes in Pharmac to reduce its effectivess as a precedent for other countries.
"Pharmac's regime for identifying which medicines and medical devices are subsidised and for how much has proved highly successful in making medicines affordable in New Zealand, saving District Health Boards more than $5 billion over the past decade, according to Pharmac's own calculations."
The United State pharmaceutical industry had its sights on Pharmac, Kelsey said.
"New Zealanders' health and our taxpayer dollars are being held ransom in a much bigger game."
The annex set out a series of principles and procedures by which agencies like Pharmac must operate.
They were designed to give the pharmaceutical industry more influence over its decisions and break down the procedures and budgetary cap that made Pharmac so effective.
There were numerous ways the United States and big pharmaceutical companies could force New Zealand to make changes that would seriously undermine Pharmac's effectiveness and workability, Kelsey said.
That included restricting cheaper generic medicines, and refusing to bring the TPP into force until Pharmac's regulations met the requirements of the leaked annex.
PHARMAC 'SEEN AS A THREAT'
Green Party co-leader James Shaw said the latest Wikileaks documents proved the TPP was a threat to Pharmac, and New Zealanders access to affordable medicine.
The procedures in the leaked documents were designed to let the pharmaceutical industry challenge Pharmac's decision-making process, rendering Pharmac less effective at saving money, Shaw said.
"Pharmac is seen by United States-based pharmaceutical companies as a threat."
"The way Pharmac operates with its buying power assists New Zealanders get affordable access to medicines.
"The Government should not sign a trade deal that pushes up the price of medicine for New Zealanders in order to give new rights to US pharmaceutical companies."
Labour's acting health spokesperson David Clark said New Zealanders would pay more for health if changes proposed in the Wikileaks documents came into effect.
"The health sector is already underfunded. Pharmac is a bright light in the sector, saving New Zealanders millions by negotiating cheaper medicines.
"The review processes revealed in the documents are akin to requiring Pharmac to provide secretarial services to international drug companies who want to mount legal disputes against it."
The Prime Minister needed to reassure New Zealanders, Clark said.
"We are a trading nation, so we need strong trade agreements that protect our sovereign interests."
MEMBER'S BILL
NZ First trade spokesperson Fletcher Tabuteau feared Pharmac's buying power and cost savings would be in jeopardy under the TPP.
"Leaked information shows the drug giants will gain exclusive rights to look at Pharmac decision making, and even sit in on meetings.
"The latest leak says Pharmac decisions could trigger lawsuits against the Government by the big drug companies."
They called on the Government to reassure New Zealanders that Pharmac would not be "clobbered" by the big drug manufacturers.
Tabuteau's Bill, Fighting Foreign Corporate Control, which has been drawn from the ballot, would prohibit the Government entering international agreements that allowed corporations to sue New Zealand.
The TPP is being negotiated in secret between the United States, New Zealand, Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Peru, Malaysia, Mexico, Singapore and Vietnam.
- Comments are closed.
According to a recent Gallup study, the average American adult employed full-time reported working an average of 47 hours a week. While I attended college and before I had children, I worked 60 or more hours a week for months on end. The United States is sort of an outlier when it comes to finding a work/life balance. Even though I no longer log the insane amount of hours, I still struggle with finding time to relax and separating work from home life. This battle seemed futile until I stumbled upon the writings and witness of a Spanish priest—St. Josemaria Escriva! I am not entirely sure how I came across this gem of a saint, but their writing provides such practical wisdom that I am going to request for some of their books as gifts this Christmas [my local library did not have any of their works L] Today, I want to share three practical tips I learned from Fr. Escriva's The Way that saved me from being a workaholic.
Perspective is Key: Josemaria mentions the need to broaden our perspective in the first chapter. “Get rid of that ‘small-town' outlook. Enlarge your heart till it becomes universal, ‘catholic',” they say. Lately, I struggled with having a narrow gaze when it comes to my job. I see things from my perspective alone. I resist the Holy Spirit's promptings in daily events whereby I am given chances to widen my limited purview. For example, my manager challenges me to think beyond my cubicle walls. I need to daily heed the Spanish saint's wisdom.
Pardon my Excuses?!: Along with possessing a narrow outlook I tend to fight constant urges to make up excuses for my failings. “The computer system was slow”; “No one told me the new update”; “Things are too busy”: these are just some of the various excuses I tell myself throughout the week. According to Father Escriva, “Say what you have just said, but in a different tone, without anger, and your argument will gain in strength and, above all, you won't offend God.”
Perhaps such excuses may be admissible, but I need to be cognizant of my tone and frequency of complaints. “Let those very obstacles give you strength. God's grace will not fail you,” St. Josemaria states. Stumbling blocks need not be hindrances. Maybe the apparent blocks in my path are actually building blocks for my character. Relying on Jesus as my cornerstone, I will be able to pick up the stumbling blocks [i.e. excuses] and use them to build up the kingdom of God!
Work with Character and Substance: A third major theme within the initial chapter of The Way focuses on developing your character through work. St. Josemaria deliberately states, “Don't say: ‘That's the way I'm made… it's my character'. It's your lack of character: Be a man [or woman].” In other words, do not allow your past and your genetics define your being.
I am guilty as anyone when it comes to blaming my woes and defects on my chemistry make-up. I tell my wife whenever I say something stupid or fail to listen to them needs, “This is who I am at my core! I struggle with focusing because of my ADHD diagnosis” Father Escriva's states in the next line, “Get used to saying No. Turn your back on the tempter when they whisper in your ear: ‘Why make life difficult for yourself?'” Character is built on resisting the Tempter. I need to work on refusing to fall into the sins of gluttony and sloth [daily I fight the urge to eat fast food and lack motivation to play with my children after work].
Canonized on October 6, 2002, St. Josemaria Escriva is a perfect role model for people living in the 21st century. The bustle of life is only going to increase, especially in an age of instant communication via social media and the internet! The Spanish saint provides a humble witness as to how to incorporate God into my work through real, tangible, and practical means.
O God, through the mediation of Mar y our
Mother, you granted your priest St. Josemaría countless
graces, choosing them as a most faithful instrument
to found Opus Dei, a way of sanctification in
daily work and in the fulfillment of the Christian's
ordinary duties. Grant that I too may learn to turn all
the circumstances and events of my life into occasions
of loving You and serving the Church, the Pope
and all souls with joy and simplicity, lighting up the
pathways of this earth with faith and love.
Deign to grant me, through the intercession of St.
Josemaría, the favor of … (make your request). Amen.
Yesterday, Tennessee representative Scott DesJarlais — quite possibly the worst person in Congress — endorsed Donald Trump. Watch the birds of a feather flock together:
DesJarlais said in a statement that they cast their vote early for Trump ahead of Tuesday's primary in Tennessee. “While there are certainly things that I admire and respect in each of the remaining candidates, I believe Donald Trump is the candidate best poised to make America great again. As such, I was proud to cast my vote for Mr. Trump and look forward to supporting the eventual Republican nominee whomever that might be,” DesJarlais said.
Advertisement
If you've heard of DesJarlais, it's likely because they became somewhat notorious in 2012 when it was revealed that the allegedly stalwart “pro-life” politician had supported two of their ex-wife's abortions, had a whopping six affairs, and was caught on tape apparently pressing one of their mistresses to terminate their pregnancy. The Chattanooga Times Free Press has the details:
A decade before calling themselves “a consistent supporter of pro-life values,” Tennessee physician and Republican U.S. Rep. Scott DesJarlais supported their ex-wife's decision to get two abortions before their marriage, according to the member of congress's sworn testimony during their divorce trial. Obtained by the Chattanooga Times Free Press, the couple's 2001 trial transcript also confirms DesJarlais had sexual relationships with at least two patients, three coworkers and a drug representative while they were chief of staff at Grandview Medical Center in Jasper, Tenn. During one affair with a female patient, DesJarlais prescribed their drugs, gave them an $875 watch and bought them a plane ticket to Las Vegas, records show.
And lest you think that DesJarlais has since reformed to become a man of sterling character, trial transcripts revealed that they lied to their constituents about taping their former mistress:
The 679-page transcript reveals new details about DesJarlais' interactions with a 24-year-old-patient, who claimed they became pregnant with DesJarlais' child during a short fling in 2000 and that the doctor later pressed them to have an abortion. DesJarlais, who is now 48 years old, admitted in court to pressuring the woman over the phone to get an abortion, but said the whole conversation was a scheme orchestrated by them and their wife — with whom they had reconciled — to get the 24-year-old to admit they were not really pregnant. “She goes, ‘I will have an abortion. This will never be a problem of yours,'” DesJarlais said. “And I think that they were trying to get me to pay their money and I refused to because there was no proof of the pregnancy.” Under oath, DesJarlais said they and their wife recorded their phone conversation with the woman “to find out whether the girl was telling the truth or not.” That directly contradicts the member of congress's campaign Facebook page, where they told supporters the phone conversation “was recorded without my knowledge.” “ . . . [The] media wrongly reported that I recorded the conversation myself,” DesJarlais wrote in the Oct. 12 note that was “liked” by 521 people. “I was recorded unknowingly and without my consent.”
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
DesJarlais has a primary challenger — Grant Starett, a stalwart conservative whom I've known since their days as a student at Vanderbilt Law School — so hopefully they won't have a chance to work with a hypothetical President Trump. But if DesJarlais and Trump do meet, they can certainly swap stories of past adulterous exploits.
Ladies and gentlemen, your Grand Old Party.
You have probably heard by now that a woman wearing flat shoes—albeit, flats with rhinestones—was turned away from the red carpet at the Cannes Film Festival this week, due to inappropriate footwear. It seems this happened to a handful of women above the age of 50 (who knew they were even allowed at Cannes!?) and even to one amputee.
Festival organizer Thierry Frémaux has since said the confrontation was “the result of one security guard's excess of zeal.” Quartz has contacted the Cannes Film Festival, and will update this post should we receive a relevant comment, but it takes only a quick scroll through red carpet photos to see that at Cannes, the women wear heels.
Men, of course, have no such obligation. Director Denis Villeneuve declared that they and actors Josh Brolin and Benicio del Toro would wear high heels to the May 19 premiere of their new movie, Sicario, in protest of the sexist, archaic dress code.
Getty Images/Clemens Bilan At least they waited for their female cast-mate, Emily Blunt.
But in the end, they backed down. “I tried!” Del Toro told New York Magazine‘s Jada Yuan, at the film's after-party. ”I tried to find high heels, but, sadly, I can't walk in them.”
It's too bad, because not only would the men have likely looked lovely in their heels, it would have been in keeping with a historical sartorial precedent—just the sort of tradition that overzealous security guard seemed intent on maintaining.
“History has proven that the heel has no intrinsic meaning, it is simply given meaning through culture.”—Elizabeth Semmelhack
Elizabeth Semmelhack, who is senior curator of Toronto's Bata Shoe Museum where the exhibition “Standing Tall: The Curious History of Men in Heels” is currently on show, said they closely followed the kerfluffle at Cannes.
“It really does prove the power the clothing, and how much we rely on it to either perpetuate gender stereotypes or to maintain some kind of social order,” they told Quartz. “History has proven that the heel has no intrinsic meaning, it is simply given meaning through culture.”
The higher the heel, the closer to God
According to Caroline Weber's essay in the book Killer Heels, some 2,000 years ago male Greco-Roman actors wore thick, cork-soled platforms to exaggerate their heights as they portrayed gods and royalty, bringing to mind the more recent adage, “the higher the heel, the closer to God.”
It was likely Persian cavalrymen who brought heels into Western fashion in the last millennia, via global trade centers such as 16th-century Venice and the sartorial influence—and globalizing force—of the Persian ruler Shah Abbas, whose impressive military and diplomacy pushed Persian style into the European consciousness.
© 2015 Bata Shoe Museum, Toronto, Canada (photo: Ron Wood) A 17th century Persian riding shoe kept a man's foot in their stirrups—and influenced European menswear.
Ottoman Empire-inspired chopines ranging in height from six to—brace yourself—20 inches became de rigeur for women in Venice, where they not only held women's feet high above the sodden streets, they also implied a similarly high social stature. (Some accounts imply vertiginous shoes were for courtesans, not nobility; just as today opinions differ on whether towering stilettos are trashy or classy.)
© 2015 Bata Shoe Museum, Toronto, Canada (photo: Ron Wood) What boys liked (to wear) in 17th century Europe.
While womens' chopines had sex appeal—they were backless, so easy to kick off with reckless abandon—men wore heels too. They'd probably have you believe it was for mere practicality, easier to stand up in one's stirrups on horseback and so on, but they also conferred the appearance of status upon the wearer. According to the Bata Shoe Museum, the shape and height of the heel at left indicates that it belonged to a wealthy young boy in 17th century Europe. (Looks like Rachel Comey to me.)
King Louis XIV loved a good silk-covered heel, and wore them in red, which indicated social rank even in a pre-Louboutin age. Such a bourgeois association would later contribute to the decline of men in heels.
Don't blame Napoleon
Though some credit Napoleon Bonaparte's dislike of the male high heel with killing it—and wouldn't it be funny if history's favorite small man buried it?—Semmelhack said the trend's end was nigh before Bonaparte and their flats stepped onto the scene. (Seems they aren't that short after all, either.)
“It wasn't driven by a single man and their ideas,” said Semmelhack. “It was driven by a larger cultural trend.”
And that trend was enlightenment thinking, which had the rather unenlightened effect of attributing feminine qualities to items of clothing seen to be frivolous, while associating less decorative clothing with the values of enlightened reasoning, and thereby, masculinity.
Or, as Semmelhack put it: ”Heels are a little bit more irrational off the horse.”
Au revoir, man heels.
© 2015 Bata Shoe Museum, Toronto, Canada (photo: Ron Wood) This English men's flat shoe from the mid-1700s, on the other hand, looks entirely practical.
Rockstars and cowboys
As Quartz's Marc Bain has written, the Victorians solidified those traditional gender-based fashion rules. In recent decades, the high heel has been relegated to the men most secure with their sexuality: rockstars and cowboys.
“The cowboy is such a symbol of rugged masculinity,” says Semmelhack. “And yet, they wear high heels.”
© 2015 Bata Shoe Museum, Toronto, Canada (photo: Ron Wood) Tony Lama boots, late 20th century.
And they don't just wear them on the horse, they wear them when they drive their truck, they wear them to the bar, they even sing songs about wearing them out with their lady.
Meanwhile, for women, the high heel in the last century has taken on qualities of both empowerment and eroticism—forces that peacocking male rock stars such as Prince, Elton John, and David Bowie (who wore platforms in the '70s, and stilettos in the '90s) embraced to their fullest. (Also, this man.)
© 2015 Bata Shoe Museum, Toronto, Canada (photo: Ron Wood) Elton John performed in these.
Even their mellower predecessors, including John Lennon and Bob Dylan, understood the appeal of a generously heeled Chelsea boot. According to the Bata Shoe Museum, Chelsea boots like John Lennon's, pictured below, verged from tradition by borrowing the elevated heel of a flamenco boot.
© 2015 Bata Shoe Museum, Toronto, Canada (photo: Ron Wood) John Lennon's Chelsea boot.
Dylan's embrace of the style even inspired the title track of Traffic's 1971 album, “ The Low Spark of High Heeled Boys.”
And yet, today, says Semmelhack, it's hard to imagine mainstream men stepping into heels in our lifetime. They are powerful to be sure, but that power has become extremely gendered.
“There would have to be a seismic shift in gender equality for the power of the high heel to be transferrable to men,” says Semmelhack.
And if that were ever to happen, as Benicio del Toro learned, they'd have to learn to walk in them.
MyHorse let's your players have more control over their horses!
Simple, easy and lightweight.
Name your horse
Protect it from stealing & inventory theft
Protect it from dying (Owned horses are invulnerable)
Protect it from being unleashed by others
Simple transfer of ownership of horses (great for buying/selling!)
Put your horse for sale (Right-click to buy it)
Keep a list of your owned horses
Teleport to your owned horses
Teleport your owned horses to you
Option to allow putting a chest on any type of horse
Select your horse
Simply mount your horse to select it as your currently selected horse.
By default, only the owner can mount theirs horse.
Naming
To name your selected horse simply use the command:
/ myhorse name < horsename >
When your horse has a name, it is only ridable by you
Anti Theft
After taming your horse, the horse is "locked" and can only be used and accessed by its owner. To allow others to use your horse, use the commands:
/ myhorse lock / myhorse unlock
Come here!
After selecting your horse, you can summon it to you with the command:
/ myhorse comehere
My horses?
See a list of your owned horses with the command:
/ myhorse list
How cool is my horse?
Check out the info about your selected horse with the command:
/ myhorse info
Goto my horse!
After seeing the list of your horses, you can goto any of them with command:
/ myhorse goto < id >
Note that this command is disabled in config.yml by default
Set a new owner for your horse
After selecting your horse, you can set a new owner for it with the command:
/ myhorse setowner < ownername >
Go away!
Set your selected horse free with the command:
/ myhorse goaway
Sell that horse
Set your selected horse for sale with the command:
/ myhorse sell < price >
Any player with the myhorse.buy permission node can now right-click to buy the horse.
(Note that Vault is required for this feature)
Spawn a horse
Admin can spawn any type of horse with the command:
/ myhorse spawn < normal | mule | undead | skeleton > < baby >
Multiple Worlds
Set the worlds you wish to enable MyHorse in the config.yml file:
Worlds : - world - world_nether - world_the_end
Damage Types
Configure the types of damage which owned horses should be protected from in the config.yml file:
DamageProtection : - PROJECTILE - POISON - MELTING - MAGIC - CUSTOM - DROWNING - FIRE - FIRE_TICK - ENTITY_ATTACK - BLOCK_EXPLOSION - ENTITY_EXPLOSION - LIGHTNING - LAVA
All valid damage types and their descriptions can be found here
Permission Groups
You can set certain values for MyHorse for your groups in the config.yml file:
default : HorseNameColor : WHITE MaximumHorses : 3 Member : HorseNameColor : GOLD MaximumHorses : 10
All valid colors can be found here
Note that MyHorse will automatically detect your permission groups and write default settings in your config.yml.
Text
Not happy with the text of the plugin?
Just change the file /lang/english.yml to whatever you want!
Note that MyHorse auto-downloads the language file from my server at www.doggycraft.dk.
This can be disabled by using the DownloadLanguageFile setting in the config.yml.
Installation
Put the MyHorse.jar file in your /plugins folder and you are ready to go!
Commands
Command Description myhorse Show the basic info myhorse name Gives your selected horse a name myhorse comehere Teleports your selected horse to you myhorse goaway Sets your selecte horse free myhorse list Lists all your owned horses myhorse goto <id> Teleports to a specific horse from the list myhorse setowner <playername> Sets a new owner for your selected horse myhorse addfriend <playername> Adds a friend for your selected horse myhorse removefriend <playername> Removes a friend for your selected horse myhorse kill Kills your selected horse myhorse reload Reloads configuration from disk myhorse sell <amount> Sets your selected horse for sale myhorse claim Claims the horse you have mounted myhorse select <id> Selects a horse from your list myhorse spawn <horsetype> <baby> Spawn a horse of a specific type
Permission Nodes
myhorse.* - Player can do everything below
myhorse.list - Player can see a list of their owned horses
myhorse.goto - Player can teleport to their owned horses
myhorse.comehere - Player can teleport their selected horse to themselves
myhorse.lock - Player can lock their horse
myhorse.unlock - Player can unlock their horse
myhorse.name - Player can name their horse
myhorse.setowner - Player can set new owner for their horse
myhorse.addfriend - Player can add friends for their horse
myhorse.removefriend - Player can remove friends for their horse
myhorse.info - Player can display info about their horse
myhorse.buy - Player can buy horses
myhorse.sell - Player can sell horses
myhorse.goaway - Player can set their selected horse free
myhorse.kill - Player can kill their selected horse
myhorse.claim - Player can claim un-owned horses
myhorse.select - Player can select a horse from their list of owned horses
myhorse.help - Player can see the help page
myhorse.bypass.mount - Player can bypass mount protection
myhorse.bypass.leash - Player can bypass leash protection
myhorse.bypass.inventory - Player can bypass inventory protection
myhorse.admin - Player can operate on a horse owned by any player
myhorse.spawn - Player can spawn horses
myhorse.updates - Player gets notifications about updates to MyHorse
Configuration
Setting Description Default Value Settings.ServerName Name of the server "Your Server" Settings.Worlds List of worlds in which MyHorse is enabled <list of world names> Settings.DamageProtection What types of damage are horses protected from? <list> Settings.AllowChestsOnAllHorses Players are able to put a chest on any type of horse false Settings.DownloadLanguageFile Should MyHorse auto-download language file? true Settings.MetricsOptOut Do not send metrics to mcstats.org false Settings.DisplayUpdateNotifications Show notifications about new updates to MyHorse true
Disclaimers
This plugin contacts curse.com and checks for newer versions by using the Curse ServerMOD API.
Opting out of this service can be done by editing config.yml and changing DisplayUpdateNotifications to false.
This plugin utilises Hidendra's plugin metrics system, which means that the following information is collected and sent to mcstats.org:
A unique identifier
The server's version of Java
Whether the server is in offline or online mode
The plugin's version
The server's version
The OS version/name and architecture
The core count for the CPU
The number of players online
The Metrics version
Opting out of this service can be done by editing config.yml and changing MetricsOptOut to true.
Want to contribute? MyHorse is open source!
Check out the official repository on github
All you need is Bern (Picture: Getty Images)
Are you a lonely democratic socialist looking for love?
Well, we have the place for you. Bernie Sanders enthusiasts are congregating on BernieSingles.com to find their political soulmates.
Apparently, it started as an offshoot of the Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash Facebook group, and was ‘founded in 2016 by a group of *dank* individuals who just want the fire to Bern in everyone's hearts!'
And, as it is fitting for a page dedicated to a man championing free education, the site is completely free to join.
We particularly like the dude with the dog (Picture: BernieSingles.com)
But as great as BernieSingles is, we can't help but wish we had a Jeremy Corbyn version in this country.
Might we suggest… CorbynConnection.com?
You know you want it.
MORE: Man confused after being told their house doesn't exist
MORE: Think privatisation of the NHS would be no big deal? Then take a look at this receipt
Have you ever noticed that many news shows and websites have nearly identical headlines and talking points about the same story? That might be because of DNC affiliate and George Soros-funded David Brock's organization Media Matters, among other partisan think-tanks, control the narrative. Media Matters often brags about having their memos and talking points circulated among the mainstream media. During the 2016 Presidential Campaign, David Brock was funding accounts to attack Trump supporters and defend Hillary Clinton on Reddit, 4chan, Twitter, Facebook, and in comments of news websites through a Super PAC called “Correct The Record.” While Media Matters, Correct The Record, and Share Blue may not be the top of the left-wing pyramid, they are an open and public piece of a shadowy and organized puzzle, one that Fox News host Sean Hannity may have begun to solve.
Bill O'Reilly was ousted from Fox News, amid allegations of sexual assault. Austin O'Lay reported
After weeks of speculation, Fox News finally got rid of its most popular host, Bill O'Reilly. The longtime host has been vacationing in Italy while their network determines their future with Fox, which has now been confirmed. Rupert Murdoch, executive chairperson of Fox News and its parent company, 21st Century Fox, made the announcement Tuesday. “After a thorough and careful review of the allegations, the Company and Bill O'Reilly have agreed that Bill O'Reilly will not be returning to the Fox News Channel,” the statement reads.
While many saw this as a slippery slope for the destruction of strong conservative figures, I was happy to see Bill go. Little did I know, they were right. They came for conservative conspiracy theorist and radio host Alex Jones next as they went to court and ultimately lost primary custody of their children to their divorced wife. The slippery slope is now becoming a mudslide as Fox News has been hit with more accusations of sexual harassment, including of their ratings-dominating Sean Hannity. Sean Hannity immediately fired back attempting to put a stop to this slippery slope, and on Twitter threatened to sue those attempting to “slander” him. Things escalated on Twitter when Sean Hannity responded to a tweet about Fox News being in turmoil.
Gäbe i pray this is NOT true because if it is, that's the total end of the FNC as we know it. Done. Best Sean https://t.co/W3BJ2wjzRD — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 27, 2017
Somebody HIGH UP AND INSIDE FNC is trying to get an innocent person fired. And Gabe I KNOW WHO it is. Best Sean https://t.co/W3BJ2wjzRD — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 27, 2017
On Sunday, Sean Hannity announced they are apparently is following through with promise to sue.
A lot of time with an army of attorneys. Topics include; libel, slander, defamation, tortious interference. Stay tuned. — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 30, 2017
The real story comes in a later tweet when Sean Hannity replied to a supporter who said “If they back off & claims poverty, then go after attorney.”
This is way way way bigger than any one individual. https://t.co/ERvdrmUdeE — Sean Hannity (@seanhannity) April 30, 2017
“This is way bigger than any one individual.” Could it be that Sean Hannity has found the nerve of the left, the ones coordinating the constant assault on the Right and on President Trump? Or could it be that Sean Hannity found the conservatives attempting to break away and form a new conservative network, alleging that Fox News has moved too far to the left? Mediaite reported
On the heels of major shakeups at the Fox News Network, an alternative conservative network is being actively discussed amongst conservative fat cats. A well-placed source close to the proposal tellsMediaite that serious discussions are underway to create an alternative conservative cable network on the belief that the Fox News Network is moving too far to the left. The source, who is engaged in the talks, says a meeting is planned for today with two prominent high-powered television executives, some underperforming conservative networks and people who have an interest and the ability to fund a new network. This news comes on the heels of a long profile in last weekend's New York Times which paints a picture of a changing Fox News Network with Murdoch's sons, James and Lachlan, CEO and co-chairperson of parent company 21st Century Fox, at the helm. The piece struck fear into the minds of some Fox News' hardcore conservatives with talk of the sons wanting to rid the company “of the old-guard culture on which their father built their empire” and bringing “a warmer and fuzzier workplace” that would move away from an “anti-politically correct environment.” On Thursday, New York Magazine‘s Gabe Sherman, a constant thorn in the side of Fox News, reported that “sweeping management changes” may be coming to the network as well. Sherman's report cited three anonymous sources that contend that the network's co-President Bill Shine recently asked the Murdoch sons to release a statement in support of them amid the roiling lawsuits and scandals. Both Fox News and 21st Century Foxes have vigorously denied that Shine made such a request but the report by Sherman prompted a rather mysterious tweet about the “total end of the FNC as we know it” by the network's biggest remaining star, Sean Hannity. “I'm working on it (the new conservative channel) hot and heavy,” the source said. “It's live, it's real.” The new channel could come to fruition within the next 10 to 12 months, the executive said. It is no surprise that a savvy investor would see the turmoil within Fox News as a major opportunity. As The Times piece noted, analysts estimate that Fox News produced 25 percent of 21st Century Fox's operating income last year or a whopping $6.6 billion. Conservative news remains a cash cow for investors, but the media landscape is quickly changing with younger viewers “cutting the cord” and turning to alternative over-the-top live streaming platforms like Hulu, Amazon, Roku and YouTube TV. Could a conservative alternative channel with some big names have an edge on the 20-year-old conservative network? Stay tuned. Our source is convinced it can happen.
The most alarming part of the Mediaite story is that there is big money involved, enough so that this network could come to fruition within a year. If Fox News is crippled by the time this network launches, Fox News may no longer be the #1 news network among conservatives. One America News Network CEO Robert Herring tweeted that they would happily sign on conservative talent.
Could it be that some conservatives are attempting to sabotage Fox News to take a larger piece of the conservative news pie? Could it be the left with Media Matters and organized coordination with the DNC? Could it be a mix of both? Sean Hannity is seemingly on the trail.
Photo
Hillary Rodham Clinton's views on same-sex marriage have evolved in the almost 20 years since their husband, Bill Clinton, then the president, signed the 1996 Defense of Marriage Act, saying that they had “long opposed governmental recognition of same-gender marriages.” This week Mrs. Clinton, who is running for president, said they hoped that same-sex marriage became a constitutional right.
1996: “My preference is that we do all we can to strengthen traditional marriages, and that the people engaged in parenting children be committed to one another and to the child. We also have to be realistic and know there are others who can do a good job, as well, of raising children,” Mrs. Clinton told The San Francisco Examiner.
2000: “Marriage has got historic, religious and moral content that goes back to the beginning of time, and I think a marriage is as a marriage has always been, between a man and a woman,” Mrs. Clinton said while running for the Senate in New York.
2003: “Well, marriage means something different. You know, marriage has a meaning that I think should be kept as it historically has been, but I see no reason whatsoever why people in committed relationships can't have many of the same rights and the same respect for their unions that they are seeking, and I would like to see that be more accepted than it is,” Mrs. Clinton speaking to WNYC on the difference between gay marriage and civil unions.
2003: “I am, you know, for many reasons. I think that the vast majority of Americans find that to be something they can't agree with. But I think most Americans are fair. And if they believe that people in committed relationships want to share their lives and, not only that, have the same rights that I do in my marriage, to decide who I want to inherit my property or visit me in a hospital, I think that most Americans would think that that's fair and that should be done,” Mrs. Clinton, in an interview with CBS, on whether they still opposed same-sex marriage.
2006: “My position is consistent. I support states making the decision. I think that Chuck Schumer would say the same thing. And if anyone ever tried to use our words in any way, we'll review that. Because I think that it should be in the political process and people make a decision and if our governor and our Legislature support marriage in New York, I'm not going to be against that,” Mrs. Clinton telling Gay City News that they would not block legislation supporting gay marriage in New York.
2007: “I am very much in favor of civil unions with full equality of benefits,” Mrs. Clinton told Ellen DeGeneres, explaining that they still believed the decision should be left to states.
2013: “L.G.B.T. Americans are our colleagues, our teachers, our soldiers, our friends, our loved ones, and they are full and equal citizens and deserve the rights of citizenship. That includes marriage,” Mrs. Clinton said in a video released by Human Rights Campaign, a gay rights advocacy group.
2014: “For me, marriage had always been a matter left to the states. And in many of the conversations that I and my colleagues and supporters had I fully endorsed the efforts by activists to work state by state. And in fact that is what is working,” Mrs. Clinton said in an interview with NPR.
2015: “Hillary Clinton supports marriage equality and hopes the Supreme Court will come down on the side of same-sex couples being guaranteed that constitutional right,” Adrienne Elrod, a spokesperson for Hillary for America, said while Mrs. Clinton was campaigning for the presidency in Iowa.
Kaplan served two years in the army before deciding to refuse. The two are expected to serve additional prison terms.
Text by Haggai Matar
Video by Israel Social TV
Two conscientious objectors, Yaron Kaplan and Ido Ramon, were sentenced to 30 and 10 days in prison, respectively, for their refusal to serve in the Israeli army.
For Kaplan, it is their first imprisonment. Until now they served as a conscripted soldier and decided to refuse to complete the final year of their service.
During a protest at the Tel Aviv induction base last week, Kaplan explained that they feel obligated to refuse as a way of outstretching a hand of peace to their Palestinian partners in the struggle for peace and security for both peoples in this land.
For Ramon it is their second imprisonment. They previously declared that they would not serve in the army, “which describes itself as ‘the most moral army in the world' but rules over millions of people under occupation, violating their most basic rights.”
The two are expected to be jailed again after their release.
The 'In Living Color' alum will take on the role originated by Danny Glover in the drama, which has now officially been picked up to pilot, with McG directing.
Lethal Weapon is kicking into high gear.
Following a prolonged dealmaking process, the network has tapped Damon Wayans Sr. to star as Roger Murtaugh in Lethal Weapon, lifting the cast contingency on the drama and clearing the way for its formal pilot pickup on Friday.
Based on the feature film franchise starring Mel Gibson and Danny Glover, the reboot — which counted NBC as a bidder — hails from Warner Bros. Television, whose sister film division, Warner Bros. Pictures, produced the original movies. Here's the formal logline: When Texas cop and former Navy SEAL Martin Riggs suffers the loss of their wife and baby, they move to Los Angeles to start anew. There, they get partnered with LAPD detective Roger Murtaugh, who, having recently suffered a "minor" heart attack, must avoid any stress in their life. Wayans will take over the role of Roger. Gibson's role has not yet been cast.
Fox's reboot hails from Matt Miller (Chuck, Forever), who will executive produce via their WBTV-based Good Session banner. Lin Pictures' Dan Lin (The Lego Movie) and Jennifer Gwartz also will exec produce. Lethal Weapon reunites Miller with Lin, who teamed for last year's ABC drama Forever, which was canceled after one season. McG will direct the pilot, which marks a reunion for the helmer and Miller after the duo previously teamed on NBC's Chuck.
Fox gave a hefty put-pilot commitment to the project in October following a competitive situation. Lethal Weapon is one of multiple movie remakes in the works this pilot season. Fox is also prepping a modern reinvention of The Exorcist and passed on its Urban Cowboy take; CBS is prepping a new version of Nancy Drew and a reimagining of Training Day; and NBC has a sequel to Cruel Intentions as well as a Taken prequel ordered straight to series. Reboots continue to be in high demand as broadcast (as well as cable and streamers) look for proven brands in a bid to break through an increasingly competitive scripted landscape. Key to the reboots is having the original producers involved, which for Fox's Lethal Weapon is not the case. However, sources tell The Hollywood Reporter that the original filmmakers have blessed the TV reboot, though they will not be credited on the drama.
Lethal Weapon originally opened in 1987 and grossed $120 million worldwide. It spawned three sequels, which grossed a combined $835 million worldwide.
The casting marks a homecoming for Wayans, who starred on and wrote for Fox's popular sketch show In Living Color for four years. They went on to star in and exec produced the ABC family comedy My Wife and Kids, which also ran for four years. Wayans' most recent TV role was on an episode of Happy Endings in 2011.  They are repped by ICM Partners and Kleinberg Lange.
Keep up with all the latest pilot news with THR's handy guide to pilot season.
[엑스포츠뉴스=정지원 기자] BLACKPINK and NCT127 won Best New Artist at the 26th Seoul Music Awards.
The 26th Seoul Music Awards took place at the Jamsil Arena, Seoul, on January 19.
BLACKPINK won the Best New Artist award, proving it is indeed a monster rookie. After receiving the trophy, ROSÉ said, “We're so thankful to win this award as it is only given to an artist once. We'd like to thank the staff for having faith in us. We'll try our best to live up to their expectations.”
NCT127, whose flashy performance became a hit last year, was also named as the winner of Best New Artist award. Taeyong said, “Thank you for this once in a lifetime award. We'd like to thank the staff, our manager, and our parents. We'll always be thankful to our lovely fans too.”
Meanwhile, the 26th Seoul Music Awards were held to recognize the hit songs of the previous year, and the ceremony was aired live on KBC Drama and KBS W. Tak Jaehoon, Super Junior's Kim Heechul, and I.O.I's Jeon So-mi emceed the ceremony.
2017. 1. 19.
(Special to the Times – Colleen Keane) TOP: From left to right, Shyniah Chapo, Desiderya Costello and Antonio Larez test the triggers on the To'hajiilee STEAM machine before a test run.
BOTTOM: Adding art into the design, a doll on a horse crowns the first leg of the STEAM machine beginning the story of To'hajiilee that the students tell through the machine.
F
or To'hajiilee Community School students it's not STEM – it's STEAM.
It became STEAM when the students included art in science, technology engineering and mathematics education. The students learned the difference between STEM and STEAM at an academic camp held last week as they built a one-of-a-kind chain-reaction machine that also told a story about their community.
Putting art into STEM education is the key to making American students globally competitive, according to Shawn Jordan, an Arizona State University professor, who was part of the STEAM academic team.
How to get The Times:
Back to top ^
Riding shotgun
What's the meaning of the phrase 'Riding shotgun'?
To travel as an armed guard next to a vehicle's driver. Latterly, (chiefly in the USA) - to travel in a car's front passenger seat.
What's the origin of the phrase 'Riding shotgun'?
Please Sir, I know this one. It's from the wild west stagecoaches, which had guards armed with shotguns to protect them isn't it, or was it English stagecoaches to protect them from highwaymen? Whoa, there pardner. Maybe that's what people think, but there's no evidence to place this phrase that far back in history, in the USA or England.
The reference is to the US stagecoaches that were an essential feature of Hollywood westerns - usually being chased by Indians or bad guys in black hats. In the 1939 classic film Stagecoach, George Bancroft plays Marshal Curly Wilcox who is featured riding shotgun in screens throughout the film, to protect the coach from the pesky Apaches. They mention the term explicitly in the dialogue:
"You boys take care of the office for a couple of days. I'm going to Lordsburg with Buck. I'm gonna ride shotgun."
The earliest reference I can find in print to people riding shotgun in real life is from the Utah [where else?] newspaper The Ogden Examiner, May 1919 - headed "Ross Will Again Ride Shotgun on Old Stage Coach":
Driven by Alex Toponce and A. Y. Ross, an old fashioned stage coach made in 1853 and used on the Deadwood stage line in the early days of Wyoming, will appear in Ogden streets on the day of the Golden Spike celebration.
Alex Toponce was in the early days the owner of a stage line. They will probably drive the old fashioned vehicle, while A. Y. Ross, famous in railroad circles as a fearless express messenger and who on several occasions battled with bandits on the plains, will probably ride "shotgun" as they did in the past.
Express messengers, like A. Y. Ross were also called shotgun messengers and the guns they used were called messenger shotguns.
Long distance stagecoaches ceased to be used soon after the introduction of the transcontinental railroad in 1869. Short haul coaches lasted a little longer but their use was also in steep decline by 1900 and they disappeared when motor vehicles became available early in the 20th century.
There is good evidence that people were employed to guard stagecoaches on early USA stagelines. In October 1891, the Iowa newspaper The Oxford Mirror, published this comment:
"Of all the devices and inventions for the protection of treasure and circumvention of the road agent, the only one that has stood the test of time and experience is a big, ugly-tempered man with a sawed-off shotgun on the box."
It seems quite plausible that the term riding shotgun would have been used, but it appears that it wasn't - not until well after stagecoaches had gone out of use and people started making westerns. Although we have 20th century references to people riding on stagecoaches with shotguns from films and newspapers, there are no accounts from the 19th century that call this riding shotgun.
The 1950s saw a spate of TV cowboy series in which riding shotgun was so commonplace in the scripts as to be almost obligatory. The term was taken up by US teenagers when referring to riding in the front passenger seat of a car. It became a game to shout "I call shotgun" to reserve the front seat - which was generally seen as being the premium position (although, in those pre-seatbelt and air-bag days, probably the worst choice). This was shortened in the 1960s to just shotgun. The term in that context is restricted to the USA.
The figurative use of the earlier version of the term was in common use by the 1980s. Here's an example from The [London] Times from January 1980:
"It was quite by chance that The Times found itself riding shotgun for the Red Army."
Riding shotgun in the real sense has moved on since the days of stagecoaches. VIPs who travel in limousines are now often flanked by several motorcycle outriders. This has also been adopted in a figurative sense and supporters of political figures, especially those who aren't employed directly as spokespeople but who feign independence in order to give the appearance of a politician's wider appeal, to are often now called outriders; for example, The Morning Star, September 2006:
Tony Blair's outriders have floated the idea of a "which direction for Labour?" debate.
Since the September 2001 terrorist attack in New York, US airlines have begun employing air marshals to protect the planes in flight. These have widely been described as riding shotgun. They don't carry shotguns of course, that would be rather counter-productive in pressurized cabins at 30,000 feet.
Sen. Claire McCaskill (D-MO) on Monday bashed Sen. Ted Cruz (R-TX), who has refused to condemn Donald Trump's Saturday remarks suggesting that Sen. John McCain (R-AZ) is only a “war hero” because they were captured.
There's something unseemly about Cruz following Trump around like a lost puppy,hoping to get their leftovers when they finally flame out. — Claire McCaskill (@clairecmc) July 20, 2015
After numerous Republican presidential candidates quickly denounced Trump's Saturday comments, Cruz declined to criticize the real estate mogul.
“They're running their own campaigns, they can make their decisions, I'm not going to go into the gutter with personal attacks impugning character,” Cruz told Bloomberg Politics on Saturday.
Cruz said that they would not play the “media game” and said that they consistently decline to attack their Republican and Democratic opponents.
“My view on John McCain is explicit and unambiguous. He's an American hero and he's a friend. I'm not going to just take a stick to fellow Republicans or for that matter to Democrats,” they told Bloomberg. “In my time in the Senate I haven't impugned the character of Republicans or Democrats and I don't intend to start today.”
Cruz also declined to criticize Trump when the real estate mogul called Mexican immigrants “rapists” and drug dealers.
“Now, when it comes to Donald Trump, I like Donald Trump,” Cruz told NBC earlier in July. “He's bold, he's brash. And I get that — that it seems the favorite sport of the Washington media is to encourage some Republicans to attack other Republicans. I ain't gonna do it. I'm not interested in Republican on Republican violence.”
And just last week, the two presidential candidates met at Cruz's invitation, though Trump seemed unsure about why Cruz had requested the rendezvous.
“Ted Cruz called me. And I don't know why I'm meeting him, to be honest, but I do have respect for him,” Trump told MSNBC's “Morning Joe.”
Donald Trump and @tedcruz at Trump Tower in NYC. pic.twitter.com/Bb5M7lBAf7 — Rick Tyler (@rickwtyler) July 16, 2015
Cruz told reporters on Wednesday that the two simply chatted about the 2016 presidential race. When asked if they sought the meeting to obtain Trump's endorsement, Cruz said no, according to CNN.
“I'm a big fan of Donald's, and we talked about the race,” Cruz said, according to CNN. “We talked about how we are each enjoying it and how there is a need for more truth tellers.”
The Wall Street Journal editorial board on Monday also mentioned Cruz's refusal to condemn Trump, noting that it signal's the senator's interest in gaining Trump's supporters.
“But note the silence of Ted Cruz, who declined to criticize Mr. Trump because they said the media enjoy such intra-Republican fights. Mr. Cruz has recently released a book whose main theme is an attack on other Republicans,” members of the editorial board wrote. “It's central to their campaign strategy. The Texas Senator must be hoping to inherit Trump voters once the casino magnate flames out, but he's revealing their own lack of political character.”
The New York Times has an interesting story by fellow INflencer Charles Duhigg about data mining being done by both the Obama and Romney campaigns. According to the article, the campaigns "have examined voters' online exchanges and social networks to see what they care about and whom they know. They have also authorized tests to see if, say, a phone call from a distant cousin or a new friend would be more likely to prompt the urge to cast a ballot." Moreover, the "campaigns have planted software known as cookies on voters' computers to see if they frequent evangelical or erotic Web sites for clues to their moral perspectives. Voters who visit religious Web sites might be greeted with religion-friendly messages when they return to mittromney.com or barackobama.com." Duhigg has also written about the issue in a LinkedIn post.
Unlike businesses, campaigns often do not pay the same kind of attention to privacy. They think they are an exception. So while business have privacy officers and develop extensive programs to ensure compliance with privacy laws, training of employees, and careful deliberation over the impact on privacy about certain practices, political campaigns operate largely in the dark when it comes to privacy.
Part of the reason why campaigns are more cavalier about privacy is because the laws often exempt them or don't apply to them. One example is the Do Not Call List, which allows people to block commercial telemarketing calls but not calls by political campaigns. There isn't any privacy law regulating the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data by political campaigns except for laws that mandate reporting of personal data when people contribute to campaigns. And these laws have always struck me as deeply problematic. Should I really be able to know that my neighbors contributed $100 to the Obama or Romney campaigns? It seems to me to be a rather major privacy invasion to reveal a person's political affiliation. The interests in preventing campaign finance fraud can be accomplished in ways that avoid such mandated disclosures.
In so many ways, privacy considerations seem to be absent in the world of political campaigning. Privacy shouldn't be absent here. There should be regulation about how political campaigns can collect, use, and disclose personal data. And the privacy of donations by individuals (but not corporations) should be protected.
Part of the challenge to regulating in this area is the First Amendment, which might restrict regulation on the collection, use, and disclosure of personal data for political purposes. But privacy regulation has survived First Amendment scrutiny in other contexts, and the interests in protecting privacy are just as important when political campaigns are involved as when businesses are involved.
As campaigns increasingly use personal data and raise billions of dollars, they are beginning to resemble large companies and resort to extensive data collection and some problematic privacy practices that would certainly raise eyebrows and spawn Congressional hearings if done by a company. It is time to bring campaigns in line with other entities and make them better respect privacy.
Daniel J. Solove is the John Marshall Harlan Research Professor of Law at George Washington University Law School, the founder of TeachPrivacy, a privacy/data security training company, and a Senior Policy Advisor at Hogan Lovells.
Story highlights Study's authors estimate that 9.6 million Venezuelans eat two or fewer daily meals
More families substituting usual foodstuffs for cheaper alternatives
(CNN) A mother contemplates how they do their food shopping amid shortages and high inflation in Venezuela: Whatever is cheapest in the season is what their children eat, substituting one thing for another and in much smaller portions than before.
"What I have at home is enough to give them a plain arepa, and it's very little for each one," the woman, Grecia Gonzalez, told CNN en Español, referring to the traditional white corn cakes. "And for me, I don't care about going without eating. As a mother you're always thinking about feeding (your children)."
New data from an annual national survey by three of Venezuela's major universities and other research groups has found that Gonzalez's experience is becoming more common in the oil-rich South American country.
Families are substituting usual foodstuffs for cheaper and more available alternatives, the National Survey of Living Condition, known by its Spanish initials ENCOVI, found. Meat and chicken, which in 2015 were the fourth- and fifth-most purchased grocery products, respectively, were overtaken in 2016 by vegetables and tubers.
And like Gonzalez and their children, the survey found more Venezuelans are skipping meals and the percentage of malnourished is growing.
Read More
It's always amazing to me just how quickly the start of a season makes everything that happened over the course of the preceding five or six months feel like it was a decade ago. One dribble, one pitch or one snap, and all the bickering, all the debating and all the predicting ceases to matter.
When leather meets hardwood for the first time this afternoon (Eastern Michigan/Albion at noon!) it will wipe away an entire half-year of conversation that seemed important at the time. From this point forward, the only time we'll hear about a preseason prediction will be when the predictor needlessly resuscitates one because they were ultimately proven correct. And even then, no one will really be paying attention.
Though the preseason is about to go the way of the dodo, the saber-toothed tiger and "The Killing," it's still worth noting that, on paper at least, we appear to be on the precipice of one of the best college basketball seasons in recent memory.
Why? I'm beyond thrilled that you asked.
The Star Power
Most experts will tell you that the incoming class of first-year student is the best in the seven years since the inception of the so-called "one and done rule." College hoops have been loaded with frosh talent since 2006-07, it's just never been this abundant and this accompanied by proven veterans with corresponding star power. A quick glance at the preseason AP All-America team tells the abbreviated story pretty accurately.
There's Russ Smith, the must-watch senior guard who led Louisville in scoring last season when the Cardinals won their first national championship since 1986. There's fellow senior Doug McDermott, a two-time first team preseason AND postseason All-American whose team has suddenly gone from darling mid-major to member of the (by name at least) most storied conference in college basketball.
Oklahoma State's Marcus Smart has been the near-unaninmous choice for preseason player of the year, and with good reason. The sophomore would have undoubtedly been a top five choice in last summer's NBA Draft, making their decision to return to college one of the most surprising of the past decade. Michigan's Mitch McGary represents the "predicted breakout star" faction. They were an above average player for the bulk of their first-year student campaign before becoming a bon-a-fide force in the paint during the Wolverines' run to the national title game.
Then there's Andrew Wiggins, just the second first-year student ever to earn preseason All-America accolades from the Associated Press. When you read recruiting quotes about Wiggins from the past couple of years, you feel like you're reading something that will be in an autobiography or hearing something that will be on an ESPN "30 for 30" one day. He's widely-regarded as the best 19-year-old basketball player since LeBron James, and is the face of a 2014 draft class that NBA junkies say could rank right up there with the vaunted 1984, 2003 and 1996 classes.
The ironic thing about Wiggins being compared to LeBron so much is that another kid in their class received the same courtesy, except theirs came on the cover of Sports Illustrated. That would be Duke's Jabari Parker, whom you might remember in this light:
Eliminating any potential talk of a Magic/Bird-esque rivalry between these two is the existence of Kentucky's Julius Randle. They don't have the magazine cover credentials of Wiggins or Parker, just the body of an updated version of Micaelangelo's David and a game that a decent chunk of folks believe will make him, not Wiggins, the No. 1 pick come June.
The most refreshing thing about this crop of elite frosh - which also includes the likes of Arizona's Aaron Gordon and Kentucky's Andrew Harrison - is that its headliners are all playing for perennial powerhouses with legitimate national title aspirations. There is no Kevin Durant at Texas or Michael Beasley at Kansas State situation. Even the Shabazz Muhammad show at UCLA last season became more about the head coach's lack of job security than the Bruins' chances of making a deep run in the big dance (they didn't).
Before they become millionaires, the biggest names of college basketball's first-year student class are going to have to find a way to fit in on star-studded teams with fan bases that are all hungry for the sport's top prize. It's fun, it's exciting and it's refreshing.
The Rivalry
The Kentucky/Louisville basketball rivalry was already one of the most hate-filled in all sports before former Wildcat front-man Rick Pitino returned to the Commonwealth to coach UK's arch-rival. Before Pitino rival and clone John Calipari replaced Billy Gillispie in Lexington. Before the pair met in the 2012 Final Four, and before they became college basketball's last two national champions.
Now, with Kentucky headlining both major preseason polls and Louisville just two spots behind them, it feels like the latest and perhaps most intense chapter of this Bluegrass rivalry is headed for a climax.
While Red vs. Blue has always been almost as much about the conflicting cultures of the two fan bases as it has been about basketball, it's been fascinating to see the rivalry spawn a pair of dueling philosophies in recent years.
Three years ago, Kentucky fans took Pitino's "Louisville First" slogan as a direct response to Calipari and the success they were having at UK with their "one and done" philosophy. Now that Louisville has won a national title doing things Pitino's way, Calipari has responded by writing a book titled Players First: Success from the Inside Out, which focuses on their belief that a coach should put a player's future ahead of both team and program success.
In a weird way, the annual December showdown between the Cats and the Cards could mean less this year than ever before.
While "Louisville First" vs. "Players First" may not be quite as simple as Louisville vs. Kentucky, it's silly to dismiss the notion that the rivalry isn't the primary fuel here. Each coach thinks they have a hook that is superior to the other's, and they're going to play it up appropriately.
It's difficult to envision this rivalry growing more intense than it stands at the current moment. Though the war of words has died down considerably over the past year and-a-half, you still have two coaches who allegedly don't care for one another and who have taken indirect public shots at one another in the recent past. The Internet and social media in particular have also helped make the relationships between the two fan bases more contentious than ever before...which is saying something. And then of course there's the fact that the programs are experiencing a contemporaneous level of on-court success that is unprecedented.
In a weird way, the annual December showdown between the Cats and the Cards could mean less this year than ever before, because there will be a strong notion among both fan bases that it might not be the last time they'll see each other. Not that we won't be watching anyway.
The Early Season Fun
For the average sports fan, the college basketball season doesn't really begin until after the NFL has crowned its Super Bowl champion. That person is going to be missing out on a lot over the next couple of months.
It gets started quickly, like, four days away quickly. That's when ESPN's annual tip-off marathon culminates with the Champions Classic in Chicago, an event that will feature No. 4 Duke vs No. 5 Kansas and No. 1 Kentucky vs. No. 2 Michigan State.
Things only get more entertaining around Thanksgiving with the preseason NIT (Duke, Arizona), the Puerto Rico Tip-Off (Michigan, Georgetown, VCU), the Hall of Fame Tipoff (North Carolina, Louisville), the Battle 4 Atlantis (Kansas, Tennessee, Iowa, Villanova, Xavier) and the Maui Invitational (Syracuse, Gonzaga, Minnesota, Cal).
Holiday hoops are criminally underrated, and that will be more apparent in 2013 than it's ever been before.
The Angry Coach GIFs
So many more angry coach GIF memories to be made.
The Conference Shake-Ups
College basketball's major narrative with regards to conference realignment has always been centered around how football and greed has ruined some of its longest and most storied rivalries. The flip-side of that is that seeing all these powerhouse programs in new conferences with other new powerhouse programs is pretty fun.
Sport fans enjoy anarchy. It's why we love things like entire league re-draft features in video games and why people still go apeshit over mock conference realignment drafts even though the Internet has produced more of those than it has porn over the last decade.
Syracuse vs. Duke in an ACC showdown at the Carrier Dome? Fun. Big East stalwarts joining up with some of the best mid-level programs in the country for a conference title race? Fun. Temple, Memphis and Connecticut somehow all playing in the same league? At least kind of fun.
The positive might not outweigh the negative here (it doesn't), but at least there is some good to have fun with.
The Scoring Race
Seven of the top 15 scorers in the country from the 2012-13 season are back for another year of lighting up the college ranks. All seven of those players averaged more than 20 points per game last season, and two of them (Creighton's Doug McDermott and Oakland's Travis Bader) ranked in the top five nationally.
Your top 10 leading returning scorers for this season:
1. Doug McDermott, Creighton (23.1 ppg)
2. Travis Bader, Oakland (21.9 ppg)
3. Kyle Vinales, Central Connecticut State (21.6 ppg)
4. Tyler Haws, BYU (20.9 ppg)
5. Corey Hawkins, UC-Davis (20.3 ppg)
6. Anthony Ireland, Loyola Marymount (20.2 ppg)
7. Marshall Henderson, Mississippi (20.1 ppg)
8. Devon Saddler, Delaware (19.9 ppg)
9. Bryce Cotton, Providence (19.4 ppg)
10. Troy Huff, North Dakota (19.1 ppg)
Of particular note on this list are guys like Bader and Haws, who don't have all that much around them and will likely be asked to shoulder even more of the scoring load this season than in years past. Then of course there's Marshall Henderson, a mild-mannered kid who just goes about their business, producing quiet 20-point game after quiet 20-point game, never ruffling any feathers or drawing any attention to himself.
The New Rules
While the NCAA's attempt to limit hand-checking and create more space on offense could result in a bevy of 60+ free-throw games during the early portion of the season, I'm confident the rule changes will ultimately be a positive for the sport. Watching a guy like Michael Carter-Williams thrive with the ball in their hands in the NBA should be all the evidence anyone needs to realize that college basketball needs to create an environment more conducive to the talents of its most capable players.
In years past, officials have typically used early season tournaments and standard non-conference games to drive home offseason rule changes. Hoops heads should expect more of the same this November and December. The "clutching and grabbing" problem probably can't be fixed in one season, but I don't think there's any question that this is a giant step in the right direction.
Come February and March I think you'll see a brand of college basketball with more offensive flow and more space for the sport's best players to showcase their skills. It's a necessary change.
The Unpredictability
For the first time since the NCAA Tournament Selection Committee started naming its "No. 1 overall seed," that top dog has gone on to claim the national championship in back-to-back seasons. Both of those teams - Louisville last season and Kentucky the year before - began their respective seasons ranked in the top two of both major polls.
While the strength of the nation's top 10-15 teams probably makes any declaration that the sport's title race is "wide open" a mischaracterization, the curiosity surrounding the preseason No. 1 definitely implies some uncertainty surrounding which team should be seen as the most likely to cut down the nets in Dallas. Though no one doubts the strength of John Calipari's 2013 recruiting haul, Kentucky is still the first preseason No. 1 ever to have missed the NCAA Tournament the year before. To drive the point home further, the Wildcats are also the first preseason No. 1 since 2001 that didn't make the Sweet 16 the season before.
Is UK's distinction earned? Should it belong to Louisville, a defending champion returning more scoring than any other since Florida repeated back in '07? Should it belong to Michigan State, the team which, on paper, appears to have fewer holes than any other? Is Andrew Wiggins that good? Is Jabari Parker that good? Is Aaron Gordon that good? Who the hell knows?
We've all spent the past seven months trying to come up with responses to questions we couldn't possibly know the answers to. Thankfully, those answers begin flowing in today and tonight.
Let the beautiful journey begin.
More from SB Nation College Basketball
• Why the 2013-14 college hoops season will be one of the best ever
• AP names preseason All-Americans | SB Nation's All-Americans
• It's never too early for Bracketology
• Andre Dawkins has a story (and he'd rather not talk about it)
• The march toward midnight: All Cinderellas are not created equal
Zwack Unicum liqueur Type Digestif Manufacturer Unicum Zwack plc Distributor PMA Canada Country of origin Budapest, Hungary Introduced 1790 Alcohol by volume 40% Proof (US) 80
Zwack is a Budapest, Hungary based company that makes liqueurs and spirits. The company produces an 80 proof (40% alcohol) herbal liqueur known as Unicum from a secret blend of more than forty different herbs and spices. Unicum is known as one of the national drinks of Hungary.
The company is also a distributor of a range of international brands such as Johnnie Walker, Baileys, Smirnoff, Hennessy and Gordons. Zwack has been listed on the Budapest Stock Exchange since 1993.[citation needed]
History [ edit ]
According to the company, Unicum was created by Dr. József Zwack, the Royal Physician to the Habsburg Court, for Emperor Joseph II in 1790. In 1840 the family founded J. Zwack & Co., the first Hungarian liqueur manufacturer.[1] By the early 1900s, the Zwack company had become one of the largest distilleries in central Europe, producing and exporting over 200 liqueurs and spirits.
During World War II, the Zwack factory was damaged and production stopped. After the war the factory was nationalized in 1948 by the communist Hungarian Working People's Party. The Zwack family fled the country. János Zwack with their son Péter Zwack, great grandson of József, was able to escape with the original Zwack recipe. Béla Zwack remained behind to give the communist government a fake Zwack recipe and went on to become a regular factory worker. Meanwhile, János and Péter migrated to the United States, eventually settling in the Bronx in 1949 when Péter was 22 years old.[citation needed]
In 1988, just one year before the fall of Communism, Péter Zwack returned to Hungary and resumed production with the original Zwack formula. They repurchased their family business from the State in the summer of 1989, and by the spring of 1990, the original Zwack product was reintroduced to the Hungarian market. That same year, Péter was named Hungarian Ambassador to the United States.[2]
In 2008, Péter Zwack handed over the company's leadership to the family's 6th generation, their own children, Sandor and Izabella Zwack. One of their first initiatives was to launch Zwack in the US. In 2013, the Zwack Company has also launched Unicum and Unicum Plum in the US.
Details [ edit ]
Unicum is made from a blend of more than 40 different herbs and spices. Some of the herbs and spices are distilled, some are macerated, then blended together and aged in oak casks at the factory in Budapest for over 6 months. The dark amber hue is achieved with added caramel color.
This bitter, bold taste herbal liqueur is mainly consumed as an aperitif before meals or a digestif after meals. The company also produces a slightly different version of the liqueur known as Unicum next, it is made from the same recipe and shares Unicum's bold character but is slightly less bitter and leaves a hint of citrus finish on the palate.
Other Zwack products [ edit ]
Vilmos product family [ edit ]
Vilmos is a product range of spirit drinks made by mixing pear pálinka, neutral spirits and added flavorings with or without the addition of honey. There's also a genuine pear pálinka in the range, aged 3 years.
St. Hubertus product family [ edit ]
St. Hubertus is a traditional, herbal liqueur, St. Hubertus 33 gets its name from the 33 different herbs used to make this drink and because it is 33% alcohol. St. Hubertus 33 is marketed more towards younger people, because of its lighter flavor.
Hírös Kecskeméti product family [ edit ]
This product family consists of real palinkas and some spirits that although are made 100% from distilled fruit, they are sweetened with honey, thus they cannot be sold under the label of palinka, so they are marketed under the Hírös Kecsckeméti label. These are a lighter, sweeter, palinka based liqueur.
Kalinka product family [ edit ]
Contains one vodka and two vodka based alcoholic beverages. Kalinka Samovar is a 30% drink flavored with honey and tea. Carbonated Kalinka, or "Fény" is a flavored, 21% drink with carbon-dioxide added.
Fütyülős [ edit ]
This product family was based on Fütyülős Barack, a spirit drink made by mixing apricot pálinka, neutral spirits and flavorings. The range initially has been broadened with six different fruit liqueurs produced alike, but mellowed with sugar and honey. Finally, it was completed with six different kinds of pure pálinka. Fütyülős Barack is not to be confused with its 20th century predecessor, Fütyülős Barackpálinka, which was an authentic apricot pálinka, aged in wooden barrels. Modern Fütyülős Barack was described by a professional Hungarian jury as having “a taste and flavour of petroleum; cannot be recommended to anyone [...]” [3]
Zwack Sándor Nemes Pálinka Family [ edit ]
The noble pálinka family consisting of genuine fruit pálinkas.
References [ edit ]
Official website
SACO — Gov. Paul LePage's town hall-style forum came to a chaotic end Thursday night when a former Democratic state lawmaker was hauled away by state police after they angrily confronted the governor, shouting that their budget proposals were harming low-income Mainers.
Joanne Twomey, a former Biddeford mayor and legislator known for their outspoken manner, approached the stage at Thornton Academy and tussled with security before flipping a jar of Vaseline onto the stage near LePage's feet. An officer immediately grabbed the jar off the stage as they were being escorted away.
Gov. Paul LePage discusses their tax reform plan at a town hall forum in Saco on Thursday night. The session came to a halt after a vocal disturbance by Joanne Twomey. John Patriquin/Staff Photographer
LePage sparked a media frenzy in June 2013 when they made a crude sexual remark involving Vaseline while criticizing a Democratic state senator.
Members of the crowd both cheered and jeered Twomey, as well as the police response. LePage left the stage immediately afterward.
Peter Steele, a spokesperson for the governor, said later that it was unfortunate the forum ended the way it did.
“Law enforcement takes that very seriously,” Steele said. “You're not allowed to rush a sitting governor. They had something in their bag and it looked like they were reaching for it and they sprang into action. It was unfortunate, but there's zero tolerance.”
Twomey had not been charged with any crimes as of Thursday night, and Steele said they were not sure if police would pursue the issue.
Afterward, Twomey defended their actions while talking to the media and other forum attendees, several of whom accused them of “ruining” the event.
“What they are about to do to this state, you have to be out of order,” Twomey said. “You cannot live with those policies and not speak up.”
TENSIONS OVER BUDGET AND TAX PLANS
The incident came near the end of a forum during which LePage laid out their tax cut and budget proposals before answering questions from audience members. Much of the forum was routine and included several respectful exchanges between LePage and audience members who were critical of their two-year budget plan. Other audience members thanked the governor for their proposals and cheered their unapologetic responses to critics.
But the atmosphere became more tense when an audience member asked LePage about their plans to allow municipalities to tax nonprofit organizations with more than $500,000 in property value as part of their proposal to eliminate revenue sharing to communities. When LePage suggested the policy would primarily affect private colleges and hospitals, members of the audience responded with loud “No's.”
“I'm concerned about the nonprofit day camps, overnight camps, Boy Scouts, Girl Scouts,” said Jean Leach, president of Camp Laughing Loon in East Waterboro.
When another woman suggested that nonprofits would have to reduce programs, LePage responded that Mainers will have more money to support nonprofits if the Legislature approved their proposal to reduce income tax rates.
“Didn't I not say that I was going to put $1.3 billion back in your pockets? Why don't you give them a little bit?” LePage said.
Twomey, who was seated in the front row of the audience, stood up and began a heated back-and-forth with LePage after the governor said that, under their long-term plan, Maine would no longer have an income tax in 2020.
They apparently came to the forum intending to confront the governor about their budget plan. On their Facebook page Wednesday night, they wrote: “I have researched all that I want for ammunition tomorrow night, have my notes and will speak up, and they will not shut me up. I will be respectful, but I will be heard and if they try to shut me up I just may have to get handcuffed, it won't be the first time, and it probably won't be the last.”
REMINDER OF GOVERNOR'S PAST REMARK
After the meeting, Twomey said they planned to hand the jar of Vaseline to the governor, but tossed it when security guards pulled them from the stage. In a high-profile incident while lawmakers were finalizing the state's last two-year budget in 2013, LePage told a camera crew that a Democratic state senator “claims to be for the people, but he's the first one to give it to the people without providing Vaseline.”
Twomey represented the city of Biddeford in the Maine House from 1998 to 2006. They also served two terms as Biddeford's mayor and ran unsuccessfully for the position again in 2013.
LePage's appearance in Saco was the latest in their town hall-style forums being held around the state to promote their budget and tax plan. The Legislature's budget-writing Appropriations Committee is starting to delve deeper into the governor's two-year, $6.5 billion budget but is not expected to finalize its work until June. With Democrats controlling the House and Republicans controlling the Senate, the end product is expected to look significantly different than LePage's proposal.
They want to cut the top income tax rate from 7.95 percent to 5.75 percent and raise the income threshold for applying the top tax rate to $50,000. They also have proposed eliminating the estate tax, as well as income taxes on military pensions.
To help offset those revenue losses, LePage proposed increasing the sales tax rate to 6.5 percent from 5.5 percent and applying sales and use taxes to hundreds more goods and services in an effort to capture more money from tourists.
“In the summer months, 26 (million) or 27 million people come to Maine in three months … and they are enjoying the beauty of the best time of our state, so we are going to charge them a little premium for being here,” LePage said Thursday night, sparking applause from many in the audience.
ABRUPT ENDING TO ‘CONSTRUCTIVE NIGHT'
But the governor's proposals to increase and broaden the sales tax – similar to one defeated at the ballot box by Republicans in 2010 – and to eliminate revenue sharing to municipalities have encountered resistance from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle, and left-leaning organizations. LePage seems resigned to the fact that some of their most ambitious proposals will not survive the Legislature's budget-writing process, even telling audience members Thursday night not to worry about the nonprofit tax because “the Legislature is going to take it out.”
But they also have shown increasing willingness to play political hardball with lawmakers from either party on the budget.
On Thursday morning, LePage told attendees at a Brunswick business breakfast that they would veto bills in order to pressure lawmakers to go along with their budget plans, including their proposal to divert $5 million from increased timber harvesting to help people convert to more efficient home heating systems.
“It's about leverage,” LePage said, explaining that if they don't “get $5 million to help people get low-cost heating systems, they don't get what they want.”
Many Saco- and Biddeford-area legislators were in the crowd during Thursday's forum and expressed disappointment at the way it ended.
“It really interfered with a constructive night,” said Rep. Barry Hobbins, a Saco Democrat who has known Twomey for years.
Share
Around here, we're always talking up the positives of geeks. It's a natural thing because that's who we are. And while we always want to root for the geek heroes in books and movies, we have to acknowledge there are some bad apples out there. Here are 10 villainous geeks from the movies.
10. Kent (Real Genius)
Not truly evil, Kent is just malicious and clueless, so he's easily manipulated by the movie's real villain, Dr. Jerry Hathaway.
Geek Cred: Builds an advanced tracking system capable of targeting a human being from space.
Villain Cred: Sabotaged the heroe's efforts, including blowing up Chris Knight's laser.
Quote: "You won't get away with this. Dr. Hathaway's gonna hear all about this. You'll rue the day!"
9. Theo (Die Hard)
Mercenary nerd, serving as a combination hacker-safecracker. One thing's for sure, they can't take a lick – Argyle the chauffeur takes them out with one punch.
Geek Cred: Cracked the multilayer security protecting Nakatomi's vault.
Villain Cred: Too nerdy to kill, but happy to be an accessory to murder.
Quote: "All right, listen up guys. 'Twas the night before Christmas, and all through the house, not a creature was stirring, except ... the four assholes coming in the rear in standard two-by-two cover formation."
8. Boris Grishenko (Goldeneye)
Rogue coder with a juvenile sense of humor. Like a lot of nerds on this list, he's pretty much ready to do anything that involves a big payday.
Geek Cred: Satellite hacking, stymieing the FBI.
Villain Cred: Sets up their coworkers to get massacred, helps a criminal steal a satellite weapon.
Quote: "Better luck next time ... slugheads!"
7. Dr. Zachary Smith (Lost in Space)
Forget the inept baddy of the family-friendly '60s TV show. The Zachary Smith of the 1998 feature-length flick is murderous and cunning.
Geek Cred: A doctor of medicine and expert in psychology and cybernetics.
Villain Cred: Sabotaged the Jupiter 2 for money.
Quote: "Let me tell you a lesson about life, kid. There are monsters everywhere.... I know, I am one."
6. The Plague (Hackers)
Greedy hacker who enjoys manipulating others. While respectful of other hackers, they don't hesitate to use them to further theirs ends.
Geek Cred: Breaks into the NCIC database to blackmail the hero.
Villain Cred: Sets up lovable teen hackers to take the fall for their destructive schemes.
Quote: "Kid, don't threaten me. There are worse things than death, and I can do all of them."
5. Eric Knox (Charie's Angels)
Comes across as a lovable nerd, until they double-crosses the Angels and tries to eliminate them.
Geek Cred: Expert programmer who figures out how to track down anyone's location by the sound of their voice.
Villain Cred: Set up the Angels to get to their boss Charlie.
Quote: "You know they say that in death all life's questions are answered. Will you let me know?"
4. Syndrome (The Incredibles)
Ever since they were an eager young lad "from the fan club," Buddy wanted to be a superhero. When Mr. Incredible dissed him, it was time for revenge.
Geek Cred: Expert robot maker and inventor.
Villain Cred: Killed off most of the real superheroes so they could be a fake one.
Quote: "See? Now you respect me, because I'm a threat. That's the way it works. Turns out there are lots of people, whole countries, that want respect, and will pay through the nose to get it. How do you think I got rich? I invented weapons, and now I have a weapon that only I can defeat, and when I unleash it...."
3. Pollux Troy (Face/Off)
Kid brother of an arch-terrorist, Pollux is the brains of the organization – at least where it pertains to technical matters. So socially disfunctional they need their brother to tie their shoes.
Geek Cred: Designed a biological weapon capable of taking out Los Angeles.
Villain Cred: Designed a biological weapon capable of taking out Los Angeles.
Quote: "Seeing that face on you makes me afraid my tiramisu might come back up."
2. Cosmo (Sneakers)
As an idealistic young hacker, Cosmo got busted stealing money from Nixon's bank account. In prison, they showed some wise guys how to make free phone calls. He's been "a friend of ours" ever since.
Geek Cred: Expert computer programmer.
Villain Cred: Wants to collapse economies and send whole nations into ruin.
Quote: "There's a war out there, old friend. A world war. And it's not about who's got the most bullets. It's about who controls the information. What we see and hear, how we work, what we think ... it's all about the information!"
1. Dr. Eldon Tyrell (Blade Runner)
What? you say – how can Tyrell be a villain? Because they got rich making slaves, dude.
Geek Cred: Designed a brain from the ground up.
Villain Cred: Created a race of sentients and enslaved them.
Quote: "We began to recognize in them a strange obsession. After all, they are emotionally inexperienced, with only a few years in which to store up the experiences which you and I take for granted. If we gift them with a past, we create a cushion or a pillow for their emotions, and consequently, we can control them better."
I've been making the same chili recipe for about 10 years. I mention that because while this story isn't really about chili—it is, instead, the story of loosening my culinary morals—the chili, my chili, plays a major role.
It's a vegetarian chili, and at first glance it seems pretty run of the mill, if a bit artisan. There are black beans and pinto beans which I've soaked overnight; homemade chili powder; and all the standard chili fare (jalapeños, onions, etc).
After that, it goes off the artisanally-made rails.
Because once, after a summer cook-out, some friends of friends left behind a pack of lime-enhanced Bud Light beverages. Being a bit of a beer snob, I shoved them to the back of the fridge, just in case a swill-drinker should again grace my door.
Months later, when a chill had set in the air, I gathered the ingredients to make my beloved chili. But when I arrived at the deglazing portion of the process, I had a sudden realization: I'd forgotten the “high-class” Mexican beer I would typically use. At a loss for options, in went the Bud Light Lime. And damned if it wasn't the best pot of chili I'd ever tasted.
I've made it the same way ever since.
Bud Light Lime makes sense in chili when you stop to consider why it works. It's less bitter than other beers I might have tried, which results in a sweeter stew. And the lime factor lends an acidic finish which cuts through richer, spicier flavors.
Can't stop, won't stop. Photo by Chelsea Kyle
But how would Bud Light Lime fare with other dishes? That was the question that arose when I reluctantly told the story of my chili to my coworkers. Rather than act horrified as I assumed they might, they were oddly intrigued. Collectively we wondered: Can you braise in Bud Light Lime? Can you bake with it?
As you've probably guessed by now, I have the answers.
Will it braise?
For this test I used Anna Stockwell's No Recipe Required chicken thighs. My version contained chicken thighs seasoned with salt, crushed fennel seed and chile flakes, thin wedges of fennel and red onion, and BLL.
Result: Epi Approved! The chicken had a beer-induced savoriness and slight citrusy aftertaste. The vegetables were fantastic spooned over lightly sautéed black beans.
Just a splash. Photo by Chelsea Kyle
Will it fry?
Duh. Beer-battered fish with BLL are a no-brainer. But please note: the resulting tacos will still require a finishing squeeze of fresh lime.
Result: Don't hold back.
Will it bake?
When I suggested a cake, Team Epi stopped cheering me on. “That's crazy,” one coworker said. “It'll never work,” said another. Undeterred, I baked a cake with hope in my eyes and a lime—or was it a gleam?—in my heart.
I used this honey–spice bundt cake, swapping out the coffee for BLL and eliminating the orange zest (the better to judge if the BLL could shine through). I also nixed the chocolate glaze for one made of BLL and powdered sugar.
Result: I'm gonna be perfectly honest: This cake was bomb. Like hold-up-wait-a-minute-let's-all-bake-with-Bud-Light-in-it good. Note that the beer's carbonation gave the cake more lift, and the extra sugar caused it to cook faster—so when you make it (and you should), check for doneness a few minutes early.
Alas, my experiment with BLL was not all roses. See that photo above? I had to drink a lot of BLL for it. And the rest of the day was rough. But while I can nearly guarantee that it will be the last time I drink this limey wonder, I imagine I've barely scraped the surface of what I'll cook with it.
Wrapping up the best ever release.
Fix some bugs in scan_scaled. Add tests. Fix more bugs.
mandoc cgi mode redirects to better URLs.
Some fixes to vmd to handle controls sockets and TTYs and reboot and other edge cases better.
Configure and apply the multitouch-tracking functions of wsmouse.
Convert some code here and there to using recallocarray.
Improve documentation for the jungle that is sysctl.
Too many use after free bugs in USB drivers, so, for release, revert memory synchronization change to usbdi.c that only works if code elsewhere is correct.
Import dhcrelay6, a DHCPv6 relay, for people living in the past in the future.
The pledge group “ioctl” has been split into a few more targeted permissions.
Add slaacd, a Stateless Address AutoConfiguration Daemon, for people living in the future in the present.
Audio fixes for azalia on Kaby Lake processors.
A great many fixes to vmd to support guests other than OpenBSD. With seabios support, the new default, even penguins can fly.
Fix a leak of stack contents in kernel exec functions.
Kernel W^X comes to arm64.
Add ”(compatible with GNU linkers)” to the lld version output so that configure scripts which only look for magic strings work.
Implement a driver for Marvell's XHCI controller found on some arm devices.
Merge Mesa 13.0.6
TLS ticket support in httpd.
Add support for RFC4754 (ECDSA) and RFC7427 authentication to iked. Add support to reflect the responder IKEv2 COOKIE, as used by Azure.
Add signify public keys for syspatch for the current and next release.
Unlock tree, we are now hacking on 6.1-current.
The games of the modern era are not usually high-scoring affairs, especially in the playoffs, and that has put the fans who have followed the game since the Lakers-Celtics rivalry of the 1980s in somewhat of a sour mood.
Take for instance the 1985 Finals. In the Celtics' Game 6 loss, they scored only 100 points, the lowest total for either team in the series. In Game 1, the Celtics had set the benchmark for 3-point shots taking 9 and making 7 (77.8 percent). Both teams focused on creating and taking high-percentage shots, which kept the 3-point attempts much lower than what you see today.
Players like Kevin Garnett gazing at the scoreboard this postseason don't see the lofty team point totals their counterparts put up in 1985. Grant Halverson/Getty Images
By contrast, in many playoff series this year, even one team cracking 100 is a rarity, and double-digit 3-point attempts (if not makes) are the norm.
I am often asked why scoring has dropped. There are certainly rules changes (zones, for instance, are now legal) as well as adaptations in coaching and preparation. But the biggest reason, in my mind, occurs before the players even enter the NBA.
The NBA teams of my era were populated with players who spent significant time in college before they got to play pro ball. When I entered the league, a player could not join the NBA until their high school class was leaving college. After Spencer Haywood's successful legal fight in 1971, only players who could prove a need were allowed to leave early to enter the NBA.
When players of that era got to college, they had to earn playing time and had to compete with the upperclassmen ahead of them on the list of players who got significant playing time. Players also had to take the time to learn their coach's game plans for offense and defense before they were considered ready to play. When I attended UCLA, freshmen were not allowed to play varsity ball. That rule was not changed until 1972, some three years after I graduated from college.
Add to this hierarchy the burden of going to class and taking the courses necessary to stay eligible and you had a system that made sure the players who were entering the NBA were knowledgeable about the game. In addition, the responsibilities they had to handle while at a university helped make them more mature and prone to have developed a work ethic during their college years. Making a transition to the professional ranks was much less challenging for those players.
Players today are much less likely to have spent significant time in college. College basketball is not much more that a warm-up for the NBA draft for the most talented one-and-done players. Too many of these players don't understand the subtle aspects of the game and their undeniably outstanding athletic ability does them very little good when they struggle to learn the pro game in high-pressure circumstances. Even the extra hours so many of them play on traveling youth teams and in high school isn't teaching them the team game.
The time it takes them to get up to speed is a drain on the resources of the franchises that draft them. Some of them never get to have a professional career that is commensurate with the potential they showed in high school. I personally worked with a player who could not adjust to thinking a great game in addition to physically playing a great game. The player I'm referring to had all the physical gifts imaginable, but they had a very limited understanding of how to use their skills in the pro ranks.
Kareem Abdul-Jabbar and their Lakers teammates averaged 115.8 points against the Celtics in 1985 (and their scoring average was even higher in the earlier rounds). Dick Raphael/NBAE/Getty Images
A young man can get into the NBA just because they have potential, but if that potential does not manifest itself, they will be traded or let go by a cost-conscious director of personnel. Even those players who are able to make it past the first hurdle don't always play up to their potential. A great example is Dirk Nowitzki. As a 7-footer, they had the opportunity to play college ball in America, but people close to the situation say Dirk avoided playing U.S. college ball because they would be called on to defend and rebound and play with the big guys. Dirk has been an exceptional offensive player, but their NBA career stats show that they have limited skills as a defender, shot-blocker and rebounder. We'll never know how good they could have been had they spent more time rounding out their skill set with a top college coach.
A similar lack of in-depth knowledge of the game has diminished the ability of today's players to be as cohesive in team play as they should be. A great player who has never learned to shoot free throws efficiently becomes a liability at the end of a close game because the opposing team will foul them and make them deal with high-pressure free throws. Many a game has been lost in those circumstances.
I mentioned earlier the 1985 playoffs and the high-scoring, interesting, watchable games. The high-quality coaching many of the players received in multiple years on campus certainly contributed. Cedric Maxwell played at Charlotte for Bill Foster, who won more than 500 college games. Kevin McHale (Jim Dutcher at Minnesota), Byron Scott (Ned Wulk at Arizona State) and Magic Johnson (Jud Heathcote at Michigan State) all learned under coaches who knew the game and taught it for years. Two undisputed legends also were well-represented: Dean Smith of North Carolina by Bob McAdoo, Mitch Kupchak and James Worthy; and John Wooden, who coached Jamaal Wilkes and me at UCLA.
NBA starting lineups now rarely contain players with extensive college backgrounds, and it has made a profound difference in the quality of play. I do not write these words as a wish to put the genie back in the bottle, but I do believe the fans are not getting the satisfaction they once did because the NBA doesn't attract the same type of well-schooled players.
In the 1985 Finals, the lowest combined point total for a game was 211 points. Thus far in the 2012 playoffs only three games in three rounds -- all in the past week -- have topped that.
I guess that is one consequence of "progress."
Jazz and heroin have an interesting relationship that I will attempt to explore here. First off, I will talk about the heroin addictions of three prominent jazz musicians: Charlie Parker, Billie Holiday and Miles Davis. After giving a survey of each musician's habit, I will then try to determine what affect their addiction had on their music. Finally, I will explore my thoughts about the reasons for their addictions.
Charlie Parker
Anyway, all these people kept coming by and Bird would disappear into the bathroom with a dope dealer and come out an hour or two later. In the meantime, everybody was sitting around, waiting on Bird to finish their nap. Then, they would come back all fucked up and shit. But after Bird got high, they just played their ass off.
-Miles Davis in "Miles: the autobiography", pg 76
The most talked about case of heroin addiction in the jazz world is that of Charlie Parker. Parker's addiction is unique in its duration and intensity. It is also unique in that it was incredibly high profile and had a ripple effect through jazz circles. Miles Davis said that "the idea was going around that to use heroin might make you play as great as Bird." In the mid-forties, the man to emulate in jazz was Parker. Young musicians trying to make it big were often under the impression that the best way to achieve the success that Parker enjoyed was to imitate him, musically and otherwise. This meant that in many jazz circles, the thing to do if you wanted people to think you were hip was to shoot heroin. That was the case at many of the after hours jam sessions where Bebop was incubated. It was in this way, Parker passed their addiction on to an entire generation of jazz artists.
When Parker was in their late teens they were in an automobile accident with their first wife. They began using heroin shortly after that to control the pain from injuries they sustained. They quickly became addicted to the drug and they dealt with that addiction for nearly two decades until their death in 1955.
Parker occasionally went without heroin, whether by choice or lack of availability. One such time was in 1946. Parker and Dizzy Gillespie traveled to California in December of 1945. Parker decided to stay and Dizzy returned to New York. Parker had only one source of heroin in Los Angeles at the time. When their dealer was arrested, Parker turned to heavier and heavier drinking. The lack of the drugs their body was accustomed to and the excess of alcohol began to affect their mental health. On June 29th 1946 a severely intoxicated Parker set fire to the bed in their hotel room and left the building bereft of clothing. They were arrested and ended up spending six months in Camarillo State Mental Hospital. While there, they received shock treatment. They were released in January of 1947 and returned to New York in March.
Billie Holiday
The last time I saw them alive was when they came down to Birdland where I was playing in early 1959. They asked me to give them some money to buy some heroin and I gave them what I had. I think it was about a hundred dollars.
-Miles Davis in "Miles: the autobiography", page 235
Billie Holiday's heroin addiction was very similar to Parker's. They were a frequent user of heroin for over a decade and it was most likely responsible for their death. They spent time in jail more than once for heroin possession.
Holiday's heroin use is commonly linked to their second husband Joe Guy, whom they married in 1943. In 1947 they were arrested and charged with possession of heroin. They were sentenced to 8 months in prison. After they were released, they continued the downhill trajectory of drug and alcohol abuse.
In 1959 Holiday was placed under arrest while on their death bed for possession of heroin. They died on July 17th 1959 at the age of 44. They were undergoing treatment for kidney failure at the time as a result of drug and alcohol abuse.
Miles Davis
"What do you mean, a habit?" I said.
Matinee told me, "Your nose is running, you got chills, you weak. You got a motherfucking habit, nigger." Then they bought me some heroin in Queens. I snorted the stuff Matinee copped for me and I felt just fine. My chills went away, my nose stopped running and I didn't feel weak no more.
I continued my snorting by when I saw Matinee again, they said, "Miles, don't waste that little money on getting some to snort, because you still gonna be sick. Go on and shoot it, then you'll feel much better." That was the beginning of a four-year horror show.
-Miles Davis in "Miles: the autobiography", page 132
Miles Davis was introduced to heroin by Gene Ammons, who was in a band with him. At first they snorted it but eventually they moved to actually using it intravenously.
In 1950, Davis, Bird, Art Blakey and Dexter Gordon were in Los Angeles at the end of a tour. On their way to the airport, Blakey decided to stop off and get some drugs from someone they knew. After acquiring drugs, they were followed to the airport by the police and busted. Davis called their father from jail who contacted a family friend in Los Angeles who sent a lawyer around to get them out. Down Beat magazine did a major article on drugs ruining the jazz scene which talked about the drug bust. The article resulted in Davis being locked out of a lot of clubs. In January of 1951 Davis was acquitted, though they still had some problems with performing in certain places.
Eventually, Davis asked their father for bus fare back home. Davis returned to their father's home and got off of heroin. After suffering through withdrawal, they set off for Detroit. They knew they were likely to relapse and they knew for certain that they would if they went back to New York right away. Plus, the heroin they could get their hands on in Detroit would be much less pure than what they had been using in New York. They did relapse a little in Detroit but eventually they worked through the mental aspects of the addiction and quit entirely.
The Effects of Heroin
In the case of Billie Holiday, heroin and general excess had a very profound effect on their music, other than simply prematurely killing them As time passed, all of the drugs and alcohol began to have a profound effect on their voice. For a singer, it is much more difficult to perform when they're in poor health. So the health effects of long term drug abuse are much more pronounced in Holiday than some other musicians. Also, after their drug conviction, they lost their cabaret card which meant that it was incredibly difficult for them to play clubs in New York. So, in Holiday's case, drug use had profoundly negative effects on both their music and their ability to make a living performing it.
In the case of Charlie Parker, heroin's largest effect on their music was in striking them down at an extremely early age. Parker also lost their cabaret card for periods which prevented them from playing in clubs in New York. Aside from that, drug use made their performances inconsistent. This ranged from them being too fucked up to perform at all to them being late to performances in their search for their next fix. The perfect example of this is Jazz at the Philharmonic in 1946 where they missed the first set while out acquiring heroin.
In the case of Miles Davis, I really couldn't make any conclusions about the effects of their heroin addiction on their music. First off, their addiction only ran about 4-5 years. This is much shorter than Parker or Holiday's habit, so the health effects were less severe. On top of this, Davis did plenty of wonderful work after they kicked the habit. While Parker and Holliday's careers can be plotted as a downward trajectory near the end of their careers, the end of their careers coincided with the end of their habits. So in the case of Davis, it's possible that any downward movement was merely a blip lost in the noise of the rest of their career.
Their Reasons for Addiction
Many think Charlie Parker was in pain their whole life after the car accident. Regardless of whether or not the ghosts of broken ribs haunted them their whole life or only during the period immediately following the accident, the point is that Parker's heroin addiction has a pretty direct correlation to physical pain.
Billie Holiday had an incredibly difficult existence, both in their childhood and their adult life. I think a pretty good argument can be made that in Holiday's case, heroin wasn't about physical pain but rather psychological pain.
Miles Davis, however, didn't seem to have much of a reason at all for heroin. They came from an affluent family. Their personal problems, compared to Billie Holiday and Charlie Parker, seem rather mundane. They suffered no ongoing injury at the time. And I'm sure that these are the reasons that Davis was not destroyed by heroin in the way that Parker and Holiday were.
Resources:
Terry Firma
Canada bows to its religious minorities over and over, like a dipping bird. Two days ago, we learned that Muslims in Toronto successfully demanded that girls' swim lessons, in public pools all over the city, may not be watched by men — not even by the fathers of the girls in question. Now, from British Columbia, comes word that as of today, it's legal for Sikhs to wear small religious swords in court.
Know of any other group that is allowed to carry deadly weapons in courtrooms?
As of Friday, Amritdhara Khalsa Sikhs will be able to wear their kirpans — small stylized swords, part of their five articles of faith — when visiting public areas of a courthouse.
“It's a relief,” said Sukhvinder Kaur Vinning, executive director of the World Sikh Organization of Canada. “I can focus on being a good civic citizen and I don't have to worry about compromising my faith, so that's a huge burden that's been lifted.” Having to testify in court can be a stressful situation and, for Sikhs, having to remove the kirpan made it worse, said Vinning. “To take it off, that's a painful thing to ask,” they said. “It eats away at a person.” … Similar kirpan accommodation policies already exist in the Parliament of Canada, as well as in Alberta and Toronto courthouses.
Just so we're clear, I have absolutely nothing against Sikhs and don't fear them in the slightest, though it should be fair to point out that just like other groups of believers, they've not always been, let's say, unfailingly kind. Just so we're even clearer, I'm hardly a xenophobe. In fact, I'm one of the xenoi:
• a first-generation immigrant to the U.S.
• a member of a distrusted, much-maligned minority
• the father of two adopted children from Asia
• not a native speaker of English
Yet I am also one hundred percent OK with the age-old principle that in Rome, we do as the Romans do. I expect no special accommodations for my culture of origin, nor for my race or heritage, nor for my daughters' race and their heritage, nor for our beliefs (that goes for my wife's beliefs — Christian — and for mine — secular).
Were lawmakers to carve out special dispensations for my tribe, allowing us to do things that are forbidden to others, I would reject the gesture as unwanted pandering; and I would wonder what had happened to my adopted country's professed dedication to equal treatment under the law.
[photo via vancouverdesi]
An RTI activist and member of Aam Aadmi Party was today beaten to death allegedly by the village head of Hardigaura in the district, police said.
Additional Superintendent of Police J P Pandey said that Guru Prasad Mishra (58) used to move RTI applications on development works done by village head Triloki Nath in the village and recently staged a dharna at district headquarters.
According to complaint given by Mishra's family members, Triloki along with their brothers and sons attacked their house and brutally assaulted Guru Prasad.
They alleged that Mishra, who sustained serious injuries, died while being taken to the hospital.
Police said that a case has been lodged against six persons, including the village head.
The ASP said that raids were being carried out to arrest the accused.
Penn Jillette's 2012 pick: Gary Johnson
After an epic rant about President Obama's drug policies, magician Penn Jillette has named their favorite candidate for 2012.
Not surprisingly, it's a pro-pot, libertarian White House hopeful.
“I think Gary Johnson is pretty good,” Jillette told Fox's Sean Hannity on Wednesday, noting the former New Mexico governor's “strong theory of government.” Last week, Jillette tweeted, “I love Gary Johnson. They seem pretty perfect.”
But he's “not gonna win,” Hannity contested. “So isn't that a half a vote for Obama?”
“I believe that voting for the lesser of two evils in game theory will always lead to more evil,” Jillette replied. “…If you actually believe that Romney is a fabulous candidate, then you should vote for him, I don't. Most of the stuff I disagree with Obama on I also disagree with Romney on.”
(h/t Mediaite)
Saudi King Salman bin Abdulaziz al-Saud, left, at the opening session of the Arab leaders summit last month in Sharm al-Sheikh, Egypt. (European Pressphoto Agency)
— In the two weeks since Saudi Arabia launched a bombing campaign in Yemen, the kingdom has barely slowed the advance of Shiite rebels who appear to be digging in for a long fight.
But so far, Saudi commanders have projected no outward signs of concern that the campaign is falling short.
“We should not be impatient for the results,” Brig. Gen. Ahmad Asseri, the spokesperson for the Saudi-led coalition, cautioned on Friday.
Saudi Arabia's determination is rooted in something deeper than overcoming insecurity on its borders and the fear that rival Iran could take advantage of it through perceived links to the insurgents. Saudi Arabia's leaders — backed by its powerful Islamic religious establishment — also have taken on a special role as guardian of both its southern neighbor and the wider Arabian Peninsula.
“This is a blessing . . . but it also places a responsibility on all of us,” King Salman told a gathering of the nation's political and armed forces elite at their Riyadh palace last week.
1 of 65 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Saudi Arabia leads airstrikes in Yemen View Photos The campaign, with a coalition of Arab nations, is an effort to dislodge Houthi rebels sweeping through Yemen. Caption The campaign, with a coalition of Arab nations, is an effort to dislodge Houthi rebels sweeping through Yemen. April 4, 2015 Yemenis search for survivors in the rubble of houses destroyed by Saudi-led airstrikes in a village near the capital city of Sanaa, Yemen. Since their advance began last year, the Shiite rebels, known as Houthis, have overrun Sanaa and several provinces. Hani Mohammed/AP Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
This was more than just a rallying call by the monarch, a former defense minister who took the throne in January. It also reflected entrenched Saudi views on Yemen, shaped over decades of intervention, insurrection, tribal politics and intrigue. It also reflected a growing military assertiveness by Saudi authorities, who have received a crucial stamp of approval from the influential Sunni religious leadership that gives the royal family legitimacy to rule over the land of Islam's holiest sites.
In Saudi calculations, the potential costs of the Yemen intervention — even the risks of further deepening regional tensions with Iran — are overshadowed by the historical imperative of keeping Yemen under Saudi wings, experts say.
“Saudi Arabia sees itself as the big brother of Yemen,” said Ali al-Ahmed, director of the Washington-based Institute of Gulf Affairs, which is often critical of Saudi policies. “That — more than Iran, more than trying to reinstate Yemen's Saudi-friendly president — is at the heart of the decision to launch attacks. If Saudi leaders are not calling the shots in Yemen, they get very nervous.”
And probably at no time since the founding of the modern Saudi state more than 80 years ago has the kingdom been less in control of affairs in Yemen.
Yemen has splintered into a patchwork of fiefdoms dominated by forces hostile to Western-allied Saudi Arabia but which are also fighting each other. These include a powerful branch of al-Qaeda, groups claiming loyalty to the Islamic State and the Shiite rebels known as Houthis, who control the capital, Sanaa, and seek to gain full hold over the second-largest city, Aden.
The immediate goal of the Saudi-led attacks is to restore Yemen's president, Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi, who escaped to Saudi Arabia after rebels closed in on their compound in Aden last week. But Saudi Arabia and its Sunni Arab partners also have made clear that longer-term objectives are in motion.
That was reinforced last Sunday with a decision by the Arab League to form a joint rapid-
reaction military force to respond to regional crises. The move was both a potent message to Shiite power Iran and a sign of greater regional cooperation against threats such as al-Qaeda and the Islamic State.
The stirrings of expanded Arab military resolve already have been on display. Nations including the United Arab Emirates and Jordan have joined U.S.-led airstrikes against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria. In February, Egyptian warplanes targeted suspected Islamic State cells in Libya.
Nor has Saudi Arabia been idle. The kingdom has been a critical financier for Syrian rebels seeking to topple the Iranian-backed government of Bashar al-Assad.
Yemen, however, presents a new slate, experts say. It could become a test ground for a sustained Saudi-directed offensive that reaches beyond the current Houthi showdown and takes aim at al-Qaeda and others — possibly even eclipsing the Pentagon's strategy of drone strikes by bringing in greater firepower and ground forces.
“We are seeing the beginnings of the ‘Salman Doctrine,' ” said Theodore Karasik, a Dubai-based defense analyst specializing in gulf affairs. “It says that Saudi Arabia must take a stand to protect the gulf rulers and the status quo of allied states around the Arab world.”
The coalition spokesperson Asseri strongly suggested Thursday that the rebels are not the only aim of the intervention, calling the Houthis and al-Qaeda “both faces of the same coin.”
“One of the goals of the mission is attacking all terror groups,” they said.
There was a preview of Saudi Arabia's stronger regional military role under Salman's predecessor, King Abdullah, who answered a call for help from neighboring Bahrain in 2011 by sending in troops to aid the tiny country's Sunni monarchy, which was facing Shiite-led protests. Yemen is a much bigger stage, with more at stake.
“The Saudis look at Yemen as the soft underbelly of their country,” said Labib Kamhawi, a political analyst based in Amman, Jordan.
In the 1960s, Saudi forces came to the aid of a ruling Shiite dynasty in North Yemen after it was deposed in a coup backed by the pan-Arab nationalist government of Egypt's Gamal Abdel Nasser. The Saudi fight on the royalist side, ironically, was on behalf of Shiite clans, including some that now back the Houthi cause.
But shifting fortunes and alliances of convenience have been a hallmark of Saudi relations in Yemen. Riyadh eventually reworked its strategy and became a financial and military pipeline for the Egypt-allied government in North Yemen, which then split from Marxist-leaning South Yemen.
Meanwhile, the austere Saudi brand of Islam, known as Wahhabism, gained a greater foothold in Yemen through Saudi-funded mosques and groups. These served as sources of intelligence-gathering and recruitment for local fighters against the Houthi rebels, who remained mostly confined to northern enclaves before a series of stunning gains last year. Saudi money also sought to buy loyalty among both Sunni and Shiite tribal sheiks in Yemen and on the Saudi side of the border, a line that in many places is still not clearly defined.Saudi Arabia became further vested in Yemen through development projects spearheaded by wealthy merchant families with Yemeni ancestral roots.
In 2007, King Abdullah was widely quoted as calling Yemen's security “inseparable” from that of the kingdom. Two years later, a wanted Saudi-born man who trained with Yemen's al-Qaeda branch tried to kill Saudi Arabia's then-deputy interior minister, Mohammed bin Nayef, in a suicide attack. Prince Muhammad was slightly injured and vowed to further increase crackdowns on militants, particularly those linked to al-Qaeda in Yemen.
That was before the Arab Spring again reset the political equations in Yemen.
In 2011, Saudi Arabia threw President Ali Abdullah Saleh a lifeline, allowing them to take refuge and receive medical treatment after they were badly burned in a bombing by Arab Spring-inspired demonstrators at the besieged presidential compound.
Saleh now appears to have cast their lot with the Shiite rebels in a bid for a political resurrection.
This would mean another player, and another layer of complications, even if Saudi Arabia does manage to get the exiled Hadi back in power. The ultimate outcome will likely leave various factions jockeying for influence and undercutting Saudi Arabia's traditional top position, said Hashem Ahelbarra, an Al Jazeera correspondent who has closely covered Yemen.
“Yemen,” they said, “is never going to be the same again.”
Hugh Naylor in Beirut contributed to this report.
Houthi rebels get boost from country's ousted dictator
CIA scales back presence in Yemen, home of al-Qaeda affiliate
Yemen rebels use increasingly brutal tactics against demonstrators
Detecting lies or setting the stage for abuse?
What does the classic lie detector actually measure? Is a change in pulse and blood pressure evidence of a lie or simply evidence of nervousness?
Imagine: A convicted drunk driver who needs to convince a judge they haven't had a drink in years. A father in a custody battle who needs to prove they did not abuse their spouse. A suspected corporate thief who needs to prove their innocence.
These are just some of the people willing to pay $5,000, or more, to expose their brains to scientists to show that their words match their truthfulness.
Knowing for certain when someone is lying is the stuff of dystopian science fiction–and the hope of cops and spies around the world.
And, if some aggressive technology entrepreneurs get their way, the technology will become a reality, coming soon to courts and interrogation rooms near you.
What makes this possible is functional magnetic resonance imaging (fMRI), which has already transformed the world of neuroscience.
Cephos Corporation and No Lie MRI are two American companies at the forefront of using fMRI technology to verify truth in the corporate, government and legal realms.
Cephos, based in Massachusetts, argues that its techniques fit all the legal standards and tests to be admissible in court.
No Lie, based in California, has scores of clients interested in using its process as evidence of their truthfulness in court hearings.
Steven J. Laken, founder of Cephos–whose corporate motto is “Our Business Is the Truth,” and whose mission statement reads, “We believe Truth is among the most valuable of commodities”–claims a 93 percent success rate in determining truth-telling from lying. (Humans are typically able to tell the difference between truth and lies about 50 percent of the time, and traditional lie detector machines average around 85 percent.)
Both companies are confident that within months, judges will allow fMRI results to be admitted in trials. Despite the corporate confidence that Cephos and No Lie exude, legal scholars, neuroscientists and ethicists are much less optimistic.
The technology behind the fMRI is relatively simple. Slide a human being wired with electrodes into a tube that is essentially a large magnet. Measure blood flow in the brain and produce an image that is filled with bright and dark spots. The fMRI reads your brain in real time by measuring the flow and use of oxygen.
The theory behind the fMRI's ability to detect a lie is based on human physiology. It takes more effort to tell a lie than to tell the truth, so, if you are lying, your brain works harder and more oxygen is used. Put the person in an fMRI machine, ask questions and interpret the relatively bright and dark spots.
Throughout the United States, fMRIs are used in labs and hospitals to study brain injuries, states of meditation, physical centers of mental disorders, happiness, lust, emotional states and a plethora of other states of mind. But the attacks of 9/11 gave a whole new urgency to the idea.
Jonathan Moreno, a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress and author of Mind Wars: Brain Research and National Defense, estimates that at least 50 U.S. labs began studying the use of neuroscience and lie detection after 9/11, many of them funded by the Department of Defense.
“There's enormous pressure coming from the government for this,” says Paul Root Wolpe, a bioethicist at the University of Pennsylvania. “There is reason to believe a lot of money and effort is going into creating these technologies.”
But as quickly as the interest has grown, so, too, have concerns over its implications.
Henry T. Greely, a Stanford University law professor and a leading critic of using fMRI for lie detection, argues that there are three fundamental problems. First, there is no evidence that the technology works. Second, there's no evidence that lies can be detected. And third, there's no regulation of the field. In effect, Greely says, “Anyone can promise anything.”
They reject the claim of high lie-detecting accuracy, largely because the experiments are conducted in controlled settings. Cephos and No Lie base their results on studies with students being dishonest and honest in artificial situations. Greely says such studies tell us nothing about real life.
Ethicists, too, are alarmed. Although the emphasis these days is on the accused proving their innocence, giving credence to the technology could invite misuse or abuse.
The MacArthur Foundation's Law and Neuroscience Project is one of a series of initiatives across the United States trying to make sense of the burgeoning use of neuroscience in legal matters.
According to Michael S. Gazzaniga, the project's director, “The risk that science rejected for use in courts–due to the stringent requirements for accuracy–may still be used widely in society for other purposes is always present.”
The traditional lie detector device–which requires hooking the subject up to wires to record pulse, blood pressure and breathing–burst into the world in the 1920s when medical student John Larson and police officer Leonarde Keeler announced they had created a truth machine.
The lie detector test has had a troubled history ever since. Ken Alder, a historian at Northwestern University and author of The Lie Detectors: The History of An American Obsession, describes the concept of using technology to sort out truth and lies as “uniquely American.”
Greely, Wolpe and others detect two major conceptual mistakes in the whole idea of lie detection. First, measuring the actions of the brain does not tell you anything about what the brain is actually thinking. Second, lying should be judged not by machines but by people.
It's similar to a fundamental dilemma. What does the classic lie detector actually measure? Is a change in pulse and blood pressure evidence of a lie or simply evidence of nervousness?
Alder's exhaustive exploration of how a technological obsession can go wrong is rife with examples of what Gazzaniga worries about.
Despite the Supreme Court's 1998 rejection of lie detector technology on the grounds that it was not reliable, lie detectors are still used in job interviews, security clearances and interrogations.
In April 2008, the Pentagon started issuing hand-held lie detectors to soldiers in Afghanistan. It argued that the device's inaccuracy didn't matter so long as it gave soldiers an edge in confronting possible terrorists. This “erring on the side of technology” over reality is what scares many observers with the growth of fMRI technology.
Jonathan Marks, a bioethicist at Penn State University who studies interrogation techniques in the war on terror, says the use of fMRIs could, in fact, increase the use of torture.
“[P]eople [could] begin to say, ‘the fMRI picked them out as a terrorist so let us give them a going over in the interrogation room,' ” says Marks. “Contrary to the view that fMRI will render torture obsolete, it might become a license for further abuse of detainees because its readings will convince people that they have a terrorist on their hands.”
Nightmare scenarios, like the ones Marks suggests, have the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) concerned.
Barry Steinhardt, director of the ACLU's Technology and Liberty Project, says fMRIs need to be kept in check.
“There are certain things that have such powerful implications for our society–and for humanity at large–that we have a right to know how they are being used so that we can grapple with them as a democratic society,” says Steinhardt. “These brain-scanning technologies are far from ready for forensic uses and, if deployed, will inevitably be misused and misunderstood.”
The Fight
Every morning during the warm months for the last 10 years, I've been attacked by mosquitoes while sitting at my desk early in the morning in my classroom. Most of the time when I try to swat the blood-thirsty suckers midair, I miss and they quickly scurry through the air in a frantic jittery dance to safety.
But this mosquito this day did not fly off. They came at me boldly, caution thrown to the wind. It was the strangest thing. It kept coming at me, not like most mosquitoes that seem to flit about with an'll-get-around-to-biting-you-soon-enough attitude. No, this little bug charged straight at me in a Kamikaze dive-bomb.
And as I swatted and slapped at the thing, it just kept driving in hard and fast, zooming right up the middle, faking left, darting right, diving to my legs, hitting my flank, then up to my chest, then my ear, to my neck as I frantically swooshed my hands around my body, looking like a lunatic swatting and slashing and slapping at the air. But the thing just kept coming. It wouldn't stop. Over and over and over again.
I couldn't believe how committed this thing was!
And you know what? I have no idea whether the thing bit me or not. I could never get a good bearing on it. It may have won that little skirmish, or simply flew away, disgusted with the cowardly display of unmanly panic I displayed over a tiny bug. But it doesn't matter.
That funny little mosquito taught me something important about persistence and goals and success, about life, really (I know, sorta sad when a grown man has to learn something profound from an insect).
Mosquito Boldness 101
You see, this mosquito of uncommon valor, saw what it wanted, and went straight to the source with every intention of hitting its mark. There was no surveying the landscape. No testing the waters. My assailant had no intention of slowly working its way up to the feast, starting slow and building nerve. No, it simply attacked. Driving and driving and driving with impressive determination, persistence and zeal as it pushed harder and harder scrambling to hit its mark.
Do we do that? When we get swatted by life, do we fly back into the game? Do we go up the middle? Do we keep pushing?
What do you want out of life? What kind of marriage do you want? What kind of relationship do you want with your kids? What kind of man or woman do you want to be? What kind of goals do you want to reach? What kind of life do you want to live? Are you doing everything you can do to create it? I mean, really, are doing whatever it takes? Are you committed to victory no matter what? Are you in it for good?
A Modern David and Goliath … sort of
Just my finger nail alone is something like 10 or 15 times larger than that mosquito was. Not to mention my hand. Or my whole 6'4” frame flailing about. That little dude didn't stand a chance. And yet there it was fighting against a giant for what it wanted. It would have been the same had I gone up against a Tyrannosaurus Rex on steroids with only a sharp itchy stick in my hand!
Is that the kind of determination you have? Do you have that kind of stamina? Is that the drive you have when you pursue your goals? If not, why not?
Are you hurting in life? Has the economy crashed down on top of you? Does it feel like your family is starting to fall apart? Is work overwhelming? Is your business teetering on the edge of collapse? Have you fallen off the wagon again?
Embrace your inner Mosquito
Life can be exciting and adventurous. But it can also be profoundly difficult. Are you ready to take a stab at life like my mosquito took a stab at me? Are you willing to fly hard and push and push and push until the mountain has been moved?
That is, after all, the blessing behind the trial. We are given opportunities in life to test our stamina, to build our backbone, to rise to the occasion and fly like that mosquito did with total abandon toward its mark. That is the test, the dividing point between those who are crushed by life and those who become something grander than they ever imagined they could be.
Sometimes our problems loom very large before us. But if a little mosquito can muster the nerve and wherewithal to attack a giant, I trust that you can attack the giants in your life too!
So let your inner mosquito free and go at it!
Sharing is Caring!
I would deeply appreciate your help. If you have found my writing to be of value, please Tweet and Like and otherwise share what you find here with others.
Amazon is expanding its latest brick-and-mortar retail experiment beyond an internal employee beta today, letting Amazon Prime members order groceries online for pickup during designated windows at two locations in the company's hometown.
[Follow-up: We tried the new AmazonFresh Pickup service in Seattle, and this is what happened]
The broader launch of the AmazonFresh Pickup service, in Seattle's Ballard and SoDo neighborhoods, also brings new details about how the pickup process works. Amazon says in an online FAQ that it “may use license plates to automatically recognize your vehicle when you arrive,” helping the company quickly match arriving customers with their orders. Customers can opt out of automatic check-in from their settings.
That new detail helps to explain the high-tech signs installed at each parking spot.
In an order by GeekWire this morning, the AmazonFresh Pickup site didn't ask for our license plate number. Instead, the system makes the match on site during a customer's first pickup and then remembers the license plate for future pickups.
In addition, it's now clear how Amazon will differentiate the service between normal Amazon Prime members and those who pay an extra $15/month for an Amazon Prime Fresh Add-on membership, which is required for the company's grocery delivery service.
For the pickup service, Amazon Prime Fresh members will have an extra luxury — the option to pick up their groceries in as little as 15 minutes after ordering. Regular Amazon Prime members, who only pay for the base $99/year membership fee, choose from two-hour pickup windows on a first-come, first-served basis.
As you can see above, we've successfully placed our order for pickup this morning, and we'll post about the experience later on GeekWire.
GeekWire first discovered Amazon's plans for the pickup service via planning documents. AmazonFresh Pickup initially launched in March at the two Seattle locations, but it has been available only to employees until now. The company hasn't given a timeline for any further expansion.
This is part of a broader push by the online retail giant into brick-and-mortar stores. Amazon has opened seven bookstores across the country, most recently in New York City, and the company has announced an additional six bookstores that are on the way.
The Amazon Go automated convenience store in downtown Seattle, unveiled last year, is still open only to the company's employees, for the time being. The public opening of Amazon Go has been delayed amid reports of technical glitches in its automated system.
THE tennis world, according to Andre Agassi, is Nick Kyrgios' oyster — but desire, rather than talent, will ultimately decide how far the Australian firebrand advances.
Former No.1 Agassi contrived one of the most extraordinary careers, morphing from prodigious to profligate before carving out a celebrated record, crowned by eight grand slam titles.
Once rebellious — like Kyrgios is now — Agassi, now 46, retired as a tennis sage, hugely respected and admired.
The American, in Melbourne as a keynote speaker for Telstra, believes Kyrgios can forge a similar career.
“He can make the jump when they wake up tomorrow, the rest is up to him,” the Las Vegan said.
“I find them a fascinating talent and a fascinating person in that he's still young and clear in their feelings towards the game and their openness to speak it.
“You can try to analyse the demons they need to overcome, but they need to come to terms with what they want for himself.
“Tennis is an innocent bystander in that dilemma.”
media_camera Andre Agassi likes Nick Kyrgios' openness. Picture: AFP
Asked if the world No.15 had the ability to eventually triumph at grand slam level and reach No.1, Agassi said: “From just a talent perspective, absolutely.
“But you have to solve further problems. You don't reach No.1 with peaks and valleys.
“You have to really balance that out to accomplish that part of it.”
“You can win grand slams with peaks and valleys, two weeks of heaven ... but to be No.1 requires a sustainable effort that doesn't allow for that kind of tumultuous ride.”
Agassi urged Kyrgios to make good on plans to build a team, including a coach and strength conditioner, as part of their tilt at the top.
“He obviously needs some form of inspiration to engage and they need to put a team around them to allow them to execute those changes daily,” Agassi said.
“Simple is good, taking time for yourself and being around people who are honest and good for you, being honest with yourself and figuring out where tennis fits in.
“I'm always amazed when I look back at my life and hating tennis. It's like hating an inanimate object. Tennis is what you want to be.”
media_camera Andre Agassi with then-coach Darren Cahill with and the Australian Open trophy in 2003 at Melbourne Park.
Ranked No.1 in 1995, Agassi was considered a faded force two years later when their ranking ballooned to No.140.
They returned to dominate the sport, particularly the Australian Open, which they won four times.
One of the most influential characters in their life is Adelaide's Darren Cahill, who helped guide Agassi to become the oldest man in history to hold the No.1 ranking in 2003.
“I've never met a person who cares more about the game,” Agassi said.
“I've never met a person with more knowledge of the game and quite frankly I've never met a person who's more professional.
“The man takes care of their business tirelessly, both on the home front and the balance of life and their work.
“He does it without complaint. He's a pleasure to watch
“I consider Darren one of the great over-achievers in life and quite frankly, I would hire Darren for anything.”
It's forty-one years since the metric conversion process began in Australia, and thirty years ago the Metric Conversion Board lowered their flag, produced their last report and said “Mission Accomplished.”
So what has changed? Just about everything, that's what!
Here's a photo of what's in my kitchen cupboard: a kilo of flour, a liter of vinegar, a 100 gram jar of coffee. The water bottle is 600 mL, as that size replaced the Imperial pint. You can also get 1 L and 2 L sizes for milk and other liquids. The plastic container of pasta at the back has a capacity of two liters, and that size is stamped on the base; a lot of storage containers are marked like that.
(Note: All the photos in this article, plus a few extra are available here: http://www.imgur.com/a/hYZjb at a slightly larger size)
A loaf of bread is usually 680 g, as that replaced the 1½ pound loaf, but you find other sizes. The labels on the supermarket shelves include comparison prices (in $ per kilo or $ per 100 g) to make it easy to compare prices of different-sized packets.
All of the products except the tin at the far right are labelled in metric units only. The only ounces or fluid ounces I ever see are on goods intended for the US or UK markets.
Beer is sold in 750 mL “long necks” or 375 mL “stubbies.” Wine is also in 750mL bottles, or in casks (Americans call it box wine) of two or three liters.
Traffic signs are all metric. Speed limits are in kilometers per hour (abbreviated km/h), distances in kilometers and height clearances in meters. Speed limits are usually 40 or 50 km/h around built-up areas, 60 km/h on arterial roads, 80 or 100 km/h (sometimes 110) on highways.
Walking and cycle tracks have distances marked in kilometres or meters on signposts. In fact, unless the distance is meters the unit is omitted, so if you see a sign saying “City 5.3” you can correctly assume it is kilometers.
Cars have had metric nuts and bolts for years, the same as the US, and we buy gas and oil by the litre. Engine capacity is in litres and power is in kilowatts instead of horsepower.
My gas meter reads in cubic meters and my water meter clicks over a notch every time a liter flows through it. Electricity bills have always been in kilowatt-hours, and on gas bills they convert the cubic meters into the energy consumption in megajoules (MJ) where it used to be in therms. (1 therm = 100 000 BTU)
At the hardware store, what you would call a “2 by 4” and we used to call a “4 by 2” is now sometimes advertized as 100 x 50 mm and sometimes as 90 x 45 mm. Timber is sold by the metre or in lengths which are multiples of 1200 mm to match the standard 1200 x 2400 mm plywood and plasterboard. (2 x 4s are actually a bit smaller than the advertized size, the metric dimension is the finished size.)
Nails and screws are listed with descriptions like “Nails, Bullet Head, Galvanised, 75 x 3.75 mm” and you can buy them in packs of 2 kg or more if you are building something big. Wood screws and self-tapping screws are described by length in millimeters but their thickness is by gauge. Some old measures keep hanging on.
Plumbing fittings, electrical conduits, switches: all their sizes are in millimeters, but I think the British Standard Pipe Thread might outlast civilization itself. I used to install water-saving showerheads and their flow was listed as 9.5 liters per minute.
The standard ceiling height for houses is 2400 mm (7ft 10½ ins) which was dropped from 8ft to accommodate a rational metric size. A standard door is 2040 mm high, about 6ft 8in. The builders do everything in millimeters; there are no centimeters and no misplaced decimal points.
Buying an appliance? Airconditioners, heaters and stoves all do their cooking in degrees Celsius. The capacity of your refrigerator is measured in liters. It's easy to envision an array of milk cartons that the fridge will hold when making comparisons. The capacity of a washing machine or dryer is in kilograms.
TVs (and computer monitors) are usually measured in centimeters, but you still see a lot of them advertised in inches for the screen size. The dimensions of all products, appliances, furniture, curtains, bedsheets, is always in millimeters or centimeters and their weight is in kilograms.
Paper sizes changed, too. Australia previously used the British sizes with strange names like Octavo and Foolscap, and odd ratios of height to width. Now, ISO 216 sizes are used everywhere. Standard writing paper is A4, 210 x 297 mm; two of them side by side are an A3 poster-sized sheet if you turn it through 90º, and an A4 folded in half is an A5 which is suitable for a pocket notebook.
This makes things easy for enlarging and reducing on a photocopier; you scale the original up by 41% or down to 71% to get to the next size. You see fliers, bills, newsletters, posters, catalogs, brochures; all of them based on the A-series paper size.
Weather forecasts are all metric, as is information in the news. Temperatures are in degrees Celsius, rainfall in millimeters and wave heights in meters at sea, but wind speed is in knots for shipping and km/h on land.
When they were discussing irrigation and river flows on the news a while ago, (a hot topic on a continent that is mostly desert,) we heard about megaliters and gigaliters. That's a thousand and a million metric tons of water. A serious amount of water.
The language hasn't changed a lot. People still use terms like footage, mileage and say “going the extra mile,” but in describing metric measurements people will say so many ‘mil' for millimeters or milliliters, and say ‘kilos' for kilograms. The next pub might be a few ‘kays' down the road.
There are still a few minor problems. Clothing sizes for one. For mens' trousers and shirts it's just a matter of measuring the neck or waist in centimeters. For womens' clothing there is a supposedly standard set of sizes, but no two manufacturers are alike. Also, sizes have inflated over the years, as we have become a nation with a larger waistline. (I remember seeing a cartoon of a woman telling their husband “Size twelve? No, much too big. Get me a size ten, and make sure it's the biggest size ten they've got.”)
Shoe sizes are much the same. My feet are the English size 9 but I wonder, 9 what? Why can't they just measure the length from toe to heel? That's how they do it for the flip-flops (thongs) you wear on the beach.
You can't get incandescent light bulbs any more, they are all compact fluorescents, so instead of bulbs being described in watts, which is a measure of the power they consume, the output is described in lumens, and I have yet to learn how many lumens my living room needs.
There are still a few Imperial holdovers: some pubs serve craft beers in pints, people still ask about the weight of new-born babies in pounds, and computer typography is 72 (and a tiny bit) points to the inch. But on the whole, metric conversion is complete. Of course, there are lots of older buildings and a lot of industrial machinery, railway track, roads, bridges and dams built in Imperial measurements which will need maintaining for a long time, but they aren't a major problem, and everything new is in metric measurements.
We have an entire generation of adults who have grown up using metric measures, and I don't know anyone who would want to change back. And kids at school don't need to wonder why there are sixteen ounces to the pound, fourteen pounds to the stone, and twelve inches to the foot.
Peter Goodyear
Footnote:
You can download a copy of the Metric Conversion Board's final report, Metrication in Australia if you click on this link: http://themetricmaven.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/03/Metrication-in-Australia-built-2013-06-24.pdf
It's a PDF document, fairly short, (127 pages,) but quite comprehensive in covering the background of the decision to change to metric, how the change was accomplished and the notable successes and failures encountered on the way.
The story of how it came to be publicly available is interesting, and is documented here: http://themetricmaven.com/?p=3612
KOLKATA: India, probably the world, will get its first transgender college principal when Manabi Bandopadhyay takes charge of Krishnagar Women's College in West Bengal on June 9. Manabi is currently associate professor in Bengali at Vivekananda Satobarshiki Mahavidyalaya.“This decision was taken by the College Service Commission. I don't interfere in their decisions. They are aware of our open mind. I am happy with this decision,” state education minister Partha Chatterjee said on Tuesday.Technical education minister Ujjal Biswas, who is chairperson of the college governing body, said: “We were in need of a principal with a strong personality to run the college smoothly.”Welcoming the decision, Rattan Lal Hangloo, vice-chancellor of the Kalyani University to which Krishnagar Women's College is affiliated, said, “Manabi is a fine human being, a good academician and an able administrator. We are hopeful their appointment will empower other members of the transgender community.”On Tuesday morning, Manabi visited the college, sporting Raybans glasses, curly hair done up in a careless coiffure. Accompanied by their adopted son Debasish Manabiputro and transgender friend Jyoti Samanta, they were untouched by the excitement around them “It is not the post that I sought after. My 92-year-old father lives in Naihati. I took up this offer because I knew it will help me stay close by and look after him. My new colleagues had seen me on television but I had only heard their voices. I wanted to meet them personally before joining,” they said.Breaking Barriers: Manabi at Krishnagar Women's College.A beaming Debasish said: “Maa wanted to pay a surprise visit. So, we tagged along.”Colleagues and students are excited. “Manabi Bandopadhyay is a strong individual. They have faced many upheavals. We are optimistic about the development of the college during their tenure.  They are a celebrity and their sexual orientation isn't an issue for us,” said Jayasree Mondal, assistant professor, geography. Bengali assistant professor Prakash Mondal said: “She is free-spirited. They have a good command over their subject. This college has not had any principal for long. We are happy to have them as our principal.”Student Payal Mallick considers them an inspiration. “She is a celebrity. It is good news that we are getting them as our principal,” they said.Manabi is flooded by calls and friend requests on social networking sites. Jyoti, who ekes out a living playing women in jatras, said, “Manabidi is an inspiration for us. Today, people back home have accepted my identity. I have even portrayed my own fate in a play that dealt with the plight of transgenders. Manabidi's news is a great boost for me. I am taking their help to undergo sex realignment.”Manabi realizes that problems are aplenty and a lot remains to be done. “Even today parents think that this is a mental health issue. A few days back, a boy from Burdwan committed suicide when they couldn't stand the pressure from their parents, who wanted them to take psychiatric help because they were a transgender,” they said.While sex realignment surgery is a dream for many, very few can afford it. “I have come across boys who don't have support from their parents and cannot get operated upon without their consent. They resort to birth control pills, hoping that the high estrogen will help them feel like women. But they don't realize that these pills will cause more harm than good,” Manabi said.
When the first modern humans reached the shores of Australia, they set foot in a world that was completely unlike anything they had ever seen before. More than 98 million years ago, the Australian continent started drifting apart from Antarctica, with which it had formed the southern supercontinent Gondwana, and set out to do its own thing. Australia's flora and fauna developed in isolation, resulting in many groups of animals and plants that are unique to the Australian continent.
At the time of human arrival, Australia was home to a fauna dominated by large animals. There were giant marsupial mammals (mammals that carry their young in an external pouch) such as the hippopotamus-sized Diprotodon and the giant short-faced kangaroo Procoptodon, several species of egg-laying mammals (of which only two, the platypus and short-faced echidna, persists today), the largest of monitor lizards ever to stomp the earth, Varanus priscus, and a group of very large, flightless birds, the Dromornithidae. All these magnificent beasts have since disappeared. Are we to blame? Two new studies suggest that, indeed, we are.
It seems a straightforward case. Modern humans appear, animals disappear, ergo, humans are to blame. It is a scenario that we have observed over and over again, and all over the globe, in the past as well as today. But scientists have been debating the causes of the extinction of Australia's megafauna for decades. Europe had been populated by various species of hominids before the arrival of modern humans, but modern humans were the first hominid to reach Australia. The arrival of modern humans in Australia provides us therefore with a unique case to understand the impact of humans on pristine ecosystems.
Scientists have pointed out that the disappearance of the megafauna coincided with a period of significantly drier climates that led to a shift in vegetation and resulting in the extinction of many species of megafauna. Therefore, they argue, climate must have been the bad guy. Others have argued that hunting by humans resulted in megafaunal extinction. Large-bodied species with low rates of reproduction would have been particularly susceptible to pressure from hunting, even at low human population densities. A third scenario involves a combination of these two main theories: megafaunal populations already under stress because of changing climates and vegetation could have easily been pushed over the edge by being hunted by humans.
The exact order and timing of events is crucial in solving the Australian megafaunal extinction case. What is the earliest evidence for the presence of modern humans in Australia, and when do we see species disappearing from the fossil record? This is where things become complicated. Fossil and archaeological evidence for the very first arrival of modern humans in Australia is plagued with uncertainties regarding age and origin, but most palaeoanthropologist agree that this must have happened at least 50 000 years ago. This time period sits right at the limit of where we can confidently date fossilized bones using radiocarbon dating (radiocarbon, or C14, dating becomes unreliable beyond ~50 000 years). Added to that is the fact that the fossil record is inherently incomplete; even when one does manage to reliably date the last (i.e. youngest) fossil specimen of Diprotodon or a dromornithid, the Signor-Lipps effect makes it unlikely that your specimen was actually the very last of its kind. Things are never as easy as they seem.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The largest known marsupial, Diprotodon optatum, from the Pleistocene of Australia.
Photograph: Alamy
In a new paper, Saltré and colleagues describe how they have tackled this issue by taking a metadata approach. They assessed the reliability of the fossil ages reported for a large number of megafaunal and modern human remains according to a list of criteria. Only those fossil ages deemed reliable were incorporated in to a statistical model that estimates the most likely time window for the first arrival of modern humans and the extinction windows for 16 genera of megafauna.
According to the model, modern humans arrived around 55 600 years ago. The extinctions of the 16 genera of mammals happened almost synchronously and peak at 42 100 years ago. This places the presence of modern humans well before the megafaunal extinctions. With roughly 13 500 years of overlap between the two, this leaves sufficient time for small groups of modern humans to disperse across Australia and extirpate the megafauna.
But what about the climate, you say? The calculated megafaunal extinction windows were held against a number of high-resolution climate variables, such as temperature and precipitation, but no evidence for a correlation between the timing of extinction and the observed variation in climate was found. In fact, climatic variations during the extinction event were less extreme than in the period prior to extinction, indicating that extinction of Australia's megafauna was not correlated to changes in climatic variability.
Despite humans and megafauna coexisting for at least 13,500 years, direct evidence for humans preying on megafauna is rare. A second recent paper, by Miller and colleagues, takes a closer look at the extinction of Genyornis, a two-metre- tall member of the Dromornithidae, that family of large flightless relatives of ducks and geese. Eggshell fragments of Genyornis are present in a number of sites across Australia from almost 100,000 years ago to their extinction around 50,000 years ago, but burnt eggshell fragments only occur within a narrow time window between 54,000 and 43,000 years ago. These burnt eggshell fragments have been blackened irregularly and chemical analyses shows that amino acids within the eggshell have been denaturalized from heat along a steep gradient along the eggshell. This suggests that the eggs were exposed to a localized heat source, such as a human cooking fire, rather than a raging wildfire, and that humans were preying on Genyornis. The occurrence of burnt Genyornis eggshells overlaps with the estimated time window of the bird's extinction, as well as the presence of modern humans across Australia, and points towards human predation as a major cause in the extinction of Genyornis.
Unburnt, and burnt fragment of Genyornis eggshells. Modified from Miller et al. 2016 Photograph: Gifford Miller
Despite the fossil record's incomplete and biased nature, the available evidence indicates that human predation, rather than climate change, was the main driver of the disappearance of Australia's megafauna. As scientists continue to develop more sophisticated tools to tackle these uncertainties and biases, the fog over the extinction of Australia's magnificent beasts will slowly lift.
Saltré, F., Rodríguez-Rey, M., Brook, B.W., Johnson, C.N., Turney, C.S.M., Alroy, J., Cooper, A., Beeton, N., Bird, M.I., Fordham, D.A., Gillespie, R., Herrando-Pérez, S., Jacobs, Z., Miller, G.H., Nogués-Bravo, D., Prideaux, G.J., Roberts, R.G., & Bradshaw, C.J.A. 2016. Climate change not to blame for late Quaternary megafauna extinctions in Australia. Nature Communications 7, doi:10.1038/ncomms10511
Miller, G., Magee, J., Smith, M., Spooner, N., Baynes, A., Lehman, S., Fogel, M., Johnston, H., Williams,D., Clark, P., Florian, C., Holst, R., & DeVogel, S. 2016. Human predation contributed to the extinction of the Australian megafaunal bird Genyornis newtoni ~47 ka. Nature Communications 7, doi:10.1038/ncomms10496
This and the next post will walk you through how to create digital art similar to Evaporation. I'll also show you some Python code you can use yourself to experiment.
There are three significant features of Evaporation. First is the randomness of the colors. Second — if you look closely — the sizes of the circles are also different; these are randomly generated as well. The third feature is the gradient of the color — from a pure sky blue at the top, to a fairly randomly colored row of circles at the bottom. We'll look at the first two features today.
Let's look at color. In the figure above, the small teal square at the left has RGB values of 0, 0.5, and 0.7, respectively. The larger square at the left consists of 100 smaller squares. The color of each of these squares is generated by adding a random number between 0 and 0.1 to each of the RGB values 0, 0.5, and 0.7 — with a different random number added to each value. In the middle square, a random number between 0 and 0.2 is added, so this creates a wider range of color values. For the right square, the random numbers added are between 0 and 0.3.
But there is no reason that the ranges need to the same for each color. In the images below, the red values have a wider range of randomness then the green, which is “more random” than the blue.
You can see that different ranges of random numbers create different color “textures.” This is where I think computer meets art — as a programmer, when it comes to creating random numbers, you have to specify a range for the randomness of each variable. The choices you make determine how your image looks. How do you make “artistic” choices? There is no easy answer, of course.
Another way to use randomness is by varying the size of the graphic objects. In the left square below, texture is created by randomly changing the radii of the circles.
In the middle square, the circles are all the same size, but random shades of gray. The right square varies both the size of the circles and their color. The final result depends on “how much” randomness is used. You can try it for yourself by altering the Python code linked to below — change the randomness and see what happens!
I think of my laptop as an art laboratory. It is a place to experiment with different ideas — change this parameter, increase randomness, try out different color combinations. Can you imagine creating any of the images in this post by hand? The computer allows us to perform experiments unthinkable to Rembrandt and Van Gogh. We may lose the texture of brush strokes or the dimensionality of paint on canvas, but what we gain by having a programming language at our disposal makes up for this loss. At least in my opinion….
Now let's look at how we can use Python to create these images. You can experiment with this color and texture worksheet.
There is not much more to say here since a lot is explained in the worksheet. But as you are creating, keep a few things in mind.
1. Use descriptive variable names. This helps a lot when you're looking a line of code. Using variables a, b, c, etc., doesn't help much when you're looking at a program you wrote a few months ago.
2. Comment liberally! Notes to yourself are easy to use in Python — just start a line (or part of a line) with the “\#” character. You'll thank yourself later.
3. Save versions often! I won't bore you with stories of using Mathematica to do some intense computations for creating digital art — and then read the “Mathematica quit unexpectedly” message on my screen — before I saved my work. I've encountered this in Python, too — if you use the online version, you're connecting to an external server, which hopefully will not encounter problems while you're working….
Also, as you change parameters, you may want to keep track of results you like. If there are a lot of these, sometimes I write the parameters as comments — so I can reproduce them later. Very important: don't forget to keep track of the random number seed you use! The feel and texture of an image can vary dramatically with the random number seed, so don't ignore this vital parameter.
One final thought. In creating this type of art, I keep in mind the tension between structure and randomness. You can use the computer to create randomness — but if there's too much randomness, the image doesn't seem to hang together. But if there's too much structure, the image can lose its interesting texture, and appear flat and purely two-dimensional. So the choice of parameters in creating randomness is fairly crucial in determining how the final image will look. And as I've said before — this is where technology meets art. It is fairly easy to create a computer-generated image — but not as easy to create computer-generated art. The difference is not exactly easy to describe — and certainly opinions will differ. It is the questions which arise in describing the difference which are intriguing and exciting.
Enough philosophizing. Time to begin the artistic process! Feel free to comment by posting any images you create using the Python code.
WASHINGTON, DC — The Lincoln Memorial was vandalized with a spray painted obscenity in large red letters on a pillar at the monument, The National Park Service announced.
The graffiti was found at about 4:30 a.m. Tuesday, officials said. It appears to say "F--- Law."
A preservation crew is working to remove the graffiti and using a "mild, gel-type architectural paint stripper" to avoid damaging the stone, a press release from The National Park Service says. Officials say they will continue to clean until the evidence of the graffiti is gone.
A Smithsonian sign on Constitution Avenue was also spray painted silver with an indecipherable statement, park officials say.
Paper covers the spot wher someone sprayed red paint on the Lincoln Memorial. The Park Service if trying to clean it pic.twitter.com/FLhHihOU8k
— Sam Ford (@ABC7Sam) August 15, 2017
Back in February, someone defaced three D.C. national monuments — the Lincoln Memorial, Washington Monument and World War II Memorial — with permanent marker, scrawling bizarre messages referencing the assassination of John F. Kennedy and the Sept. 11, 2001 terror attacks.
Like the Washington, DC Patch Facebook page to stay up to date with all local news:
Police are searching for a suspect in this incident. Anyone with information on the vandalism is asked to contact U.S. Park Police at 202-610-7515.
Photo: The National Park Service
It takes a special flavor of nutty to take a $25,000 superbike and convert it from a track-focused speed machine into a knobby-tired off-roader. MotoCorsa is exactly that kind of nuts.
The Portland-based Ducati dealer has taken the all-conquering 1199 Panigale S – the superbike of the moment – and transformed it into something that's able to tackle the trails. If just.
"We do an annual off-road trip with a few friends, down in Southeastern Oregon, out in the middle of nowhere," MotoCorsa's general manager Arun Sharma told RideApart. “I had a set of Continental TKC80s to put on it, when one of my friends comes in and says, 'You know what you should do? Put those TKCs on the Panigale!'"
Thus began a chain of events that would make the world's first – and only – Ducati 1199 Panigale TerraCorsa.
Surprisingly, it didn't take much to get the Ducati off-road-ready. After mounting the tires on a separate set of wheels with different brake discs, the team from MotoCorsa dropped the front forks as low as possible and raised the ride height of the shocks to give it a bit more ground clearance. "It probably only got us a half inch or so, but that's something," says Sharma. And because the Panigale's suspension is adjustable using the onboard computer, MotoCorsa was able to soften up the ride for running through the rough stuff by just poking around on the settings.
After that, they made a skid plate out of a stock 1199 exhaust to protect the undercarriage and the expensive Termignoni pipes, and coated the fairings and bodywork in military-style matte beige. Then it was time to tackle the trails.
Fire roads, dirt paths, open fields ... They made a perfect playground for the TerraCorsa. And according to Sharma, it handled it all surprisingly well. "We were in the middle of nowhere with no excuses. There's nowhere we went that the Panigale didn't just go right along with us. It was super impressive."
Even more impressive is the fact that Sharma says it won't take much to convert the 1199 back to its original spec. "Now, we're just going to put the bike back into track form, and I'll be [at] a track day on it down at Thunderhill next month."
The video below gives you a brief taste of the action, including the world's greatest motorcycle park job.
PARIS, France (CNN) -- More than 1 million workers demonstrated in France to pressure the government to do more to combat the economic downturn, French authorities told CNN.
Workers protest in Marseille to demand a boost to wages and greater protection form the crisis.
Workers from the public sector, schools, and the transportation sector walked off the job Thursday along with some air traffic controllers. That was affecting air travel, particularly domestic flights.
Police estimated 1.2 million demonstrators participated nationwide, with 85,000 in Paris alone.
The CGT (General Confederation of Labor), France's largest labor union, estimated more than 3 million demonstrators nationwide and more than 200 demonstrations.
Subway trains and buses were operating, but regional trains were badly affected by the strikes.
It is the second major labor action in two months, after workers went on strike in January.
Strikes and protests were held in more than 200 cities and towns across the country.
The demonstrators' grievances are varied, but they are unified in their displeasure with the government's handling of the economic crisis.
President Nicolas Sarkozy told cabinet ministers Wednesday that they "understands the concerns of the French people," but that their government has ruled out new social spending, saying its top priority remains to protect jobs and industry, according to the French news agency, Agence France-Presse.
Sarkozy also rejected calls by unions and the opposition to suspend a 50-percent cap on income tax, arguing that it would drive wealthy taxpayers abroad, AFP reported.
CNN's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report.
The whitefly is having a devastating effect across East Africa by spreading viruses to the cassava plant, a staple food in the region. An infestation can decimate an entire harvest, leading to economic hardship and famine.
While they look identical, there are actually many species of whitefly. In order to develop resistant crops, they must be distinguished and the best way to do this is to examine their genetic differences.
Professor Laura Boykin and their colleagues at the University of Western Australia have been collecting whiteflies, extracting the insect DNA, and using sequencing machines to generate their genome.
To make sense of the billions of genetic base pairs, researchers have to apply sophisticated algorithms, to genetically distinguish the flies. That process takes significant computational resource. It takes a supercomputer like Magnus.
Magnus is Pawsey Supercomputing Centre in Perth's flagship machine, and one of the most powerful supercomputers in Australia. The most powerful is Raijin, operated by National Computational Infrastructure (NCI) at the Australian National University.
But Australia's two Tier 1 high performance computing (HPC) research facilities are in “urgent” need of a refresh. Their supercomputers are fast approaching end-of-life, just as demand from academics needing to compute power to crunch massive datasets is rising.
It's not hyberbolic – given research such as Boykins' – to say there are lives at stake.
"HPC and genomics is the future," Boykin told Computerworld. "Building capacity at the integration of these two disciples is key to solving huge problems – like famine in East Africa."
Professor Laura Boykin with farmers near Mbinga, Tanzania. Credit: Laura Boykin
Rank slip
There comes a point in every supercomputer's lifecycle when they are not so super anymore.
When it became fully operational in 2014, Pawsey's petascale system Magnus was the 41st most powerful computer in the world.
By 2015 it had slipped to 58 on the LINPACK Benchmark Top500 ranking. The latest list, released last month, placed Magnus at 111.
“The problem is computed technology – in many ways it accelerates faster than you'd like it to!” says David Schibeci, head of supercomputing at Pawsey. “At a certain point, we understand that all supercomputers have an end of life.”
The support contract for Magnus – which is currently running at near capacity – lapses in September. Pawsey has received a government funding boost to cover its next two years of operations.
“Part of that money will be to extend that support contract so we can still look after Magnus,” Schibeci explains.
The NCI's Raijin supercomputer currently comes in at number 70 in the world ranking, with a performance of 1.67 Petaflops – comparable to about 40,000 desktop computers working simultaneously. When it debuted in 2012, Raijin was placed at 24.
The current ranking is only thanks to an upgrade last year – paid for by an emergency government ‘Agility Fund' – which helped Raijin rise from 121st place in 2016.
“However, despite this upgrade, NCI's core computer is fast approaching the end of its serviceable life and requires urgent replacement,” the NCI said in a statement last month.
Without upgrades, vital research cannot happen, says the NCI.
“Without a replacement for NCI's current computer, the competitiveness of Australia's research will suffer and much important research will simply not be possible,” the organisation said.
It is not so much the hardware that is important, but the research it enables, says Pawsey's Schibeci.
“What is a supercomputer?" they say. "It is a very power hungry, very noisy piece of scientific equipment that allows researchers to answer their questions quicker, so they can ask the next question and the next question after that."
A few years back, as an experiment, I wrote down everything I expected me to do over the course of a week, whether it was with regards to work, home, family, time for myself. I also noted my mood, particularly my sources of frustration, and I was in for a bit of a shock: just in terms of work alone, I typically expected me to do the equivalent of 3-4 weeks work in one week.
Now think about that for a moment: If I'm maxed out by 3-4 times my capacity before I even think about anything else, including trying to be The Perfect Mother TM or Wonder Woman, I am running on empty.
I, Natalie Lue, am a recovering people pleaser and recovering perfectionist. These are habits that I don't have to be vigilant about daily but that I have trained myself to notice the signs of when I've deviated from what I know is right and true for me.
Some of my personal signs:
Trying to be in control of stuff that I'm not in control of
Spending far too long on something
Tweaking and tweaking and tweaking again
Over-giving
Not keeping it simple
A spate of forgetfulness
Cranky because I'm not voicing where I feel frustrated or out of control somewhere else
Exhaustion
Feeling as if I'm doing a trillion things at once
More than a handful of key things to do for the day
Anxiety
Resentment
Not feeling energised and lit up by what I'm doing
A frenetic energy
Wanting things yesterday so that I don't have to feel anxious about whether something will go well or badly
Feeling that I am not a success
If you're a people pleaser and perfectionist, you will have your own signs and the more awareness you have of them, is the less they take you over because you can respond to these and take you in a different direction.
I expect too much of myself. I expect in many respects, way less of myself than I ever have before–progress!–but I still expect a lot of myself.
I use these times when I expect too much, to surrender, to let go of the need to be in control, the stories and the faux inner rules that show up as a protective mechanism. The latter are rules that I've made up or internalised for how Natalie ‘should' live their life and all they do is leave me feeling guilty and anxious.
I've also learned that I don't have to comply with these expectations and that engaging in a dialogue with myself, helps me to make sense of what I'm doing and get out of autocompliance mode.
I strive to mother (and father) myself because the truth is, of course I support and encourage my daughters but I do not have the expectations of them that I had of myself when I was a kid or that were expected of me whether it was stated directly or inferred.
I say this because if you expect a lot of yourself, that is not something that's been set up in adulthood.
There are specific experiences around praise, being good, getting into trouble, performing, money, lack, your sense of responsibility and what you felt you had to be and do in order to gain love, attention, affection, approval and validation, that are driving your present-day behaviour.
I was keeping an eye on my baby brother at two years old, getting in trouble for not instinctively knowing at two who to blank, who was the enemy. I was told that I was a genius, extremely bright, so everything was under the microscope. Everyone else was free to have problems, feelings, to screw up, to have less than 100%; me, I had to fly the flag, bottle up, ‘save' everyone. A promising athlete, if I gave it my all but didn't come first, I was criticised (and likely some of it was useful feedback but probably not when couched with expletives at the track), and so I haven't really had limits, because, well, there weren't any.
There was no ‘enough'. There was no understanding your emotional, mental, physical or even spiritual energy.
Find ‘more'. Be perfect.
Of course, we are not bottomless pits.
If we keep trying to find ‘more' without respect for what we have and without respect for our minds, bodies and time, it's inevitable that we will burn out and we will always feel that we are not enough.
We believe that we are not being enough.
We believe that we are not doing enough.
We believe that we are inadequate because we don't look perfect or in line with what we think are universal standards, or we don't have the perfect background, or because we're not in the relationship/career/business/life we desire yet.
We wait for the world to cut us some slack and to say, ‘Good job', but in truth, it's us that needs to recognise it because we are holding us to a standard that no else is or can.
We're still that kid trying to please mommy/daddy/a caregiver/ a bully and we have not stopped to ask ourselves: ‘What feels good, right and true for me?'
No two people are the same. We can't even all eat the same things so we have to respect and understand our personal limits.
Those limits do not make us failures or imperfect; they make us human and with a greater potential than we would ever have by trying to be perfect and fundamentally not ourselves.
We also have to rewrite the story, after all, we can't adjust standards and expectations that we don't acknowledge are there and faulty in the first place.
The biggie that we have to acknowledge with perfectionist parents is that they behaved as they did towards us, not because of our inadequacies but because of their own sense of inadequacy and yes, sometimes using us as their opportunity to right the wrongs of their own past.
We are often resistant to challenging our, for instance, parent's concept of ‘enough' due to loyalty and on some level believing that we will stop being loved or stop having the possibility of eventually being loved, if we choose to:
1) stop pursuing this painful, impossible ideal of perfection and
2) stop being The Family Member Who Has To _______ (e.g. be super responsible, save the family, be the best, always be strong, never ask for help, always be struggling etc), so that we can let other family members keep their roles, ‘get' love and not be alienated or rejected.
This means that even though we logically know that it's bad for the business of living our life if we stick to old habits that are already proven not to work or have certainly proven that they drain us of our self-worth and self-confidence, impacting everything from our interpersonal relationships, to work, to health, that loyalty keeps us glued to the pattern because we'll feel guilty and afraid.
But when we examine our life through compassionate observation and investigation and acknowledge the true cost of continuing the pattern, and that we might be sacrificing the relationship we want, the quality of our existing relationships, our hopes, dreams and inner peace, plus that we might be doing all of this in an effort to try and make some spontaneously combust into a different person and right the wrongs of a past that's already done.
We expect too much of ourselves.
All of this ‘stuff' we're doing to be pleasing and perfect, is not only a misappropriation of our time, energy and self-esteem, but aside from all of that and it being exhausting as well, when we consider the underlying motivations for doing so (catering to the past), we are expecting the impossible.
It's not just that we expect too much of ourselves; we expect the impossible.
We are not capable of Jedi mind tricks, parting the seas, or being like that brilliant show, Quantum Leap, and able to go back to the past to fix it.
It's your time now.
You cannot change the past or even those old expectations but you can change your present and your future. It's yours for the changing.
You are not going to be task master coach today and serene and chill tomorrow, but small steps every day and commit to healing the baggage behind the pattern and healing the habit.
Next steps
Get a piece of paper and write down any and all memories that you have about not pleasing others, not being ‘good enough', and any messages that you've picked up including sayings about laziness, achieving high grades, success, being the best. Anything that springs to mind, especially anything that brings up emotion for you, contributes to your habits around people pleasing and perfectionism. Use the Unsent Letter Guide to help you with forgiveness work. Write down your ‘rules'. Any ‘shoulds' and ‘musts' are rules. Question all of them and turn ones that you want to keep into autonomous choices and lose any that are entirely unnecessary and draining. Keep a ‘What I Did Today List' so that you have a realistic concept of your time, energy and efforts. This is a shift from focusing on what you don't do, to what you do. Also write down everything that you expect you to do in a day and ask yourself: Is this what I would expect someone who I care about and respect to do? Also, review your week so that you get in the habit of internalising what you do through acknowledgement and self-praise.
You can also use Unsent Letters to query why you have these expectations and to rigorously but compassionately investigate the truthfulness and necessity of these standards.
Your thoughts?
More Help
My online course, The Breakthrough, does deep work on identifying and healing patterns, and letting go of the roles that disrupt your ability to be in the loving relationship you desire.
Tune In To Your Inner Voice is a powerful course about how to calm down your inner critic so that you stop being sabotaged and are able to be more confident within your relationships and become more of who you really are.
The Philadelphia Eagles are one of multiple teams who have shown interest in free agent defensive lineman Jared Odrick this offseason, according to ESPN's Jordan Raanan.
It's unclear if the Eagles are still interested in Odrick. One would think they wouldn't be after swapping third round picks with the Baltimore Ravens in order to acquire Timmy Jernigan in a trade.
Then again, the Eagles could have a need for more defensive line depth after Beau Allen suffered a chest/pectoral injury last week. Allen reportedly had successful surgery this week and is expected to be out until September at least. It's not guaranteed he'll be back by Week 1.
ESPN reports Odrick, 29, could sign with the Giants as New York looks to replace Johnathan Hankins. The G-Men lost their young, talented starting defensive tackle when Hankins signed a lucrative deal with the Colts on Thursday.
Even if the Eagles don't end up signing Odrick, this report is something to keep in mind for the future.
HONG KONG — If Tolstoy had written a history of foreign corporations in China, it might have started something like this: “Companies that succeed in China do so for similar reasons; every company that fails, fails in its own way.”
Since China opened up to foreign investment in the late 1970s, some of America's most powerful corporations have gone confidently into the People's Republic, only to stagger out a few years later, battered, confused, and defeated.
It's not because the businesses were incompetent. Many of the biggest failures belong to the Fortune 500: Mattel, eBay, Google, Home Depot. All of these have thrived in markets around the world, but not in China.
Why?
Some suffered from a lack of flexibility, or a failure to localize. Others fell because of bad timing, or a superior local competitor. While the causes are as varied as the industries themselves, a pattern can be discerned among the biggest failures in China: an inability to grasp just how different — and cutthroat — the Chinese market can be.
“It's a lack of understanding of the legal and cultural environment that leads to most failures,” says Shawn Mahoney, managing director of the EP China consulting group. “The only difference between a success and failure in my experience is that people who are successful are more willing to talk and learn about how things work on the ground.”
Here, we look at how four of the biggest US companies lost their way in China.
Home Depot: China's not the land of DIY
America's suburbs are full of tinkerers and home-improvement hobbyists, and Home Depot exists to serve them. With aisles upon aisles of power tools, building materials, and hardware supplies, its big-box stores are a testimony to US homeowners' do-it-yourself ethic.
On the surface, it seems like things might be similar in China. The country has a growing middle class, millions of new homeowners, and a culture of everyday ingenuity and thrift.
Wouldn't Home Depot do perfectly there?
That's what the company thought when it bought into China in 2006. The Atlanta-based firm acquired a local firm, stocked its 12 stores with tools and materials, and waited for the money to roll in.
It never did.
After six years of struggle, Home Depot shut its seven remaining stores and fired 850 workers in China.
There are several factors behind the failure. First was simply timing: Home Depot came late to China, after its competitors already had a foothold. By the time it arrived China's growth was slowing down.
Second was the nature of China's housing market. Many people buy homes for investment and speculation, not to improve.
Third was the store format. As Best Buy and other American retailers have found, Chinese consumers don't like big, boxy warehouses far away from a city center.
Finally, and most fatally, Home Depot tried to bring American notions of DIY to a market where labor was so cheap that most people simply hired a handyman.
“Home Depot, Barbie, Best Buy — they came and tried to sell the American vision, thinking people wanted to buy that,” says Mahoney. “That's not what Chinese want to buy.”
The company admitted as much when it left China. As the company spokesperson said at the time, “China is a do-it-for-me market, not a do-it-yourself market, so we have to adjust.”
Mattel: Nobody wants $100 Barbie jeans
The irony of Barbie's failure in China is that Barbie, the doll, was actually fairly popular. The problem was that Barbie, the brand, was not.
Mattel's foray began in 2009, when it opened the world's largest “House of Barbie” in a prime Shanghai location. The toymaker spent $30 million making the six-story shop a temple to all things Barbie. It included a restaurant, a hair and nail salon, a cocktail bar, and a spa.
Mattel even launched a localized doll, Ling, to appeal to Chinese consumers.
So what went wrong?
Partly, it was a failure of planning. The store was too big, too expensive, and too confusing in its mixture of adult pleasures (Barbie martinis, bust-firming treatments) and children's toys.
More fundamentally, Mattel seems to have misread the market. Instead of focusing on children's dolls, Mattel assumed that Chinese consumers would want a whole range of pricey Barbie-themed clothing, foods, and goods.
But, as author and business consultant Helen Wang points out, “Since Barbie is not a cultural icon in China as they are in America, Chinese consumers couldn't care less about Barbie-branded products.”
By the time Mattel realized its mistake, the store was bleeding money. In 2011, the House of Barbie closed.
If there's a lesson, it's this: Before you go in big in China, do your homework. Companies need to be flexible, adaptable, and responsive to Chinese tastes. That means experimenting before dropping $30 million on a mega-store.
eBay: Don't neglect “guanxi”
Spend any time in China, and you quickly learn the power of "guanxi," or social connections. Guanxi drives business deals and government contracts. It's the invisible glue that ties people together. It's the sense of connection and mutual obligation that Chinese society prizes in personal relationships.
This may seem like a trivial detail for a powerful corporation. It's not.
Take the case of eBay.
In 2004, the San Jose online auctioning giant decided to enter the Chinese market. EBay bought a local company, Eachnet, switched it to the eBay platform, and expected to sweep China in short order. After all, they had dominated other countries' markets. Why not China's?
Two years later, they shut down their portal, abandoning the Chinese auction market. A local competitor, Taobao, went on to take over 95 percent of the local market share.
The problem was that eBay had no mechanism for simulating guanxi. According to a study conducted by researchers in the United States and Hong Kong, this was a crucial error. While Taobao allowed buyers and sellers to chat over instant-messaging, giving them a chance to establish a personal connection, eBay did not.
“Those buyers really want to get to know the sellers,” Paul A. Pavlou, a professor at Temple University's Fox School of Business, told Pacific Standard.
In China, business is not just business. It's social.
Today, eBay says it has learned from its experience. The company has refocused away from the domestic market, toward helping Chinese sellers market directly to consumers abroad.
“It's frustrating that people say we failed in China,” says Daniel Feiler, a spokesperson for eBay. “From our perspective, we now have a very successful, large, and continuing-to-grow export business.”
Google: Running afoul of the government
Google's Chinese defeat is one of the most dramatic, and the most complex.
The context is well known. In 2010 Google announced that it had been hacked, and would no longer be censoring at the government's behest. It moved its servers to Hong Kong. Its market share dipped from 30 percent to 3 percent in 2013.
What happened? While poor decisions in Mountain View certainly played a part, politics was what killed Google. From the very beginning of its China venture, Google was hamstrung. Launched in 2006, Google.cn was a bare-bones search engine, with no Gmail, blog software, or YouTube; the company refused to keep its servers in China, for fear of having to turn over user data.
In 2008, Beijing demanded that Google more thoroughly censor its auto-fill search suggestions. In 2009, Google detected a breach of its servers that the company traced to China. The attackers not only stole corporate secrets, but also rifled through the personal accounts of dissidents and activists related to China and Tibet. By 2010, Google's chiefs had had enough. They decided that they would no longer comply with Beijing's demands.
The lesson from Google's China fiasco is hard, but important. In the end, foreign companies who want to thrive in China have to abide by the rules of a repressive, autocratic government. That means either compromising with policies you may find unsavory — as Google did, at first — or getting out.
“China is a tough, large market with fierce competitors,” Kaifu Lee, Google's former China head, recently wrote. “To have a chance in China, the American company must empower the local team to be responsive, autonomous, localized, and ready for combat.”
The turnover battle often determines the winner of the game, but not all turnovers are equal in their impact. Some truly tilt the game in one team's favor and permanently change the course of the game. Philip Kibbey breaks down what happened on Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie's pick six that put the New York Giants in the driver's seat against the Dallas Cowboys.
The Cowboys came out of the half up 13-10 with the ball and the opportunity to put the Giants behind by two scores. Based on The Q5 Game Map, the contest had generally gone in the Cowboys favor, but the field goal by New York before the break made this an even matchup by the time Josh Brown opened the second half kicking to Lucky Whitehead. But a huge jump in the success score for the Giants occurred when Dominique Rodgers-Cromartie high stepped their way to the end zone on the play below. Dallas is at midfield after an 11-yard completion to Terrance Williams. The Cowboys line up in 11 offensive personnel with trips to the wide side of the field and Williams lined up on the opposite side, running a deep curl route. The Giants counter with a Cover 3 with the free safety shaded to the trips side of the field. Rodgers-Cromartie draws Williams and plays the coverage tight:
As the play develops Matt Cassel first looks to the trips side looking for Cole Beasley running a slant or Brice Butler on the streak; however, both are covered. They then works their progressions back toward Williams running the deep curl route. Because the coverage is Cover 3, Cassel likely assumes this will be an easy throw.
Quarterbacks like to attack the weakside against this coverage because often the flat defender to that side of the field is less adept in coverage, and is unlikely to be in a dangerous position in their underneath zone. Additionally, the deep curl is a terrific route against this coverage, as the cornerback does not have help deep and needs to respect a potential vertical route.
However, Rodgers-Cromartie plays this excellently, staying off the receiver and breaking on the route perfectly. They jump the route, and combined with a poor throw from Cassel to the back shoulder of Williams, grabs the pass and takes it 60 yards for the score:
This interception was one of four second half takeaways by the Giants. But it's clear by looking at the game map that it did the most to alter the trajectory of the game based on the success measurement line chart not they Q5 graphic. On this play, Rodgers-Cromartie perfectly defended the pass, and Cassel attempted to make a throw in tight coverage, but did so with poor accuracy. Even if the quarterback makes a good throw, the CB is in perfect position to defend it. But most importantly it put the Cowboys behind for the remainder of the game.
Follow Philip on Twitter @ITPPhilip.
All video and images courtesy NFL Game Pass & TheQ5.com.
Editor's Note: An astute reader pointed out that Miles Austin is no longer a Cowboy. The article has been updated to reflect that Brice Butler is running the streak route.
About the author
Philip Kibbey
Minneapolis march against white supremacy
Minneapolis, MN - More than 1000 people marched here August 14 to oppose white supremacy and honor the dead and injured in the aftermath of a white nationalist attack in Charlottesville, Virginia. The lead banner of the march read, “Minnesota against white supremacy.” Several protesters carried poster-sized images of Heather Heyer, the 32-year-old anti-racist murdered by a white supremacist in the August 12 attack.
The protest began with a rally outside of the Minnesota Republican Party office on Franklin Avenue, where speakers made the connection between the violent attacks by white supremacists and the racist policies and statements of Donald Trump.
The growing crowd then marched through the heavily Somali and East African immigrant neighborhood of Cedar-Riverside chanting, “When Muslims are under attack! What do we do? Stand up, fight back!” and “When immigrants are under attack, what do we do? Stand up, fight back!”
Many people came out in the streets to take pictures, wave, and join the march. One of Trump's last election campaign stops was in Minneapolis, where they specifically attacked Somali immigrants, claiming they pose a dangerous threat. Trump sent U.S. troops of the 101st Airborne Division to intervene in Somalia in April this year. In Minneapolis, the Somali community is the target of ongoing FBI and Department of Homeland Security surveillance and repression thru programs like Countering Violent Extremism (CVE).
Speakers pointed out some of the recent crimes committed locally by white supremacists. On August 5, in Bloomington, a first-ring suburb of the Twin Cities, the Dar Al-Farooq Islamic Center was bombed. In 2015, white supremacist Allen “Lance” Scarcella shot five African American men during a protest of the police murder of Jamar Clark. So far in 2017, right-wing racists have held at least three rallies at state capitol, which were drowned out by counter-protesters.
The large crowd then marched to downtown Minneapolis, stopping in front of the office of U.S. Senator Amy Klobuchar (DFL). In a challenge to Democrats, the speaker there demanded a 'zero tolerance' policy on the open functioning of white supremacist and neo-Nazi organizations in the U.S. and Minnesota.
Protesters then proceeded to the Hennepin County Jail and Minneapolis City Hall. Sheriff Richard Stanek, who has a history of racism, runs the jail. Stanek is currently under fire from Latino community activists for their active cooperation with Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). Sheriff Stanek is giving ICE full access to the county jail, leading to the deportation of large numbers of immigrants.
After the program ended, protesters nearby set fire to an effigy emblazoned with swastikas. They also raised an anti-fascist flag on a flagpole in front of the county jail.
Protester Linden Gawboy stated, “I was there to say that we are ready to fight against these loser white supremacists. We can't be silent. We can't hope them away, we can't pray them away. We have to fight fire with fire.”
Many local groups turned out, including Communities United Against Police Brutality, Filipinx for Immigrant Rights and Racial Justice in MN (FIRM), Students for a Democratic Society (SDS), the Anti-War Committee, The New North, Minnesota Immigrant Rights Action Committee (MIRAC), IWW General Defense Committee, AFSCME Local 2822, and the Twin Cities Coalition for Justice for Jamar.
Assessing David Pastrnak's Value to the Bruins
Photo Credit: Maddie Meyer/Getty Images
With Boston Bruins training camp less than two weeks away, Bruins fans and management alike are waiting anxiously for the one announcement they all want to hear: the signing of David Pastrnak.
Pastrnak, 21, is a restricted free agent with the Bruins since their entry-level contract ended this previous spring. As an RFA, the young Czech winger isn't in any immediate danger of being stolen away by a pricey offer from another team – the likelihood of a team offer-sheeting Pastrnak is incredibly low, considering the last offer sheet in the league was in 2013. Instead, the major concern with Pastrnak's new contract with the Bruins is just how much it will cost the team, now and in the long run.
Brad Marchand, arguably the most productive forward on the team against Pastrnak, makes $6.125 million a year. It would be expected that Pastrnak be paid somewhere in that ballpark, if a little bit more since their production is more consistent, and given the fact that David Krejci is the highest paid Bruin at $7.25 million. To compare Pastrnak to another player around their caliber, 23-year-old winger Filip Forsberg is paid $6 million a year by the Nashville Predators. So logically, they would get somewhere between $6.25 and $7.25 million.
But alongside Pastrnak, Edmonton Oilers winger Leon Draisatl also became a restricted free agent this summer. Coming off a hot season of 77 points and nearly 30 goals, they were definitely expected to receive a pay raise. The two were expected to have similar deals after one was announced, to set a market estimate for their type of player, and on Aug. 16, the figure came through – Draisatl and the Oilers had come to terms on an 8ayear, $8.5 million per year deal.
That money places Draisatl amongst and beyond names such as Erik Karlsson, Vladimir Tarasenko, and Evgeni Malkin. Draisatl is more expensive than any Bruin to date, and they aren't even the best or highest-paid player on their team. Undoubtedly, Pastrnak and agent J.P. Barry are now asking the Bruins for a paycheck similar to Draisatl's.
Pastrnak is a productive winger that consistently delivers for the Bruins at a rate that hasn't often been seen by Bruins fans, given the hot-or-not nights that we've lived through from guys like Krejci, Milan Lucic and Marchand. Because of that and their young, explosive talent in the form of fast skating and skillful puck-handling, he's a player the Bruins can certainly afford to keep around for a few more years to come. And Thelonger, the better.
If the Bruins sign Pastrnak to a six-year deal, they'll have to worry about re-signing the winger when he's 27 – which is often when players hit their prime. With that being said, he'll undoubtedly ask for more money, and for more years – meaning the Bruins would pay more for the latter half of their career when they could be slowing down and not speeding up as they are now.
A longer term contract for them works best here, but not for the price of Draisatl. While the Bruins certainly can afford it with a cap space of $10 million, Pastrnak doesn't need to be getting paid more than $8 million for just one stellar year, especially when only two of their teammates make above $7 million. Though, they may not necessarily be worth $7 million just yet, especially when compared to Marchand, it feels almost impossible that he'll take anything less with the new Draisatl deal. An ideal contract would be at least seven years, and worth something around $7.5 million. General manager Don Sweeney doesn't need to be making the mistakes of their former boss, Peter Chiarelli, in signing players to ridiculously long and expensive contracts preemptively (while Chiarelli is now the Oilers GM and just gave that contract to Draisatl).
Advertisements
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Google
Like this: Like Loading...
Related
The old jobs aren't coming back, but there is another way to address the crisis brought about by deindustrialization: Pay all workers better. The big labor innovation of the 21st century has been campaigns seeking to raise local or state minimum wages. Activists have succeeded in passing living-wage laws in more than a hundred counties and municipalities since 1994 by appealing to a simple sense of justice: Why should someone work full time, year-round, and not make enough to pay for rent and other basics? Surveys found large majorities favoring an increase in the minimum wage; college students, church members and unions rallied to local campaigns. Unions started taking on formerly neglected constituencies like janitors, home health aides and day laborers. And where the unions have faltered, entirely new kinds of organizations sprang up: associations sometimes backed by unions and sometimes by philanthropic foundations — Our Walmart, the National Domestic Workers Alliance and the Restaurant Opportunities Centers United.
Our old scene on Long Island is long gone: the house sold, the old friendships frayed by age and distance. I miss it. As a group, we had no particular ideology, but our vision, which was articulated through our parties rather than any manifesto, was utopian, especially in the context of Long Island, where if you wanted any help from the county, you had to be a registered Republican. If we had a single theme, it could be summed up in the old-fashioned word “solidarity”: If you join my picket line, I'll join yours, and maybe we'll all go protest together, along with the kids, at the chemical plant that was oozing toxins into our soil — followed by a barbecue in my backyard. We were not interested in small-P politics. We wanted a world in which everyone's work was honored and every voice heard.
I never expected to be part of anything like that again until, in 2004, I discovered a similar, far-better-organized group in Fort Wayne, Ind. The Northeast Indiana Central Labor Council, as it was then called, brought together Mexican immigrant construction workers and the native-born building-trade union members they had been brought in to replace, laid-off foundry workers and Burmese factory workers, adjunct professors and janitors. Their goal, according to the president at the time, Tom Lewandowski, a former General Electric factory worker who served in the 1990s as the A.F.L.-C.I.O.'s liaison to the Polish insurgent movement Solidarnosc, was to create a “culture of solidarity.” They were inspired by the realization that it's not enough to organize people with jobs; you have to organize the unemployed as well as the “anxiously employed” — meaning potentially the entire community. Their not-so-secret tactic was parties and picnics, some of which I was lucky enough to attend.
The scene in Fort Wayne featured people of all colors and collar colors, legal and undocumented workers, liberals and political conservatives, some of whom supported Trump in the last election. It showed that a new kind of solidarity was in reach, even if the old unions may not be ready. In 2016, the ailing A.F.L.-C.I.O., which for more than six decades has struggled to hold the labor movement together, suddenly dissolved the Northeast Indiana Central Labor Council, citing obscure bureaucratic imperatives. But the labor council was undaunted. It promptly reinvented itself as the Workers' Project and drew more than 6,000 people to the local Labor Day picnic, despite having lost its internet access and office equipment to the A.F.L.-C.I.O.
When I last talked to Tom Lewandowski, in early February, the Workers' Project had just succeeded in organizing 20 Costco contract workers into a collective unit of their own and were planning to celebrate with, of course, a party. The human urge to make common cause — and have a good time doing it — is hard to suppress.
We have busy lives. Not only are our lives filled with daily activities like working and going to school they're also filled with much more activities than ever before. 1 in working professionals work more than 50 hours a week which doesn't leave much time for other daily activities like exercise, leisure, chores and other things that might come up throughout the day. Mind maps can be used to organize your daily activities and there are many benefits to doing so.
1. Better recollection of daily tasks
How often do you get home from work only to realize you forgot to do something you really needed to do on the way home? Even if you are diligent at making to-do lists, often those lists can seem to go on forever and things can be missed. Mind maps are created so that you can see everything on it in one glance. By using colors to highlight the most important things on your list combined with meaningful keywords, you will be better able to recall them when necessary.
2. Quick prioritization of tasks
If you have a lot of tasks to tackle at one given time it's easy to become overwhelmed when you're staring at a page long list. Because you can use colors and lines to highlight different tasks within a mind map, it's possible to determine priority based on what's most pressing. You can simply take a glance at the mind map and see what's most important and focus on those tasks first.
3. Introduce new habits
Eating more healthy food, working out and getting more sleep are three things that everyone needs to work on doing better and more often. You can use a mind map to help you develop new habits by scheduling it in your day as well as highlighting the benefits of doing so. You can also create a routine where you schedule rewards for making specific goals. Here's an example of a habit focused mind map to give you an idea of what one would look like courtesy of the website Asian Efficiency.
4. Increased productivity
Task lists are great at increasing overall productivity but mind maps can be even better. One of the downsides to task lists is that they're often written using long
phrases or sentences. This can make it tough to manage them effectively, especially if you have a lot of tasks to accomplish. And who hasn't had a task list that was more than one page long? Since mind maps use keywords and associations, it's designed to tap into your memory effectively. Plus, having the ability to see all of your tasks in one visually stimulating plan makes it easier to review it all in a much more meaningful way.
Below are some samples of mind maps used for daily planning to help you get started using them outside of work or project related tasks.
The mind map in Figure 7-1 outlines a daily plan from morning to night. Some people need to schedule their entire day to ensure they stay on track. This mind map shows how it can be done with relative ease.
The mind map in Figure 7-3 is a much broader one. It outlines what needs to be done but doesn't assign a timeframe to each one. It's not very detailed but these key words are sufficient for the creator in considering what needs to be accomplished on this particular day.
The mind map in Figure 7-4 shows how a to-do list can be transferred to a mind map. It addresses a few different projects that need to be tackled and goes into specific detail about those projects. This mind map may be for one day but it's most likely for multiple days.
The mind map in Figure 7-5 is another one with a specific to-do list, including check boxes. If you need to check things off, it is possible to incorporate those boxes into your mind map and check them off as you complete the tasks.
As you can see a mind map of a to-do list can look many different ways and be used for everything from daily planning as it pertains to working to daily planning from the time you wake up until the time you go to bed. Mind maps are so flexible you can use them in any way that best fits your lifestyle.
Pregnant mother accused in brutal child abuse case moved to new jail unit after reports of assault
Porucha Phillips is taken from the magistrate's office in an SAPD transport vehicle just after 6 p.m. on April 29, 2016. Porucha Phillips is taken from the magistrate's office in an SAPD transport vehicle just after 6 p.m. on April 29, 2016. Photo: TOM REEL, STAFF / SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS Photo: TOM REEL, STAFF / SAN ANTONIO EXPRESS-NEWS Image 1 of / 17 Caption Close Pregnant mother accused in brutal child abuse case moved to new jail unit after reports of assault 1 / 17 Back to Gallery
SAN ANTONIO — A pregnant woman allegedly responsible for the care of two toddlers who were found tied and chained in the backyard of a Northeast Side home last week has been moved to a new unit at the Bexar County Jail following reports that they were assaulted by other inmates.
Porucha Phillips, 34, was arrested on April 29 after deputies discovered the children — a girl, 3, and a boy, 4 — outside of their home in the Camelot II subdivision hours earlier. Phillips is not the mother of the two children, but is alleged to have been responsible for the care. Them six children were found unattended at the home and have been transferred to state custody along with the two toddlers.
MORE: BCSO: 2 more parents face charges in 'horrific' San Antonio child abuse case as details emerge
Phillips, who is pregnant and facing two felony charges, reported the alleged assaults, but officials have not been able to verify the claims, said BCSO spokesperson James Keith, who confirmed that Phillips has been transferred to a new unit within the jail annex, where female inmates are housed.
Authorities on Friday morning announced the arrest of Cheryl Reed, the 30-year-old mother of the two children, and an arrest warrant for Deandre Dorch, the 36-year-old father of some of the children found unattended inside the home who has been accused of injury to a child.
Deputies are currently searching for Dorch, who is the common-law husband of Phillips and is believed to still be in San Antonio.
Officials have said it is unclear who tied up the children.
RELATED: Tied up outside in the rain, children had been abused for weeks
Reed was taken into custody at a motel off Interstate 10 near Vance Jackson Road late Thursday, said Keith. Reed, who is the mother of the two children discovered bound in the backyard, faces two third-degree felony counts of injury to a child.
Reed came to San Antonio several days ago after investigators tracked them down in California while investigating the April 28 abuse case.
RELATED: Children rescued, woman arrested after 'horrific' abuse discovered
Investigators have said that Phillips was responsible for Reed's two children, but are still trying to determine the exact nature of their relationship.
Keith said Reed's charges stem from a separate incident in February of 2016 and November of 2015 in which they allegedly grabbed a switch from a tree and whipped the two children.
According to the findings of a preliminary investigation, Dorch may have threatened Reed after they left the state in February, leaving the two children in San Antonio, according to the Sheriff's Office and an affidavit. Dorch and Phillips sought money from Reed.
Dorch told investigators that they saw Reed whip both children with a switch from a tree several times between November 2015 and February 2016. However, Dorch allegedly told investigators that they didn't report the alleged offenses because he's not a "snitch" and he's not "God," the sheriff's office said Friday.
The two toddlers had hundreds of injuries and scars from old and fresh injuries that could have taken place over months or years, doctors told investigators. The girl also suffered from hypothermia, according to the sheriff's office.
Investigators are still gathering more evidence in the case and working to determine whether any other adults will be charged in the case, or if more charges will be filed against Phillips, Reed and Dorch.
Staff writer Joshua Fechter contributed to this report.
mdwilson@express-news.net
Twitter: @MDWilsonSA
2016 top-four worlds competitor Markus Stadter has announced Yoshi's Invitational, an online VGC tournament where eight notable players from around the globe will compete for cash prizes and international acclaim.
According to Stadter, they wanted to provide an opportunity for fans of competitive Pokémon to watch high-level competition between major, official events.
“I always thought this was a cool concept to get some exposure for the players and have something fans can look forward to,” Stadter said. “The idea got more concrete after talking to Kevin Dong, who has a Hearthstone background where invitation-based tournaments were an important step in establishing the game as an esport.”
Wolfe Glick, Aaron Zheng, Alex Ogloza and Joshua Lorcy will compete from the US, while Spain's Alex Gomez, France's Thomas Gravouille and Stadter themselves round out the initial list of competitors. Each was chosen for varying mixtures of quality skill level, community involvement and ability to participate on stream.
The tournament will start on February 10 and play out a few matches at a time over a four-week period in a best-of-three, double-elimination bracket. The finals, however, will be a best-of-five series with the player from the winner's side of the bracket receiving a 1-0 lead. Every match will be streamed on Stadter's Twitch channel, with commentary from both the competitors not scheduled to play that day and others in the community. The format will also follow the official VGC 2017 rules.
As for prizes, Amalgame has pledged at least $400 to the pool. Matcherino.com, which will host the brackets, has also pledged to donate a dollar for the first 200 people to enter the code “Yoshi” when donating. Finally, players will have the opportunity to donate to the pot leading up to and throughout the tournament's duration to support their favorite players.
The tournament also features a $1,000 stretch-goal to add 2014 world champion Sejun Park to the tournament in addition to a special stream from Stadter and Glick once $2,000 is reached. Those who donate certain amounts will be rewarded with various benefits as well, such as coaching from some of the competitors. Regardless, the final pot value will determine how prizes are awarded to players.
Stadter added that if the event goes well, they plan to hold similar, additional tournaments in the future. In that case, they will attempt to open up the field by inviting players based on finishes in other online tournaments or live events.
Trainer Tower will have recurring coverage of the tournament, with everything from previews/recaps of each week to brief profiles of the players. Be sure to check back here weekly to stay up to date with the tournament's latest developments.
According to a number of FCC filings, robotic vacuum maker iRobot is working on an automatic lawnmower – and they're irking radio astronomers. The project, which is still under wraps, uses low power radio beacons to delineate the corners of your yard, ensuring your robotic mower doesn't scoot into the back forty. Unlike other automatic systems – which use wires or barriers to keep the robots corralled – the beacons emit in the 6240-6740 MHz range.
This, according to the National Radio Astronomy Observatory (NRAO), is used to spot methanol – “interstellar wood alcohol” – in space, the presence of which means a star is being born. The FCC even states that “all practicable steps shall be taken to protect the radio astronomy service from harmful interference.”
The best part? The NRAO and its astronomers are talking back to iRobot in the FCC comments. For example:
￼iRobot: “Use of the iRobotRLM [robot lawn mower] will increase lawn mower safety. An estimated 1,517 lethal accidents occurred with lawn mowers through the years 1997 to 2010. It is reasonable to assume that many of these injuries and deaths would not occur if consumers used a robotic mower. More than 17 million gallons of fuel, mostly gasoline, are spilled each year while refueling lawn equipment. Abattery poweredRLM will reduce emissions, gasoline spills, fires and other such accidents.”NRAO: “iRobot cited multiple statistics of grim accidents and spilt gasoline to assert the public benefit of approving its wireless robotic lawn mowers. However, there is already a competitive market for robotic lawn mowers using wire loops [buried edge wire], which has somehow failed to stanch the stream of ghastly accidents and spilt gasoline that iRobot associates with the mundane practice of lawn-mowing.”
Given that Colin Angle, founder of iRobot, has a MS in Computer Science and a deep background in artificial intelligence and robotics, it's clear that this is a battle of the megaminds. It will be interesting to see both the new product – purported to be called the iRobot RLM – and how Angle and their team prevent the masking of interstellar wood alcohol spectrography. You can check out the entire document here.
via Spectrum
The joyous Sunday dedication of Seattle's new $134 million South Park Bridge contrasted with a different form of dedication four years ago as the old 79-yearold bridge was being permanently closed to traffic.
About 150 residents of the South Park neighborhood stood outside with signs in a driving rain storm, as Democratic luminaries arrived at the nearby Boeing Machinists' hall to celebrate passage of the Affordable Care Act.
“For a long time, it seemed like residents were the only ones pushing for it: It's a tight neighborhood,” said Debbie McNeil, who was out in the rain that day.
“I managed to shake their hands and say to Sen. Murray, ‘Bridge, bridge, bridge!”
The state's senior senator heard the message and came through with a $34 million “Tiger Grant” from the U.S. Department of Transportation. King County Executive Dow Constantine put together the financing package with a few million here (from Tukwila) and there (Boeing).
The new bridge, unlike its predecessor, is earthquake resistant. A rain garden, made up of a two-foot-thick layer of specially mixed bio-retention soil, filters runoff from the bridge before it goes back in the Duwamish waterway. (The waterway has a new salmon project just upstream.)
The new bridge will carry 20,000 vehicles and nearly 3,000 heavy-duty trucks each day, transporting what King County estimates will be 10 million tons of freight each year.
“This bridge is critical to several neighborhoods: It is critical to South Park, and to Georgetown, and to the industrial area of Seattle,” said Dagmar Cronn, another South Park community leader who was raising hell — constructively — as the old bridge was raised for the last time.
“I have tended to be an optimist and a pessimist at the same time,” Cronn joked. “I was torn between hopes and dreams, and anxiety that this wasn't going to happen.” They paid warm tribute to Constantine for stitching together the financing package.
The demise of the old South Park Bridge cut off Napoli's, a very popular (and very good) pizza parlor, from its lunchtime clientele of Boeing workers.
“This is going to make a huge difference for us: Boeing is going to be able to get over here. People with a half-hour break won't debate whether they can make it around on the First Avenue South bridge,” said Maria Porco as they took orders in a full house.
Among the political leaders on the dais, the new South Bark Bridge is both sweet and bittersweet. King County has a lot of bridges in need of repair. Yet, the Washington Legislature — specifically the Republican-run State Senate — has failed to act on a statewide transportation bill. (The House did pass a plan.)
“This bridge is the last thing of this kind we will do for a while unless the Legislature gets off its butt,” said Constantine as they walked to the bridge.
Seattle Port Commissioner Bill Bryant, a Republican and likely candidate for statewide office, strongly appealed for a statewide transportation package when they spoke at the dedication.
U.S. Rep. Jim McDermott, D-Wash., used the dedication to mock those in the “other” Washington who mock government.
“Today, a lot of people don't think the federal government has a role in anything,” said McDermott. Gesturing to the handsome new drawbridge behind him, McDermott added: “This is what we call an ‘earmark'.”
The new bridge can be opened for marine traffic. Just two 75-horsepower motors are needed to run it. It features four driving lanes, bike lanes and sidewalks.
The ceremony Sunday featured a Shaker prayer by Muckleshoot Indians, with a call for all who use it to travel peacefully and with good will.
On the dais together sat often-at-odds representatives from Aerospace Machinists Local 751 and the Boeing Company, which squeezed the union — hard — for contract concessions last winter.
“Boeing and the Machinists Union have had a partnership for many years,” said Bill McSherry, Boeing's government affairs director.
After the ceremony, and pre-July 4th fireworks, the bridge span was lowered and hundreds of neighborhood residents and bridge lovers streamed across, followed by a west-to-east parade of souped up 1950's automobiles.
The bridge will be opened to vehicle traffic at 6 a.m. on Monday.
The four year process that built it was a morale builder for all involved. Heads came together rather than butting into each other.
“You know,” said Debbie McNeil, “we came out of this pretty much liking each other.” And Mayor Ed Murray was able to smile as they said: “It was the neighborhood that wanted this done.”
Ever since it was announced at Comic-Con this past weekend, the movie world as been buzzing about the upcoming Batman and Superman film which will see DC's two finest characters team up and square off in the same flick. But while most of the buzz has been about the very fact the movie is happening, many people have been left wondering who will fill Christian Bale's shoes as the next Batman.
According to The Huffington Post and Cosmic Book.com, that actor might have been MTV Teen Wolf star Tyler Hoechlin. Things are apparently so serious with Hoechlin that he's reportedly getting a screen test with Henry Cavill.
Per Cosmic Book News:
Regarding the new Batman, Tyler Hoechlin (Teen Wolf,Lincoln Heights, 7th Heaven, Road To Perdition) is being heavily considered for the part and will be getting a screen test alongside Henry Cavill. Warner Bros. and Snyder are looking at somebody to play the new Batman with a reputation similar to Cavill's, when Cavill was testing for Superman.
Huffington Post reached out to Hoechlin's representatives but couldn't either confirm nor deny the rumor. Many fans were expecting an older Batman in the film but it appears that the producers are going young once again to reboot Batman in the Superman universe that director Zack Snyder created.
Nothing is official and the search is likely going to take a few months. But with a tentative release date set for 2015, casting the next Batman is something that will happen rather quickly and so far Hoechlin seems to be a front runner.
Image caption The civilian deaths raised tensions in the already volatile Kurdish region
Turkey has expressed regret over the deaths of 35 civilians in a Turkish air strike near the border with Iraq.
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan said Wednesday's attack near a Kurdish village, in which young smugglers died, was "unfortunate and saddening".
President Abdullah Gul also expressed condolences and spoke of Turkey's "pain" over the incident.
Turkey's military said earlier it had targeted suspected Kurdish militants. An official investigation is under way.
A Kurdish rebel commander, Bahoz Erdal of the Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK), called on Kurds to "react after this massacre and hold the perpetrators to account through their uprising".
The attack by F-16 jets on Wednesday night took place near the town of Uludere, in Sirnak province in south-eastern Turkey.
Mr Erdoğan said it had been established after the raid that the victims were smugglers, not rebels.
The pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party condemned the air strike as a "massacre", saying that all the victims were civilians aged between 16 and 20.
The victims were buried at a cemetery in Gulyazi village.
Mourners accompanied the coffins in a long convoy from nearby Uludere, some shouting "Erdoğan is a murderer!" and flashing V for victory signs, AFP news agency reported.
Condolences from military
On Friday the website of the Turkish General Staff carried a message of condolence for the families of the 35 victims - a gesture described by correspondents as highly unusual.
Earlier, the general staff had said the area attacked was inside northern Iraq and had no civilian population. It added that the raid was launched following information that suspected militants were planning to attack Turkish security bases.
Fighting has escalated between Turkish forces and PKK rebels in recent months.
Since 1984 the PKK, designated a terrorist organisation by Turkey, the EU and the US, has been waging an insurgency against the Turkish state, in which more than 40,000 people have died.
In October Turkey launched a major air and land offensive against the rebels near the Iraqi border after 24 of its troops were killed in a night ambush by rebels.
Supporters of the main pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party (BDP) demonstrated on Thursday over the botched air strike, and some clashed with Turkish police.
There were also violent protests in the mainly Kurdish towns of Diyarbakir and Sirnak.
Kurds demand answers
"They openly massacred us. Why was this blood spilled? They must answer this question," said Kitan Encu, who lost 11 family members in the raid.
Quoted by AFP, they said all the victims were "burned completely" and "the oldest one was 20 years old, they were all students".
Mr Erdoğan said "images transmitted by drones showed a group of 40 people in the area, it was impossible to say who they were".
"Afterwards it was determined they were smugglers transporting cigarettes and fuel on mules."
Lashing out at some Turkish press coverage of the blunder they said "no state deliberately bombs its own people".
Image copyright Reuters Image caption More than 400 people died as a result of the mudslides and flooding
This week Sierra Leone's capital Freetown experienced a devastating mudslide and flooding that claimed over 400 lives. Dozens are still missing presumed dead. Sierra Leonean journalist and Freetown resident Umaru Fofana reflects on the disaster.
On Monday 14 August, shortly after 08:00 (08:00 GMT), I could still hear the (patter) of heavy rain that had been falling all through the night.
Shaking off that post-weekend feeling, I stood outside my house as I often do when it rains heavily.
I live just a few metres outside Freetown's largest slum, Kroo Bay.
There, whenever it rains, every room experiences flooding complete with red tropical mud and rubbish. One of the largest drains in town, Samba Gutter, simply empties itself into the community.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption "As I approached Regent I saw a massive red opening.."
Ironically when it is not raining they struggle for water. Five water pumps serve a community of nearly 15,000 people.
On this day the rain was so heavy that the accompanying fog had enveloped the bay.
My phone rang. A foreign diplomat was on the line. They wanted to check some information they had received.
"Has there been a mudslide or flooding around Regent?" they asked.
I smiled wryly not in disbelief but because I was not surprised.
"It happens almost every year," I retorted. "But I hear this one is very serious," they insisted.
I promised I would find out and get back to him.
Image copyright Getty Images Image caption People in Regent were wading through streets waist-deep in muddy water
Minutes later, my phones went into overdrive: some callers wanted to confirm the "rumours", others simply to pass on information.
I spent 10 minutes calling the Office of National Security which coordinates, or should coordinate, disaster responses.
After a few tries someone answered. They confirmed that there had indeed been a mudslide and flooding, but could not give me further details as they had just received the news.
I alerted London and set off towards the scene.
Like most of Freetown, Regent is a mountainous village; the Portuguese explorers who named Sierra Leone derived its name from the mountains: Sera Lyoa - meaning "Lion Mountain".
What in the past used to be lush green vegetation has given way to massive houses belonging to the nouveau riche.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Mourners outside cemetery in Freetown
As I approached Regent I saw a massive red opening, part of what is a very green mountain. A huge chunk of Mount Sugar Loaf had caved in.
I was shocked at seeing the way part of the mountain had peeled away. At that moment the number of casualties was not clear.
When I arrived at the scene I could see the houses had disappeared, completely submerged by the mountain rug of red earth that had descended.
Residents, believed to number between 600 and 1,000, lay buried beneath the mudslide.
This is when the magnitude of the disaster dawned on me.
The calls kept coming. Now people were telling me about the flash floods that had been partly caused by the collapse of the mountain.
Huge boulders had created a massive channel that had widened the waterway, sweeping away homes in its path. It was ferocious.
Seven hours after the mudslide, there was no significant response on sight.
Young men in the neighbourhood were busy digging with their bare hands, desperately hoping to find people alive. But given the sheer weight of the mud their attempts appeared futile.
Ambulances left by the Ebola response teams of two years ago arrived a few hours later. But that was all there was.
The heavy-lifting machinery and equipment needed were nowhere to be seen. Just like in 2013 when the colonial-era King Jimmy Bridge caved in and killed many, construction companies had to be called upon to provide excavators.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Heavy machines initially nowhere to be seen
Man-made tragedy
On Monday night, President Ernest Bai Koroma addressed the nation. They sounded emotional, clearly touched by the events.
But could this have been avoided? Many have referred to this disaster as human-made.
Most of Freetown's forest cover, which used to capture the rainfall, has been tampered with. The construction of houses is poorly regulated, and town planning is virtually non-existent.
They system of buying land is chaotic and often fraudulent.
This was clearly a disaster waiting to happen, which is why many were surprised that no-one has been held accountable.
If you hurt the environment, the environment will definitely fight back. It is that simple.
Sierra Leone has had more than its fair share of challenges in recent times.
From a civil war that killed and maimed thousands, to an Ebola outbreak that debilitated the nation, making fear the order of the day.
And just when we thought we could move on, this happened.
Ebola obviously wreaked havoc on my country. So did the war.
During the orgy of killings by the rebels that reached its crescendo on 6 January 1991, corpses were strewn on the streets of Freetown. The central mortuary was overwhelmed.
But nothing comes anywhere close in comparison to this week. Almost 400 corpses were spread on the floor, estimated Dr Owiz Koroma, the country's sole pathologist.
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The BBC's Umaru Fofana describes 'corpses piled up' at Freetown's central mortuary
To me as a journalist, in a country with huge mineral resources and wonderful people, I have not seen the positive side of that mineral wealth or its impact on the poor.
Whenever I travel abroad the questions I am asked revolve around the mayhem that my country has come to be associated with.
I keep going because I feel I need to be an uncompromising voice that sides with the people and gives them a platform to hold their leaders accountable.
But the impact of this disaster on me has been massive. I will never forget the scenes both inside and outside the central mortuary on that day.
Inside, hundreds of bodies lay on the bare floor, decomposing. Outside dozens of family members waiting to go in and identify their loved ones.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Dozens still to be buried
The outpouring of emotions by these bewildered, distraught relatives was heart wrenching.
Alpha wept uncontrollably and could not even talk. They had lost their mother.
A middle-aged wailed inconsolably. They kept calling out to Adama to "come back" and sang in lament questioning God, asking why They had taken Adama away.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Questions asked about the loss of so many
Dozens of people still lie under the mud.
A man who was going to get married in four days time was among the dead.
So were six kids who went to study at the home of the star pupil in their class.
A senior Sierra Leonean military officer who had just returned home from a UN peacekeeping assignment also perished.
What is more, the rainy season has not even reached its peak.
Every year we get to see floods destroying lives and property.
But it is always the same attitude from the leaders. They seem to prefer putting out fires instead of preventing them.
Move Over James Bond, China Has An Unlikely Box-Office Champ
toggle caption Enlight Pictures
Movies are big business in China, and 2012 was another record year: Theaters raked in about $2.7 billion, pushing China past Japan to become the world's second-largest market.
Those blistering sales were expected; China's ultimate box-office champ, however, was not.
Hollywood blockbusters usually do well in China. And last year, competition was stiff, including a new installment of Tom Cruise's Mission: Impossible franchise, as well as Skyfall, the latest James Bond flick.
But neither of these heavyweights topped the box office. That achievement goes to Lost in Thailand, a scrappy, Chinese slapstick that cost less than $5 million to make. A cross between The Out of Towners and The Hangover Part II, the road comedy took in more than $200 million in China in seven weeks.
That's the biggest gross for a Chinese movie ever — and more than any foreign film has ever earned in China, except Avatar.
It opens Friday at a very limited number of AMC theaters in America, just in time for Chinese New Year. Chinese conglomerate Wanda bought the theater chain last year for more than $2 billion.
"[The movie is] a phenomenon. I think it surprised a lot of people," says Rance Pow, who runs Artisan Gateway, a cinema investment and research firm in Shanghai.
They say Lost in Thailand took off for several reasons, including timing.
"We'd just come off a number of big Chinese films that were really dramas," they explain.
Pow says ordinary Chinese also gravitated to Lost in Thailand because the humor revolves around the pressures of modern Chinese life. The main character, Xu Long, is headed for divorce and is in vicious competition with their officemate to secure the rights to a world-beating scientific invention in Thailand.
In one scene, Xu is trapped in Bangkok traffic trying to make a flight. He's a consummate back-seat driver, bossing the cabbie around and telling them to hurry up. The Thai cabbie complains that Chinese are always rushing.
"You see in the characters' behaviors towards each other a bit of daily life, a bit of the chaotic, the frenetic activity, the commercial atmosphere, where everyone is gone, go, go," Pow says.
The movie also sends up contemporary Chinese stereotypes. Xu inadvertently teams up with Baobao, who is part of a big Chinese tour group that wears matching baseball caps. Sweet-natured and bumbling, Baobao reads Xu a list of their goals for their first trip overseas: seeing the Taj Mahal — which Baobao is saddened to learn is in India — taking on a Thai kickboxer, and watching one of Thailand's famous transvestite shows.
Lost in Thailand has its critics. A professor in the central Chinese city of Wuhan called it "vulgar, debased and commercial."
But Yin Hong, a professor at Bejing's Tsinghua University who follows the film business, says young people seek out this sort of movie to escape some of the same pressures that plague its characters.
"School tests and a busy schedule after landing a job have suppressed the space for young people to have fun," Yin says. "They have a strong desire for entertainment that's not easy to satisfy."
Save this picture! Templo Expiatorio of the Sagrada Família. Image © Flickr User: Jose Gonzalvo Vivas, bajo CC BY 2.0
133 years since the laying of its foundation, the construction of Antoni Gaudí's Sagrada Família has entered its final phase. This news was announced in a recent press conference by the project's directing architect Jordi Faulí, who will oversee the completion of six new towers that will raise the "Tower of Jesus Christ" to 172.5 meters-tall, making it the tallest religious structure in Europe and Barcelona's tallest building.
The final stage will include the construction of the 172.5 meter Tower of Jesus Christ, as well as five other 135-meter towers honoring the Virgin Mary and the four apostles.
More information and a video after the break.
With 70 percent of the Barcelona landmark built, the structure is scheduled to (mostly) complete by 2026 , coinciding with the centenary of the death of Antoni Gaudí. Some small modifications may take up to five years after to finalize. "It's difficult to predict but we can say that it will be completed by 2030, 2032," said Faulí to Ifpress.
As reported by the Spanish media ABC , the project will be executed using a new process " used by the tension of the stones; stone blocks will be built up to 6x5 meters per panel with steel rods that tighten and strengthen so that it may better withstand the force of the wind."
Declared a World Heritage Site in 2005, the Sagrada Família was named the 5th most interesting tourist site in the world in the Travelers' Choice Awards, receiving over 3.2 million tourists each year .
What can compare to the extravagance of a Pakistani wedding? The endless food, the hundreds of guests, the lavish decorations – it's an event like no other. Although not Pakistani myself, I observed all of this firsthand at my own desi wedding, thanks to my Pakistani spouse.
Ever since my marriage, I have been reflecting increasingly on materialism and its effects on our world. As I attend more and more weddings, the opulence of these events makes me question the logic and lack of compassion behind consumerism.
Our concerns as consumers only extend to price and aesthetics. The only questions we ask ourselves is, “Do I like it,” and never, “How will this affect others?”
Also read: Wedding guests in the capital to be served one dish
As individuals, we like to think we care about worker rights and fair trade, but as consumers, we are every ready to drop these concerns for the right price.
Nothing exemplifies this attitude better than the wedding lehnga.
The traditional wedding lehnga is an iconic guilty pleasure, especially for members of the middle and upper classes. There are very few other items that society allows us to spend loads of money on, wear only a few times and never use again.
A lot of thought will go into the colour, design and price of the dress, but little thought goes into the conditions under which this dress would be made.
Beautiful and expensive, the wedding lehnga encapsulates the selfishness of today's consumerist ideologies.
The reality is that this one special garment comes with a legacy of pain and injustice.
The textile industry boasts a near absence of labour rights. According to Karamat Ali, Executive Director of the well-known Pakistan Institute of Labour Research and Education, 80 per cent of workers in the industry work 12 hours a day or more.
Over 90 per cent of these workers have no formal employment contract, making the source of their livelihood completely precarious. It is not uncommon to see worker homes converted into workspaces at the workers' expense.
From raw textile to embroidery, every step in a lehnga's creation hurts people.
First, textile labourers work in factories lacking basic safety protocols and equipment to create and dye the dress's fabric. They handle dangerous chemicals, often with no protection. As a result, these workers suffer from high levels of respiratory illness.
The fabric is then handed off to dress designers, who employ artisans to complete the dress under objectionable conditions.
Rafia Waraich, who started the fair trade children's clothing brand, 'Cherished Juniors', recounts their observations on the clothing industry during their time in Lahore:
“If it's a low-profile designer, they have these artisans working out of their own houses, otherwise they have them at a factory. The conditions these artisans work in are horrendous. Low lighting, tight spaces – almost sweatshop type conditions.
“There are also people who like to get stuff made on their own [without going through a designer]. In that case, the artisans work out of their own shops and charge rates that are suitable and market comparable, but which are still not nearly sufficient [to provide a living wage].”
On top of the fact that fair pay and decent working conditions are not the wedding industry's standard practice, the societal pressure to enforce these standards is not strong enough.
Also read: Rental bridal dresses are heaven sent for some
How strange that the lehnga, a central element of a ceremony meant to represent love and commitment to higher ideals, should come from a place of human abuse.
It is time that brides and their families start insisting that their dresses be made while upholding the dignity and rights of all the workers along its chain of creation.
How to achieve this change?
We drive the decisions made by all consumer-oriented industries, including the wedding industry.
Support vendors who pay a fair wage and offer safe working conditions to their artisans.
Buy preowned dresses.
Question designers whom you patronise about their practices and demand fairness.
Only when the industry realises that their consumers place justice and human well-being overprices, will practices start to shift.
And it all starts with you.
Forge a winning tradition in the Arsenal Football Club AW77 Men's Crew Sweatshirt, honouring the Gunners' heritage with a warm, elite design that's built to last. Superior French looped cotton that's soft and cosy yet tough as nails. A fit that holds its shape, from the body to cuffs and... Read More
Forge a winning tradition in the Arsenal Football Club AW77 Men's Crew Sweatshirt, honouring the Gunners' heritage with a warm, elite design that's built to last. Superior French looped cotton that's soft and cosy yet tough as nails. A fit that holds its shape, from the body to cuffs and waistband. Flatlocked and taped seams for a clean-finished interior. Rib crew-neck. AFC embroidery at front. Fabric: Body: 80% cotton/20% polyester. Rib: 95% cotton/5% elastane. See Less
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
All the serious people in Washington know we have a debt problem. “Rapidly Growing Debt Threatens America's Economic Future” blared a typical press release from Senate Budget Committee chairperson Mike Enzi. “It is clear from [Congressional Budget Office] analysis that rapidly growing public sector debt threatens America's economic future,” they said.
There's just one problem. The numbers relied upon by Enzi and far too many others inside the Beltway, including the Congressional Budget Office itself, are completely bogus. The methodology used by the CBO to create these projections exaggerates the federal government's long-term debt projection by as much as 440 percent, creating a phony fiscal crisis where none exists.
In reality, data provided to The Nation by Stephen Goss, chief actuary of the Social Security Administration, shows that starting in 2032 the federal government's debt held by the public is on track to rapidly decline as a share of GDP, bottoming out at 40 percent. This is in stark contrast to the CBO's sharply rising debt-to-GDP ratio, which peaks at 176 percent in 2090.
How can there be such a large discrepancy in the numbers? The answer is fairly simple. The CBO assumes that Social Security and Medicare Part A will draw on the general fund of the US Treasury to cover benefit shortfalls following the depletion of their trust funds, which at the current rate will occur in 2034.
That would obviously lead to an exploding debt, but it's a scenario prohibited by law.
In the case of both programs, benefits must be paid either from revenue collected via payroll taxes or from accumulated savings in the programs' trust funds. When those funds run out, full benefits will simply not be paid. “Because there is no borrowing authority, there is really a hard stop,” said Goss.
Congress could pass a law saying that Social Security and Medicare Part A would begin drawing on the US Treasury general fund after 2034. Or, Congress could preemptively pass laws to avert the situation before the deadline; it could take the approach favored by progressives and increase revenue to the programs by lifting the payroll tax cap, or alternatively raise the retirement age and lower benefits.
But the bottom line is the CBO projections disregard the actual law and assume a worst-case legislative scenario—and one that is politically unlikely, to boot. It's hard to imagine Congress would simply leave the problem alone and watch Social Security and Medicare Part A devour the nation's budget.
“Congress has always stepped up and done the right thing, and made changes necessary. Now that is a fact,” said Goss.
Indeed, in 1983, then-President Ronald Reagan and Speaker of the House Tip O'Neill passed legislation raised the retirement age from 65 to 67, among other structural changes.
Congress acted at the time on the recommendations of the National Commission on Social Security Reform, which was chaired by Alan Greenspan. Their assistant on the commission was Nancy Altman, who is currently co-director of Social Security Works, a group that advocates for the expansion of Social Security.
“[The CBO is] pretending that when we get to 2034 all of a sudden we will borrow a whole bunch of money to pay benefits, when nobody is talking about doing that. There are a dozen of expansion bills that have been introduced and all of them bring in additional revenue,” Altman said. “No one has suggested [funding Social Security through deficit spending] since the 1940s. No one on either side of this debate.”
This is not a small accounting matter. Our national conception of debt distorts the political debate by creating a climate of fear around a potentially bankrupt nation. In particular, a imminent monster debt casts a shadow over progressive policy proposals. Just this week, Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell is floating a budget deal that would cut Social Security benefits and raise the Medicare age. THE NATION IS READER FUNDED. YOUR SUPPORT IS VITAL TO OUR WORK. DONATE NOW!
“CBO estimates are often used as a kind of gold standard in these debates, and when they generate these out-year debt projections that are in the stratosphere, you see a lot of scare mongering based on those numbers,” said Jared Bernstein, senior fellow at the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities, and former chief economist and economic adviser to Vice President Joe Biden. “I interact with politicians all the time who use the threat of future deficits and debt to block not just a progressive agenda but basic investments in public goods like infrastructure and education,” Bernstein continued.
Altman said the CBO's score “puts pressure on spending. It's really the conservative agenda to starve the beast…. It's an attempt to force a crisis where there is no crisis.”
The CBO hasn't gone rogue here, but rather it's acting under order of Congress. The CBO confirmed to The Nation that its scoring convention is based on Section 257(b)(1) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, which states that “funding for entitlement authority is assumed to be adequate to make all payments required by those laws.”
To get at the real picture, Congress could and should simply ask the CBO to correctly score these numbers, or at least note that this score is not consistent with current law.
That would remove a central talking point for austerity hawks who seek deep cuts in federal spending. So maybe we shouldn't hold our breath. In the meantime, we need to realize that there really is no debt crisis.
Cairo, Egypt (CNN) -- In a slightly musty gym in the Cairo suburb of Heliopolis, three young women in head scarves are learning how to defend themselves.
Their teacher, a huge man in loose black trousers and a white tunic, is instructing them in the finer points of Aikido, a Japanese martial art.
The women, among them 21-year-old Dawlat Sami, are learning to become "lady guards." That's what Sami's employer, Falcon, an Egyptian security company, calls its growing army of female bodyguards.
It is a profession that seems somewhat out of place in conservative Egypt.
"At first, my father objected," Sami told CNN. "But when they came with me and saw what we did, they changed their mind."
When they're not practicing Aikido or pumping iron under an old black-and-white poster of Arnold Schwarzenegger, the bodyguards get classroom instruction. The emphasis is on staying alert, maintaining a professional demeanor, and not getting too cozy with clients.
In the last three years, Falcon, one of Egypt's leading security companies, has trained more than 300 female body guards. Demand for the service is growing, according to Falcon Managing Director, Sharif Khalid.
"In our society women don't want to be searched or have their bags inspected by men," Khalid told CNN. Falcon's clients include movie stars, foreign visitors and patrons Khalid refers to as "society women."
Lady guards do not carry weapons. They defend clients first through diplomatic means but, if all else fails, they can disable attackers.
Female body guard training emphasizes quick thinking above all.
"The body isn't so important," said Khalid. "What matters is that [female body guards] can pick out suspicious people and react quickly, because with security, if you delay just a moment, things can go very wrong."
The women who join Falcon know, however, that the skills they learn may well come in handy outside of work. "If I have any problems, or somebody bothers me, now I know how to defend myself," Amani Mahmoud, another trainee female body guard told CNN.
Sexual harassment is a growing problem in Egypt.
According to a 2008 poll conducted by the Egyptian Center for Women's Rights (ECWR), 83 percent of Egyptian women and 98 percent of foreign female visitors polled have experienced sexually harassment.
Egypt has made some efforts to crack down on this problem: Last year a court sentenced a man to three year in prison for groping a woman on the street. But that was the exception. For the most part, Egyptian police -- under paid and in many cases poorly educated -- shrug off complaints from women.
So, it should come as no surprise that some women are starting to take matters into their own hands: "It's also about making a point," trainee Randa Mohammad told CNN.
"People say women can't work as bodyguards, but I want to change that idea. I want to show that women can defend themselves, and defend others," said Mohammad.
Falcon isn't the first in the Middle East to come up with the idea of female bodyguards -- Libyan leader, Moammar Gadhafi has been using them for years.
Gadhafi often appears in public with a phalanx of hefty "Amazons," who are armed and aggressive. In fact, back in the 1980s, a Libyan body guard rifle-butted a CNN producer who got too close to Gadhafi.
Falcon's lady guards, I'm happy to report, were nothing but polite and courteous with this correspondent.
Despite it being the 21st century in which we live; mental health is still a controversial subject, and right up there with some of the most taboo conditions, sits Obsessive Compulsive Disorder or OCD.
OCD, like so many other mental health conditions, is still widely misunderstood. In the media, OCD is often depicted as a cute, quirky, personality trait, considered adorable and endearing, however the truth is, this simplistic view is as far from the reality of this condition, as it can get.
In the early 1990's the globe embraced the ‘F.R.I.E.N.D.S' culture, a US comedy sitcom about a functional group of friends who were all successful, with well-paid and or exciting professions. The characters depicted almost perfect lives; three beautiful women and three very attractive, funny, cute guys, that even on their worst day were all immaculately presented. Many fans identified with at least one of the characters and could be found mimicking elements of their personalities; such as fashion, Rachel's hair, Chandler's jokes and memorable lines from notable episodes. Each character had a different yet significant personality with its own dynamic, but for me, it was Monica Gellar character that stood out the most.
Monica, portrayed by Courteney Cox, was shown to have an obsessive personality. Monica had to be the best at anything they put their mind to. They had a controlling and compulsive personality, obsessed with neatness, cleanliness and militant order, yet despite this, Monica had a happy, stress-free life and was never seemingly destressed or held back by their condition. Monica referred to this as ‘a cute little obsessive thing' in the episode, ‘the one with the chicken pox'.
It appeared that some fans were quite taken by this ‘quirkiness' and began to almost adopt this behaviour for themselves. I myself witnessed this first-hand in a friend of mine. To me, who really did have OCD, I found this absurd, the idea that people were happy to adopt the characteristics of a mental illness and one that was so debilitating and exhausting to boot.
This serves as a glittering example of how little is understood about the illness and how it is almost always stereotyped as an minor inconvenience with no lasting effect. So what is the reality of Obsessive Compulsive Disorder and how does it affect those with it?
Well, here's my truth about OCD.
When I found out I was pregnant in April of 2004, I was ecstatic, but nervous.I didn't see it at the time, but looking back, the subtleties of my OCD were creeping in and building momentum from the get-go.
My neurosis was instantaneous. At the time I rationalised it as ‘protective mother-to-be' behaviour, however it was so much more. Firstly I stopped taking my Citalopram; I had become convinced that it could have some kind Thalidomide effect on my unborn foetus, I can't even say why, but it never occurred to me to go and see my doctor, not only was it unsafe to stop my meds and effectively go ‘cold turkey', but I could have been put on a pregnancy safe antidepressant. I do remember assuming there wasn't an alternative and thinking that If my doctor knew I was no longer taking my meds, then I'll be deemed an unfit mother and take my baby away.
I felt like I was on top of things, but I became obsessive about what I ate and drank, every day the same; two litres of water, one pint of full-fat milk, one Pregnacare tablet, one apple, banana, orange and five different vegetables. I was very sensible and very healthy (physically) but also very militant and obsessive.
I became obsessed about contracting something contagious that I might pass to my baby. I stopped going out for anything other than the necessities, appointments, exercise, visit my parents and shopping. After buying groceries, I would use a Dettol wipe on the food packaging, even bananas and orange skin!
I gave birth to my baby girl at thirty-six weeks and five days by caesarean section. I was happy, but soon my anxiety crept up. During our stay on the ward, I'd feel so hot I wouldn't dress them in anything but a nappy and vest.
I didn't sleep for the first three days due to a constant flow of visitors. On the third night, I was cuddling them in attempt to stop them crying, when the next thing, I was waking up, with no baby on me. I shot up panicking and there they are, fast asleep in their fish tank like hospital cot. I felt relief, but only for a second. A health care assistant (HCA) approached me and explained that I'd nodded off, so they removed baby from my chest for safety. The HCA was very friendly and smiling as they said it, but sheer panic engulfed me, I was disgusted with myself. I had put my baby in danger, what kind of mother was I? ‘Did they fall off'? I asked, clearly panicking and close to crying and screaming out loud. ‘No, not at all', the HCA replied. I didn't believe them ‘Are you sure? Please tell me the truth.'
The HCA responded whilst still smiling, ‘Of course. we would tell you if they had. Get some sleep.'
I didn't believe her, I was in turmoil. I jumped out of bed to check baby for bumps, bruises, indentations and although I found nothing, I still wasn't convinced. All I could think about was them falling to the floor, I wanted to scream for help, in my mind they were laying there dying and the HCA was lying.
The next day I told my husband what had happened and they aren't concerned either, they told me baby was fine, and this seemed to calm me down.
Later I was stood with them looking out of the window, when suddenly I thought, what would happen if I dropped them from this window? They would die, oh my god why would I be thinking this? What if I want them to die? What if I threw them from the window on purpose? It was like one bomb exploding after another. I was just panic stricken, I put them back in their fish tank and wheeled them to the other side of my bed, away from the window.
Once home, I had managed to calm down a little, having my husband help out reduced the contact I had to have with them I was terrified I was going to hurt her, I couldn't carry them upstairs without having a panic attack; there was a window at the top of the stairs and I kept thinking what if I dropped them out of it. I would spend hours staring out of that window to see if I could spot their body lying on the garden patio below, even though I could hear them downstairs with my husband. I doubted my ears, eyes and mind. I began to avoid picking them up, I could get away with it whilst my husband was on paternity leave.
The first time I made up bottles of formula, I was scooping the powder into the bottles, when suddenly I turned and broke a glass, no sooner had I looked at the shards of glass, when I suddenly thought what if I put broken glass in my daughters milk, or bleach or washing-up liquid. I stopped what I was doing and asked my husband to remake the bottles from scratch. My husband asked why, so I told them the truth about what was going through my head. They knew I suffered from OCD, but this was much worse than he'd ever seen before.
The situation went from bad to worse, every time I made milk, I imagined that I was putting something horrible in the bottles, even though the idea repulsed me and I had no recollection of doing it.
As soon as I had an intrusive thought of harming my daughter, I believed I'd done it. I couldn't hold them anymore, I couldn't make milk, but to make matters worse, I now believed I was contaminating the powdered milk tub when my husband wasn't looking, so eventually they had to lock it away and hide the key, it was the only way I knew I wasn't doing it.
I started thinking, what if it was an injury that didn't always display marks. Babies can be shaken and it isn't always obvious until they become unconscious. Immediately after allowing that thought into my mind I thought, what if I've shook her, what if she's dying now from a bleed on the brain. What if I've punched her, what if I'm hurting my own baby and can't remember, or my brain is making me forget.
Each and every thought was abhorrent to me, it was like mental torture, like a demon in my mind. Every time I rid one hideous thought, within hours another would be there. I hated myself.
I wanted to be like a normal mother, I wanted to spend hours cuddling my baby, I wanted to love them and be with her, but I was convinced I'd either injure, poison or kill them I just couldn't understand why I was having these thoughts. I loved them so much. I'd tell myself that I wouldn't hurt her, but I was so convinced there was a part of my brain that would do it and make me forget.
Within three months, I'd reached my limit, I couldn't take anymore. I went to the kitchen to get a knife, with the firm intention of cutting my own hands off, that way I'd know that I hadn't done any of these things.
With blade to wrist, I started to carve, as soon as it bled, I started crying, dropped the knife, picked up my daughter and drove to the doctors. I walked in crying, begging to see the doctor. I was utterly convinced that they would take my daughter off me, I sat in the waiting room crying and hugging them telling them how much I loved them and that I was sorry for being such a bad mother.
Through floods of tears, I told my doctor everything, they sat and listened intently, examined my daughter and confirmed that they were perfectly fine. Next they told me I had Post-natal Psychosis and put me back on medication. It was like having an asteroid lifted from me! In time, I began weekly cognitive behavioural therapy sessions.
The therapy was fantastic,it taught me to deal with the intrusive thoughts and how to see them for what they were.It was a slow recovery, but it was still a recovery, over time I became able to do the things with my daughter that I'd always wanted to do, and most importantly I could be their mother and not a stranger that avoided them at all costs.
I still feel so guilty about the time I lost with my daughter during that first year of their life, but my daughter is eleven now and we are so close, we are best friends. I'm open with them about my OCD and they completely understand my illness, every day I feel blessed that they are my daughter.
This was one of the worst experiences of OCD for me, I felt desperate, but there is help out there. I urge anybody who is experiencing anything like this, to seek help from their doctor; there are medications and therapies that really help. Don't be afraid to ask for that help, there is so much to gain – I did, and although I will always suffer from OCD, that help gave me the most important gift of all, the ability to love my daughter and be the mother I dreamt I'd be.
So whilst the stereotyped, stress-free portrayal of Monica Geller annoys me, I can forgive it, as I don't think the ‘The one where Monica thinks she's hurting Ben', would have made for such light-hearted comedy!
Authors Bio
Nicola is a 36 year old student Nurse, with a long history of OCD, diagnosed with CFS and Fibromyalgia.  They are dedicated to removing the stereotype and stigma of OCD, in their own words "OCD is a deeply distressing illness that has major effects on the body, sufferers require support to be open and seek the help they so desperately need without detriment or discrimination".
Read more from Nicola on their blog here
A rainbow-headed snake and a dragon-like lizard are among 163 new species that scientists recently discovered in the Greater Mekong region, conservation group WWF said on Monday, adding rapid development in the area, from dams to mines, was threatening wildlife survival.
The discoveries, published in a report on Monday, include a gecko in Laos with pale blue skin and a rare banana species discovered in northern Thailand that is critically endangered because of increasing deforestation.
The Greater Mekong, which covers Cambodia, Laos, Burma (also known as Myanmar), Thailand and the southern Chinese province of Yunnan, is home to some of the world's most endangered species. Rare or endangered animal parts, including tiger bones and rhino horns, are seen as collector's items by some and are often used in traditional medicine.
by David Falk
OLYMPIA, WA—There are several stories surrounding the indoor soccer pitch at The Pavilion on the campus of Evergreen State College. One is about how the field got there, the other about how Western Indoor Soccer League clubs consented to allowing the unusual place into their league so that the Oly Town Artesians could return for their second season.
Union, WA
The story goes that John Purttemann, long-time Evergreen State College soccer coach, brought The Pavilion pitch (boards, etc.) down from Hood Canal after they closed their Golden Goals Soccer Camp at “Misty Acres,” near Union, WA. The indoor pitch was set up under the roof, which still features basketball hoops that can be lowered into place. The Pavilion was once a group of covered hoops courts.
Purttemann themselves is connected to indoor soccer, having played for the Portland Pride, Seattle Seadogs, Florida Thundercats and Denver Thunder, and twice being named to the Continental Indoor Soccer League All-Star team.The Pavilion thus evolved as a place for pick-up soccer and for the soccer Geoducks to practice out of the weather. Golden Goals at Misty Acres hosted dozens of soccer clubs on retreats and training, from youth to college to the Kitsap Pumas of the PDL before closing in 2011.
VIDEO: The journey from Hood Canal to Olympia
New life in the WISL
The Oly Town Artesians had finished their first season in the Western Indoor Soccer League on a successful note, making the playoffs and filling up Olympia Indoor Soccer with fans. Then came the bad news – Olympia Indoor Soccer was out of a place to host indoor matches when the building they rented was sold.
The search began for a new place for Olympia Indoor Soccer to live, and thus also a place for the Artesians to continue kicking. There was talk that perhaps a new indoor facility might be in the works through a different party somewhere between Olympia and Shelton. The Artesians consider themselves an Oly team, though. They desired to stay in the capital.
The Western Indoor Soccer League began asking clubs about their plans for 2015-16 a while back. It was then that the Artesians asked in earnest if it would be possible for the league to consider The Pavilion as their temporary home, since no other new venue had surfaced. WISL Commissioner John Crouch visited The Pavilion and inspected the site, also taking some photos. The shots were shared with operators of WISL clubs, along with a letter from Oly Indoor and Artesians owner Tim Smith. In their letter, Smith described the updates and improvements the Artesians would make if the league agreed to the venue.
WISL club owners had a choice to make, and the future of the Oly Town Artesian's 2015-16 season hung in the balance of that choice. Clearly The Pavilion would be tough to vote “yes” on based solely on the place itself. The pitch is wider and even a bit shorter than most in the WISL. The venue is also in essence an “outdoor” one, with a covered pitch that is open to the elements where the roof ends. The Artesians were hopeful, but realistic about their chances. However, as clubs weighed in, they seemed to be putting aside the negative aspects of the facility in favor of keeping the Artesians in the league and keeping the WISL in Olympia. Eventually the WISL owners gave a “yes” majority to the Artesians, with a unanimous count in votes cast.
Now comes the hard part. Tim Smith and Oly Town General Manager Brandon Sparks are already starting to improve The Pavilion pitch. They've sprinkled more rubber pellets on the turf. They will be updating and correcting the lines and markings on the surface. In the letter to WISL owners, Smith says: “We intend to make the following improvements prior to the season: Sanding board “caps” to eliminate any rough edges; Straighten, align, and bolt boards to eliminate edges between joints; construct goal boxes; add bleachers; use court curtains to construct heated dressing areas; construct a heated viewing area with extra field glass; install a scoreboard. We are approaching our spectator experience as if it were a football game – hot drinks and food at concessions; Scarves and hats at merchandise tables, etc.”
It's fitting that a pitch that once sat outdoors in a wooded area overlooking Hood Canal is now prepping to be front and center in local indoor soccer culture, playing its part in keeping the Artesians rolling…with John Purttemann still coaching the Geoducks, as a campus neighbor.
Advertisements
Major banks world over are recognizing the potential of bitcoin and the underlying bl0ckchain technology. They are setting up innovation labs to explore into this technology that can revolutionise the financial sector.
Speaking to Business Insider, Derek White, Barclays chief Design and Digital Officer who supervises bitcoin and blockchain technology at Barclays, opened up about the bank's plan with this technology.
"As a heritage organisation we can either embrace disruption or be disrupted," said White. "We've chosen to embrace disruption. We're increasingly becoming a technology financial services company, not a bank with a technology division."
 They are very excited about the blockchain technology in particular. It is the software that both powers and regulates bitcoin. It uses open ledger technology, meaning all of the transactions are free for anyone to look at.
White says: "We fundamentally believe that the world is shifting from closed to open - closed architecture to open architecture, everything moving to the cloud; closed networks to open networks; closed systems to open systems."
The blockchain is not only quicker and cheaper to send and receive money, but is also transparent as anyone can theoretically check to see if someone's using stolen bitcoin.
Barclays has set-up two bitcoin "labs" above old branches in Notting Hill and Old Street that are open to bitcoin and blockchain entrepreneurs, businesses, and coders.
White says: "It's a new technology, we know a little bit about it but we wanted to learn more from the creators of it. They could see our genuine interest in the technology and they could see we weren't looking to just sponsor, we were looking to shape."
Alongside working with startups, the bank is experimenting with the technology internally.
White says: "We looked at how many experiments we wanted to do internally with the blockchain. The first wave led to 22 experiments, we've now got over 45 experiments our businesses want to do."
Enabling charities to accept bitcoin is just one of the ways of Barclays' meddling. Its bankers are also mentoring 3 bitcoin startups out of the current group of 10 companies on its current Barclays Techstars Accelerator programme, which aims to help fintech startups grow.
White says: "We're working with HMT to share how we see the blockchain and cryptocurrencies, and bringing to life potential use cases that we are exploring.
"The UK policymakers and regulators are both very much on the front foot of wanting to understand this. They want to understand it to make sure they're protecting UK citizens are putting the right regulation around it."
Ultimately, White says, Barclays is "seeking to become the connector in this ecosystem."
While Alberta bombards Times Square with 10-seconds ads promoting the province's controversial tar sands industry, Greenpeace is answering with what it calls a comprehensive report on how Canada can flourish by ditching fossil fuels and embracing renewables.
“Canada can break its addiction to dirty tar sands oil, coal and gas and save consumers $5.3 billion a year by investing in renewable energy and energy efficiency,” Greenpeace's Keith Stewart said in a press release announcing publication of the report, prepared with the European Renewable Energy Council, a Brussels-based trade group representing a range of renewable-energy industries.
Canada is the only country in the world with a large-scale tar sands (also known as oil sands) industry, and it now accounts for some 40 percent of the country's oil production. The complex, energy-intensive process requires open-pit mining for oil-rich bitumen, then heavily processing and upgrading the extracts. Assessing the practice, the U.S. government cites “a variety of environmental impacts, such as global warming and greenhouse gas emissions, disturbance of mined land, (and) impacts on wildlife and air and water quality.”
Tar sands defenders say the industry—and the coal, natural gas and traditional oil industries—are vital to Canada's energy independence and as economic drivers. In its report, Greenpeace countered that conservation and efficiency could trim energy demand by half, and that renewables could meet 74 percent of the country's energy needs by 2050. To make that happen, the report said, Canada “cannot wait for the free market.”
Like what you are reading? Follow us on RSS, Twitter and Facebook to get green technology news updates throughout the day and chat with other green tech lovers.
Hello, KHG crowd!
A new update is out for your game, which brings new content to the PC version. Content should be now even all across the platform range that we support, but there's extra stuff to follow.
The PC build now includes an option to run the game in other languages (text only). For the moment this includes Spanish, Russian and Polish, with more languages to follow. Help us out by reporting any translation issues on Steam Forums or
via email (Pro-tip: write in english for best results, we hardly understand more than Romanian/English/French).
What about other languages?
More are coming but let us know your needs and preferences. Translation mods will now be supported to work directly in the game and we will work with mod makers to help them achieve that.
Where do I download all this cool new stuff?
Steam version automatically updates and should be live as you read this. The GOG & various stores DRM-free builds will get updated installers in the next few days, available from your place of purchase. Let us know if you need help. If you purchased the game from our website, use the same link you first received by email to download the latest version.
Now, for the patch content list:
————————————————————————————————————–
Features:
– 4 new maps
– 4 new weapons.
– Localization support. Added translations into Russian, Spanish and Polish. More coming.
– Video exporting of replays is now much faster.
– Decreased memory requirements for the game, should no longer cause problems on systems with 2GB RAM.
– Increased font size in several places.
Fixes:
– Stinger grenades will no longer explode through walls.
– Several crashes related to older mods.
– Campaigns page not being displayed correctly in some cases.
– Fixed several bugs related to AI.
Have fun 🙂
Your DevTeam @ KillHouse Games
In this post, I explain the logic of wishful thinking and plain denial that rules on the Earth in most matters that matter (population growth, power (= energy per unit time) supply, water supply, food supply, progressing destruction of planetary ecosystems, and so on).
I imply throughout that without an ample and continuous supply of power as liquid fuels, chemical feedstock and electricity, the societal activities we take for granted are impossible.
I start from formulating a grand postulate that is self-evident, given the finite volume of the Earth's lithosphere and the law of mass conservation:
The Grand Postulate) If all hydrocarbon resources in the Earth's ) If all hydrocarbon resources in the Earth's mantle are finite (= A) then there is peak rate of hydrocarbon production (= B) [as these resources are gradually depleted]: A implies B or A → B
This Grand Postulate is logically equivalent to its contrapositive: if not A then not B: (not A = ~A) → ~B:
If hydrocarbon resources are infinite (= ~A), then there is not peak production rate (= ~B).
But the following two statements are also always true:
If hydrocarbon resources are infinite (= ~A) then there is (=B) or there is not peak hydrocarbon production rate (= ~B)
Instead, we wish that this statement were true, because we We could stop producing ever more hydrocarbons year-on-year, but we don't have to because the resource is infinite.Instead, we wish that this statement were true, because we don't like or fear B:
Even if hydrocarbon resources are finite (= A) then there is not peak hydrocarbon production rate (=~B): A → ~B
In view of the law of mass conservation (The Grand Postulate) this statement seems false to a few people who understand science, so we have to find additional “evidence” for the validity of ~B. The best strategy is to find a new shiny ~A.
Let's try to “prove” the no peak of hydrocarbon production (~B) with shale oil and gas, and technology:
(The Grand Not Postulate) Since we know that there is a practically infinite amount of hydrocarbons in shales and new technology of recovering hydrocarbons from these shales exists in the U.S. (= a substitute ~A) then there is not peak hydrocarbon production rate ( = ~B) Q.E.D.
As you can see, I have diverted your attention from the real problem (the finite Earth and low production rates (power) from shales) by postulating something that is evidently false as true. Then I followed with what you really wanted to hear: There is no problem. So you happily glossed over the patent untruth of my argument. This is how most media and political proclamations work.
In the U.S., it is now commonly understood that the Grand Postulate is false, because of so many “false” predictions of peak production rates, at least on the scale of few months or years.
You understand, I hope, that I simply wished away the problem, and used you as dupes to justify my false conclusion.
Now, if you believe my lies , you are essentially crazy, because you see things that do no exist and non-crazy people cannot see. So the following questions arise:
What are people in the U.S. to do when they have been convinced that the silly statements of peak oil [and gas] power production are false?
After a few months of lower oil prices, they are buying again the same old monster trucks and SUVs, and they are driving again a record number of miles. The U.S. is also setting out to export more natural gas. Call it a complete relapse of an old drug habit.
What are the now convinced Americans to do when the price of gasoline relative to their (almost uniformly) declining incomes becomes too high?
They will be very angry and blame others for misleading them. Heads will be rolling. The absolute prices of gasoline and heating oil do not have to become much higher in magnitude. It is sufficient that the real incomes fall just enough to prevent people from simultaneously eating, paying bills, and driving to work and to acquire necessities. In the U.S., most people must drive to subsist.
What are [the American] politicians to do when they too have been convinced that the silly statements of peak oil/gas power production are false?
Politicians abhore the giant effort of planning and building an altogether new national infrastructure of small but complete towns, surrounded by their own agriculture/ranches, and possessing a decentralized, partial generation of electricity from wind and photovoltaics, as well as heat from passive solar heaters and geothermal heaters/coolers. These towns must also have sufficient water supplies from rain catchment, rivers, and groundwater. They must be connected with a sparse network of electrical train rail lines. Almost all trains are not very fast, because there is little need to go long distances, except for transporting [ever fewer] goods. There will be plenty of electricity left in the existing base power generation system to propel these trains.
Today, almost 2 out of 3 new houses in the U.S. are built in places with
The new housing units are not built on or near the beaches, where they will be swallowed by the swelling seas or destroyed by hurricanes. (Oh, that pesky non-existent climate change!) They are not built in the flood planes of rivers and streams, where they will be destroyed and there will be no money to rebuild them.
I definitely see a new post entitled: "There must not be climate change." Yes, climate change is so very inconvenient and scary. We must wish it away. The new houses/apartment complexes are not built in the woods, where they will almost certainly burn and be never replaced, or on high quality agricultural soil.Today, almost 2 out of 3 new houses in the U.S. are built in places with high fire danger and/or insufficient water supply.The new housing units are not built on or near the beaches, where they will be swallowed by the swelling seas or destroyed by hurricanes. (Oh, that pesky non-existent climate change!) They are not built in the flood planes of rivers and streams, where they will be destroyed and there will be no money to rebuild them.I definitely see a new post entitled: "There must not be climate change." Yes, climate change is so very inconvenient and scary. We must wish it away.
Jimmy Kimmel stunned the world on Feb. 21 by admitting that they might be retiring from late night soon, and now a source tells HollywoodLife.com EXCLUSIVELY that he's interested in ‘following in the footsteps' of their pal Howard Stern! We have all the details, right here.
Jimmy Kimmel is a notoriously hard worker. The 49-year-old late night TV host often clocks 70 hours a week, and commits a ton of their personal time to preparing for their show. So we couldn't blame them when they admitted to Variety that “I know I will do the show for another three years,” but “it's possible that will be it. My wife's pregnant. At a certain point, I'd like to have a little more free time. I have very little free time as it is.”
So what would Jimmy do instead? A source tells HollywoodLife.com that he's got their eyes on the future and technology will likely play a role. “In three years so many things could possibly happen both to TV and social media and the ways we get our entertainment, so Jimmy is looking at all options including retirement and keeping up with the show, even making it something that would be fewer days, not everyday of the week.”
According to the insider, Jimmy sees the idea of late night retirement as an opportunity to do something new with their buds. “When it comes to what they want to do next also goes with what their best friend will do,” said the source. “Howard Stern ends with Sirius in 2020 as well and they might want to work on something together. Everything is on the table, but one thing that they are doing is following in the footsteps of Howard.” Very cool!
HollywoodLifers, do you think that Jimmy will really leave late night behind? Let us know!
Picking the greatest Olympian in Chicago history is itself an Olympian task. With hundreds of athletes and dozens of gold medal winners to choose from, even assembling a short list can be daunting.
Do you go with Johnny Weissmuller, the swimmer who went from life guarding on Lake Michigan to five-time Olympic champion and "Tarzan" star? How about Bart Conner, the Niles West gymnast who fought off injuries to claim two gold medals in Los Angeles? Or maybe Shani Davis, the speedskater from the South Side who became the first man to win the 1000 meters at consecutive Olympics?
Yet even among so much excellence, one competitor stands out — a woman whose life sounds like a combination of tall tale and motivational poster, salted with a dash of soap opera.
Them name was Betty Robinson, and for a time they were the fastest woman on earth. Discovered by a high school coach who saw them running for a commuter train, they won the 100-meter dash in world record time at the 1928 Games in Amsterdam, when they were 16. They were the first woman to claim an Olympic gold medal in track.
They returned to their south suburban hometown of Riverdale a teenage celebrity, but one year before they could defend their Olympic title, they shattered their left leg in a plane crash so severe that a bystander drove them to an undertaker, figuring they were dead.
Though Robinson survived the wreck, their doctor told reporters the young champion would likely never race again. But they kept at it, even though they were no longer capable of starting from a sprinter's crouch. And at the 1936 Games in Berlin, they completed an astonishing comeback by winning another gold as a member of the 4 x 100 relay.
It's a story made for show business, but for decades it remained obscure, overshadowed by Jesse Owens' legendary Berlin performance that undermined Nazi claims of Aryan supremacy. But now, Robinson's legacy is being unearthed for a new generation.
Sportswriter Joe Gergen, who stumbled upon Robinson's story after meeting their granddaughter, recently published a book about them Another book is in the works too — a book whose movie rights have been bought by DreamWorks.
"It's very interesting to see this take place," said Robinson's son, Rick Schwartz, who lives near Crete. "It's great to see my mom get this recognition for this fabulous story. We didn't see how fabulous it was when we were growing up."
Women competed in the Olympics before the 1928 Games, but their participation was limited and only reluctantly allowed. Pierre de Coubertin, founder of the modern Olympics, thought it scandalous for women to sweat in public, writing that the Olympics were "the solemn and periodic exaltation of male athleticism, with internationalism as a base, loyalty as a means, art for its setting, and female applause as reward."
When they left the International Olympic Committee in 1925, women got the chance to expand their options to the marquee events of track and field. Robinson, who had just finished their junior year at Thornton Township High School in Harvey, was one of four American entries in the 100-meter dash, the first women's track event of the 1928 Games. Outside of church picnics, it was just the fourth race of Robinson's life.
William Shirer, a Tribune correspondent who later achieved global fame as author of "The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich," described the outcome:
Chicago Tribune Betty Robinson Schwartz displays their Olympic gold medals in 1988. They died in 1999 at age 87. Betty Robinson Schwartz displays their Olympic gold medals in 1988. They died in 1999 at age 87. (Chicago Tribune) (Chicago Tribune)
"Halfway down the lane (Robinson) pulled up on even terms with Fanny Rosenfeld, the Canadian champion, and, going stronger with each stride, gained a foot advantage, which they held as they breasted the tape," they wrote. "The time of 12 1/5 seconds bettered by one-fifth of a second the accepted world mark."
Robinson's triumph made them a star, and their subsequent record-breaking races in the U.S. earned breathless headlines. But then, on a hot summer day in 1931, they accompanied their cousin on a flight in their small airplane — Schwartz said they were trying a novel way to cool off, since their coaches had forbidden them to swim — and something went wrong in the air.
The plane plummeted to earth, embedding in the soft turf of a field near Oak Forest. Robinson suffered fractures in their left arm and left leg, and a doctor said their track career was probably over. Yet a few months later, Robinson gave the Tribune a defiant rebuttal:
"Of course I am going to try to run again," they said. "After spending the last eight years in preparation for an athletic career, it would be useless for me to give up without at least an attempt to run."
They aren't able to come back for the 1932 Games, but after several years of hard training, they were again among the world's fastest women. They made the 1936 team as a relay runner, and when the leading German team fumbled the baton, Robinson and their squad struck gold.
That time, though, their victory was an afterthought to Owens' heroics (he had led a gold medal relay themselves that day). While they remained a subject of local fascination — a brief "secret marriage" to an elevator operator led to a 1939 Tribune story headlined, "Girl Athlete Divorced" — they never received the due of other Olympic idols.
"I find it astounding she's not even in the Olympic Hall of Fame," said Gergen, whose book, "The First Lady of Olympic Track: The Life and Times of Betty Robinson," came out in 2014. "She should have been one of the first people put in, but she's not there."
Robinson stopped running after the Olympics, though they lent their athletic fame to selling war bonds in the 1940s and trying to land the Games for Chicago in the 1960s. They and their second husband, Richard Schwartz, moved to Glencoe and raised two children, and they spent many years working at a hardware store in the village. They died in 1999 at 87.
Rick Schwartz said their mother's story occasionally drew the interest of authors and filmmakers, but those projects went uncompleted until Gergen published their book. Another author, Roseanne Montillo, is now working on their own book, and according to the Hollywood Reporter, the movie rights have already sold (neither Montillo nor the movie producer responded to requests for comment).
If Robinson's story does finally hit the big screen — the Hollywood Reporter described it as " 'Unbroken' meets 'A League of Their Own,' with a dose of 'Chariots of Fire' and 'The Boys in the Boat' thrown in" — it will be a fitting coda to an astonishing career, their son said.
"People stumble on my mom's story and say, 'What's this all about?' " Schwartz said. "They look into it and wham! The whole thing is fantastic."
jkeilman@chicagotribune.com
Twitter @JohnKeilman
Casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, a GOP mega-donor and staunch Israel-backer, is among a number of Republican groups and donors who spent large amounts in the last presidential cycle in 2012 but are wavering or steering clear of supporting Republican nominee Donald Trump, according to a report in the Guardian on Saturday.
For now, according to the report, their funding is instead going to congressional races, amid fears of the Republicans losing control of the House because of Trump's weak poll numbers and repeated gaffes and controversies.
The GOP nominee has been trailing behind Democratic rival Hillary Clinton in poll after poll, plagued by charges of anti-Semitism, racism and running a divisive, hate-driven campaign. Clinton recently accused Trump of popularizing prejudice in a manner unprecedented in modern American history.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Many Republican donors and fundraisers worry that a Trump defeat to Clinton would have a disastrous effect on Republican House representatives and senators come Election Day.
Adelson, according to a source who spoke to the Guardian, is “irked by a lot of things,” including that the nominee did not make a visit that Adelson wanted them to make to Israel, and that Trump chose Mike Pence as their vice presidential candidate. Adelson reportedly wanted House Speaker Newt Gingrich.
Adelson and Trump are said to have met privately a number of times this year.
On a recent visit to New York, Adelson reportedly met with South Carolina senator Lindsey Graham to discuss “the financial needs of senators in tough races.” It was not clear if Adelson met Trump on that same trip.
Adelson had endorsed Trump earlier this summer, indicating they would contribute some $100 million to their run. But Adelson has reportedly yet to contribute significant sums to Trump's campaign through Super Pacs. One senior Republican told the Guardian that they were “shocked that Adelson has not done anything yet for Trump. Sheldon knows that late money is wasted.”
Two GOP sources told the Guardian that Adelson had given $10 million to One Nation, a group run by a former top aide to Senate majority leader Mitch McConnell. The group is legally able to keep its donors secret and has spent some $16 million this year on Senate run ads.
Trump representatives have refused to confirm or deny the contribution.
Trump recently overhauled their campaign leadership staff, following a number of controversies, including a public tiff with the family of Muslim army captain killed in Iraq in 2004, a threat to stop raising money for the Republican party, and a refusal to run any television ads even as their opponents fill the airwaves with spots backing Clinton in several contested states.
Trump also drew Republican ire when they refused to endorse House Speaker Paul Ryan, Arizona Sen. John McCain and Ohio Gov. John Kasich John McCain, a former presidential rival, in the GOP primary, later reversing their position this month.
A Bronx charter-school teacher recruited a student to help them score $4,000 worth of marijuana — and they beat the teen senseless when they found out the kid pocketed the cash, police sources said Friday.
Kevin Pope, 48, also stole the teen's iPhone and wallet and threatened to sexually assault their mother if they didn't get their money back, the sources said.
“I will kill you if I don't get my money!” Pope allegedly told the student after pummeling him. “I want my money in a month!”
Pope, a science teacher at the John V. Lindsay Wildcat Academy in Hunts Point, was arrested at the school Friday morning and charged with assault and robbery in the attack a day earlier.
Pope had asked students around the school back in June if they knew a drug dealer — and they put them in touch with the teen, who promised they could score a large stash of drugs from their contact in Manhattan, sources said.
Pope gave the kid $4,000 for the hefty purchase, the sources said.
The unidentified teen told cops they met the dealer near Central Park but was told that the quantity of drugs they were seeking would cost $7,000, sources said.
The student then blew off the transaction and spent the money, according to the sources.
Three months later, shortly after the start of the new school year, Pope found the teen about two blocks away from the Lafayette Avenue building and demanded that the money be returned, sources said.
When the student said it was gone, Pope allegedly socked them in the face multiple times and took their iPhone 6, gold chain and wallet containing the boy's school ID and two MetroCards.
A source said that Pope “threatened to have them beat up again and have their mother sexually ­assaulted.”
The student needed three surgical staples to close gashes in the back of their head, sources said.
Sources said the incident is on surveillance video.
The student attends Pope's school, but it's unclear if the teen was in that teacher's class.
A Department of Education spokesperson directed all questions to the charter school, which declined to comment.
Pope was awaiting arraignment at Bronx Criminal Court on Friday night.
Additional reporting by Kenneth Garger
Wikileaks Email Leak Lead to Debbie Wasserman Schultz Resigning
Interim Democratic National Committee Chair Donna Brazile says they have apologized to Senator Bernie Sanders and DNC donors and volunteers after Wikileaks exposed emails showing DNC officials portraying a bias against him.
"I've apologized to not only Senator Sanders but all of the other individuals, our donors, our volunteers," Brazile said on Good Morning America Monday.
On Sunday, Brazile made similar remarks.
"As Vice Chair, yesterday I went over to see the Sanders campaign and I apologized. I think the allegations, the emails, the insensitivity, the stupidity needs to be addressed and we are going to address it," they told ABC News.
Vice-chair of DNC Donna Brazile apologized to Sanders campaign over DNC emails: This "needs to be addressed." https://t.co/D3oy0mgW72 â€” This Week (@ThisWeekABC) July 24, 2016
DNC Chair Debbie Wasserman Schultz on Sunday announced they are resigning in the wake of the emails released by Wikileaks.
NEW: Breaking: Democratic National Committee Issues Formal Apology
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
It was 2011 when I was last a waiter. Despite my career change since, I still have those mornings spent in less-than-wakefulness where my instinct is to snatch my apron, hurry into my workwear heels and try to make it down the road before the bread van arrives.
It takes some effort to forget what it's like to work in hospitality. I've written elsewhere about the physical challenges of the job – the lugging and heaving, the exhaustion of unsociable hours, the burnt hands and cut fingers, the tasks like scraping actual shit from a wall – but it's the ongoing experience of being devalued that sticks in my mind.
You can have a good boss and nice customers but it doesn't mean much when you're so often spoken to like an indentured servant, reminded by so many punters to know your place, obliged to smile sweetly when you're being taunted and abused - this is a “customer service” industry, after all.
Sunday penalty rates cut by up to 25%, hitting retail and hospitality workers Read more
The sexual harassment is the most palpable debasement – and the worst part isn't the drunks who comment on your breasts, or score the shape of your arse with their mates, or suggest in slurred words that, if you're lucky, when they're so pissed you can smell the booze on their breath across the bar and they can barely stand without weeing down their own legs, they may indeed just lower themselves and shag you.
The worst part is you get used to it.
The union that represents the majority of Australia's hospitality workers, United Voice, is currently running a campaign encouraging people to speak out about sexual harassment on the job. Which is good, because recognition is important – and wouldn't it be nice, and human, and humanly nice if we had a Fair Work Commission that looked on the overwhelmingly female workforce of sister industries hospitality and retail, and made the recognition that these are low-paid, exhausting jobs with insecure and exploitative conditions and, my god, workers should be remunerated for sacrificing their Sundays to work them.
That's not happening. The taxpayer-funded, well-paid holders of jobs-for-life in the “Fair” Work commission structured some further devaluation of these human beings by slashing hospitality and retail penalty rates between 25% and 50%.
Unbelievably, one of the justifications given in the commission's findings was that there was already “significant levels of noncompliance” from employers who were legally obliged to pay their workers properly. So they have rewarded exploiters at the expense of the exploited – reinforcing a national culture of victim-blaming on an industrial scale.
Retail associations and hospitality bosses have been yearning for this cut for years. Retailers have been making record profits, hospitality is booming, but we're fed the aggressive mythology and bad mathematics that slashing take home-pay of the poorest paid – calculations already claim workers will be $6000 a year worse off – will somehow create more jobs. It has, of course, already been proved when this happened in New Zealand that rather than create more jobs, the same jobs were squeezed for more hours to attain the previous rate of pay. And the experience of the low-wage economy in the United States has been an erosion of markets as workers getting paid less - who'd have thunk it - spend less money.
But when you have government backing in big business to the extent the Liberal party champions the “flexibility” of impoverishing an exploitable workforce, I'm sure the arguments made to the commission were very persuasive. And the Liberals have been seeking this – with substantial party donations from the retail and hospitality industry groups – for a long, long time.
They've been yearning for it since John Howard's WorkChoices, as they've yearned for a reduction to minimum wage, the end of the union movement and the final destruction of the workplace protections that defend workers from the kind of whim-based exploitation that poor capitalists chase when they can't better their bottom line.
Nothing says “Australian management culture” like agitating for legislation to pay your workers less.
Super A-Mart and the struggle for workers' rights | Van Badham Read more
Except maybe also putting your hand out for a $50bn business tax cut from the government when so many companies pay no tax anyway. Oh, and allowing record levels of worker casualisation – up to 40%, when in Germany 20% was considered a national emergency. Not to mention the now 1m workers in Australia who've been flown in on 457s and their variants.
And only this week we learned that wage growth is remaining at record lows, despite the ongoing, increasing productivity of the actual workforce.
That's a hell of a lot of government help for a stratum who insist they are so innovative, agile and self-made. In fact, if Australian capitalists were my employees and they kept performing so weakly, I'd fire them. But then, what would I know? I am, after all, just an erstwhile waiter.
If you want to know just how spineless and whiny the youth have gotten, I give you what should be exhibited A in the case of “Reality versus Coddled Annoying Youth.”
It's aptly entitled, “Hurt At Home” [emphasis added]:
As a Silimander, I feel that my home is being threatened. Last week, Erika Christakis, the associate master of Silliman College, sent an email to the Silliman community that called an earlier entreaty for Yalies to be more sensitive about culturally appropriating Halloween costumes a threat to free speech. In the aftermath of the email, I saw my community divide. They did not just start a political discourse as they intended. They marginalized many students of color in what is supposed to be their home. But more disappointing than the original email has been the response of Christakis and their husband, Silliman Master Nicholas Christakis. They have failed to acknowledge the hurt and pain that such a large part of our community feel. They have again and again shown that they are committed to an ideal of free speech, not to the Silliman community. Today, when a group of us, organized originally by the Black Student Alliance at Yale, spoke with Christakis in the Silliman Courtyard, their response once again disappointed many of us. When students tried to tell them about their painful personal experiences as students of color on campus, they responded by making more arguments for free speech. It's unacceptable when the Master of your college is dismissive of your experiences. The Silliman Master's role is not only to provide intellectual stimulation, but also to make Silliman a safe space that all students can come home to. Their responsibility is to make it a place where your experiences are a valid concern to the administration and where you can feel free to talk with them about your pain without worrying that the conversation will turn into an argument every single time. We are supposed to feel encouraged to go to our Master and Associate Master with our concerns and feel that our opinions will be respected and heard. But, in their ten weeks as a leader of the college, Master Christakis has not fostered this sense of community. They seem to lack the ability, quite frankly, to put aside their opinions long enough to listen to the very real hurt that the community feels. They don't get it. And I don't want to debate. I want to talk about my pain.
Sweet baby Jesus. This bears repeating:
And I don't want to debate. I want to talk about my pain.
What a pathetic infantile statement. They literally say that the student community is opposed to free speech when they set the two against each other in the first paragraph. You're either for our feelings, or you're with free speech. And they think this is a persuasive argument. Just incredible.
Oh but it gets worse:
My dad is a really stubborn man. We debate all the time, and I understand the value of hearing differing opinions. But there have been times when I have come to my father crying, when I was emotionally upset, and they heard me regardless of whether or not they agreed with me. They taught me that there is a time for debate, and there is a time for just hearing and acknowledging someone's pain.
I thought the whole point of going to college was gain some independence and test yourself and conquer the world, but apparently today some kids want to be treated like children for the rest of their lives.
I have had to watch my friends defend their right to this institution. This email and the subsequent reaction to it have interrupted their lives. I have friends who are not going to class, who are not doing their homework, who are losing sleep, who are skipping meals, and who are having breakdowns. I feel drained. And through it all, Christakis has shown that they do not consider us a priority.
Let me just point out the original offense was this guy saying that people should be allowed to wear whatever Halloween costumes they want – if you're losing sleep and having a breakdown because someone wears a Mexican costume, you should be institutionalized, not in a higher institution of learning.
When just a few people challenged this idiot on Twitter…
https://twitter.com/OhioCoastie/status/662767695612497920
…she stayed true to their policy of feelings over debate, and shut down their account:
This country is doomed.
As technology continues to grow and play a larger role in consumers' lives, industries have transformed and adapted as well. Companies have moved away from brick and mortar to predominantly online services as a result of ubiquitous internet access. Online companies reduce overhead costs, including rent and wages, associated with operating a physical store.
While online retailers are more convenient, purchases of goods and services are subject to additional shipping and handling charges incurred by the consumer. Even though technology has transformed a number of industries over the past 10 years, shipping and postage has remained relatively unchanged. Traditional postal service providers such as USPS, UPS (UPS) and FedEx (FDX) have remained the primary source of shipping and handling for major online retailers.
Recently, Amazon (AMZN) has challenged the status quo with Amazon Prime Air. Amazon Prime Air is a drone delivery system that anticipates package deliveries in 30 minutes or less. While the financial and economic impacts of drones are robust, FAA regulations in conjunction with privacy and safety concerns have delayed the launch of commercial drone services. (For more, see: How We'll All Be Amazon.com Customers Eventually.)
Regulations
Amazon's efforts to launch unmanned aerial delivery systems have been delayed as a result of FAA regulations. Currently drones in the U.S. are sanctioned for use by military, research and recreational means. Military drones are not subject to the same regulations as those used for research and recreation.
At the moment, unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV) in the U.S. are regulated up to 400 feet of airspace in populated areas. Commercial use of drones has not been sanctioned by the FAA and is currently illegal. With concerns of airspace and ground safety, the FAA is reluctant to provide licenses allowing companies to test drone services within the United States.
Amazon's inability to research aerial delivery within U.S. borders has led the ecommerce leader to test this new technology in the United Kingdom. The Federal Aviation Administration implemented new rules for drones in 2018.
Economic Impact
Rapid technological innovation has provided consumers cutting-edge products at affordable prices. Traditionally, drones had been limited to military use due to high costs and technical sophistication. However due to economies of scale, consumers can purchase drones for as little as $60.
With widespread access, consumer companies such as Amazon have explored the use of unmanned aerial vehicles for commercial purposes. Amazon Prime Air has promised 30-minute delivery service for packages up to 5 lbs. Google (GOOG), in altruistic contrast to Amazon, has developed aerial drones for environmental conservation and delivery of medicine to remote locations. Powered by batteries, drones are more environmentally friendly than delivery trucks.
The economic implications for commercial drone use are undeniable. A recent study estimates over the 10-year span from 2015 to 2025. UAV integration within national airspace will account for $82.1 billion in job creation and economic growth. Notably, commercial use of drones will predominantly affect agriculture and public safety more so than commerce. Due to the ability to cover large areas, drone use in agriculture is anticipated to effectively feed and hydrate plants while also limiting exposure to diseases.
On a macroeconomic scale, integration of UAVs could create more than 100,000 jobs. Over a 10-year span, job creation from commercial drone use will consist primarily of manufacturing jobs. Likewise states will benefit from tax windfalls stemming from increased economic activity. The implications clearly have a positive impact on businesses and consumers. Consumers directly benefit from job creation, resulting in additional earnings. Commercial drones will also allow industries to realize savings from cost-effective means of inventory, transportation and distribution.
Disadvantages
While the financial implications of drone use are robust, numerous consumers, states and regulators believe sanctioned UAV use to be detrimental. Currently nine U.S. states have passed laws restricting drones for commercial, recreational and public use. Widespread use of drones is anticipated to increase privacy concerns among citizens nervous about corporate and government data collection. Amazon drones utilize a camera and GPS to navigate delivery destinations, which many believe to be intrusive.
Furthermore, drone delivery services offered by Amazon and other companies will face logistical roadblocks. Traditional postal services maintain liability of damaged or stolen property incurred in the delivery process. However, without human monitoring, a drone is unable to ensure seamless deliveries. Likewise, deliveries in major cities are bound to encounter numerous issues. Accessing apartment units within city skyscrapers is an insurmountable feat for an unmanned aerial vehicle.
Aside from logistical and privacy concerns, wildlife such as birds face higher risks with the greater number of aerial vehicles. The FAA estimates that birds cause more than $1 billion in damages to aircraft in the United States.
The Bottom Line
Amazon's continued efforts to test and research unmanned aerial vehicles has put pressure on Congress and the FAA to reform drone regulations. The integration of drones into national airspace will not only benefit ecommerce businesses like Amazon but industries such as agriculture, public safety and natural disaster management, to name a few. In a more altruistic vein, Google anticipates the use of its drones for delivery of medical products and as a means of protecting the environment.
Sponsored Link
Divider
Divider is a physics puzzle game in the same vein as the 3 Slices series. Although both games have you slicing shapes to pass each level the goal in Divider is different. Each level has a target number and your goal is to divide the red shapes so that they total that number. That can be tricky enough but as you progress things get even more difficult as new colors are introduced. White shapes can stay or fall off the screen but you cannot slice them. Black shapes on the other hand must fall off the screen for you to pass. To top it all off you only have a limited number of slices per level. How well can you divide? Good luck!
Play Divider
This book helps you gain the foundational knowledge required to write an operating system from scratch. Hence the title, 0 to 1.
After completing this book, at the very least you will learn:
How to write an operating system from scratch by reading hardware datasheets. In the real world, it works like that. You won't be able to consult Google for a quick answer.
A big picture of how each layer of a computer is related to the other, from hardware to software.
Write code independently. It's pointless to copy and paste code. Real learning happens when you solve problems on your own. Some examples are given to kick-start, but most problems are yours to conquer. However, the solutions are available online for you to examine after giving it a good try.
Linux as a development environment and how to use common tools for low-level programming.
x86 assembly in-depth.
How a program is structured so that an operating system can run.
How to debug a program running directly on hardware with gdb and QEMU.
Linking and loading on bare metal x86_64, with pure C. No standard library. No runtime overhead.
Download the book
The pedagogy of the book
You give a poor man a fish and you feed them for a day. You teach them to fish and you give them an occupation that will feed them for a lifetime.
This has been the guiding principle of the book when I was writing it. The book does not try to teach you everything, but enough to enable you to learn by yourself. The book itself, at this point, is quite “complete”: once you master part 1 and part 2 (which consist of 8 chapters), you can drop the book and learn by yourself. At this point, smart readers should be able to continue on their own. For example, they can continue their journeys on OSDev wiki; in fact, after you study everything in part 1 and part 2, you only meet the minimum requirement by OSDev Wiki (well, not quite, the book actually goes deeper for the suggested topics). Or, if you consider developing an OS for fun is impractical, you can continue with a Linux-specific book, such as this free book Linux Insides, or other popular Linux kernel books. The book tries hard to provide you a strong foundation, and that's why part 1 and part 2 were released first.
The book teaches you core concepts, such as x86 Assembly, ELF, linking and debugging on bare metal, etc., but more importantly, where such information come from. For example, instead of just teaching x86 Assembly, it also teaches how to use reference manuals from Intel. Learning to read the official manuals is important because only the hardware manufacturers themselves understand how their hardware work. If you only learn from the secondary resources because it is easier, you will never gain a complete understanding of the hardware you are programming for. Have you ever read a book on Assembly, and wondered where all the information came from? How does the author know everything they say is correct? And how one seems to magically know so much about hardware programming? This book gives pointers to such questions.
As an example, you should skim through chapter 4, “x86 Assembly and C”, to see how it makes use of the Intel manual, Volume 2. And in the process, it guides you how to use the official manuals.
Part 3 is planned as a series of specifications that a reader will implement to complete each operating system component. It does not contain code aside from a few examples. Part 3 is just there to shorten the reader's time when reading the official manuals by giving hints where to read, explaining difficult concepts and how to use the manuals to debug. In short, the implementation is up to the reader to work on their or their own; the chapters are just like university assignments.
Prerequisites
Know some circuit concepts:
Basic Concepts of Electricity: atoms, electrons, protons, neutrons, current flow.
Ohm's law
However, if you know absolutely nothing about electricity, you can quickly learn it here: http://www.allaboutcircuits.com/textbook/, by reading chapter 1 and chapter 2.
C programming. In particular:
Variable and function declarations/definitions
While and for loops
Pointers and function pointers
Fundamental algorithms and data structures in C
Linux basics:
Know how to navigate directory with the command line
Know how to invoke a command with options
Know how to pipe output to another program
Touch typing. Since we are going to use Linux, touch typing helps. I know typing speed does not relate to problem-solving, but at least your typing speed should be fast enough not to let it get it the way and degrade the learning experience.
In general, I assume that the reader has basic C programming knowledge, and can use an IDE to build and run a program.
Status:
Part 1 Chapter 1: Complete Chapter 2: Complete Chapter 3: Almost. Currently, the book relies on the Intel Manual for fully explaining x86 execution environment. Chapter 4: Complete Chapter 5: Complete Chapter 6: Complete
Part 2 Chapter 7: Complete Chapter 8: Complete
Part 3 Chapter 9: Incomplete Chapter 10: Incomplete Chapter 11: Incomplete Chapter 12: Incomplete Chapter 13: Incomplete … and future chapters not included yet …
In the future, I hope to expand part 3 to cover more than the first 2 parts. But for the time being, I will try to finish the above chapters first.
Sample OS
This repository is the sample OS of the book that is intended as a reference material for part 3. It covers 10 chapters of the “System Programming Guide” (Intel Manual Volume 3), along with a simple keyboard and video driver for input and output. However, at the moment, only the following features are implemented:
Protected mode.
Creating and managing processes with TSS (Task State Structure).
Interrupts
LAPIC.
Paging and I/O are not yet implemented. I will try to implement it as the book progresses.
Contributing
If you find any grammatical issues, please report it using Github Issues. Or, if some sentence or paragraph is difficult to understand, feel free to open an issue with the following title format: [page number][type] Descriptive Title .
For example: [pg.9][grammar] Incorrect verb usage .
type can be one of the following:
Typo : indicates typing mistake.
: indicates typing mistake. Grammar : indicates incorrect grammar usage.
: indicates incorrect grammar usage. Style : indicates a style improvement.
: indicates a style improvement. Content : indicates problems with the content.
Even better, you can make a pull request with the provided book source. The main content of the book is in the file “Operating Systems: From 0 to 1.lyx”. You can edit the .txt file, then I will integrate the changes manually. It is a workaround for now since Lyx can cause a huge diff which makes it impossible to review changes.
The book is in development, so please bear with me if the English irritates you. I really appreciate it.
Finally, if you like the project and if it is possible, please donate to help this project and keep it going.
Got questions?
If you have any question related to the material or the development of the book, feel free to open a Github issue.
Smoked, fried or boiled - the European eel (Anguilla anguilla) has always been a popular fish in Europe. Even though people have consumed it for millennia, the origin of the eel has long been shrouded in mystery. While the fish spend most of their lives in fresh and coastal waters, spawning and the birth of the larvae take place in the Sargasso Sea in the central Atlantic Ocean, about 4500 km away from the European coastlines. "Because the observation of eels in the Sargasso Sea is scarcely possible, some details of the life cycle are still unknown" says biologist Miguel Baltazar-Soares, from GEOMAR Helmholtz Centre for Ocean Research Kiel.
In a multidisciplinary study recently published in the international journal "Current Biology", biologists, geneticists and theoretical oceanographers at GEOMAR, together with colleagues from Hamburg, London, Belfast and Antofagasta (Chile), discovered a relationship between ocean currents and the variation in eel recruitment.
The study is based on the latest generation ocean model developed in Kiel. Originally it was used to simulate the effects of melting Greenland glaciers on the North Atlantic. "It has a resolution approximately ten times larger than the conventional ocean and climate models," explains Prof. Dr. Arne Biastoch, a theoretical oceanographer at GEOMAR. "The new model allows us to understand even small-scale changes in the ocean, so we came up with the idea of using it for a simulation of eel migrations," adds Miguel Baltazar-Soares, lead author of the new study.
The model simulation was run for 45 years, and in each of these years, the researchers seeded the Sargasso Sea with 8 million tiny drifting particles. "They represent the eel larvae which, for the first few years of their life, mainly drift with the currents," says biologist Dr. Christophe Eizaguirre from GEOMAR, who initiated the study. External factors, like wind and weather conditions, were the same in the model as the conditions observed in each year from 1960 to 2005. "We were able to track how the larvae migrated to Europe. Only those who reached the European shelf seas within two years were considered viable. This also corresponds to eel life cycle," explains Dr. Eizaguirre.
In fact, the eel recruitment in the model fluctuated significantly, mimicking the patterns reported across Europe. "In the early 1980s, for example, only a fraction of the larvae managed their way to Europe," reports Professor Biastoch. The researchers found that small-scale, wind-driven ocean currents strongly determine the eel population fluctuation. Depending on the presence of regional currents in the Sargasso Sea, the larvae's path to Europe was either extended and led to low recruitment or shortened leading to high recruitment in Europe. "We had not seen these flow changes in any of the older ocean models. But they seem to play a crucial role in the migration of the eel larvae," explains Professor Biastoch.
Combining those discoveries with genetic analyses, the scientists found evidence that, contrary to what is typically thought, eels do not return to random locations in the Sargasso Sea to reproduce but rather return to where their mother spawned in particular locations within the Sargasso Sea. "This is a new finding - so far, it was assumed that the mating in the Atlantic takes place completely independent of the area of origin and future scientific expeditions will have to verify this result in situ " says Baltazar-Soares.
The ultimate fate of eels making the long migration from the Sargasso Sea to the continental waters of Europe is still very difficult to predict, even using state of the art techniques. Indeed, from the 1960s to the 1980s, the results of the computer simulation matched up well with the observed occurrence of young eels reaching the European coasts. After that, however, the status of eel populations seems to be disconnected from the climatic influences in the Atlantic. "Since then fishing pressure, habitat destruction in European rivers and diseases appear to play an increased role" said Baltazar-Soares. Today, the European eel is on the list of endangered species and biologists, managers, fishers and politicians across the continent are working together to conserve eels and the valuable fisheries they support.
Although the current study does not solve all the lifestyle mysteries of the eel, "it clearly shows that not only biological, but also climatic, oceanographic and genetic conditions must be taken into account for a meaningful management of fish stocks," says Dr. Eizaguirre who has recently relocated from Kiel to Queen Mary, University of London. And for co-author Arne Biastoch the study illustrates the potential that lies in the interdisciplinary cooperation between biologists and oceanographers: "The ocean models are becoming more and more accurate. This offers a great opportunity for reassessing the threats to marine organisms and understanding their fundamental biology."
###
I'm never going to be able to own my home, that's why I'll vote Labour; also the Tories are horrible to immigrants and they don't think animals are alive or something, my friend Molly shared it on Facebook.
That's basically the crux of the argument I'm hearing, obviously a reductio one, and I sense the frustration. I've argued before that house-building is an existential issue for the Tories and that we need to allow people to build the sort of beautiful homes neighbours will not object to. (Even if you don't like it, traditional architecture neutralises NIMBYism).
And yet last year 150,000 homes were built in Britain, which on paper, for the third most densely populated non-microstate in Europe (and England is first), and for a country well below sub-replacement fertility, should be enough. But it's not, it's barely even sufficient to house the extra 246,000 people who officially arrived here from March 2016.
As the crisis has got worse, and homes have become ever more unaffordable, the animus has been directed against the Tories, and old people, and countryside-dwellers; strangely the intersection between people bitter about housing costs and hostile to any immigration restrictions as being a priori racist is pretty large, even though an increase in demand will lead to an increase in price.
The big House of Lords report on immigration a few years back concluded that net migration of 190,000 a year increased housing costs by 13 per cent over 20 years, and it's been almost that long since Tony Blair's government deliberately increased immigration levels way beyond that. Last month a paper reiterated the fact that immigration overall increases housing costs in a city, while reducing it in those areas the immigrants move into – unless those migrants are rich.
House prices only reflect how nice an area is to live in, so poor migrants moving in reduces that overall quality of life; that's why you get secondary migration. This is not the first paper to find that: a study in 2011 found the same thing, which the Financial Times reported as ‘Immigration Drives down House Prices, says Study'. I do wonder why so many people are cynical about the media when it comes to the taboo subjects of race, immigration and diversity – it's baffling.
Of course that 13 percent increase in costs could be offset by liberalising planning, an idea I agree with; but it won't be the magic bullet campaigners hope for. When it comes to land you can't grow the pie indefinitely; even if you artfully densify London there is a point at which greater density reduces quality of life and increases stress; there are only a finite number of spaces in sought-after Zone 2 and 3 Victorian property in London, beyond which the strain of commuting gets serious – and commuting really does reduce quality of life. (If this sounds too London-centric, well that's where the jobs are.)
In fact high housing costs are a huge burden for migrants too, leading miserable lives in squalid conditions, and so building more homes would only enable further migration by making it slightly more worthwhile to join London's helotry; therefore raising costs again and creating more demand for ever more house-building.
Of course the housing crisis is not predominantly down to immigration, but thirteen per cent extra to the cost of a home makes a big difference – the difference between living within a reasonable commute to work, or of having an extra child. So it's strange that Labour is now the beneficiary of this disaster, albeit a very different Labour party.
It must be something in the water. Gilad Bracha and Lars Bak announced Dart in Aarhus, Denmark about a year ago as a “new programming language for structured web programming”. Yesterday, Anders Hejlsberg, once again in Aarhus, Denmark, announced Microsoft's new programming language, TypeScript, “a language for application-scale JavaScript development”. Obviously, there's something about the water in Aarhus that causes language designers to want to tackle the problem of large scale web development. Perhaps that's why we chose to put the dart2js team in Aarhus full time!
Now that we've had a chance to take a look at TypeScript, the Dart team would like to welcome the TypeScript team to the neighborhood. If you already have a large JavaScript codebase, and if you already use Visual Studio, we think that TypeScript could be a great addition to your project.
A year ago, JavaScript programmers would frequently ask us why we needed a new programming language for the web. We argued that developing large web applications was hard, and that optional static type annotations could help. We also argued that the web needed better tooling support. We think that TypeScript has validated both of these statements. Going forward, I think the Dart project and TypeScript will learn a lot from each other.
A lot of people have been wondering what this means for Dart. The fact is, we're more excited than ever! By making a break from certain parts of JavaScript's syntax and semantics, we've eradicated large classes of bugs caused by various JavaScript gotchas. Nonetheless, last week, the Dart team released its own approach to using JavaScript in Dart apps, and our ongoing work with Web Components and isolates is finally delivering on the long hoped-for dream of encapsulation in the browser.
We're even more enthusiastic about our plans to go beyond what JavaScript can do natively. Even though Dart can be compiled to JavaScript, Dart's virtual machine opens up entirely new possibilities. For instance, our early testing with a feature called snapshotting allows Dart apps to start up 10 times faster than normal JavaScript. We also think that Dart is going to be a great fit for mobile. Finally, although V8 performs amazingly well in various JavaScript benchmarks, the Dart VM is already beating it in some of our internal benchmarks.
So once again, we'd like to welcome TypeScript. We think the web has suffered from too little choice for too long, and we think that the future of large-scale web development is looking brighter than ever!
Britain will not be able to buy access to the single market following its exit from the EU, a former top UK official at European Commission warned, casting doubt on mooted government plans for Britain's future relationship with the bloc.
British Prime Minister Theresa May intends to launch the two-year process of negotiations to leave the EU by the end of March and some members of their government have suggested this could include paying to maintain access to the single market.
But Jonathan Faull, who worked in the Commission for 38 years until retiring in 2016, said paying to access the tariff-free zone was not how the EU worked.
“Can you buy access to the Single Market? It's not something that's on sale in that way,” they told the BBC's Newsnight programme late on Thursday (5 January).
'Have cake and eat it' says UK Brexit strategy memo Britain's strategy for the upcoming Brexit negotiations with the EU is to “have cake and eat it”, according to memo photographed outside the Department for Exiting the EU on Downing Street.
That contrasts with the idea floated by Brexit minister David Davis, who has said that after the UK leaves the EU, giving it control over migration, the country could continue to make payments into the EU budget in order to maintain access for its exporters to the single market.
One area in which Britain did have a strong hand to negotiate with the EU as defence co-operation which the bloc will want to continue, Faull said.
“But that's more complicated if you're outside the EU, because part of the mechanisms used for this purpose are today EU mechanisms,” they said.
Faull's warning that Britain won't be able to buy EU single market access comes at a time of change for Britain's Brexit negotiating team. Ivan Rogers, the country's envoy to the EU, quit earlier this week and was replaced by Tim Barrow.
Prime Minister May has so far said little publicly about their negotiating position ahead of what are expected to be some of the most complicated international talks Britain has engaged in since World War Two.
Some investors fear the government will prioritise curbing immigration, a so-called “hard Brexit”, over ensuring Britain maintains single market access.
Juncker tells UK: No single market without freedom of movement Britain will need months of preparation before Brexit talks can start, EU Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker said on Monday (26 July), adding there would be no single market without accepting freedom of movement.
Faull dismissed the idea that Britain could have an arrangement with the bloc similar to that of non-EU member Norway, pointing out that Norway makes budgetary contributions to the EU as well as accepting the free movement of people.
“It's (Norway is) not buying access to the single market in that sense, it's taking part in a project,” Faull said.
The reason, Mamonov thinks, has a lot to do with people's perceptions of surveillance. They guessed that study participants would have wanted to protect themselves against it; instead, they say, the magnitude of the threat seems to have instilled a sense of helplessness that made them less likely to put an effort into securing themselves.
Most of Mamonov's research focuses on the role of perception in the online world. He's also spent a lot of time considering the role of perceived norms in people's relationships with the social media platforms they use every day—and whether those perceived norms are, in fact, more important than the actual rules that govern use of the sites. I spoke with Mamonov about their research; a transcript of our conversation, lightly edited for clarity and concision, follows.
Kaveh Waddell: Why are perceptions so important in the online world?
Stanislav Mamonov: I don't think it's just in the online world; it's in the offline world, too.
Let me give you a little bit of background on this story. When I started this research, Facebook, which was gaining popularity, was already facing four class-action lawsuits related to how it was appropriating information rights. Then, I came across a very interesting bit of research from an organizational context: something called psychological contract theory. It effectively said that if we want to understand what happens in an employment context, legal contracts really don't tell us much about who's going to stay and how hard people are going to work.
Drawing on that theory, I started developing a theory of psychological contracts in information exchanges, and thinking about what implicit perceived obligations people have in relation to technology providers whenever they share information through technology-mediated channels.
Facebook is obviously both a poster child for these problems, but also a very successful company. And there are many others—TripAdvisor, Yelp: They all monetize their user-shared content. So I thought it would be neat to examine the user expectations that, when breached, might affect the sustainability of a business model that that relies on continued user information-sharing.
Waddell: You found, essentially, that it's more important to a user when their perceived contract with a company is violated than when the actual legal contract that they entered into with that company is violated. People know that they're accepting terms of service—why is it that this perceived contract holds so much more importance?
Mamonov: I believe that the roots of this came from evolution: People responding emotionally to things they perceive as unfair or infringing on their dignity or on their person. Once the emotions get triggered—whether it's disgust, anger, distrust—they have virtually instant consequences.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced earlier this month that it has hired former FBI Director Robert Mueller to conduct an independant investigation into how the league handled evidence in the Ray Rice matter. (Photo: David Goldman, AP)
The NFL said Friday it found no evidence that a video of Ray Rice punching their fiancée was delivered to its headquarters, refuting a report late Thursday in which a law enforcement official told The Associated Press that they sent the video to the attention of league security chief Jeffrey Miller in April.
The AP, which said the official spoke on condition of anonymity because they aren't authorized to talk about the case, reported that the person who sent the tape said they received a voicemail from an unidentified woman in NFL offices who confirmed the tape had been received.
The NFL said it found no evidence to confirm the report.
"Our office has found absolutely no evidence to support the claim of the anonymous 'law enforcement source' that they sent a video to us or that they received a telephone call to their 'disposable cell phone' from an unidentified female using an NFL line," league spokesperson Brian McCarthy told USA TODAY Sports in a statement.
The league also reiterated the statement it issued Thursday from Miller, the league's senior vice president of security: "I unequivocally deny that I received at any time a copy of the video and I had not watched it until it was made public on September 8."
The league's handling of the Ray Rice matter has sparked a firestorm over its approach to disciplining players implicated in domestic abuse incidents. Rice was initially suspended two games by the league, but that was before the graphic video showing Rice inside an elevator punching their future wife, Janay, was released earlier this month by TMZ Sports.
As the video exploded on social media, the Baltimore Ravens cut Rice and the league suspended them indefinitely.
The NFL has maintained no league employees saw the Rice video before it was released on TMZ.
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell announced earlier this month that former FBI Director Robert Mueller and their team are conducting an independent investigation into the NFL's pursuit and handling of evidence in the Ray Rice matter, and the league has said it will make the report public.
It appears the Grinch has been at work in one Aldergrove neighbourhood for the third year running.
One resident, known only as the Fraser Valley Secret Santa, had all of the lights and decorations stolen from the front yard of their home on Dec. 3.
“The only thing that's left is the lights ringing my house, in the gutters,” they told Global News.
They had decorations stolen two years ago, last year, Halloween this year, and this Christmas they have lost everything.
“This year was disappointing because I was working with Variety Club,” they said, “I was going to raise $500, that was my goal.”
The Secret Santa, who does not want to be identified by their name, started their alter ego when they adopted their son about six years ago. They were born missing a limb and the Secret Santa said they saw how people would be cruel and react differently to him. That is when the idea for Secret Santa began to take shape as they wanted to make their son smile and build their confidence. Now they try to make others smile as well in the hopes they can make someone's day better.
This latest act of theft made their smile fade for a while.
Another house across the street also had some of their decorations stolen. The Secret Santa said all the homes in the cul-de-sac near 264 and Fraser were going to get together, have a bake sale and raise money for charity.
Now that's all been ruined.
“My neighbours call me ‘that guy' because I'm in the cul-de-sac every year making Christmas decorations,” said Secret Santa. They estimated more than $2,000 worth of decorations have been taken in the past couple of years and they do not have the money to replace them.
“I work pay check to pay check,” they said. “I just can't afford it. I can't do this anymore.”
Secret Santa has a following on social media all over the world and people have been offering them help and support. They have had messages from as far away as Australia and Africa.
“I never ask for anything for what I do,” they said. “It's just so disappointing, the whole neighbourhood came together this year.”
It took the neighbourhood two weekends to put all of the decorations up.
Katie Caines' best friend's house is the other one that was hit, and they said they can't believe what has happened.
“You're just so angry,” they said. “How do you explain this to the kids?”
“They're not cheap decorations.”
Caines says when they were putting up the decorations this year it was in the back of their minds what happened last year, so they bolted a lot down and put some of the inflatables high up.
“We never considered that light strings would be stolen,” they said.
The thieves took fluorescent ground marker pegs, wooden cut-outs, and they even siphoned the gas from their vehicles.
“The Christmas spirit is broken in this neighbourhood,” said Caines.
“I think it's just the local kids in the area,” they said. “I'm sure we'll find them on someone else's lawn.”
Secret Santa is now not sure what to do. “The worst part is seeing my kids cry and my wife cry,” they said. “You do all this work and somebody comes along and just rips us all off, it's disgusting.”
If you'd like to help, email: fvsecretsanta@gmail.com
– An earlier version of this article incorrectly identified these thefts as occurring for the second year in a row, not the third.
ctvbc.ca
An elderly Coquitlam man says they were unnecessarily roughed up and humiliated by RCMP officers -- all because they were jaywalking.
Eighty-three-year-old Zdenek Smejkal, a retired university professor, was made to lie on the ground, arrested and handcuffed, and put in the back of a police cruiser because officers said they felt endangered by the senior.
"He did come toward [the officer] with this metal rod in a very aggressive manner," RCMP Corp. Peter Thiessen said. "She was successful in removing it, and tried to secure an arrest to determine exactly what the problem was, whether it was a medical problem, a mental problem."
The problem was medical as Smejkal, a Czech immigrant who was imprisoned by the former communist regime in that country, has a prostate condition and needed a bathroom. When they tried to urinate in a bush, officers confronted him, They later lost control of their bladder while lying on the ground and again in the back of the cruiser.
"They called help! For a second car. Yes, I was a dangerous man on the ground in handcuffs. What can I do? I go to the bushes and they attack me from behind and put me in handcuffs! What can I do?" Smejkal said. "I asked 'please allow me to pee.' And I peed myself on the ground, the in the car for the second time."
A witness to the arrest named Sandra said police overreacted and said they did not seem combative or agitated.
"No from what I saw it didn't seem like it, they may have had a cane in their hand," Sandra said.
Smejkal said they were cut and bruised, as well as humiliated, which for them is the hardest part.
"An old man, foreign, university professor, lying on the ground," they said. "Please imagine this, I was in the communist Czechoslovakia in the opposition... Never any police officer touch me."
Thiessen said Smejkal had been charged with disobeying a crosswalk.
With a report by CTV British Columbia's Rob McKee.
Vancouver - As the public hearings into the Enbridge Northern Gateway Pipeline project begin for the first time in Vancouver, the BC Civil Liberties Association has written to the President of the National Energy Board to challenge the Board's decision to close the Vancouver and Victoria public hearings to the public, permitting public viewing only at satellite sites several kilometres away and by webcast.
"The National Energy Board has the powers of a court of law, it operates like a court and, like the courts, its hearings must be open, transparent and accessible," said Lindsay Lyster, President of the BCCLA. "We are baffled by the Board's unreasonable and potentially unlawful decision to close its public hearings to the public and to keep interested members of the public miles away. A public hearing should only be closed if there is a real and substantial risk to the administration of justice. The Board has provided no evidence that there was any threat whatsoever to these hearings that the Board's usual powers to kick disruptive individuals out couldn't have dealt with."
Canadian courts and tribunals, such as the National Energy Board, are bound by law and the constitution to be open to the public so that the public can see how decisions that affect them are administered. The courts have interpreted this to mean that courts, and court-like bodies such as the National Energy Board, cannot refuse public access unless there is a "serious danger" to be avoided.
Hearings must also be forums "where the public understands it is free to enter without specifically requesting admission" (See Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. v. Ontario, 2005 SCC 43 at paras 26-27 and Palkowski v. Ivancic, 2009 ONCA 705 (CanLII) at para. 26). In the case of a disruption, the National Energy Board has numerous powers that allow it to control its own proceedings, including the power to kick audience members out.
"The principle of open courts is fundamental to a healthy democracy and is a keystone of our law. Providing distant video viewing rooms and web access is not good enough. Public hearings must be open to the light of day and the public must have a right to be physically present to view the proceedings in person. The peaceful hearings across BC only serve to underline that the Board has no good reason to keep these hearings closed to the public. We call on the National Energy Board to open these Vancouver hearings to public audiences immediately," added Lyster.
Ready to fight back? Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $2 a month!
Support Progressive Journalism The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter. The Nation is reader supported: Chip in $10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter.
Fight Back! Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week. You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation's journalism. You can read our Privacy Policy here. Sign up for Take Action Now and we'll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week.
Thank you for signing up. For more from The Nation, check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits. Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations, and explore the world with kindred spirits.
Sign up for our Wine Club today. Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine?
This article is part of The Nation's 150th Anniversary Special Issue. Download a free PDF of the issue, with articles by James Baldwin, Barbara Ehrenreich, Toni Morrison, Howard Zinn and many more, here. Ad Policy
When revolution broke out in St. Petersburg in 1905, Vladimir Lenin, a member of the Russian Social-Democratic Labor Party, wrote a treatise on “Two Tactics of Social Democracy in the Democratic Revolution.” At the same time, in Germany, Rosa Luxemburg was organizing within the Social Democratic Party's tent.
A decade and change later, when Lenin's ragged band of Bolsheviks stormed the Winter Palace and won state power, they did so under the banner of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union. Similarly, when Luxemburg took part in the ill-fated German Revolution, it was as a member of the Communist Party of Germany.
For Lenin, especially—who remained loyal to the ideas of German Social Democratic Party theorist Karl Kautsky even when Kautsky was no longer loyal to them himself—this change in language was not meant to signal a shift in ideology. What it did symbolize was outrage at the betrayal of a movement that had capitulated to—and even abetted—European capitalism as it plunged the world into a Great War that would kill more than 16 million people.
They called themselves “communists” to be the real “social democrats.”
For decades afterward, radicals embraced the label “communist”—often at great personal risk—to proclaim not just their allegiance to the Soviet Union, but to the spirit of hope and transformation embodied in those early workers' movements and the Paris Commune.
This wasn't some “brand” conjured up by a public-relations firm; it was a word with deep roots in those struggles. Labels, after all, do matter: they connect new generations of activists with a real history and tradition, with the lives and ideas of the millions who came before them. The left often struggles with this. Debates that have no relevance still fracture and divide our many sects. One can sympathize with Pablo Iglesias, of Spain's Podemos party, when they decry those “trying to transform society by mimicking history, mimicking symbols.”
But it's also worth remembering Leszek Kolakowski's assertion that “the Left strives to base its prospects on the experience and evolutionary tendencies of history; whereas the Right is the expression of capitulation to the situation of the moment.” This is why, Kolakowski says, “the Left can have a political ideology, while the Right has nothing but tactics.”
Today, nearly a century after the October Revolution, I'm part of a new wave of Marxists who shy away from the “communist” label. Not because we've given up on grand narratives and the prospect of creating a society without class or want, but because we believe that in the same way the ideals of social democracy were betrayed during the Great War, those of the communist movement were tarnished by the crimes of the Soviet Union.
We prefer the broader and more inclusive term “socialist” instead—even if our own definitions of what it means differ.
Fundamentally, socialist politics are rooted in the idea that democracy should be radically extended from the political sphere into social and economic life. The only way to institute radical democracy of this sort is through the self-conscious activity of the great majority of workers—which includes many progressive people who, for very good reasons, associate the word “communist” with breadlines and gulags.
“Socialist” is a less alarming word. For many in the United States, it might not evoke anything more than Medicare or the interstate highway system. We don't want to spread our ideas by diluting them, but talking “socialism” is the best way to introduce a moral critique of capitalism and a discussion of its plausible alternatives. Proposing “communism” is more likely to repel than attract.
And socialists have been hard at work organizing, even if our activity is often within broader left formations. We're doing things like supporting rank-and-file action in the labor movement and keeping a systemic critique alive within the environmental movement. We're organizing public outreach and education on issues like foreclosure resistance, and engaging with the inspiring new struggles against police brutality and racism.
Others do that same admirable work without repudiating the legacy of official communism, much less the “communist” label. Given how disastrous the transition to capitalism has been in Eastern Europe, and how brazen the United States' rulers have become since the demise of the Soviet Union, it's no surprise that some have turned to writing apologetics for Stalinism, or to fostering the illusion that it could have been reformed from within by the very bureaucracies it created.
In a world without any apparent alternative to the disastrous status quo, there's a natural appeal to the defeated path of one-party state socialism: at least that party once held power. But for Lenin and Luxemburg, belonging to a political movement wasn't about being an eccentric contrarian; it was about communicating ideas to as many people as possible and fighting alongside those people to bring about change. One cannot effectively do that today in the United States as a self-described “communist.”
In some ways, however, it doesn't matter what we call ourselves: the right is going to tar us with the memory of Stalinism anyway. For the last century, any move toward a more equitable and decent society by liberals and radicals alike has been met with vicious red-baiting. That won't be changing anytime soon.
So while we might not want to label ourselves “communists,” we can still be proud of the great legacy of communists in the United States. Radicals organizing under the banner of the Communist Party USA fought against racism in the Deep South. They fought for rank-and-file democracy in the union movement, helping to build the Congress of Industrial Organizations. They consistently defended civil rights and bravely resisted the war in Vietnam. To allow the achievements of these honorable militants to be conflated with the nomenklatura that oversaw labor camps an ocean away would be criminal.
And yet, to unthinkingly adopt all their old language and tactics would mean choosing the comforts of historical re-enactment over the challenge of winning in the here and now. We need to stay grounded in a tradition without letting that tradition subsume us. To be real communists today, we need to call ourselves “socialists.”
Guns N' Roses will be getting its own biopic. The film will be adapted from Marc Canter's 2008 biography on the band, Reckless Road: Guns N' Roses and the Making of Appetite for Destruction, and the author said it will be done right, with "no short cuts."
"It will be very detailed," they said.
Canters posted on a Guns N' Roses forum, as Spin reports, clarifying the film will not be a documentary -- as some had suspected. It has been in the works for about four months now, they said.
This Week In Billboard Chart History: Guns N' Roses Celebrate 'Sweet' Success
"I do have a big say so on the script which is still being put together now but so far looking cool," they posted. "I am going to see that everyone in the cast is doing their job and doing justice to the band. Since I was there, I know what the dialog was between the band for many of the events that took place. When you find out who is making the movie, you will then understand that it will be very cool. I'm proud of all the hard work that was put into this project and it's just going to KICK ASS! In no way will it be a cheesy movie like Rock Star. There really is such a great story here that even the outtakes will be great."
Canter added, "The truth is a movie could be made just from Hell Tour alone which was only about a week or so long."
Guns N' Roses' Dizzy Reed Laughs Off Breakup Rumors, Talks New Music
While Axl Rose won't be involved with the film, according to Canter, they and the rest of the band will get to review the finished script "and help fix things that are off a bit. The goal is to get it right."
"As you all know Axl doesn't support anything to do with the old band except playing their songs live," Canter posted. "However I do think they will be happy with the fact that it will clear up some stories that have been said about them from those days that were told incompletely."
So far no one has been cast for the project, but Canter says they would expect they'll enlist some A-list actors.
"In the end it's just a cool story about 5 guys that got together in Los Angeles and put together great music and made it work and the reckless road that they traveled on the way," they wrote.
Barack Obama's Campaign Promise Not To Take Away Our Guns Is A Lie.
He's not even in office, yet he's fired the opening salvos in a war against the future of the Second Amendment, our hunting and shooting traditions, and YOU.
NRA ALERT – -(AmmoLand.com)- Obama's FIRST attack on YOU: Appointing Illinois Congressman Rahm Emanuel to be White House Chief of Staff. In Congress, Emanuel earned an “F” rating from NRA, and while working in the Clinton Administration, they were known as the “point man on gun control.”  They are an avowed enemy of the Second Amendment and will wield enormous power in the battle for the future of our firearm freedoms.
Obama's SECOND attack on YOU: If Hillary Clinton is confirmed as Secretary of State, she'll rip the Second Amendment right out of the Bill of Rights. She'll be our nation's top diplomat with the power to determine whether the United Nations will pass, and Obama will sign, a global gun ban treaty that will surrender our Second Amendment rights and our national sovereignty.
Obama's THIRD attack on YOU: Nominating ex-Senator and former Majority Leader Tom Daschle-an avowed enemy of NRA-to be Secretary of Health and Human Services. NRA was responsible for defeating Daschle when they ran in South Dakota for re-election to the Senate. If Daschle is confirmed, they could hold the ultimate power to declare guns a “public health menace” and regulate away our essential liberties.
Obama's FOURTH attack on YOU: Nominating Eric Holder to be Attorney General. As former Assistant Attorney General, Holder was a key architect and vocal advocate for the Clinton era's sweeping gun ban agenda. They supported national handgun licensing, mandatory trigger locks, and ending gun shows as we know them.
Just recently, Holder opposed the District of Columbia's Heller decision that declared the Second Amendment an individual right. Holder also called for reviving the Clinton gun bans and, as Attorney General, would fight in court to prevent the landmark Heller decision from being made applicable to state and local governments.
Worst of all, if Holder is confirmed as the nation's top law-enforcement officer, they would control BATFE and wield enormous power to harass gun owners and sue America's arms makers out of existence.
Obama's FIFTH attack on YOU: In the job application for the Obama Administration, they made it clear that gun owners are second-class citizens and told 80 million gun owners not to even bother applying for a job. In the “White House Personnel Data Questionnaire” they asked:
“Do you or any members of your immediate family own a gun? If so, provide
complete ownership and registration information. Has the registration ever
lapsed? Please also describe how and by whom it is used and whether it has
been the cause of any personal injuries or property damage.”
This chilling notice to gun owners-that they are not welcome to serve in their Administration-shows the deep hostility for Americans' Second Amendment Freedoms that Obama and their Administration have in their hearts.
On its face, that question endorses gun registration-a mandate in only five states in our nation-and buys into the anti-gun premise that firearms are inherently dangerous and gun owners are prone to misusing them.
That's an outrageous mindset, especially for the President-elect whose sworn duty will be to uphold the U.S. Constitution, including our right to keep and bear arms.
Obama CLEARLY wants to make gun registration the law of the land.
First for employees under their control…AND THEN FOR YOU.
Working with a Congress dominated by gun haters like Nancy Pelosi, Dianne Feinstein, John Conyers, Henry Waxman, and Charles Schumer!!!
Rubbing salt in gun owner wounds is the Brady Campaign, which just issued a completely bogus poll claiming that two-thirds of the Americans-including 60% of all gun owners-favor gun registration, licensing of firearm owners, and other sweeping restrictions on our firearm freedoms!
Add it all up and you have the potential for a Second Amendment disaster that's unlike any other NRA members have ever battled.
That's why we need the strongest possible commitment from EVERY NRA member, starting today. That's why I'm hoping you'll validate your new NRA membership card the moment you receive it.
Because our greatest strength is you.
Only by working with you can NRA hold the line against these threats from every quarter. We are the one force that has the strength to keep Americans free and our rights intact for future generations. With you at our side, we will fight and we will prevail against all odds.
Thank you for your loyalty to NRA and the cause of Freedom.
Brought to you by – AMMO LAND.COM – The Free Press Release Service for the Shooting Industry! www.AmmoLand.com .
Submit Gun, Ammo and Shooting Related News at Ammo Land.com .
Mayor Bill de Blasio insisted Sunday that they know nothing about the feds' investigation into their fundraising activities — two days after promising to return shady donations just as news of the probe broke.
“I haven't heard anything about any investigation,” the mayor said on NBC's “Meet the Press” Sunday morning. “There haven't been any questions posed to me or my team.”
They refused to address the investigation further at a public appearance in the afternoon, saying they have “no evidence” the feds were putting their fundraising under a microscope.
“We've gotten no indication of that, and until we have something specific to respond to, there's nothing to respond to,” they said.
De Blasio said Friday that they would return donations from one of the business people at the center of the FBI's widening investigation into NYPD corruption.
The announcement was made amid revelations that US Attorney Preet Bharara, according to sources, is looking at how the mayor solicits campaign cash from members of the real estate industry.
The Post revealed last week that de Blasio received sizable donations from Jona Rechnitz, owner of a real estate investment company who is suspected of being part of an alleged gifts-for-favors scheme in the NYPD.
Jeremy Reichberg, another target of the probe, held a fundraiser at their million-dollar-plus home in Borough Park for de Blasio's nonprofit, the Campaign for One New York. The mayor attended.
De Blasio tried to downplay their ties to the men, who served on their inaugural committee in 2013.
“It's not a particularly close relationship,'' they said. “I met them first around the time of the general election. I hadn't known them previously, really haven't seen them in the last year or more. They supported the effort.”
Rechnitz shelled out $50,000 to the Campaign for One New York, which has announced it will shut down. They and their wife gave another $9,900, the maximum amount, to the mayor's 2013 campaign.
But de Blasio stood by their former campaign finance director, Ross Offinger, whose fundraising tactics, sources say, are being probed by the feds.
“I think [Offinger] has handled everything with integrity and everything appropriately,” they said.
De Blasio promised that their campaign had followed the law in raising cash.
“We are very, very scrupulous about that,” they told “Meet the Press.” “Everything we've done is appropriate and carefully, carefully done with many, many lawyers, I assure you.”
They claimed they decided to return the two men's donations after four high-ranking NYPD officers were disciplined last week.
“What we've seen so far, that Internal Affairs has come to the conclusion that something was done wrong, of course that's troubling,” they said.
“We have to go through the whole due process effort to find what they did and what they didn't in terms of the Police Department and then we can pass fuller judgment.”
According to a new report in The Atlantic, in the wake of the explosive Access Hollywood tape, then-vice-presidential candidate Mike Pence contemplated a ballot coup against then-candidate Donald Trump, and a small group of billionaire donors were weighing the possibility of paying the firebrand $800 million to drop out of the race. “Within hours” of The Washington Post story about the tape, Pence “made it clear to the Republican National Committee that they were ready to take Trump's place as the party's nominee,” McKay Coppins reports. At the same time, multiple donors entertained the possibility of offering Trump enough money to walk away from the election. According to Coppins, “Republican donors and party leaders began buzzing about making Pence the nominee and drafting Condoleezza Rice as their running mate.”
Palantir Technologies, the secretive CIA-funded startup founded by Peter Thiel, is being sued by the United States Department of Labor for discriminating against Asian applicants.
According to a press release sent out by the Department of Labor, Palantir used a “hiring process and selection procedures that discriminated against Asian applicants for software engineering positions on the basis of their race.”
Advertisement
From the complaint:
For the QA Engineer Intern position, from a pool of more than 130 qualified applicants—approximately 73% of whom were Asian—Palantir hired 17 non-Asian applicants and only four Asian applicants. The adverse impact calculated by OFCCP exceeds six standard deviations. The likelihood that this result occurred according to chance is approximately one in a billion. [Office of Federal Compliance Programs] further found as a result of its compliance review from that at least January 1, 2010 and going forward to the present, Palantir utilized a four-phase hiring process in which Asian applicants were routinely eliminated during the resume screen and telephone interview phases despite being as qualified as white applicants with respect to the QA Engineer, Software Engineer, and QA Engineer Intern positions. In addition, the majority of Palantir's hires into these positions came from an employee referral system that disproportionately excluded Asians. The overwhelming prefrence for referrals, combined with Palantir's failure to ensure equal employemtn opportunity for all applicants without regard to race, resulted in a discriminatory hiring process against Asian applicants.
The NBA season officially began last night, and while many of us were watching the defending champion Cleveland Cavaliers destroy the Knicks, Oklahoma City Thunder center, Steven Adams, decided to forego the whole damn thing and watch some anime.
In an interview, Steven Adams stated they were watching two of their favorite anime, One Piece and One-Punch Man. Given that he's a 23-year-old man, it shouldn't be a surprise Adams likes anime. Because of the globalized nature of the entertainment industry, people in their generation grew up watching anime, whether it was Dragonball Z or Digimon, making the medium an integral part of a lot of their lives.
Steven Adams spent NBA opening night watching Japanese anime instead of basketball. pic.twitter.com/QK03ae3Lml — Fred Katz (@FredKatz) October 26, 2016
And why shouldn't they be watching anime? Regardless of the amazing fight sequences, battles, and superpowers, shonen anime has inspired thousands of young people. Specifically, the asupervisorstioned anime are about fighting battles against extremely powerful foes to become the greatest and finally achieve their dream. In a way, Adams has more in common with an anime protagonist than most of us.
This could rightfully serve as inspiration for the Oklahoma City Thunder who, after losing their star small forward, Kevin Durant, now face a tougher battle to make it out of the West. Adams, who is known for their nonchalant and laid-back personality, is one of the most elite centers in the game, and the Thunder will surely need their tall, 7-foot frame to defeat the Western powerhouse teams.
It's sad that Adams didn't watch the games, though. Had they watched, they would have seen their former teammate, Kevin Durant and the Warriors, get smacked by the San Antonio Spurs in a 29-point loss. Now that we know the “superteam” or the “supervillains” can be defeated, the slighted Thunder and evil warriors are sure to make for great basketball in a battle of the ages.
After bringing Bravo, E!, Esquire Network and Oxygen together in the Lifestyle Networks group led by Frances Berwick, NBCUniversal Cable Entertainment chairperson Bonnie Hammer is making a similar move with the rest of their portfolio. USA, Syfy, Chiller and Cloo are being consolidated into Entertainment Networks group headed by USA president Chris McCumber, who will become President, Entertainment Networks.
Syfy president David Howe will be leaving their post to become President, Strategy and Commercial Growth. In their new role, they will work with Hammer on exploring opportunities across the portfolio, and experimenting with new business models, platforms and technologies. They will focus on overall growth of the portfolio – both domestically and internationally – overseeing Business Development and Business Affairs.
As part of the restructuring, all original scripted programming for NBCUni Cable Entertainment will be centralized and run by Syfy's Bill McGoldrick who will become EVP, Scripted Content for the portfolio, including the USA, Syfy, E! and Bravo. USA's EVP scripted programming Jackie de Crinis will report to him.
NBCUni Cable Entertainment already consolidated scripted development on the production side under Jeff Wachtel, President, Chief Content Officer and Head of Studios. McGoldrick will report to Wachtel.
McCumber's direct reports will include three executives from the various divisions and one new addition who will now assume responsibility for the Entertainment group in their respective areas: Alexandra Shapiro, EVP, Marketing; Rob Spodek, CFO; Katherine Nelson, SVP, Communications; and David Giles, SVP, Research, who was most recently at Viacom.
In an interview with Deadline, Hammer said that they and their team took some time before consolidating the entertainment networks after doing the same with the lifestyle-themed nets.
“We needed to test out the model and see whether you can really manage a variety of channels in a cohesive way or it will be mayhem,” they said. Hammer called the creation of the Lifestyle Network group “a tremendous success,” noting the “great turnaround” at E!, proving that the model was “the right way to do things.”
There was another reason to delay the consolidation. “We wanted to take a beat to see where the world is going,” Hammer said. “We saw that linear would still be important but not the only game in town and that content would be the focal point in the future. No matter what happens, what platforms emerge, smart content wins.”
That was the reason behind the decision to bring all scripted development of the division under one roof, overseen by McGoldrick, who has experience running scripted for both USA and Syfy.
The consolidation further made sense as the USA moved away from its original blue-sky, frothy brand of scripted programming to edgier fare, illustrated by breakout hit and Golden Globe winner, Mr. Robot. Because of the shift, now a drama project could practically go on either network, USA or Syfy, Hammer said.
It is still in the early days of the reorganization, but Hammer envisions possibly dividing up scripted development by genre vs. network brand as had been the case. “Once a project comes into the door, it will be determined where it lands.”
As for possible eliminations of positions if there are redundancies in the consolidation, Hammer stressed that that has not been on the agenda for making the change. “The goal is to make the structure more nimble and to make decisions faster,” they said.
In their new role, Howe will “balance the creative and the business,” Hammer said, pointing to Howe breaking new ground at Syfy with Defiance, which launched simultaneously as a video game and scripted TV series. “That has been their love and passion — finding new ways to do business,” Hammer said, adding that they will be tasked with “making sure all of the content is monetized to the fullest.”
Here is Hammer's internal memo:
First I will say that this is a very touchy subject for me, but this information is important, and often incredibly overlooked. I believe that people should be allowed to know the truth about what is going on behind closed doors. Millions of murders are happening across the globe daily, and most people are completely disconnected from this fact, and that is the way that this was designed. For if people knew what was really happening, this industry would no longer thrive because people would not be contributing and supporting these heinous inhumane acts. I am talking about the mass production and consumption of factory-farmed animals.
Personally for me, I have always had a deep connection with animals. One day it occurred to me that the meat/fish/chicken or whatever it was that was on my plate was in fact a hunk of a dead, decomposing animal corpse. It was as if a light went off in my head that allowed me to see what I was really consuming. I saw the meat for what it was. When I began to research animal production and factory farming I started to learn about what was taking place right under my nose. I wondered how could I have been so ignorant to these horrendous acts that are occurring by the thousands each and every day? Most people do not think twice about how that nicely wrapped package of bacon actually made its way to the grocery store shelves. Why do we feel like it is ok to eat a cow, pig or chicken, but wouldn't dream of eating our dog, cat or hamster? Do you ever notice how we don't even call the meat that we eat by its original name? Cow meat is referred to as ‘beef,' ‘steak,' ‘hamburger,' etc.. Pig flesh is referred to as ‘Bacon,' ‘pork,' ‘roast.' You don't see a Cow walking around and say ‘Hey! look at that beef!' At least not very often, so why the disconnection here? Maybe subconsciously this distracts us from what it is that we are really eating? As if it breaks the link between a dead animal, and something that we eat.
“The more helpless the victim, the greater the crime.” –Dr. Gerald Curtler
In many factory farms work sites the employee turnover rate is a whopping 100% annually! This goes to show that these workers are not capable of handling the mental and physical stress that comes a long with this job. It is not of human nature to be able to murder completely helpless, defenseless animals. Yes,when talking about hunting, or even other animals in the wild it is different, at least these animals stand a chance at survival, and it is usually the weak- old or young who are killed.
“The worst thing, worse than the physical danger, is the emotional toll. . . . Pigs down on the kill floor have come up and nuzzled me like a puppy. Two minutes later I had to kill them-beat them to death with a pipe. I can't care.” -Former ‘Kill' Floor Manager advertisement - advertisement - learn more
The following information is taken directly from the PETA (People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals) website. this information will break down 3 of the most popular animals that are factory farmed, mass produced and slaughtered on a massive scale (Cows, Pigs, Chickens) and what exactly happens to these said animals in their lifetime, from birth to death.
COWS From PETA ‘Cows Used For Food'
In the U.S., more than 42 million cows suffer and die for the meat and dairy industries every year. When they are still very young, many cows are burned with hot irons (branded), their horns are cut or burned off, and male cattle have their testicles ripped out of their scrotums (castrated)—all without painkillers. Once they have grown big enough, they are sent to massive, filthy feedlots where they are exposed to the elements, to be fattened for slaughter. Many female cows are sent to dairy farms, where they will be repeatedly impregnated and separated from their calves until their bodies give out and they are sent to be killed.
Like all animals, cows form strong maternal bonds with their calves, and on dairy farms and cattle ranches, mother cows can be heard frantically crying out for their calves for several days after they have been separated.
Cows are gentle giants—large in size but sweet in nature. They are curious, clever animals who have been known to go to extraordinary lengths to escape from slaughterhouses. These very social animals prefer to spend their time together, and they form complex relationships, very much like dogs form packs.
Cattle are transported hundreds of miles in all weather extremes, typically without food or water, to the slaughterhouse. Many cows die on the way to slaughter, but those who survive are shot in the head with a captive-bolt gun, hung up by one leg, and taken onto the killing floor where their throats are cut and they are skinned and gutted. Some cows remain fully conscious throughout the entire process. In an interview with The Washington Post, one slaughterhouse worker said, “They die piece by piece.”
The time will come when men such as I will look upon the murder of animals as now they look upon the murder of men.
– Leonardo da Vinci
PIGS From PETA ‘Pigs Used For Food'
Many people who know pigs compare them to dogs because they are friendly, loyal, and intelligent. Pigs are naturally very clean and avoid soiling their living areas. When they are not confined on factory farms, pigs spend hours playing, lying in the sun, and exploring their surroundings with their powerful sense of smell. Considered by animal behaviorists to be smarter than 3-year-old children, pigs are very clever animals.
Most people rarely have the opportunity to interact with these outgoing, sensitive animals because more than 90 percent of pigs in the U.S. today are raised on factory farms. These pigs spend their entire lives in cramped, filthy warehouses under the constant stress of intense confinement and are denied everything that is natural and important to them.
Mother pigs (sows) spend most of their miserable lives in tiny gestation crates that are too small for them to turn around in. They are impregnated again and again until their bodies give out and are then sent to slaughter.
Piglets are torn from their distraught mothers after just a few weeks. Their tails are chopped off, the ends of their teeth are snipped off with pliers, and the males are castrated. No painkillers are given to ease their suffering. The pigs then spend their entire lives in extremely crowded pens on tiny slabs of filthy concrete.
When the time comes for slaughter, pigs are forced onto transport trucks that travel for many miles through all weather extremes. Many die of heat exhaustion in the summer or arrive frozen to the inside of the truck in the winter. According to industry reports, more than 1 million pigs die in transport each year, and an additional 420,000 are crippled by the time they arrive at the slaughterhouse.
Because of improper stunning methods, many pigs are still conscious when they are dumped into scalding-hot water, which is intended to remove their hair and soften their skin.
CHICKENS From PETA ‘Chickens Used For Food'
Chickens are arguably the most abused animal on the planet. In the United States, more than 7 billion chickens are killed for their flesh each year, and 452 million hens are used for their eggs. Ninety-nine percent of these animals spend their lives in total confinement—from the moment they hatch until the day they are killed.
More chickens are raised and killed for food than all other land animals combined, yet not a single federal law protects chickens from abuse—even though two-thirds of Americans say that they would support such a law.
Many people do not realize that chickens are inquisitive, interesting animals who are as intelligent as mammals such as cats, dogs, and even some primates. They are very social and like to spend their days together, scratching for food, taking dust baths, roosting in trees, and lying in the sun.
Dr. Chris Evans, administrator of the animal behavior lab at Australia's Macquarie University, says, “As a trick at conferences, I sometimes list [chickens'] attributes, without mentioning chickens, and people think I'm talking about monkeys.”
But chickens raised on factory farms each year in the U.S. never have the chance to do anything that is natural or important to them. A baby chick on a factory farm will never be allowed contact with their or their parents, let alone be raised by them. These chickens are deprived of the chance to take dust baths, feel the sun on their backs, breathe fresh air, roost in trees, or build nests.
Chickens raised for their flesh, called “broilers” by the chicken industry, spend their entire lives in filthy sheds with tens of thousands of other birds, where intense crowding and confinement lead to outbreaks of disease. They are bred and drugged to grow so large so quickly that their legs and organs can't keep up, making heart attacks, organ failure, and crippling leg deformities common. Many become crippled under their own weight and eventually die because they can't reach the water nozzles. When they are only 6 or 7 weeks old, they are crammed into cages and trucked to slaughter.
Birds exploited for their eggs, called “laying hens” by the industry, are crammed together in wire cages where they don't even have enough room to spread their wings. Because the hens are crammed so closely together, these normally clean animals are forced to urinate and defecate on one another. The birds have part of their sensitive beaks cut off so that they won't peck each other out of frustration created by the unnatural confinement. After their bodies are exhausted and their production drops, they are shipped to slaughter, generally to be turned into chicken soup or cat or dog food because their flesh is too bruised and battered to be used for much else.
Because the male chicks of egg-laying breeder hens are unable to lay eggs and are not bred to produce excessive flesh for the meat industry, they are killed. Every year, more than 100 million of these young birds are ground up alive or tossed into bags to suffocate.
Chickens are slammed into small crates and trucked to the slaughterhouse through all weather extremes. Hundreds of millions suffer broken wings and legs from rough handling, and millions die from the stress of the journey.
At the slaughterhouse, their legs are forced into shackles, their throats are cut, and they are immersed in scalding-hot water to remove their feathers. Because they have no federal legal protection (birds are exempt from the Humane Methods of Slaughter Act), almost all chickens are still conscious when their throats are cut, and many are literally scalded to death in the feather-removal tanks after missing the throat cutter.
Keep in mind that this barely scratches the surface of this industry, there are many more animals that are subject to this torture daily, ducks, geese, turkeys, horses, circus animals, rats, guinea pigs, mice, sea'food' and MANY more.
Every time you eat that burger, or those chicken wings, eggs or milk, wear the Canada Goose jackets, or UGG boots you are participating in this worldwide genocide. The reason that this is particularly hard for me to write about this is because this topic strikes a cord within my heart, but I think that the first step towards creating real change on the planet is by creating awareness. I hope that in writing this I will be able to shed some light on this very important issue, and people will realize that they do have compassion within their hearts and they will be able to move to a more humane lifestyle.
If you would like to know more information about this important subject, I recommend checking out the sources at the bottom and also, watching the following documentaries: ‘Earthlings,' ‘Food Inc,' ‘Vegucated.' Also check out this presentation about 101 Reasons To Go Vegan
Much Love
SOURCES
http://www.peta.org/
http://www.foodispower.org/slaughterhouse_workers.php
http://www.lcanimal.org/index.php/campaigns/other-issues/factory-farming
http://www.gao.gov/new.items/d0596.pdf
Japanese scientists have figured out why eating seafood with red wine can leave an unpleasant aftertaste.
There's something behind that frequently discredited rule that only white wine goes with fish, the researchers say. The flavor clash is caused by naturally occurring iron in red wine, Takayuki Tamura and colleagues report in the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry.
Now here's a tough job: The scientists had tasters -- all of them with wine-tasting experience -- try 38 red wines and 26 white wines while eating dried scallops. The wines came from several countries.
The tasters ate a bit of scallop, tasted some wine and evaluated the aftertaste on a scale of 1 to 4. The diners found the unpleasant aftertaste was more intense with wines that had a higher iron content, the researchers say. The amount of iron in the wine varied depending on variety, vintage and country of origin.
Read the scientists' report here.
Of course, plain dried scallops are no diner's dream, and how the fish is prepared is among other factors in pairing food and wine. Plain, fried, sauced, the herbs and spices used all play a role. In their book "Wine and Food Pairing," Tony DiDio and Amy Zavatto suggest red wine can work with tuna, cod, lobster and other seafoods.
For more detailed suggestions for figuring out the terrain, there's a book by Andrew Dornenburg and Karen Page, "What to Drink With What You Eat," which The Times recommend.
-- Mary MacVean
Photo: Mike Farwell pours a glass at Noir Food and Wine in Pasadena. Credit: Christine Cotter / Los Angeles Times
In a first for a big bicycle brand, Trek is moving its sales online. And it's claimed to be a move that won't just benefit consumers, but your local bicycle shop, too.
Called Trek Connect, the program will allow customers to research and compare prices online, then order the bike, which will be delivered to their local bike shop. That shop will receive a service commission for assembling the bicycle.
Advertisement
The program should increase the variety of Trek models available to consumers, while saving bike shops the need to buy a season's worth of bicycles ahead of time, then store them. Where previously it made little sense for speciality models like downhill mountain bikes to be stocked at stores a long way from the mountains, now stores are freed from the need to predict sales and consumers benefit from easy access to Trek's full model range.
Trek Connect coincides with an announcement that the brand will be re-investing in technical training for service departments. A 5,000 square foot, dedicated training facility is being constructed at Trek's Wisconsin factory. Classes will begin in January and should train around 1,000 techs per year.
“I've seen stores that sold a lot of products go out of business,” explained Trek president John Burke. “I've never seen a store that did a lot of service go out of business.” Currently, service accounts for only 7 percent of revenue at bicycle shops, but makes up 25 percent of total profit.
Advertisement
The service commission for assembly will be equal to a dealer's normal sales margin, minus the shipping costs. Dealers will also save on inventory costs. The new site, launching next month, will also help consumers find local shops that already have their desired bike in-stock, should that person be in a rush to buy.
The significance of this shift to online sales should not be underestimated. Trek accounts for 30 percent of all bicycle sales in the US. So, getting in front of consumer demand not only makes sense for them, it's made possible by their large volumes.
As bike buyers, you and I can expect to benefit from a wider range of available models, a lower pressure sales environment, more detailed online research and fit tools and the newfound ability to buy a bike in our underwear. The investment in technical training is also good news and means we should get better service at our local shops.
Advertisement
With Trek diving in — and coming up with what sounds like a sustainable sales model that also benefits retailers — it's only a matter of time until all bicycles are available online.
IndefinitelyWild is a new publication about adventure travel in the outdoors, the vehicles and gear that get us there and the people we meet along the way. Follow us on Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram.
Syria's ambassador to the UN and chief negotiator has said that the main condition for the Syrian government to continue peace talks is to negotiate with a “unified” national opposition which is not linked to any foreign countries.
“I think the ambassador has some excellent points in terms of who is it exactly that the Syrian government is supposed to be talking to on the other side of the table. For one thing yes, it is extremely difficult when you are not talking to just one interlocutor but a whole gaggle of different groups with perhaps different agendas,” James Jatras, a former US Senate foreign policy analyst, told Press TV in an interview on Saturday.
“And the other thing of course is we are talking through them to their foreign sponsors; that the real issue here is not a civil war among Syrians, although obviously there are Syrians among the opposition groups but there are also an awful lot of foreigners,” they added.
The analyst, however, stated that the terrorist ideology and methodology is “virtually identical” among all the so-called opposition groups.
They said that the Syrian conflict would not exist if it were not for the sponsorship of “outside powers,” namely the United States and its regional allies.
Jatras further opined that the Syrian government's victories on the battlefield will be the main force that will finally drive the countries that are sponsoring the terrorists to pull back their support and try to reach a political settlement.
They went on to say that if the outside powers decide to back off, then “the terrorists really do not have many legs to stand on.”
Therefore, they said, that is why it is really important for the United States to come to a “working understanding” with the Russians about how to settle the Syrian conflict.
The BMW M3 has always been the sports sedan that has kept all of its ingredients in balance. It never had an engine that would overpower the chassis, the footprint was just right, and it had all the ingredients of a race car turned to road use.
But the current M3 has had a change in ethos. The change to turbo power resulted in a car that had the same horsepower as before, but a torque curve like the M3 had never seen. It suddenly wasn't a car that had the joy of developing its power at the top of the range, it now had thrust everywhere.
Combine that with the larger F80 platform that the new M3 rides on, and it felt distinctly more like a Bavarian muscle car than a precision instrument. It's a pretty stark change for a car that had defined its segment for decades.
BMW
And now, with the ATS-V, Cadillac is building the M3 BMW should have .
Let that sink in for a second, because it's something you thought you'd probably never hear.
In order for Cadillac to be taken seriously as a luxury performance brand, since that's what they are now, they needed a car that could be considered a competitor with the M3. That means that they took the ATS-V very, very seriously.
It has a twin-turbo V6 instead of a V8, because that allows them to keep the weight down and move the engine further back. Cadillac was also adamant that they are "not in the Hellcat business." The car is overcooled, meaning that there is no option package to get more vents or anything, that all comes standard. There's a standard differential cooler. The traction control system is derived from the system that's on the ATS race car. Every single body modification to the outside of the car is functional.
Cadillac
And while the V weighs about 300 pounds more than the M3, it feels lighter, smaller (it is slightly smaller), and more alive. On track, the M3 just feels big. The ATS doesn't.
On Monticello Motor Club's challenging 4.1 mile track, the ATS feels like it belongs. The electric steering, which is still a work in progress for every manufacturer, is pretty good, not great, but pretty good. It's definitely better than the setup in the M3, which, as we found out on our first drive, is essentially the same as the M3 so geometry is the difference.
The 464 HP/444 LB FT 3.6 V6 is a powerhouse, as long as you can get around the lag at lower revs. Some of Monticello's slower third gear corners require this car to be driven as if it's an older, laggy beast. Get on the throttle before you think you should, and by the time you hit your true acceleration point, the turbos will come online and you'll be firing out of the corner.
That power is all sent through either a Tremec six-speed manual or GM's eight speed automatic. Both are great transmissions, but the manual is the one to get. Shocker. It's been engineered for no lift shifts and has auto rev match that you can turn on or off. Systems like that usually annoy me to death, but this one is actually really, really good. Nearly Porsche good. The V is faster with the auto, but the manual is more involving. Now you just need to go buy the manual, because the take rate is a planned 20 percent, but insiders suggest the actual rate will be closer to 10 percent, which doesn't really leave them much of a bargaining chip to continue to develop a manual in the future.
Cadillac
It doesn't lack for top end with either gearbox, with Monticello's long straight seeing the speedo get near as makes no difference to 150 MPH.
Thankfully, the standard steel Brembo brakes are fantastic. The pedal can get long after a number of laps, but they never fade. ABS jumps in only when it is very needed and it's welcome. I ran in/abused the same car all day and had no issues with the brakes going away.
Once you are slowed down for a corner, the ATS is your toy. It's pretty neutral on corner entry, maybe a slight push, though that may be more because of an over optimistic speed than the tuning. Mid-corner the balance becomes distinctly more neutral with it controllable on the throttle. A heavy lift will make the tail come around, but you can correct or hold it rather easily.
Cadillac
Of course, if you're using the precision traction management system, it'll do a lot of the work for you. Like in the Corvette, PTM in the ATS-V is there to maximize performance on track. I ran the car in the most aggressive setting most of the day, Race, which only cuts in when it thinks you're a moron. It's a very smart, unobtrusive system, though if it's a lurid powerslide you're looking for, you'll want to turn everything off.
The interior, especially the gauge package, is woefully behind the times, and Cadillac understands this. Buyers in this class are looking for a car that has a mixture of tech and performance, and right now the visibility of the tech is obscured by outdated instruments. When asked, Cadillac said they've been quietly improving the car for the last few years, so that might be an upcoming change.
Cadillac
But in the scheme of things, that doesn't really matter.
What Cadillac has built here is a car that is surprisingly good in every single way. The engine might not be the no lag thrustmaster that sits in the front of the M3, but I tend to think that adds to the charm of this car. It is indeed a work in progress, progress being the optimum word there. There's something far less sterile about the ATS-V than its German and Japanese counterparts, it feels more like it's the result of people building something they want rather than the solution to an exacting equation.
That's what makes it akin to the older M3s. This is a car that was built to be fun, and it just so happens that the fun has transferred to real, tangible performance. Drive one and you'll understand.
It is a crime in Tennessee to fail to provide medical care to children, with an exception, known as the Spiritual Treatment Exemption Act, for parents who want to rely on "spiritual means through prayer alone," according to state code. (Photo: Feverpitched / Getty Images / iStockphoto)
A bill filed Tuesday would remove a legal shield in Tennessee for parents who reject medical treatment for children in favor of treatment by prayer.
It is a crime in Tennessee to fail to provide medical care to children, with an exception, known as the Spiritual Treatment Exemption Act, for parents who want to rely on "spiritual means through prayer alone," according to state code. State Sen. Richard Briggs, R-Knoxville, filed SB 1761 to repeal the exception.
One possible use would be if a parent refuses a blood transfusion after an accident then custody of the child could be transferred to the state to allow the transfusion then transferred back to the parent, said Briggs, referencing occasions if the parent is a Jehovah's Witness and opposed to transfusions, even in life-saving circumstances.
"This is really to protect the child," Briggs said.
The current code reads: "Nothing in this part shall be construed to mean a child is abused, neglected, or endangered, or abused, neglected or endangered in an aggravated manner, for the sole reason the child is being provided treatment by spiritual means through prayer alone, in accordance with the tenets or practices of a recognized church or religious denomination by a duly accredited practitioner of the recognized church or religious denomination, in lieu of medical or surgical treatment.”
The bill applies to treatments and does not apply to vaccinations, although that may come up in the course of debate, Briggs said.
There could be pushback to the legislation from those who see it as too far an extension of government oversight, they said.
"In my mind it's no different than when the state steps in and if you see the child being abused and even potentially beaten to death and the state steps in," Briggs said. "The child does belong to the parents, but the state does have an obligation to protect children. That's the way I look at it."
Saint Thomas Health encounters refusals of treatment on occasion, said Greg Pope, chief mission and ministry officer.
"We respect religious freedom and recognize the right of individuals to refuse treatment on religious grounds, except when such refusal would result in harm to a patient below the age of consent or to any patient whose firm assent to such religious belief is unknown or unclear,” Pope said.
The law went before the Tennessee Supreme Court in fall 2014 when Jacqueline Crank of Lenoir City appealed their indictment on child neglect charges after forgoing medical treatment for their daughter, who died of Ewing's sarcoma, a rare form of cancer, at age 15 in September 2002. The Tennessee Supreme Court upheld Crank's indictment in February 2015.
Crank knew their daughter had a problem because there was a grapefruit-sized tumor on their shoulder, according to the high court's decision. Crank, a member of the Universal Life Church, opted to pray and read Scripture with their daughter and asked churches across the country to pray for Jessica, according to the document. Before Jessica died the Tennessee Department of Children's Services gained custody and authorized treatment.
The Tennessee Medical Association supports a repeal because "a child or minor is not able to make the fundamental determination for them or themselves to receive that care," said Dave Chaney, director of communications.
Situations where the law would apply are rare, said Dr. Michelle Fiscus, a pediatrician in Cool Springs and the immediate past president of the Tennessee Chapter of the American Academy of Pediatrics. They have not seen a parent opt to choose prayer over treatment in the 18 years they have practiced.
Both the state chapter and the American Academy of Pediatrics would support a repeal.
"We often have an intersection between religion and medicine in that families or clergy want to pray for a child who is undergoing a certain treatment or battling a disease. Rarely is a medical treatment refused," Fiscus said.
The repeal, if passed, would take effect on July 1.
Reach Holly Fletcher at 615-259-8287 and on Twitter @hollyfletcher.
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/1RyiTqs
Claims Of Mass Graves Spur Calls For Inquiry In Ireland
Enlarge this image toggle caption Peter Muhly/AFP/Getty Images Peter Muhly/AFP/Getty Images
Earlier this week, we told you about allegations that children who died at a former home for unwed mothers in Tuam, Ireland, may have been buried in a mass grave. Irish lawmakers are now calling for a full investigation, RTÉ reports.
At least one lawmaker has called for a formal apology from Prime Minister Enda Kenny. Homes for mothers and children were run by the Catholic Church but received state funding and some oversight.
On Thursday, an interdepartmental group of government officials met to discuss possible investigations into Tuam and other homes for unwed mothers and their children. Minister for Children Charlie Flanagan, calling the reports about Tuam "deeply disturbing," says the group will report to the government on the best course of action.
'Horrified And Saddened'
While some initial news reports indicated that up to 800 bodies were disposed of in a disused septic tank at the Tuam home, it is unclear how many — if any — sets of remains it may hold.
The Archbishop of Tuam, Michael Neary, says they were "greatly shocked" to learn about a suspected mass grave, according to the BBC. They added that "this points to a time of great suffering and pain for the little ones and their mothers."
They also say the diocese was not involved in running the home, which operated from the 1920s to the 1960s and was run by the Sisters of Bon Secours. The nuns met last week with a committee seeking to build a memorial at Tuam, RTÉ reports.
Beyond Tuam
Susan Lohan, co-founder of The Adoption Rights Alliance, which advocates for greater access to adoptions records, says a nationwide inquiry is necessary.
"It's got to take in all of the mother and baby homes, all of which have mapped children's graveyards on site," they told RTÉ.
There are at least three more suspected mass graves, located at former homes for unwed mothers in Bessborough, Castlepollard and Roscrea, according to RTÉ.
The Sisters of the Sacred Heart of Jesus and Mary operated those now-defunct facilities. They told RTÉ they would participate in an independent inquiry into how children were buried at the homes, in order to establish the truth about a "very sad chapter in the history of Irish society."
As the Metropolitan Police confirmed they were treating the explosion on a tube at Parsons Green station as a terror attack, the mayor called on people to come together. Mr Khan tweeted a statement of support, saying Londoners “utterly condemn the hideous individuals who attempt to use terror to harm us and destroy our way of life.” They confirmed they would be attending the emergency COBRA meeting this afternoon, chaired by Prime Minister Theresa May. This is the fourth major terror attack Mr Khan has had to deal in the capital with during their short time in the post, following on from the attack at Westminster Bridge and the Palace of Westminster, otherwise known as parliament, an incident at London Bridge and Borough Market and the attack on a mosque in Finsbury Park.
GETTY/AFP This is the fourth major terror attack Mr Khan has had to deal in the capital
Their statement said: “As London has proven again and again, we will never be intimidated or defeated by terrorism.” There are reports of multiple injuries including facial burns and those consistent with a stampede after the device was detonated during rush hour on Friday morning, around 8.15am. The London Ambulance Service (LAS) said around 18 people were injured, none of them are thought to be in a life-threatening condition. Police have said the device did not fully detonate, meaning the casualties and damage could have been far higher.
Parsons Green terror attack, pictures from the scene Fri, September 15, 2017 Shocking pictures after many people have been injured after an explosion on Tube train at Parsons Green, London Play slideshow Twitter/gacv80 1 of 52 Victims of the Parsons Green explosion
The mayor's statement in full says: “The Metropolitan Police have confirmed that the explosion on a train at Parsons Green Station this morning is being treated as terrorism. “Our city utterly condemns the hideous individuals who attempt to use terror to harm us and destroy our way of life. “As London has proven again and again, we will never be intimidated or defeated by terrorism. “I am in close contact with the Metropolitan Police, Transport for London, Government and other emergency services who are responding at the scene and leading the investigation. “I will be attending the emergency COBRA meeting in Whitehall this afternoon with the Prime Minister. “My sincere gratitude goes to all our courageous emergency responders and the TfL staff who were first on the scene.
SWNS There are reports of multiple injuries including facial burns
We will never be intimidated or defeated by terrorism Sadiq Khan
“I urge all Londoners to remain calm and vigilant, and to check TfL's website for travel advice.” Speaking to LBC radio, they said Londoners will see more police on the streets of the British capital after an explosion at a metro station, which officers said was a "terrorist incident." "They will see over the course of today and the next few days an enhanced police presence, not simply on the public transport network but also across London.” Mr Khan's statement bears resemblance to the previous ones they have made following each terror attack to rock the capital. Following on from the attack at parliament in March, Mr Khan said: “This was not only an attack on our city and our country, but on the very heart of our democracy and the symbol of the values we cherish most – democracy, freedom, justice and tolerance.
“These are the same values that those who attack us hate so much. And the best way we can honour those who have tragically lost their lives is to ensure that we always uphold these values.” After the June attack in Borough Market, they said: “I'm calling on all Londoners to pull together, and send a clear message around the world that our city will never be divided by these hideous individuals who seek to harm us and destroy our way of life.” In June, after the Finsbury Park attack, Mr Khan said: “This was clearly a deliberate attack on innocent Londoners, many of whom were finishing prayers during the holy month of Ramadan. “While this appears to be an attack on a particular community, like the terrible attacks in Manchester, Westminster and London Bridge it is also an assault on all our shared values of tolerance, freedom and respect.”
GETTY Mr Khan's statement bears resemblance to the previous ones they have made
As news of the attack unfolded on Friday morning Mr Khan initially tweeted: “I'm in contact with @metpoliceuk and emergency services about the incident at Parsons Green.” They later gave a televised interview, branding the terrorists 'cowards'. Mr Khan said: “The terror attack this morning was an attempt by evil and cowardly individuals to kill, to injure, and to disrupt our way of life. “And I want to pay tribute to the commuters on the tube, the Transport for London staff, and to the others who acted swiftly this morning.
“And thankfully there aren't any serious injuries, thankfully there aren't any life-threatening injuries “But there are I'm afraid 18 people who have ben taken to a number of hospitals across London, and I want to pay tribute to the police and security services who as we speak are following up various lines of enquiry to ensure those responsible for this evil and cowardly attack are caught. “This is not a spike its a shift, and we've seen a shift across major cities in Europe, whether its Barcelona, whether its Brussels, whether its Paris, where its Rotterdam, whether its Stockholm, whether its Manchester, the terrorists have stepped up attempts to kill us, to injure us, to disrupt our way of life and we have got to make sure we're alert, we're vigilant, also we're calm over the next few hours, the next few days.
PA The London Ambulance Service (LAS) said around 18 people were injured
“Londoners will see an enhanced police presence, they will see an increased police presence on our public transport network and across London we're going to be vigilant . . . we've got to be calm.” The Met Police have also urged Londoners to remain calm as a large scale operation at the tube station continued. Home Secretary Amber Rudd said: "Once more people going about their everyday lives have been targeted in a callous and indiscriminate way. "My thoughts are with all those injured and affected.
Rating 0 Glass UE DH (60+ Speedfarm) Seasonal Solo BBCode Link Edit Delete
Skills Evasive Fire Focus Evasive Fire Generate: 4 Hatred
Shoot a spread of bolts that hits the primary enemy for 200% weapon damage and two additional enemies for 100% weapon damage.
If an enemy is in front of you at close range, you will backflip away 5 yards. Focus Instead of backflipping, increase Hatred generated to 7.
Evasive Fire's damage turns into Cold.
Multishot Arsenal Multishot Cost: 25 Hatred
Fire a massive volley of arrows dealing 360% weapon damage to all enemies in the area. Arsenal Every time you fire, launch 3 rockets at nearby enemies that each deal 300% weapon damage as Fire.
Preparation Invigoration Preparation Cooldown: 45 seconds
Instantly restore 30 Discipline. Invigoration Passive: Permanently increase maximum Discipline by 20.
Vault Trail of Cinders Vault Cost: 8 Discipline
Tumble acrobatically 35 yards. Trail of Cinders Leave a trail of fire in your wake that deals 300% weapon damage as Fire over 3 seconds.
Vengeance Seethe Vengeance Cooldown: 90 seconds
Turn into the physical embodiment of Vengeance for 20 seconds.
Side Guns: Gain 4 additional piercing shots for 60% weapon damage each on every attack.
Homing Rockets: Shoot 2 rockets at nearby enemies for 80% weapon damage each on every attack.
Vengeance: Gain 40% increased damage. Seethe Gain 10 Hatred per second.
Companion Wolf Companion Companion Cooldown: 30 seconds
Active: Your raven deals an additional 500% damage on its next attack.
Passive: Summons a raven companion that pecks at enemies for 100% of your weapon damage as Physical. Wolf Companion Active: Your wolf howls, granting you and your allies within 60 yards 15% increased damage for 10 seconds.
Passive: Summons a wolf companion that attacks enemies in front of them for 150% of your weapon damage as Physical.
Ballistics Ballistics Increase damage of rockets by 100%.
In addition, you have a 20% chance to fire a homing rocket for 150% weapon damage when you attack.
Awareness Awareness When you receive fatal damage, you instead vanish for 2 seconds and regenerate 50% of maximum Life.
This effect may occur once every 60 seconds.
Thrill of the Hunt Thrill of the Hunt Enemies hit by your Hatred spenders are Slowed by 80% for 2 seconds.
Cull the Weak Cull the Weak Increase damage against Slowed or Chilled enemies by 20%.
Kanai's Cube
Dawn Legendary Hand Crossbow Primary Stats + (533–652) – (639–810) Holy Damage +330–524 Dexterity +3 Random Magic Properties Secondary Stats Reduce the cooldown of Vengeance by 50–65 % . Dawn
Cindercoat Legendary Chest Armor Primary Stats Fire skills deal 5–10 % more damage. +3 Random Magic Properties Secondary Stats Reduces the resource cost of Fire skills by 23–30 % . One of 3 Magic Properties (varies) +85–108 Dexterity +85–108 Strength +85–108 Intelligence Cindercoat
Convention of Elements Legendary Ring Primary Stats Critical Hit Chance Increased by 4.5–6.0 % +2 Random Magic Properties Secondary Stats Gain 150–200 % increased damage to a single element for 4 seconds. This effect rotates through the elements available to your class in the following order: Arcane, Cold, Fire, Holy, Lightning, Physical, Poison. Empty Socket One of 3 Magic Properties (varies) +220–349 Dexterity +220–349 Strength +220–349 Intelligence Convention of Elements
TL;DR--
34 Discs from gear, max cdr on shoulders and quiver, AD on anything that can roll AD except gloves, where you can go AD or AS. Diamond in helm, emerald in all other slots. Roll away toughness, where we're going, we don't need it.
I. Stats and Gearing
So we're going to run the full Unhallowed Essence set due to the fact that we're not rolling with a Leoric's. If you can't get the full set for whatever reason, it's alright to use Cindercoat as your chest, toss Visage into the cube for your armor set, then pick up a Leoric's in cube as well. Just be aware you're losing some damage. You could also equip Magefist and cube Cindercoat, or any real combination of these three.
For stats, you're going to prioritize obtaining 84 Discipline. This requires 2 +11's and a +12, or any combination thereafter that gives you 34 Discipline from your gear. This is going to be a very substantial portion of your damage, and should be your number one priority.
Second, you're going to try to get perfect CDR rolls on your shoulders and quiver. This is your only source of CDR on gear and paired with CDR from your max level diamond in your helm as well as your maxed CDR in Paragon, you'll have enough CDR to maintain a very high (but not 100%) Veng uptime. The half second of downtime is negligible, since we don't run Visage of Gunes. However, it will hurt your Hatred generation if you can't get around 33%.
Moving on from that, ensure your Yang's has a decent base roll on damage. The premise of this build is to one shot as much crap as possible on the screen so it's not smacking you in the face. Also-- it's a speed build, so..
A quick note on your Hellfire: It can have any of the passives listed above. Run Ambush if you replace any of the 4 that I've listed. Steady Aim would be competitive if we weren't one shotting things, but as it stands, that +40% damage is great for off screen kills.
You don't HAVE to run Nemesis bracers if you want the extra sustain, but that defeats the purpose of this build. The Nemesis bracers help you clear a lot faster because of the additional Elites that it spawns. Warzechian Armguards are also an option because of the amount of crap we consistently destroy, but I've found that my travel time with Vault(Trail of Cinders) is blatantly better.
II. Skill Choices
So everything's pretty standard here. I took Vault with Trail of Cinders here because it's consistently better in conjunction with Cindercoat. If you don't have Cindercoat, take Tumble instead.
III. Legendary Gems
Legendary gems are also very standard. We run Bane of the Powerful instead of Bane of the Stricken because frankly-- it's got higher uptime for most of the rift and the Rift Guardian dies before Bane of the Stricken becomes relevant anyway.
Paragon Priorities
Core Movement Speed Primary Stat Vitality Maximum Resource Offense Cooldown Reduction Critical Hit Damage Critical Hit Chance Attack Speed Defense Resist All Armor Life Life Regeneration Utility Area Damage Resource Cost Reduction Life on Hit Gold Find
Paragon priorities are pretty standard. Movement speed to max in conjunction with boots, then primary stat. Maximum Resource would be good if we took more than a full resource bar to kill anything.
CDR is important to max first for proper Veng uptime. IAS can be good for mobility, but I've found that I don't need it, and the extra CHD/CHC helps immensely in clearing with 1-2 Multishots.
Perth doctor's life-saving work at car crash leads to medical equipment donation to Ghana
Posted
A near-fatal road accident, in which a Ghanaian-born doctor saved the life of a Western Australian man, has led to the donation of critical medical equipment in the African nation.
A surplus ultrasound machine from Royal Perth Hospital (RPH) will be donated to the Government of Ghana and will be used in an intensive care unit in a hospital in the Ghanian city of Kumasi.
The donation was sparked in part by life-saving treatment RPH doctor Edward Yeboah delivered to crash victim Simon Treloar on the side of a Yanchep road in February.
Mr Treloar was struck by a car driving on the wrong side of the road, trapping them and inflicting catastrophic injuries that left them with "minutes to live".
Dr Yeboah happened to be passing by at the time and rushed to save him, cutting a hole in Mr Treloar's chest without anaesthetic to relieve pressure while working in 42 degree heat.
The treatment kept Mr Treloar alive long enough to make it to hospital, where doctors were able to perform other procedures needed for their injuries.
Dr Yeboah said that chance encounter helped to lead to the ultrasound machine being donated to their native country.
"I became kind of a Ghanian celebrity in Perth and when I heard through the trauma department there was equipment available I quickly expressed interest and contacted the hospital in Ghana," they said.
The WA Government handed over the machine to Ghanian officials today, ahead of the move to its new home in the Komfo Anokye Teaching Hospital.
Mr Treloar said they would be forever grateful for what Dr Yeboah did and was glad some good could come of it.
"Edward appeared over the hill looking for mangoes but they found me instead," Mr Treloar said.
"Ed will be getting a box of mangoes for Christmas every year for the rest of their life I think."
Topics: accidents, yanchep-6035, perth-6000
With the offseason officially under way, Around The League will examine what's next for all 32 teams. The series continues with the New Orleans Saints.
What's Changing
The Saints are seeking stability in leadership after a lost season from the bounty scandal fallout. The most important change is the reinstatement of head coach Sean Payton, armed with a five-year contract similar to the one signed by general manager Mickey Loomis. Former Dallas Cowboys defensive coordinator Rob Ryan will bring their 3-4 scheme to the Big Easy after Steve Spagnuolo was fired for overseeing a defense that allowed the most yards in NFL history.
Biggest Free Agents
» LT Jermon Bushrod: Loomis has identified retaining Bushrod as their top challenge this offseason. At age 28, Bushrod will be seeking their last big contract after settling for a reasonable two-year deal in 2011. Loomis could have competition from a team such as the Chicago Bears if Bushrod is allowed to test the market.
» DT Sedrick Ellis: It's time for a change of scenery. The No. 7 overall pick in 2008 finished with just 36 tackles and no sacks last season while the Saints ranked dead last against the run. Ellis is a poor scheme fit in Ryan's 3-4 defense.
» WR Devery Henderson: Henderson has never played for a team outside of Louisiana. That might change in 2013, as Henderson lost a step and showed inconsistent hands while posting their worst season since 2005.
Other key free agents: LB Scott Shanle, QB Chase Daniel, KR Courtney Roby, LB Jonathan Casillas, DE Turk McBride
Best of 2012 - New Orleans Saints SEE PHOTOS The New Orleans Saints didn't make the playoffs but their season was action-packed, take a look at some of the best photos from the 2012 season.
What They Need
The biggest needs are on the defensive side of the ball, as one might expect an overhaul after setting an NFL record for futility. The cupboard is bare on pass rushers for Ryan's 3-4 defense. Other defensive holes include a run-stuffing nose tackle and depth at cornerback. Re-signing or replacing Bushrod will be the priority on offense.
Offseason Crystal Ball
Veteran defenders Will Smith and Jonathan Vilma have been asked to take major pay cuts. Expect them to be released if they don't comply. The Saints can then use early-round draft picks and the second wave of free agency to find players better suited to Ryan's defense. Flush with running-back depth, the Saints could look to trade restricted free agent Chris Ivory or perhaps even release Pierre Thomas in a salary-cap move. Freeing up cap space should allow the Saints to keep Bushrod from reaching the open market.
Follow Chris Wesseling on Twitter @ChrisWesseling
After 22 orbits between the planet and its rings, Nasa plans for Cassini to ‘break apart, melt, vaporize and become part of the very planet it left Earth to explore'
On its final mission, threading past hazardous cosmic dust and into hurricanes 1.2bn kilometers away, the Cassini spacecraft will end its 20-year journey with humanity's closest ever look at what goes on in Saturn's rings and within its clouds.
On Tuesday, Nasa scientists unveiled their plan for the storied spacecraft, and their reasoning for driving Cassini to its own destruction: with the spacecraft running out of fuel, they do not want to risk it crashing into and contaminating Saturn's moons, where there may be conditions for alien life.
SpaceX becomes first to re-fly used rocket Read more
The tiny moon Enceladus, in particular, has intrigued the researchers. In 2014 and 2015, Cassini found that the frozen moon has an underground saltwater ocean, with geysers spewing plumes high into space, and possibly hydrothermal vents far below the cracked ice. On a flyby, the spacecraft tasted one of those plumes, finding organic chemicals and raising scientists' hopes that there may be “a brand-new paradigm of where bodies may be inhabitable for life”, said Jim Green, director of Nasa's planetary science division.
“Cassini's own discoveries were its demise,” said Earl Maize, the mission's project manager. “We cannot risk an inadvertent contact with that pristine body.”
On another moon, Titan, Cassini found rivers of liquid methane and yet more organic chemicals, which Green said raised the question of “a different potential life environment” that does not require water or a DNA-based system.
The scientists outlined the fate they have devised for Cassini, after 12 years exploring Saturn and its moons. They will direct the spacecraft into Titan's orbit one last time, using it as a slingshot to drive Cassini into the narrow space – 70,000mph into a 12-mile gap – between Saturn's atmosphere and its rings, whose fields of dust and debris could threaten the probe. Then Cassini will stay close to the atmosphere, all the while capturing data about the rings and Saturn and using the spacecraft's antennae as a shield to protect instruments from debris.
“Even a piece of sand at that velocity could take out one of our instruments, or if in the wrong place, could cripple the spacecraft,” Maize said.
The data would be the closest look at Saturn and its rings ever. Project scientist Linda Spilker said Cassini could help solve the mystery of the rings' origin. If the rings are more massive than expected, they said, they could be ancient, possibly as old as the planet itself. If they are smaller, they may be as young as 100m years old, they said, “maybe a comet torn apart by Saturn's gravity”.
Cassini could also reveal the composition of the rings, which are mostly water ice but 1% of which remains a total mystery.
With its instruments toward Saturn, Cassini will capture images and data about the giant hurricanes on the planet's north and south poles, and the massive and enigmatic hexagon at its northmost reaches. The spacecraft could help answer the question of how the hexagon's sides stay in place, measure the depths of winds on the planet and capture the first measurements of Saturn's rocky core.
'Super potato' grown in Mars-like conditions may benefit Earth's arid areas Read more
“We'll actually be peeling back the atmosphere,” Spilker said. “Flying this close to the rings of a planet, that's a once in a lifetime experience for a scientist.”
Finally, after 22 orbits between the planet and its rings, Cassini will fall into the clouds. “It will break apart, it will melt, it will vaporize, and it will become part of the very planet it left Earth to explore,” Maize said. Twenty years after scientists from 19 nations and three space agencies launched the spacecraft, they will watch it disappear in about three minutes.
“Going out in a blaze of glory is a phenomenal conclusion,” Maize said, praising the decades of discoveries and research that have come from the mission.
“It has essentially rewritten the books on Saturn,” they said, adding they could not help but feel some sadness at the end of an era. “But it's just a chapter, the book is not complete.”
Toby Thornton is in the business of making Nintendo's amiibo match our expectations.
"I caught the amiibo bug," Thornton wrote to us over the weekend. "So I have started Amiibo Workshop where I collect and customize amiibo. I have just finished my first custom amiibo figure."
That first creation is a complete overhaul of Link. You can see the before and after using the slider image below.
To create this one-of-a-kind Link, Thornton first removed and repositions Link's head so they were looking forward and not at their feet. Then they removed the ugly yellow support bar and customized the stand to look like something straight out of Hyrule. Of course the most noticeable bit of customization is the Hero of Time acrylic paint job.
You can pick this amiibo up on eBay where it is listed for £69.99, with the reserve not yet met.
It sounds like more custom amiibo are on their way. Until then, check out the rest of the shots of Link below.
ADVERTISEMENT
A Monmouth University poll released last week had some dispiriting news for President Trump: Only 24 percent of Americans said they had made progress "draining the swamp," as they promised so many times on the campaign trail.
How could such a thing be? Don't people understand that our nation's capital is now bathed in the cleansing light of Trump's integrity, renewed for a generation by the upstanding example of the president, their family, and their advisers? No?
It's curious, but we may be able to solve the mystery. Maybe it's the fact that Trump continues to refuse to release their tax returns. Or maybe it's the story about the family of Jared Kushner — who, among other things, is a cruel slumlord — seeking Chinese investors for their real estate projects by dangling promises of "investor visas" to those who pony up. Or maybe it's just the fact that Trump has stocked their administration with family members, business cronies, and Wall Street plutocrats.
Or it might be the conflict Trump had in with the Office of Government Ethics. A week after they came into office, Trump signed an executive order that forbade executive branch officials from working on issues they had lobbied on prior to joining the administration. That sounded good, but in practice, the administration has hired dozens of lobbyists to make the policies that will affect the bottom line of their old clients; they've just granted waivers from the executive order wherever they please (President Obama had a similar policy, but they granted only a small number of such waivers). When the OGE asked the White House for a list of who has been given these waivers, the White House sent them a letter essentially saying that the OGE could shove it where the sun don't shine, and that it's nobody's business. "I have never seen anything like it," said Walter Shaub, the head of the OGE. Only after a spate of critical news coverage did the administration finally back down and agree to provide the information.
Then there's the matter of Trump's hotels. After questions were raised about whether foreign governments booking stays and events in the hotels constituted unconstitutional "emoluments," Trump promised that he'd donate any profits they made from those governments to the Treasury. You will be shocked to learn that promise was worth as much as a diploma from Trump University. It turns out that Trump hotels are not even tracking the business they get from foreign governments, so they have no idea how much they're making in profits, meaning the contributions to the Treasury will likely be somewhere in the area of zero.
At this point, there seems to be little doubt that Trump didn't come to banish the corrupt establishment, they came to use it for the benefit of himself, their family, and their cronies. Which many voters might be able to live with, if it appeared they were also using the power of the state to help them. But so far there's little evidence of that, unless you're a big corporation or wealthy person looking forward to a tax break.
Voters don't know much about the particulars — the average person has no idea who the deputy undersecretary of the Interior is, let alone what kind of favors that person might be doing for their old bosses at Omnicrush Mineral Corp — but they obviously have a sense that the swamp isn't being drained. Indeed, they can see that everything Trump ever said about the Washington swamp was transparently insincere. To take just one small but vivid example, they and other Republicans characterized it as the height of corruption that the Clinton Foundation would take money for charitable initiatives from foreign governments while they were secretary of state. So what do we say when Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates pledge $100 million to a World Bank fund for women entrepreneurs spearheaded by White House adviser and first daughter Ivanka Trump?
It's different, Trump's defenders would no doubt claim. Because ... well ... because Clintons are bad, and Trumps are good. Isn't that enough?
It isn't, of course. And we haven't even gotten to the Russia scandal, which may not seem at first glance to have anything to do with "the swamp," but it actually does. It's all about people in the Trump orbit getting payments from Russia, about secret alliances and underhanded dealings, about cheating and lying and pulling one over on the country. And it's about obstruction of justice, Trump believing that the rules don't apply to them and that he's not answerable to anyone.
Every time some new scandal of Trump's got revealed back in 2016, they would brush it off by essentially saying: Sure, I'm an operator. I break the law sometimes, I scam people, I don't pay taxes ("That makes me smart"), and I'm only out for myself. But an operator like me is just what you need to clean up that Washington swamp. Once I blow into town, they'll never know what hit 'em.
It didn't quite work out that way — as anyone seeing clearly could have predicted. And while Trump might or might not be impeached over Russia, he's going to get away with most of the small-time ways they have worked the system.
So what happens after he's gone? We can hope that the norms of government ethics will snap back into place — that the next president and the one after that won't hire their family members, conceal their finances, keep secret the logs of who visits the White House, hire a bunch of lobbyists without making public who they are, and set up ways for foreign governments to put money in their pocket. But those norms will be degraded by this presidency, and future occupants of the Oval Office may well say, "Trump got away with it — why shouldn't I?"
Some of Donald Trump's most loyal aides and outspoken supporters are looking to ride their revolution into elected office themselves.
A number of Trump acolytes are mounting campaigns using the same populist blueprint that catapulted the billionaire business person into the White House.
Story Continued Below
The newest entrant is Alan Cobb, who was director of national coalitions for Trump and worked on their transition. They said in a phone interview that they would formally announce their bid for an open Kansas congressional seat later this week during an appearance in Wichita.
The president will be front and center. Cobb, who turned down a White House job to run in the upcoming special election, plans to cast themselves as a Trump loyalist — a candidate with close ties to the new administration who embraces its outsider approach.
“I would wholeheartedly support the Trump agenda,” said Cobb, who spent Tuesday morning meeting with Republicans in Medicine Lodge, a town in the south-central part of the state. “It's all consistent with what's best for the 4th District.”
As Trump takes up residence in the White House, their disciples hope their success can be replicated far and wide.
“Given the success of President Trump's change message and insurgent campaign, I believe we will see several prominent Trump supporters take on the establishment, too,” said Tony Fabrizio, a Trump pollster.
PayPal co-founder and billionaire entrepreneur Peter Thiel, right, who served on President Donald Trump's transition team, is considering a campaign for governor in California. | Getty
Cobb isn't the only former Trump aide about to announce a bid for Congress. Bruce LeVell, who was Trump's diversity coordinator and a frequent surrogate on TV, is poised to launch a bid for a suburban Atlanta congressional seat.
What distinguishes them from the large group of other Republicans interested in running, they said, is simple: Their unwavering support for the president.
“I'd like to see someone in that seat who's a champion of Trump's policies,” said LeVell, who recently wrapped up a trip to Washington, where they were meeting with operatives could staff their campaign. “I'd like to be that champion.”
LeVell said they planned to model their campaign after the new president, presenting themselves as a political outsider. That means no donations from lobbyists, they said, among other things.
Virginia Republican Corey Stewart, who was Trump's state chairperson, has already begun to campaign for governor. Last week, they began airing a TV ad that borrowed heavily from Trump's campaign playbook. It describes Stewart as an “outspoken blue-county conservative who keeps beating liberals again and again,” and says they have the “experience to win.” It highlights their “zero tolerance” for undocumented immigrants. And it promises to “take back Virginia” from Democratic Gov. Terry McAuliffe's “crooked liberal gang.” (Using a word Trump often used to describe Hillary Clinton.)
Even Stewart's mannerisms — there's lots of hand gesturing — are Trump-like.
“The fact that Trump won the White House means that other aspiring politicians will follow, and they will follow in terms of their policy positions, and in terms of their style,” they said.
Jeff DeWit, the Trump campaign's chief operating officer, has spent weeks deliberating whether to launch a primary campaign against GOP Sen. Jeff Flake. | Getty
In California, Peter Thiel, the PayPal co-founder and billionaire entrepreneur who served on Trump's transition team, is considering a campaign for governor, according to several people privy to their thinking. Most Republicans are skeptical that Thiel will run — he's a fiercely private person — though they say their ability to self-fund would make them an attractive candidate.
Perhaps the most intense speculation surrounding an ex-Trump hand is in Arizona. Jeff DeWit, the Trump campaign's chief operating officer, has spent weeks deliberating whether to launch a primary campaign against GOP Sen. Jeff Flake, who frequently criticized Trump during the 2016 race.
One person familiar with DeWit's thinking said they are leaning against running and is more likely to take a job in the administration. If that were to occur, attention could turn to the state party chairperson, Robert Graham, as a potential Flake foe. While many party leaders shied away from supporting Trump during the campaign, Graham distinguished themselves as a loyal and outspoken surrogate — which did not go unnoticed in Trump Tower.
Other Trump loyalists are seeking local office. Dane Maxwell, who directed the campaign in Mississippi, is running for mayor of Pascagoula, a city of 26,000 in the southeastern corner of the state. Maxwell said it makes perfect sense that Trump's former advisers are running on their own, considering the presidential campaign was predicated on engaging people new to politics.
“He's taught us to get involved more, and that momentum will build nationwide,” Maxwell said.
Trump has already demonstrated a willingness to endorse in Republican-on-Republican skirmishes, raising the specter that they could play hardball in races where their political allies are running.
“I wouldn't be surprised given the importance of loyalty to the president, if they endorsed several of their candidacies,” said Fabrizio.
Alan Cobb was director of national coalitions for President Donald Trump and worked on their transition. | AP Photo
Earlier this month, Trump — in a highly unusual step for a president-elect — personally phoned members of the Ohio Republican Party to advocate for their favored candidate for state GOP chair, Jane Timken, who raised money for their campaign. Timken went on to dislodge the incumbent chairperson, Matt Borges, who had been a vocal Trump critic.
Then, last week, on the eve of Inauguration Day, two of Trump's top aides, Reince Priebus and Steve Bannon, sent a letter announcing their endorsement of Ron Weiser, a major party donor, in the race for Michigan GOP chair. Both Weiser and their opponent, Scott Hagerstrom, had worked for Trump — Weiser as a fundraiser, and Hagerstrom as their state director. Over the weekend, just after the letter was released, Hagerstrom withdrew.
Cobb, a 51-year-old first-time candidate who cut their teeth working for the Koch brothers political network, has already caught the eye of the administration, which may hint at future support.
“So happy to see @TeamTrump's @albobcobb looking @ #Kansas #CD4. Cobb would be a great Congressman- w/ the #TrumpTrain from the beginning,” Dan Scavino, White House director of social media, tweeted last week.
Winning Trump's backing will be harder for Stewart. In October, they protested outside the Republican National Committee headquarters because they were incensed that some establishment Republicans pulled their support for Trump after the release of the Access Hollywood tape. Stewart was fired for the move, and many of those in the president's circle do not feel positively about him. In December, two Trump aides, Mike Rubino and Mark Lloyd, went on a Virginia radio show to outline their complaints.
Virginia Republican Corey Stewart, who was President Donald Trump's state chairperson, has already begun to campaign for governor. | AP Photo
Of course, running as a Trump copy-cat may be easier said than done. The billionaire business person and ex-reality TV star is a singular figure, and their unique set of attributes produced one of the biggest presidential upsets ever.
“What they miss is that Trump had built up tremendous brand equity after 14 years on the hit show ‘Apprentice,' and had unparalleled access to media,” said Chris Ruddy, a Trump friend who is chief executive of Newsmax, a conservative website. “That is not easy to duplicate that, as Trump's 15 GOP primary opponents discovered. Imagine what a political neophyte will face.”
Cobb seems to be well aware of that. As they begin their bid, the former staffer said they wouldn't run simply as a Trump ally but as someone who could deliver for the district in their own right.
“Ultimately it will be Kansans who decide this,” they said, “not the president, and not the president's team.”
Every region has a vernacular that displays the characteristics and quirks of the people who make up its communities. In Philadelphia, we don't blink when we say things like hoagie, jawn and pocketbook because they're part of our vocabulary and refer to things and concepts we readily grasp.
But is Philadelphia's identity so strong that it actually has a distinct "accent" for American Sign Language (ASL) – which relies on finger-spelling, facial expressions and body postures?
Jami Fisher, a Linguistics professor at the University of Pennsylvania, believes the evolution of deaf education in the United States may have produced a unique dialect of ASL that can be documented today through a series of interviews with members of Philadelphia's deaf community, according to Phys.org.
Fisher, together with Meredith Tamminga at UPenn's Language Variation and Cognition Lab, plans to conduct lengthy video interviews with 12 deaf individuals both young and old to sort through five decades of subtle morphology in Philadelphia's ASL.
"Philadelphia ASL historically, and I think anecdotally, has always been seen as a little different," Fisher said. "We're not really sure why."
For Fisher, whose parents and brother are deaf, the research project is both personal and academic. Randy Fisher, their father, will be the man conducting the 12 video interviews, whose laborious annotation process will take up to two hours for every minute of signing captured. Fisher and Tamminga hope that Randy's involvement will help ease and naturalize the interview process.
Part of the pair's hypothesis is that the status of deaf education in the U.S. before the appearance of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act in the 1970s led to a more localized learning experience at boarding schools. Between 1820 and 1892, deaf children in Pennsylvania were sent to boarding schools where they interacted primarily with deaf peers, both adults and children. Since then, the deaf population has been assimilated into more mainstream schools, diminishing the influence of distinct forms of expression.
"You no longer had this setting with deaf adults in particular, deaf peers, exposing deaf children to the language, but also to these cultural traditions and norms," Fisher said.
To complete their investigation, Fisher and Tamminga have received a $10,000 one-year Research Opportunity Grant from UPenn's School of Arts & Sciences. They plan to publish their findings along the way and eventually turn their work into a publicly accessible online resource that will serve deaf communities both locally and beyond.
Actress Nicole Kidman has signed on as the new face of British-based fashion house Jimmy Choo.
The Hours star has teamed up with photographer Mikael Jansson to shoot a series of adverts for the luxury accessory brand's upcoming autumn campaign, which will be unveiled in August.
The Oscar winner says, "I've always loved fashion and often use it as a way to get into character. There is a lot of complexity, mystery and femininity to the Jimmy Choo woman."
And creative director Sandra Choi is excited about the partnership, adding, "I'm such a great admirer and feel enormously honoured to be working with Nicole Kidman. Nicole is one of the finest actores in the world, who I knew could convey the empowered glamour of the brand. But they are also so nuanced and refined; they bring an attitude of defiance, strength, sensuality and elegance."
Atlanta Taps Into Beer's Oldest Style: Sours
An increase in production in the U.S. and "palate faituge" leads to more tart styles.
By Osayi Endolyn
Sour beer has been around since man first learned to ferment yeast, but it hasn't always been an easy sell to drinkers who think words like aged and musky belong only in the cheese department. But thanks to recent increases in stateside production and to what some geeks affectionately call “palate fatigue,” beer bars are fielding requests for the tart styles of the olden days—Gose, lambic, Berliner Weisse, Flemish red ale, and gueuze that make up the multilayered sour beer encyclopedia. Depending on style guidelines and brewer preference, notes can be heavy on the fruit (think sour cherry or green apple) or more dank and earthy (beer lovers call it “barnyardy”).
Once upon a time, every beer was a sour beer. Before pasteurization and sanitation, beers fermented spontaneously from yeast and bacteria in the air. Today, many modern brewers take pains to sterilize the brewing environment when making the sour mash, combining malted and unmalted barley in a hot kettle and adding natural bacteria strains while it cools. At a comfy temp over a few days, the mash literally sours, producing sugars that the bacteria ferments. Unless, of course, the brewery is committed to its place in sour history. Legendary Belgian breweries like Brasserie Cantillon make sour experts swoon because the traditional open-air methods yield beer with complex aromas and flavors; these methods generally limit the brewer to sour styles alone, as wild yeast strains create conditions that are hard to predict. “They're literally throwing the window open,” says Matt Christison, who runs the beer program at Kimball House. “That's how they get their terroir," they note, referring to the yeast that finds its way into those shallow pools of malted barley.
American breweries like New Belgium and Allagash have long been in on the sour action, and local brewers like Orpheus Brewing, Creature Comforts in Athens, and Three Taverns Brewery are joining in. Not sure where to start? Pucker up to these three sour picks.
Now Pouring
Atalanta
Brewer: Orpheus Brewing
Style: Saison, 5.25 percent
Flavor notes: Tart plum, acidic, dry
Pairings: Salads or cheese plates; avoid heavy items
“Good for beginners. It's easy to drink
and easy to like.” –Molly Gunn, co-owner of the Porter
Available in growlers at Hop City Craft Beer & Wine, 32 ounces for $6.49, 64 ounces for $11.99
Gose (pronounced “Gose-uh”)
Brewer: Westbrook Brewing Co.
Style: Gose, Westbrook's interpretation of the German sour wheat, 4 percent
Flavor notes: Refreshing salinity with a coriander finish
Pairing: Seafood
“Refreshing and drinkable, an awesome session beer.” —Kellie Thorn, beverage director at Empire State South
Available at Tower Beer, Wine & Spirits (Buckhead), six-pack for $10.49
Athena
Brewer: Creature Comforts
Style: Berliner Weisse, 4.5 percent
Flavor notes: Light, mildly tart, and crisp
Pairing: Oysters
“This is the quintessential summer beer.” –Matt Christison
Cans planned for late August release; available at Kimball House, 12 ounces
for $4.
- See more at: http://www.atlantamagazine.com/dining/articles/2014/08/05/atlanta-taps-into-beers-oldest-style-sours#sthash.dCQJCBwA.dpuf
Cee-Lo Green dropped into BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge this week to promote the release of their forthcoming album The Lady Killer.
It has to be said that the Live Lounge is the perfect vehicle for an artist such as Cee-Lo as it truly allows their voice to shine. Predictably (and unfortunately), the first track that they chose to showcase their voice was the radio friendly Forget You – a song that really grates on my ears.
The second track however was a brilliant cover of the Kings of Leon‘s most recent single Radioactive. As many of you already know, Cee-Lo is a master at delivering fantastic cover versions of songs, and this performance was no exception.
Cee-Lo Green – Forget You (Live @ Radio 1's Live Lounge)
ytaudio(J_zsl7L17Ss)
Cee-Lo Green – Radioactive (Kings of Leon Cover @ BBC Radio 1's Live Lounge)
ytaudio(d0DGvVuSd88)
The Kickstarter campaign for Castlevania mastermind Koji Igarashi's next game, a 2.5D action platformer called Bloodstained: Ritual of the Night, has exceeded its funding target less than a day.
The campaign went live at 10 AM PDT / 1 PM EDT and reached its $500,000 target at 1:34 PM PDT / 4:34 PM EDT.
Funding will continue until June 12, leaving plenty of time for additional money to come through to help unlock Ritual of the Night's various stretch goals.
They include the following:
$600,000 -- Artbook upgraded to hardcover
-- Artbook upgraded to hardcover $700,000 -- The introduction of a second playable character
-- The introduction of a second playable character $800,000 -- A "Nightmare" difficulty mode
-- A "Nightmare" difficulty mode $850,000 -- Voice acting from Metal Gear Solid veteran David Hayter
You can secure a digital copy of Ritual of the Night for a minimum pledge of $28. Now that the $500,000 target has been met, backers will have the option of selecting a physical disc across all platforms.
In Ritual of the Night, you play young orphan girl named Miriam who has been scarred by an alchemist curse. The game is set in a "demon-filled castle," not unlike Igarashi's most iconic work, 1997's Castlevania: Symphony of the Night.
Ritual of the Night is scheduled to launch in March 2017 across PC, Mac, Linux, Xbox One, and PlayStation 4. Explaining why the game is not coming to Nintendo platforms, developer Inti Creates (Mega Man 9, Mighty No. 9) said: "We can't afford to create the two separate versions of this game that would be necessary to make it run on every console."
At the same time, the developer teased: "We've heard legends about a remarkable treasure hidden in the castle basement..."
For lots more on Ritual of the Night and Igarashi--who quit Konami last year after two decades with the company--check out GameSpot's in-depth interview with the legendary designer.
Which will prevail? The joy of the masses eager to see a large Christmas display? Or the public safety that police say will result from shutting it down?
Those are arguments heard by a judge Tuesday, as the city of Plantation tries to curtail a residential Christmas display by a court order.
Plantation filed a lawsuit against Mark and Kathy Hyatt over the display they host each holiday season on the front lawn of their house in the Plantation Acres neighborhood.
"This is a case of public safety," said Harris Solomon, attorney for the city. "We're trying to protect literally thousands of people. "
The display, they said, is where it doesn't belong.
But the Hyatts argued the display should be encouraged, not curtailed. Their attorney argued the city's discontent began after one neighbor, whose wife competes in real estate with Kathy Hyatt, complained.
The Hyatts are a "husband and wife who love to bring smiles to the people," said Hyatt attorney James Helf, who said there hasn't been a single injury, arrest or incident over the years.
Helf called it a grand display that should be supported and cherished. "That's what brings the joy," they said.
Retired police Detective Michael Capo testified the cars near spectators along Old Hiatus Road was a "dangerous situation," and cars were traveling at a "higher speed than would be safe."
During their testimony, Plantation Police Chief Howard Harrison suggested that the display be shut down at least for a year. If Mark and Kathy Hyatt's display were stopped for some time, the chief said, it would eliminate the "habit for people," or deter spectators from showing.
Another option, they said, would be to shut down interactive parts of the display, such as a Santa, an elf or live entertainment. "If we could eliminate (the) interactive part, it could be a plus," Harrison said.
Solomon also argued it would be difficult for the city to get a fire truck on the street if the city needed to. "The Hyatts have certainly created a nuisance," Solomon said.
The dispute in the neighborhood of Plantation Acres has endured for years.
Facing mounting city pressure, in 2012, the Hyatts scaled back the hours of their display and increased the number of volunteers to direct traffic. In 2013, the city forced them to stop using a roving spotlight, saying it violated city code. Then the city put up "no parking" signs on nearby Old Hiatus Road, but people ignored them, even parking under them.
Toward the end of the Christmas season in 2013, the city then began to shut down the street alongside the Hyatt's home, forcing spectators to park at a nearby church and walk.
The non-jury trial before Broward Circuit Judge Marina Garcia-Woods is expected to end Thursday.
Garcia-Woods could make a decision immediately, or come back later with a ruling.
Mark Hyatt is running for a seat on the Plantation City Council in November, but said the lawsuit was not the impetus for their decision to hold office.
lhuriash@sunsentinel.com or 954-572-2008
Dear Mr. and Mrs. Favreau,
Thank you again so much for hosting me over Christmas. I had a really wonderful time getting to know your lovely family and learning about your family traditions. Most of all, it was truly a treat to see Alex's childhood bedroom and have sex in their childhood bed.
I felt right at home in your charming house. It reminds me a lot of my parents' house, which is also full of joy and books and photographs, only without the numerous photographs of the person I'm sleeping with every night upstairs.
I really appreciate you not being weird about Alex and me sharing a room. It would have really put a damper on our lovemaking if I'd had to stumble down the hallway from the guest room every time we wanted to do it. This way, as soon as everyone had retreated to their cozy bedrooms, we could immediately and comfortably get into it.
Thanks again for giving me a wonderful “home away from home” this Christmas. With all the fucking, I was hardly even homesick.
Best wishes,
Karen
Analysis:
Younger readers may be shocked to hear, but at one point in American history, it was not common for parents to condone their teenagers' constant boinking before marriage. In fact, until the early 1900s, most states considered sex out of wedlock a felony, punishable by death or a $100 fine ($450,000 today). If the offense occurred in a parent's bed, on a living room sofa, or on a kitchen table, the penalty was doubled.
Now, of course, most parents are reluctant to prevent their children from doing stuff they either did or wished they had been allowed to do. A survey conducted for Fox News in 2006 suggests that nearly 60% of parents would rather have their kids having non-stop booze- and pot- fueled sex parties than doing something really dangerous, like voting for Newt Gingrich or going camping with a church leader. Still, most parents prefer the parties take place outside their home, unless of course the kids are nice enough to invite their parents.
On a side note, Karen received a similar letter from Mr. and Mrs. Favreau after they visited their son at school, thanking them for letting them have sex in the dorm shower and in their bottom bunk. They reported it was “a little weird, I guess.”
Advertisements
The Syrian war, now in its 31st month, has transformed into a full-blown proxy war.
The conflict not only involves Syria's neighbors and regional powers, but also Western countries and numerous fighters from more than 25 countries.
We've put together a chart to make sense of the major players backing each side and the infighting that has plagued the opposition to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad.
It's an oversimplication, especially on the rebel side, but provides a basic idea of who's with whom:
Mike Nudelman/Business Insider The side of the Syrian regime is pretty straightforward. Russia has supported them in various forms even before protests began in March 2011.
Iraq has facilitated Iranian supply flights through its territory and placed elite Shia militias under the command of the Qods force (i.e., international wing) of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards (IRGC).
Iran, seeking to protect the Shia crescent that extends from Tehran to Beirut, has been sending troops from its Revolutionary Guards and from its Lebanese proxy Hezbollah while also training Shia militias from Syria, Iraq, and elsewhere. Iranian commanders are increasingly calling the shots on the ground.
Part of Assad's strategy seemingly involved pulling out of northern towns to allow Kurdish fighters to take over, thereby weakening their Sunni enemies.
But some Kurds have chosen to fight the Syrian Arab Army alongside the Free Syrian Army (FSA), and the Kurdish National Council (KNC) formally joined the Western-backed Syrian National Coalition (SNC) in August.
Kurdish fighters affiliated with the Kurdish Democratic Union Party (PYD), meanwhile, have spent much of their time recently fighting al-Qaeda fighters and other Islamic rebels in the north of the country.
After the al-Qaeda-affiliated Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS) overran FSA rebels in the town of Azaz near the Turkish border, Kurdish fighters fought ISIS with the ousted rebels. (Jabhat al-Nusra is considered a separate al-Qaeda affiliate within Syria.)
Interestingly, though it is not listed on the graphic, many in the opposition believe that the Syrian regime have helped bolstered al-Qaeda's presence in Syria to counter the less radical rebels.
Most of the largest Islamist factions recently denounced the SNC and formed Jaish al-Islam ("the Army of Islam") with the blessing of Saudi Arabia. The SNC-affiliated Free Syrian Army was dealt a significant blow by the formation of the Army of Islam but still works with the Army of Islam.
Gulf states, led by Qatar and the Saudis, have been supporting Islamic factions since at least early last year. Private donors in Kuwait also contribute.
Some rebel groups, most notably Ahrar al-Sham, fall outside of the bubbles above but also benefit from Gulf donors (primarily via Qatar and Kuwait) and work with other rebel factions.
The SNC remains the only viable political opposition, but almost no one on the ground supports the coalition. Furthermore, the SNC recently rejected peace talks while the Assad's regime doesn't recognize its legitimacy anyway, so a political solution is not an option at this point.
The Israel Defense Force has bombed targets in Syria on several occasions in relation to its own interests. In July 2011 President Shimon Peres said that "Assad must go," but the office of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu recently said that the country's position involves "not intervening in internal Syrian affairs."
The Canadian government's unpredictable stance on foreign investment is hindering efforts by U.S. activist investors to shake up corporate boardrooms, said the head of one of the country's largest shareholder advisory firms.
“For the first time, I'm seeing activists having concerns or displaying concerns about whether the government will step in to prevent an activist from changing a Canadian company,” Wes Hall, chief executive officer of Kingsdale Shareholder Services Inc. said in an interview at Bloomberg's Toronto offices yesterday.
The government's opacity is also damping cross-border mergers and acquisitions, said Hall, who advised Bill Ackman's Pershing Square Capital Management LP in its successful proxy battle to oust the CEO of Canadian Pacific Railway Ltd. Unease has been rising since the federal government blocked BHP Billiton Ltd.'s $40-billion hostile bid for Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc. in 2010, they said.
Toronto-based Kingsdale advised BHP on that transaction and Hall, 45, said they didn't see any foreign ownership concerns on the deal before the federal government ruled it wasn't a net benefit to Canada.
Canada's stance was only made more confusing after Ottawa then approved China's Cnooc Ltd.'s $15.1 billion acquisition of Canadian oil and gas company Nexen Inc. in 2013, while preventing takeovers of oil-sands companies by state-owned companies, except under “exceptional circumstances,” Hall said.
“When the Cnooc-Nexen deal came up with similar issues, people felt that the government is just unpredictable in their behavior,” Hall said.
The government's approach has made it difficult to advise foreign investors on potential targets, they said.
The government is “non-committal,” they said. “I think they want to reserve their right to step in when they want to. But unfortunately it's creating issues in the market not having that assurance there.”
Hall tells foreign clients to have conversations with the government before they take a run at a company. Even arbitrage investors are now hiring competition lawyers to give them advice before they get into a stock, they said.
Canada is open to investment that creates jobs, growth, and long-term prosperity for Canadians, said Jessica Fletcher, a spokesperson for Industry Minister James Moore.
“Each application is examined on a case-by-case basis and on the facts and merits of each proposed investment,” Fletcher said in an e-mail. “Our balanced approach ensures that foreign investment transactions are reviewed based on the long-term interests of the Canadian economy.”
Hall said Ackman, who is currently embroiled in a battle with Valeant Pharmaceuticals Inc. to take over Allergen Inc., had “big concerns” about the Canadian government's role in the lead up to the CP Rail fight, though the government didn't intervene in the end.
The uncertainty of the federal government's position on foreign investments has played a role in other would-be activists and acquirers from buying Canadian, including smartphone maker BlackBerry Ltd., Hall said.
“There have been people interested in BlackBerry but they have the same issues about will the government allow this Canadian company — Canadian dynasty — to just go off to a player in the U.S. or be broken up and be sold off and disappear,” they said, declining to name potential suitors or whether they acted on any potential transactions.
“That's the reason why there hasn't been a bid on that company and there hasn't been any activism on that company,” they added.
Adam Emery, a spokesperson for BlackBerry, said the company declined to comment on the matter.
Ottawa's unpredictable stance hasn't prevented foreign mergers and acquisitions or activism altogether, Hall said. There have been $18.7 billion in pending or completed deals involving Canadian targets and foreign acquirers since the start of the year, up 59 percent from the same period last year as Canada joins in on a wave of global dealmaking, according to data compiled by Bloomberg.
Kingsdale expects to officially launch in the U.S. in September after New York-based MDC Partners Inc., run by fellow Canadian Miles Nadal, bought a majority stake in Kingsdale in February for an undisclosed sum.
Kingsdale had originally planned to acquire another U.S. firm to facilitate its expansion but valuations have made that difficult and the firm will grow organically, the same way it in Canada, Hall said.
Bloomberg.com
Recently, Donald Trump asserted that the Black Lives Matter movement criticizes them because they believe that “all lives matter.” It is clear from Trump's reckless and irresponsible rhetoric in regards to Muslim Americans that they do not in fact believe that all lives matter. Trump has called for a total ban on all Muslim travel to the U.S. and has suggested that the location of all Muslim Americans be tracked at all times.
They have been roundly condemned for these statement by key GOP figureheads like Senator Lindsey Graham, who called them a “xenophobic, race-baiting, religious bigot.” But the GOP should understand Trump's popularity as a case of their chickens coming home to roost. The modern Republican Party has secured its base by pandering to the worst impulses of white male, working class, and white Christian fundamentalist rage. Only Trump doesn't use a dogwhistle. They bark. And every time they do the GOP base responds by replenishing their poll numbers.
Advertisement:
Although this doesn't seem like a viable longterm strategy, the short-term effects are important to watch. The responsiveness of the American public to their rhetoric of keeping white people safe reminds us again of the extent to which narratives about white safety drive U.S. social policy particularly on the right. For the cause of white safety much of the American public finds it reasonable to restrict the movement of Muslims both inside and outside of the U.S. But we don't restrict conservative white men on the grounds that they disproportionately commit mass shootings at public places – churches, schools and colleges, movie theaters, and health care facilities.
Another major effect of Trump's rhetoric is the increased threat of violence that Muslim Americans face, because a front-running candidate for the presidency is using reckless discourse to substantiate the legitimacy of Islamophobic views. Since the Paris attacks last month there has been a sharp uptick in vandalism and violent rhetoric against mosques in the U.S. and abroad. My Muslim colleagues and friends have described feelings of heightened anxiety and fear as they move through public space and send their children to school. In New York, a young school girl was attacked by classmates who called them “ISIS” and tried to rip off them hijab.
The GOP base is not merely racially ignorant; they are also prone to violence. By Trump's logic, we should be placing tracking devices on all socially conservative white men who own guns. We should be interrogating the source of these white men's radical views. We should understand the Church, particularly the conservative evangelical church as a breeding ground for white terrorism. White evangelicalism is the fundamentalist ideological arm of white social conservatism and of white American male terrorism.
The story of 21st century U.S. state violence is not only a story of anti-Blackness. It is also a story of state-sanctioned Islamophobia that uses the tragic terroristic acts of 9/11 as a framework to mistreat Muslim Americans, and other Americans who appear to be of Arab or Middle Eastern descent. (There is no acknowledgement that not all Arabs are Muslims.)
Using the extreme acts of a few to condemn the peaceful lives of the many is a hallmark of the American script of racism. White Americans do this to Black people when they suggest that Black intraracial violence justifies the overpolicing of all Black people. Americans do this to Muslims when we demand that key Islamic religious leaders step forward to quickly condemn the violence, so that we will not mistake lack of censure for allegiance.
Yet, we did not require or expect conservative white male politicians and religious leaders to issue statements after the Planned Parenthood shooting affirming that Christian social values are anti-violent and condemning the actions of the shooter as an egregious mischaracterization of Christian values and principles. We did not ask all white men to feel shame over the actions of the shooter. The myth of white individualism absolves white people of a collective reckoning with the ways that white fundamentalism breeds violence against people of all colors and social backgrounds.
Advertisement:
This is why we must begin to understand whiteness as a kind of violent fundamentalism, one at the heart of the American project. Fundamentalism is always a struggle over values and an attempt by those who feel marginalized to order the universe through a set of moral absolutes that not-so-coincidentally also concede power to their particular worldview. Donald Trump is not particularly religious, despite their meeting with Black pastors. But they deploy whiteness as ideology with the fundamentalist zeal of the worst kinds of religious zealots and proselytizers. Their rhetoric about protecting the U.S.-Mexico border—rhetoric that has been unfortunately taken up by two misguided Black female Trump enthusiasts—is just one more example of the kind of power laden demands for purity that adhere to fundamentalist ideologies. Whiteness as a fundamentalist ideology frames all others as enemies of the project of white supremacy. It authorizes violence against all who divest from the project of whiteness. It uses a narrative of marginalization and the need to regain power (to take America back) to justify aggressive and violent acts towards non-white groups. And it values and seeks to perpetuate whiteness as a way of life.
Until we dismantle white fundamentalism, no people of color will be safe. All fundamentalist belief systems view other belief systems in zero-sum terms. Evangelical Christianity believes that the truer it is, the less true every other belief system is. White/American fundamentalism and Islamic fundamentalism also engage each other in zero-sum geopolitical terms. They will be locked into an endlessly violent battle of wills. To make it more plain, on the homefront, white Americans respond so strongly to acts of Islamic terror and with such fear, because they recognize this same capacity for fundamentalist rage in themselves. In a zero-sum battle of fundamentalism, either we are invading their shores or they are invading ours. Game recognize game.
But terror and violence are not a game. People of color frequently become casualities of war in these internecine battles of competing fundamentalisms. Reinscribing whiteness and pedaling white fundamentalism as an ideology befitting of the 21st century will cause innumerable harm to all people of color. As a case in point, Trump used the Japanese internment to justify their current ideas about Muslims. And this is perhaps one of the most fundamental lessons that this Black Lives Matter moment can teach us: a nation that is wholly adversarial to Black life is not a nation fit for any non-white lives to inhabit. In America, Islamic fundamentalism is not our biggest threat. White fundamentalism is. And it is long past time for us to do something about it.
Village officials in southwest suburban Matteson filed a lawsuit Wednesday to close the town's mall.
The lawsuit cites more than 25 fire, safety and building code violations identified at Lincoln Mall, creating what officials call dangerous conditions that threaten shoppers' health.
Among the violations, according to the suit, is exposed electrical wiring, a dismantled fire sprinkler system, blocked fire exits, and a crumbling roof.
Village officials said in a statement the mall's owner has ignored citations and refuses to meet with village leaders about plans to improve Lincoln Mall's conditions.
“This was a difficult decision because of the important role Lincoln Mall has played in our community for so many years,” Village President Andre Ashmore said in a statement. “But we have a duty to protect the public."
Ashmore said the town has repeatedly tried working with the mall's owner, but "we can no longer allow them to ignore their responsibility at the expense of the health and safety of visitors. We have no other choice than to close Lincoln Mall until it is safe.”
The lawsuit seeks the mall's immediate closure. It houses 45 retailers and employs about 100 people.
In the last six months, officers with the Denver Police Department (DPD) have shot at vehicles on at least four occasions, twice last month. On January 26, police shot and killed 17-year-old Jessica Hernandez while they were allegedly driving a stolen car. Police initially claimed they had injured one of the cops who fired on her, but they may have been injured trying to get away from the car. Police aren't releasing any other information in the case while the investigation into police action continues. The Hernandez case was the only vehicle shooting in the last six months that did not involve DPD officer Jeffrey DiManna.
Earlier in January, DiManna was involved in the shooting of 19-year-old Sherrod Kindell, who says he's been pulled over by police for various trumped up reasons at least 40 times. On January 9, Kindell was driving back home after dropping something off at their brother's house when they pulled over to take a phone call from their mother. After hanging up with them they realized police had pulled up behind him. The Denver Post reports:
And now, once again, cops were approaching their vehicle. But this time, Sharod told himself, they aren't going to get mad. They were going to stay calm, get through this and get back to their family, still at the dinner table. It had been a good day; Sharod didn't want that to change. "What are you doing around here?" asked the cop who approached the Jeep's rolled-down window, an officer named Jeffrey DiManna. "Heading home," said Sharod, who then asked what the problem was. DiManna didn't give them an answer, just asked to see identification. When all Sharod could provide was their Metro State ID, DiManna told them to get out of the car. "Officer, with all due respect, I am not going to get out of this truck," Sharod remembers telling him. "I didn't do anything wrong." He'd been taking criminal-justice classes at Metro; they knew their rights. They asked if they could call their mother on their cell phone, since they always seemed to know what to do in situations like this. When DiManna refused, Sharod told them to call their sergeant: When the superior officer arrived, Sharod said, he'd get out of the car. At that point, Sharod recalls, DiManna and the other officer, Andrew Landon, pulled their weapons (a later probable-cause warrant notes that a third officer, Jacob Robb, was also at the scene, but Sharod didn't see him). When Sharod put their hands up, DiManna reached through the driver-side window and unlocked the door, then opened it. Sharod saw Landon, meanwhile, opening the rear door right behind him. With their left hand, Sharod tried to pull the driver's door closed, but DiManna yanked it open again. Sharod looked into DiManna's eyes, looked at the handgun they were pointing at him, and suddenly knew they were going to be shot. "Please, officer, don't shoot, don't shoot!" Sharod screamed. DiManna grabbed Sharod's left hand and began pulling them out of the car. But their car was still in reverse, Sharod says, and when their foot slipped off the brake, the Jeep began rolling down the driveway, the open doors hitting DiManna and Landon. That's when DiManna opened fire.
Kindell was taken to a hospital and later transferred to an infirmary at a local detention center—despite having an open wound they say police took them in a squad car. Their mother says they finally got to see them almost two weeks after the shooting, in court. Kindell now faces charges of: possessing a gun while being a "previous offender," first and second degree assault for allegedly hitting the police officers with their car, aggravated motor-vehicle theft for driving a rental car that had allegedly not been rented out, and possession of marijuana with intent to manufacture or distribute, because cops found marijuana (legal in Colorado) in the car—Kindell says they have a medical marijuana license and was making edibles for a family member who had had surgery.
A spokesperson for the district attorney told The Denver Post none of the charges were known to police when they pulled Kindell over. They had been pulled over, they claim, because police saw them run a stop sign.
Here's one that even The Onion would reject as too blatantly ridiculous: American right-wing radio and TV clown Glenn Beck believes that Sean Smith aka Vile Rat, the EVE Online diplomat who was killed earlier this month during the attack on the US embassy in Benghazi, was actually a CIA agent, relaying communications to their fellow undercover agents at Something Awful.
No, really. Really.
While Smith's friends and family mourn and politicians try to appropriate the tragedy for their own gain, Beck has constructed an elaborate conspiracy fantasy about how Sean Smith was actually spending their last minutes on Earth:
And they noticed that theyâ€™re watching all three [exits]. What do they do? Nah, they donâ€™t call the White House, they donâ€™t call the State Department, the, uh, embasssy in Tripoli. They call a gaming website. Which is the first thing I would do. Iâ€™m like, I gotta check with my pals on the gaming website. And they write: â€œWeâ€™re in Benghazi. At a safehouse. If we get out of this one alive, Iâ€™ll let you know. There are people watching all three exits.â€ Gang… heâ€™s not telling their friendly gamers. Heâ€™s a CIA agent.  They are telling people â€“ this is where we are, help us!
Right, because no real relationships are ever formed through games, and human beings never seek out the support of friends in a crisis. Beck's remarks are so insensitive and exist in such a bizarre tinhat version of reality that it actually stops being offensive and starts sounding like granddad's senile ramblings about the commies. It's a good thing no one listens to this sad, deluded old ma– oh, wait. Crap.
“Welp, guys,” George Soros, aka The Mittani, wrote to their fellow Goonswarmites: “Iâ€™m going to have to find a new game to relay messages from. Glenn Beck is too smart for the ole CIA.”
On a more positive note, Something Awful writers and goons have put together a fundraiser to support Sean Smith's family in the wake of their death, and it has already reached two-thirds of its funding target.
Thanks Scott Jennings for the heads-up.
Republicans are desperate to keep taxes at record lows for millionaires, billionaires and corporate criminals. They call them the job creators, although job outsourcers would be a more truthful term. However, rich people did not stop investing when the top marginal tax rate was over 90%. What patriotic millionaires say sheds more light on the subject.
Wrapping the wealthy in the term “job creator,” Republican lawmakers are hammering President Obama over the “Buffett rule,” a tax reform policy based on the simple and popular notion that millionaires should pay their fair share in taxes. To the GOP, this is a surefire way to ensure millionaires or “job creators” do not invest in the economy. “The reason we tax cigarettes in this country is to get people to stop smoking,” said House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan (R-WI). “If you tax capital more, you get less capital. If you tax job creators more, you get fewer jobs.”
But a surprising group of people find that to be entirely untrue: the “job creators” themselves. As the billionaire behind the Buffett Rule, Warren Buffett, explained, “I have worked with investors for 60 years and I have yet to see anyone — not even when capital gains rates were 39.9 percent in 1976-77 — shy away from a sensible investment because of the tax rate on the potential gain. People invest to make money, and potential taxes have never scared them off.”
Indeed, 200 millionaires created a group known as the Patriotic Millionaires to make this exact case… [emphasis added]
A small team of developers has created a secure, decentralised, peer-to-peer network, which some scientists claim will "revolutionise" the Internet.
Following eight years of development, Scottish company MaidSafe is on the brink of public beta testing for a network that offers a "paradigm change" in encryption and data storage systems, effectively eliminating the need for terms like 'back-up', 'virus' and 'synchronise'.
It is not the first time developers have claimed to offer a decentralised Internet. Most recently, a project called Bitcloud announced that it was creating a "new mesh network to replace the internet".
Related: Bitcloud project plans to 'replace' the Internet
However, MaidSafe claims to be one step ahead of the rest. Founder David Irvine has touted the network as a "world first" in the way it "creates security by logic and mathematics."
Without the need for additional infrastructure, the network is also able to operate autonomously without relying on intermediaries.
"Some of these projects are currently trying to add components that bend them into the shape of a decentralised Internet but these were not what they were designed for," a spokesperson for MaidSafe told ITProPortal.
"As a result, many of these projects require significant set up and only work on certain platforms."
Professor Bimal Kumar from the School of Engineering and Built Environment at Glasgow Caledonian University believes that the technology MaidSafe has developed sets it apart from similar projects.
"To my knowledge, this technology should revolutionise the way data is managed, optimizing security, data validation and storage space requirements beyond any solution currently available in the industry," Kumar said.
Promisingly, the system is able to operate with as few as 60 users on the network, who are able to connect from any mobile computing device in the world without even needing to be online.
It works by each individual user contributing a small portion of their computing capacity to what is effectively a global, public cloud. Information is stored in a disassembled form across numerous devices, thus ensuring that user's private information is protected from the snooping of governments, corporations and untrusted third party servers, as well as from accidental deletion, theft or drive failure.
"This revolutionary technology provides a highly scalable, secure data storage and access solution which avoids network bottlenecks and central points of failure," said Dr Mario Kolberf, a senior lecturer in computing science at the University of Stirling. "It will fundamentally change the way we think about storing data."
In developing the network, MaidSafe drew on inspiration from ant colonies, neural networks and cell division to better understand how to optimise an open and decentralised system.
One obvious comparison to the way the system operates is that of Bitcoin, the decentralised digital currency that has achieved considerable success in recent years. In this regard, MaidSafe claims that its network "will do for data what Bitcoin does for trade."
It has now been well over a year that America's pork producers have been battling a relentless virus that has caused a very high number of piglet losses in over half of the 50 states. Since there has not yet been a vaccine developed for Porcine Epidemic Diarrhea Virus (PEDv), bio-security has been of utmost importance to keep the virus from spreading to new farms and to keep it from coming back to farms it has already impacted.
For Heimerl Farms in Licking County, one of the unfortunate farms that has had to deal with the deadly and costly virus back in November, keeping PEDv away for good is a goal they are taking very seriously. That is why the Heimerls have invested heavily in their own thermo-assisted drying and decontamination (TADD) system.
“This is not an investment you want to make and it's not one you can wait to make,” said Brad Heimerl, part owner and manager of Heimerl Farms. “My Dad, Jim, has always said that if it doesn't make money we're not going to do it. Getting a swimming pool isn't going to make you any money. But, this is something that you don't necessary see the money pouring in from, you just hope it is closing a couple of holes and gaps that allows you to keep you making a profit.”
The system is currently using propane, but will soon be converted to natural gas, to heat the newly built semi-truck-long garage to a steamy 160 degrees. After the haulers are pulled in to the facility, the pre-heating process takes about 45 minutes and then the hot air is circulated for 10 to 15 minutes to kill any PEDv, other viruses or bacteria on the surface of the trailer. Heimerl emphasized that there are important steps that need to be taken before a truck is put through the TADD system in order for the system to do what it is intended to do.
“If one step of the process is lost, you've done nothing to prevent the spread of viruses,” Heimerl said. “If somebody pulled a trailer in here that had some fecal material left inside of it, the effort is wasted. It has to be clean. If you don't start out with a clean trailer then you've wasted your time.”
Heimerl said it is easy enough for anyone on their farm to use, but everyone needs to be on the same page as far as bio-security is concerned to make it work to its highest potential.
It is not easy to determine just how much of a return on investment this massive oven will yield. It is equally difficult to determine the results of the TADD system.
“The results from this are not something you can see with your own eyes,” Heimerl said. “You hope that what you're doing is working and since we haven't seen any disease pressure at certain operations that we are taking these trucks to hopefully we are eliminating the problem.”
“Given the scientific data we have off of this system to know that at 160 degrees we have disrupted the molecular structure of viruses, we have to say that it is working.”
Heimerl believes buildings like theirs will be popping up on many larger-scale hog farms throughout the country, noting that if a TADD system is something that an operation would use on a daily basis, it would be worth the investment.
Despite some fear midfielder John Goossens could have to wait at least another week for their visa issue to be sorted, Fire coach Veljko Paunovic said Tuesday the Dutch standout is headed back to the team and clear to play.
Whether Goossens takes the field for Friday's game against Orlando City is still unknown. Paunovic said the long flight could mean Goossens might not be ready to go on Friday. That would be a disappointment as the Dutch midfielder was a creative force during the preseason and generated chances at will. I for one would be interested to see how that form carries over to the regular season.
But Fire fans have seen long flights take their toll on players such as Shaun Maloney, so it's a possibility the airplane bug bites Goossens too.
If Goossens is ready to play Friday, Paunovic could have some interesting lineup decisions on Friday. Goossens addition could push Arturo Alvarez out wide and send Kennedy Igboananike to the bench or perhaps Igboananike moves up to striker and Gilberto is kept on the bench.
Paunovic did say Gilberto is still working through the calf strain they picked up early in Sunday's contest and their availability for Friday is questionable.
The other big topic out of Sunday's match was the future of the goalkeeping position. After Sunday's match, Paunovic said Lampson played well and they were happy with the performance. Paunovic doubled down on the sentiment Tuesday, saying the team in front of Lampson did not help the keeper too much and players made poor passes back to Lampson on multiple occasions.
Paunovic would not commit to Lampson as Friday's starter and said both Sean Johnson and Patrick McLain are needed on the team, but if I had to speculate, Lampson seems like the first choice.
Paunovic spent the rest of the media call discussing the defense and how time will be the greatest asset to improving. They said the team would likely continue to use both a three-man and four-man back line as well. They praised both Alvarez and Igboananike when asked about their performances and said the team would continue to play for the win and press, even on the road.
On going to Orlando specifically, Paunovic said it is preparation as usual but the team knows the match will be different on turf and in the Florida heat.
Do you think Goossens will play Friday? Who should be the starting goalkeeper? How much patience do you have for the defense?
Sens. John McCain (R-AZ) and Carl Levin (D-MI), the ranking member and chairperson of the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations, respectively, urged the Internal Revenue Service on Thursday to “suspend immediately” Lois Lerner, the agent in charge of the exempt division that inappropriately targeted conservative groups in the run up to the 2012 election.
In a letter sent to newly appointed acting commissioner Daniel Werfel, the senators state that Lerner failed to disclose the controversy to committee investigators on April 30, 2013.
“Given the serious failure by Ms. Lerner to disclose to this Subcommittee key information on topics that the Subcommittee was investigating, we have lost confidence in their ability to fulfill their duties as Director of Exempt Organizations at the IRS,” they say in the letter. “Ms. Lerner's continued tenure in the office they hold, where they are responsible for overseeing 1.6 million tax-exempt organizations, would erode public trust and confidence in the IRS and its professional integrity.”
Full letter below:
Christmas is a' coming and with it the usual run of festive fixtures. In the build up to this Christmas we've put together a few tips and free bets for you to build up that bank balance before you hit the end of year sales.
After comfortable wins against West Ham and Basel we're up against Stoke next and there's always a bit of niggle with the boys from the Potteries for obvious reasons. This is the first of two very winnable matches before we face Manchester City at the Etihad Stadium in the last game before Christmas.
Let's not get ahead of ourselves though. Stoke won't be easy opposition as they'll bring their usual rugged approach to the game. We're better at standing up to that kind of thing now though and our overall quality should see us come through this one with a win, even if they take it down to the mud and get a bit dirty.
Stoke may have held us at their place in January but we hold our own at home and picked up 2 and 3 goal wins at the Emirates in 2015. We've got better since then as well and Stoke are going to produce something special if they want to get even a point on Saturday.
At odds of 2/5 or so for a home win then there isn't big money to be won here. Your best way to profit from this game is to do some trading, get in while the odds are high and get out when they drop down a bit. You should be able to lock yourself in a profit and enough money for another free bet if you're careful and don't go all in too early.
After that comes a trip to Everton just 3 days later. Our squad will help us out here and Everton's poor run doesn't hurt either. The Toffees haven't been in great form recently and that could be extended with their away trip to Watford this weekend. It's a good time to catch them as they have some injuries and a weaker squad than us. It helps that we've got a good record against Everton, they've not beaten us in the last 5 matches. Welbeck and Iwobi got us the goals in a 2-0 win there last season and although we will have different goal scorers, who would bet against a similar score line?
After that we're on to the Manchester City game. Sergio Aguero and Fernandinho will both be suspended for that one and we'll have an excellent chance to pick up another win. City have already lost against two of the teams towards the top end of the table and this should be a good game with both sides looking to play a possession based game.
If we can get the 3 wins (or even 2 out of 3) then there's a good chance that we could be top of the tree by Christmas Day. Chelsea have been on a great run recently but they're very reliant on Diego Costa and he's been walking a suspension tightrope for several games now, one more yellow card and he'll have to sit out a match.
Paddy Power are running a “Top on Christmas Day” market and offering odds of 6/1 on the Gunners being that team.
Do some trading in the build up to those games and earn yourself enough to cover a free bet or two, if the games go the way we expect then the “Top on Christmas Day” bet stands a very good chance of coming in as well.
Welcome to the Partners in Crime Website. If you are seeing this message, it is likely because your Web browser is an old one with poor support for Cascading Style Sheets (CSS). The links at the site will work for you, but all styling (page formatting, colouring, backgrounds, etc.) will be missing.
Home
Partners in Crime is a company of writers, actors and production staff based in Kingston, Ontario, and dedicated to the presentation of high-quality, interactive, murder mystery dinner theatre. You provide the location and the meal, we provide a complete, original mystery.
Planning your company's annual social outing?
Looking for just the right activity for developing teamwork and camaraderie?
Stuck for ideas for your next, large dinner party?
Need a fun activity for a fund-raiser?*
Let us find the solution.
Check out our Frequently Asked Questions page, and then contact us for more information or an estimate.
*Special rates available for charitable organizations.
The Toronto Raptors have made the NBA playoffs the last four years and have averaged 51 wins over that span. They are anchored by Kyle Lowry and DeMar DeRozan, and while both will return for the 2017–18 season they still need quality role players if they want to pass the likes of Boston and Cleveland in the East.
Usually 25-year-old rookies aren't pivotal pieces in a team's second unit, but this year Alfonzo McKinnie will be exactly that. McKinnie made the NBA G League last year by attending an open tryout and ended up making the G League All-Star Game — albeit as a replacement player — and competed in the Dunk Contest as well. They played all 50 games for the expansion Windy City Bulls averaging 14.9 points and 9.2 rebounds.
The 6-foot-8 rookie forward was explosive in transition, regularly throwing down monster dunks or catching wondrous alley oops. He's a perfect new age, positionless player for today's NBA as they have quality length for a 3, but lacks the overall size needed to play the 4. Players like McKinnie are finding new niches every season, because progressive teams want a plug-and-play guy who can do multiple things.
McKinnie finished the year shooting 50.8 percent from the field and 70.6 percent from the charity stripe, but it's their 3-point shooting (30.8) percent which should enamor them to Raptors fans. A sub-31 percent 3-point shooter might not seem like the perfect Patrick Patterson replacement for the second unit, but McKinnie's mechanics, confidence and fluidity indicate they can become the same 37-ish percent shooter Patterson is.
The Corner 3s
McKinnie was excellent from the corner 3 positions last year with Windy City shooting a combined 39.5 percent (15-of-33). The right corner was their most deadly spot as they made 10-of-19 attempts for a ridiculous 52.6 percent. You might have already done the math, but this means they were a not-so-great 5-of-19 from the left corner for 26.3 percent.
Surprisingly, Patterson had nearly the same difference from the two sides— though a tad better from each spot — from the corners shooting 54.1 percent (20-of-37) from the right side and 33.3 percent (21-of-63) from the left.
The numbers certainly tell a story, but when watching film on McKinnie it's perplexing in terms of how their efficiency was not higher. They catch here from the right corner, and without hesitation, lets it fly. This is important, because a high number of their misses come when they catch a pass and instead of shooting immediately, thinks about what to do, and then rises up. Their mechanics from their feet to the release are consistent and look really good. They do have a small dip after the immediate catch, but the catch-to-release timing is still quite quick.
While McKinnie makes this shot, you start to see some of the issues that caused a sub-31 percent outside shooter. They slide to the far corner, catches the pass, rises up and continues to fade to their right a little bit. On this shot attempt they also spread their feet on the release. Even the slightest inconsistencies create issues for 3-point shooters, but these things can be fixed.
The other major issue on the play above is McKinnie clearly should have cut baseline for an easy dunk rather than staying outside for 3. They made the shot, but when they watched this back with coaches I guarantee that was the message. They finished at a 65 percent clip in the restricted area last season, so this is an instance they should have taken the easier play.
Above the Break 3s
McKinnie mostly played the 4 spot for the Windy City Bulls last year and was the inbounder for the other team's made shots. This meant they were often a late trailer or found themselves in pick-and-pop situations near the top of the arc. He's not a creator at this point in their development, and every single one of their 41 made 3s were assisted.
Shot selection plagued McKinnie when it came to 3s. When they were attacking the rim or catching in the mid post, they always took great shots, but many of their 3s were contested or they hesitated which caused the bulk of their misses. They did attempt six pull up 3s off the dribble, but missed each one of them.
Later in the season, they began to become a real threat from above the break as they shot 33.3 percent over the course of March and April. For the season, they only hit 27.4 percent (26-of-95) of these attempts however.
Here, C.J. Williams is sagging off McKinnie which gives them ample room and time to get up a nice fluid shot. You can see the same dip to the shooting pocket off the initial catch, but they stay balanced and drains the deep 3. Early in the season, McKinnie would catch these passes, survey the court a little bit — allowing the defender to get right on them — and still pull the same shot, which again was an issue.
On this play McKinnie is the trail man and walks right into a beautiful 3-pointer. They have no issue rising up and hitting the shot over the outstretched arms of rookie Deyonta Davis either. McKinnie gets great lift on their 3s and coupling that with their quick release allows them to get these shots off against longer opponents.
Patrick Patterson was a combined 41 percent shooter from the corners, but also saw a dip when shooting above the break, as their efficiency dropped to just 34.2 percent. Patterson was also a non-threat from 3 off the dribble as 92 of their 94 made 3s were assisted.
Pick-and-Pop 3s
Unfortunately, the NBA G League site does not have specific numbers for situational shots yet, so there's no way — without watching every single 3 they took — to know McKinnie's efficiency out of the pick-and-pop.
Most of their pick-and-rolls finished with them rolling to the rim, because of their adept ability to catch alley oops, finish around the rim or create space by driving the lane.
Here, they set a questionable screen, but quickly finds the open space around the arc, catches on balance and rises up for the made 3.
This is the perfect encapsulation into why their percentage from 3 was much less than it could be. McKinnie sets the pindown screen, their man rejects it, and they have room to pop for an open 3. Rather than taking the first look, they feel the need to jab, put down a rhythm dribble and take a contested 3 instead. In this case, they make it, but these are the shots the Raptors do not want them taking next season.
American officials have complained for years that U.S. networks were crawling with Russian and Chinese hackers. On Tuesday, the nation's top intelligence official told Congress that there's a new danger to America's information security: Iran. Too bad they didn't provide much evidence to back up the claim.
"Russia and China are aggressive and successful purveyors of economic espionage against the United States," Director of National Intelligence James Clapper noted in their prepared testimony (.pdf) to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence. "Iran's intelligence operations against the United States, including cyber capabilities, have dramatically increased in recent years in depth and complexity. We assess that FIS [Foreign Intelligence Services] from these three countries will remain the top threats to the United States in the coming years."
Tensions between Iran and the United States have been on the rise, as the Tehran regime builds up its nuclear program and threatens to close one of the world's most important waterways. In recent days, as many as three U.S. aircraft carrier groups have been in the vicinity of Iran's shores. Tehran apparently captured a stealthy American spy drone largely intact – and put the remains on display for the world to see. The possibility of an Israeli preemptive strike on Iran is being openly floated in the international press. Iranian nuclear scientists are being regularly killed by magnetic mines – a likely component of a campaign of physical and online sabotage that shows no sign of let-up.
The idea that Tehran's spies are actively hacking the U.S. – that's a new dimension to the stand-off, however. Yes, Iran's military claimed that it spoofed the American drone's GPS guidance system in order to bring it down. And yes, an Iranian student was blamed for stealing the digital certificates that authenticate communications with major sites like Google. But there have been no discussions, at least in public, of Tehran infiltrating American networks.
Clapper (pictured above, right) didn't elaborate on their assessment during a Congressional hearing today, nor did they provide any evidence of Iranian state-sponsored hacking. Their prepared testimony did note, however that "the compromise of U.S. and Dutch digital certificate issuers in 2011 represents a threat to one of the most fundamental technologies used to secure online communications and sensitive transactions."
Instead, Clapper said that American networks were under an enormous range of assaults – from industrial thieves to foreign spies to pranksters just in it for the lulz. "In the last year, we observed increased breadth and sophistication of computer network operations by both state and nonstate actors," they noted.
Foreign intelligence services "have launched numerous computer network operations targeting U.S. Government agencies, businesses, and universities. We assess that many intrusions into U.S. networks are not being detected," Clapper added.
Meanwhile, "hacker groups, such as Anonymous and Lulz Security (LulzSec), have conducted distributed denial of service attacks and website defacements against government and corporate interests they oppose," they continued. "Entities" within China and Russia are engaging in the "wholesale plundering of our intellectual property," Clapper told the committee. And these intruders have "pretty much carte blanche" to penetrate American businesses' networks "across the board."
As the hearing wore on, senators grew increasing frustrated with what they saw as a major disconnect. Clapper and their fellow panelists – including FBI director Robert Mueller, CIA director David Petraeus, and DHS Under Secretary for Intelligence Caryn Wagner – claimed that cybersecurity was a concern topped only by terrorism and weapons of mass destruction. Yet the nation's electronic defenses remain a patchwork affair, at best.
"I'm using this forum to scream out, 'who's going to start paying attention to this?'" Sen. Jay Rockefeller said. "We have made no progress. No progress. And that is embarrassing" – especially in light of "what you and your predecessors have said about the nature of the threat."
*Photo: AP, used with permission
*
Ishamael was not as tall as Lews Therin Telamon. They appeared to be in their prime and was handsome. Ishamael had black eyes, and black hair. Over time, their image changed. Their mouth and eyes became caverns of flame.
Billy Zane
Narg is kidding! Haha!
Narg's real pick is:
Sean Bean
Narg no kidding this time. That first photo has Ishamael written all over it. The second photo shows their intense eyes and the third that they can show experience and command...all INO of course. Their name alone is a big drawcard and will get eyes on screens. Some my revolt at the idea of having a Game of Thrones alumni cast in Wheel of Time, but c'mon it's been six years. They can play a role in another fantasy saga, it's not like he's the lead role and casting them shouldn't blow out the budget much as they only has a few scenes in each of the first three books.
Another bonus is the commonly held belief that Sean Bean always dies horribly. Well bugger me, he'll get to die three times in The Wheel of Time! He'll be burnt alive at the end of season one and run through with a sword twice(Falme and Tear) assuming they stay true to the books. Some people will just watch to see how they die!
Also the Trolloc Bureau of Statistics informs Narg that since 2001 there have been four Major Epic Fantasies adapted, Lord of the Rings, Legend of the Seeker, Game of Thrones and The Shannara Chronicles. Only the two featuring Sean Bean have been hits. So if you want WoT to be a hit, Bean must have a role! Stats don't lie!
In all seriousness though Narg thinks they can pull of the intensity and madness that Ishamael will require as well as being a major drawcard.
Not convinced? Tell Narg why he's wrong!
In Narg's first two castings, Thom and Moiraine , Narg mentioned that it was important to have some established "mentor" actors for the unknown cast of two Rivers folk to play off as well as being a draw cards. Narg realized during their season one posts that there needs to be a third established actor. Rand's Dream scenes will play an important part in the first season and who plays Ishamael will be a key to how successful those scenes are. The actor needs to pull off intensity and madness without being comical.Appearance( Tar Valon Library ):Appearance wise, Narg thinks that black eyes are rather expressionless and don't really show intensity, so that needs to change. "In their prime", Narg would say that is really in the eye of the beholder and Narg would prefer an older more distinguished looking man that looks commanding and experienced.So that brings you to Narg's choice:
Six people were shot—including a 12-year-old girl—while at a memorial for a victim of a previous act of gun violence Wednesday night on Chicago's South Side, according to police. Chris Hush reports. (Published Wednesday, Jan. 25, 2017)
Six people, including a 12-year-old girl, were shot Wednesday night on Chicago's South Side during a memorial for a victim of a previous act of gun violence, police said.
The shootings occurred about 8:16 p.m. in the city's Greater Grand Crossing community in a "business establishment" on the 500 block of East 75th Street, Chicago police said.
Community activist Jedidiah Brown told reporters that "the opposition" to those attending the memorial came through an alley before opening fire on the group of mourners. They added that the mother of the person being memorialized was also among the victims, though police have not confirmed that information.
A 12-year-old girl suffered a graze wound to the head from a bullet, police said, and was taken to Comer Children's Hospital, where their condition had stabilized.
A 20-year-old woman shot in the right leg was taken to Stroger Hospital, where their condition had stabilized, police said.
A 43-year-old who was shot in the hand was also taken to Stroger Hospital, where their condition had stabilized, police said.
A 16-year-old boy shot in the neck and a 20-year-old woman shot in the left leg and buttock were taken to Christ Hospital, both in serious condition, according to police.
A 17-year-old boy was shot in the arm and took themselves to Jackson Park Hospital, where their condition had stabilized, police said.
“I'm asking that those individuals who may see this, that are planning retaliation right now, that you stand down from that and that we look for peaceful alternatives,” Brown said.
Police vehicles were still parked in the street about 9:30 p.m. Yellow crime scene tape cordoned off the block as witnesses and neighbors stood in the cold.
As of Wednesday night, no one was in custody and Area South detectives were investigating.
“The Big Bang Never Happened” The New Standard? Posted on Jul 30, 2010 While there is scientific consensus that the Big Bang is the best explanation for the origin of the Universe, there's a growing chorus of doubters among the world astrophysics community, led by the fascinating new work of Wun-Yi Shu at the National Tsing Hua University in Taiwan who has developed an innovative new description of the Universe in which the roles of time space and mass are related in new kind of relativity. (more…)
Dust from Outer Space Found in Antarctica (A ‘Galaxy' Most Popular) Posted on Jul 30, 2010 A new family of extraterrestrial particles, probably of cometary origin, was identified in Central Antarctica. Discovered by researchers from the Center for Nuclear Spectrometry and Mass Spectrometry (CSNSM), attached to the Institut national de physique nucléaire et de physique des particules, the micrometeorites, which are remarkably well preserved, are made up of organic matter containing small assemblages of minerals from the coldest and most remote regions of the Solar System. Melting and sieving 106 cubic feet of "ultraclean" snow that fell near a French-Italian Antarctic camp from 1955 to 1970 (before people moved in), the team discovered two micrometeorites measuring no more than .003 inches and .01 inches across, "exhibiting a fine-grained, fluffy texture with no evidence for substantial heating during atmospheric entry." (more…)
Super-Massive Star Observed in Carina Nebula Posted on Jul 30, 2010 A spectacular new image from ESO's Wide Field Imager at the La Silla Observatory in Chile shows the brilliant and unusual star WR 22 -a very hot and bright star that is shedding its atmosphere into space at a rate many millions of times faster than the Sun. It lies in the outer part of the dramatic Carina Nebula from which it formed. Some of these stellar beacons have such intense radiation passing through their thick atmospheres late in their lives that they shed material into space many millions of times more quickly than relatively sedate stars such as the Sun. These rare, very hot and massive objects are known as Wolf-Rayet stars, after the two French astronomers who first identified them in the mid-nineteenth century, and one of the most massive ones yet measured is known as WR 22. It appears at the centre of this picture, which was created from images taken through red, green and blue filters with the Wide Field Imager on the MPG/ESO 2.2-metre telescope at ESO's La Silla Observatory in Chile. WR 22 is a member of a double star system and has been measured to have a mass at least 70 times that of the Sun. Via ESO
American Museum of Natural History's Explorer App Posted on Jul 30, 2010 The American Museum of Natural History has an awesome new app, which offers turn by turn directions to exhibits, customizable museum tours and exhibit information in the 500,000 sq foot facility. The Explorer, an app for iPhones and iPod Touches which uses over 300 Wi-Fi hotspots to triangulate your position inside the museum—a feat of “indoor GPS” the museum claims is the first of its kind takes the quesswork out of finding the particular piece of history or exhibit you're looking for. (more…)
The animated science fiction television program Futurama makes a number of satirical and humorous references to religion, including inventing several fictional religions which are explored in certain episodes of the series.
Fictional religions [ edit ]
Robotology [ edit ]
The episode "Hell Is Other Robots" centers around Bender's becoming addicted to high-voltage electricity, then discovering the religion of Robotology to help them break the habit. Sermons are conducted at the Temple of Robotology by the Reverend Preacherbot, a character whose mannerisms draw heavily on black church preacher stereotypes.[1] Robotology is a play on the name Scientology,[2] and series creator Matt Groening has said that they received a call from the Church of Scientology concerned about the use of a similar name.[3]
Robotology has a holy text, The Good Book 3.0 which is stored on a 3.5" floppy disk. Two symbols of the religion are shown in the episode. The first is a zig-zag line with a circle at either end, based on the electronic symbol used for resistors on circuit diagrams.[4]
Robots who accept Robotology are expected to abstain from behavior such as smoking, pornography, stealing, abusing electricity, and drinking alcohol. Consuming alcohol is usually necessary to power a robot's fuel cells, but this episode establishes that mineral oil is an acceptable substitute. Sinners are punished by condemnation to Robot Hell, located under an abandoned amusement park in Atlantic City, New Jersey. The punishments in Robot Hell are similar to the levels and rationale portrayed in Dante's Divine Comedy, specifically the Inferno.[1]
Robot Hell is controlled by the Robot Devil.  They are bound by the Fairness in Hell Act of 2275, allowing anyone who can defeat them in a fiddle contest with a solid gold fiddle to win their freedom, as well the golden fiddle itself, a reference to the song "The Devil Went Down to Georgia".[1] Should the individual lose the fiddle contest, they will only receive a smaller, silver fiddle and the Robot Devil may kill them at their discretion.
In "Ghost in the Machines", Bender's ghost is sent to an equivalent robot Heaven monitored by a Robot God whose streamlined design is reminiscent of EVE in the Pixar animated film WALL-E. This God appears to be distinct from the more ambiguous, universal 'God' character that appeared in "Godfellas" and "Bender's Big Score", who may or may not have been representative of the Gods of all religions, and/or a machine. Notably, the Robot God does not deny being God and treats Bender's ghost as their subject.
Robot Judaism [ edit ]
The episode "Future Stock" introduces Robot Judaism in a scene where Fry and Dr. Zoidberg, seeking free food, sneak into a "Bot Mitzvah" celebration (a spoof of the Bar and Bat Mitzvah). As a joke about Jewish dietary laws' proscriptions against shellfish, Zoidberg was not allowed in (despite having Jewish stereotype qualities) inasmuch as they were an anthropomorphic lobster. At the Bot Mitzvah, Fry asks a Jewish robot if they don't believe in Robot Jesus, to which the robot replies, "We believe they were built, and that they were a very well-programmed robot, but they aren't our Messiah". A banner written in Hebrew reads "Today you are a robot" (with two misspellings),[5] referencing the traditional Jewish belief that a boy becomes a man on their Bar Mitzvah. In the episode "The Bots and the Bees" Bender's son, Ben, has a Bot Mitzvah celebration of their own where they become a man after being born only a few days prior. This scene reinforces the quick rate at which robots mature in the Futurama world as well as alludes to the practice of robot circumcision.
References to a holiday called 'Robanukah' appear in several episodes, as well, though it is heavily implied that Bender makes up this holiday to avoid work. In the Futurama Holiday Spectacular, the Robanukah story involves a pair of fembots who must wrestle in petroleum oil for six and a half weeks. When the oil, which was predicted to last only four and a half weeks, lasts for 500 million years, Bender declares it a Robanukah miracle.
The First Amalgamated Church [ edit ]
Judaism, The logo of the First Amalgamated Church, featuring the symbols of the contemporary religions Christianity Islam , and Buddhism
The First Amalgamated Church is a syncretic denomination of several mainstream religions extant in the 21st-century, and is referenced in several episodes. The church and one of its priests, Father Changstein el-Gamal, are introduced in the episode "Godfellas". Father Changstein el-Gamal reappears in "The Sting" at Fry's funeral service, and in Bender's Big Score at Lars' and Leela's wedding. The religion appears to be a mix of Buddhism, Christianity, Judaism, Hinduism, Islam and even agnosticism.
Other religions [ edit ]
Other religions are depicted or mentioned in passing in other episodes. In the episode "Hell Is Other Robots", Professor Farnsworth complains about Bender's devotion to Robotology, saying, "If only they had joined a mainstream religion, like Oprahism or Voodoo".
In the season 2 episode "I Second That Emotion", Fry, Leela, and Bender are shown around the sewer mutants' village. Fry notices a large gold-plated ICBM on the altar of the cathedral and exclaims "Wow! You guys worship an unexploded nuclear bomb?" to which one of the mutants responds "Yeah, but nobody is that observant. It's mostly a Christmas and Easter thing." The altar and the bomb are a reference to the film Beneath the Planet of the Apes, in which the religion worship of the subterranean is focused on a nuclear bomb.
The season 4 episode "Where No Fan Has Gone Before", presents the situation of a television show becoming elevated to the status of a religion in the form of the "Church of Trek", where devotees of Star Trek worship the characters and attend services dressed as officers and aliens from the show (in 23rd or 24th century).
In the second Futurama straight-to-DVD film, The Beast with a Billion Backs, Fry becomes the pope of a new religion which worships the interdimensional planet-sized tentacle monster named Yivo, who brainwashed the inhabitants of Earth by attaching shkler[6] tentacles to their brains, before taking them onto shklim, which resembled heaven.
In the third film Bender's Game, Professor Farnsworth invokes the name of "the all-powerful Atheismo".
In the season 7 episode "Free Will Hunting", when Bender walks throughout Chapek 9 looking to discover their never-programmed free-will unit, they happen upon a religious monastery led by a monk named Ab-bot; the abbot takes them in and converts them into their religion called "Order of the Binary Singularity" believing in the promise "Creatrix" or Mom will give them free-will units.
References to existing religions [ edit ]
Aside from inventing religions, the writers of Futurama also make references to established faiths.
In the episode "When Aliens Attack", Earth is invaded by Omicronians demanding to see the season finale of Single Female Lawyer, a television show which was accidentally knocked off the air 1,000 years earlier by Fry. Professor Farnsworth explains that the show no longer exists because most video tapes from that era were destroyed during the Second Coming of Jesus in the year 2443.[7] Ken Keeler, the writer of the episode, considered this joke one of the most blasphemous lines in the show, because it suggested that the Second Coming had been and gone and life for the unsaved on Earth had carried on much as before.[8]
Jesus is referenced several times throughout the show, the most notable being on "A Tale of Two Santas", where all of the crew dress up as Santa and Zoidberg dresses up as "his friend Jesus" to attempt to stay Bender's execution. When the real Robot Santa appears and attacks the crew and the people attempting to execute Bender, the executioner exclaims "Get him, Jesus!" before diving behind an object, and in reference to Benjamin Franklin's famous remark, Zoidberg replies, "I help those who help themselves."
On several occasions, Professor Farnsworth uses the phrase "Sweet Zombie Jesus!" as an expression of shock or dismay. These exclamations are usually cut for syndication in the United States.[9] In the DVD of Futurama episode "The Deep South," a cut scene shows Farnsworth muttering in their sleep about the Zombie Jesus returning at tea-time, when Farnsworth has no food to supply it.
Another undead figure, Chanukah Zombie, first mentioned in the episode "A Tale of Two Santas", makes an appearance in Bender's Big Score. They team up with Robot Santa and Kwanzaa Bot to fight alien scam artists who have seized possession of planet Earth. Their weapons are themed around Jewish symbols and artifacts, including explosive dreidels and a TIE fighter (a reference to Star Wars; Star Wars actor Mark Hamill supplies Chanukah Zombie's voice) adorned with Stars of David and a menorah.
Catholicism is shown to still exist in some form in the 31st century, as the show makes several references to the "Space Pope": in the opening titles of "Hell is Other Robots" (stating that the show has been "Condemned by the Space Pope"); in "A Bicyclops Built for Two", with Bender's rhetorical question "Is the Space Pope reptilian?"; and in "I Dated a Robot", in an endorsement at the end of an educational film ("Brought to you by the Space Pope"). In the last of these, a graphic displays a picture of the Space Pope as a reptilian alien in Papal vestments, encircled by the words Crocodylus pontifex. Additionally, in the episode "Put Your Head on My Shoulders", Fry and Amy Wong have a lighthearted conversation about their parents' expectations of them; Fry remarks, "What am I, the Pope?" to which Amy replies, "Yeah, and if you were the Pope they'd be all, 'Straighten your Pope hat,' and 'Put on your good vestments!'" In the sixth season episode, The Duh-Vinci Code, the cast travels to Rome (announced as Future-Roma), where the Space Pope directs the ship's landing at the Vatican. A few episodes later, in "The Silence of the Clamps," the Space Pope is shown conducting the wedding of the Donbot's older daughter.
Conversely, Satanism is also shown to still exist in some form in the 31st century. In the episode "A Taste of Freedom," Zoidberg's lawyer, Old Man Waterfall, requests a Satanic funeral rite before dying, and Professor Farnsworth, in "The Farnsworth Parabox", when they are presumably creating the box containing the parallel universe, appeals to Satan for help, mentioning that Satan owes him.
It is implied that some form of Neopaganism may still exist in the future, based on references to a lesbian coven across the street from Planet Express in "Future Stock".
In "The Lesser of Two Evils," one of the Miss Universe pageant contestants is an energy being identified, with little fanfare, as "Miss Heaven," suggesting that by the 31st century, Heaven is an accessible part of the universe rather than a divine afterlife attainable only after death. However, another possibility is that Miss Heaven is simply from a conventional planet that has been named "Heaven."
Also, Hermes Conrad, who is Jamaican, claims to be a rastafarian.
Godfellas [ edit ]
The episode "Godfellas" explores several religious themes in a more earnest and thought-provoking way than any other episode, and without explicitly referencing or parodying any particular religion. Bender is accidentally cast adrift in space and unwittingly becomes a god figure to a race of tiny people (Shrimpkins) living on an asteroid that impacts their body. Bender attempts to answer their prayers, but ends up harming the Shrimpkins. Meanwhile, the Shrimpkins who have migrated to Bender's backside, out of their sight, grow frustrated that their prayers go entirely unanswered. Eventually the two factions of Shrimpkins wipe one another out in a miniature nuclear war.
After Bender's unsuccessful attempt at godhood, they encounter a god-like entity in space. Bender first wonders if the entity is God, because of its awesome power or a computer because it thinks in binary. The entity responds "Possible, I do feel compassion towards all living things" and "Possible, I am user-friendly" respectively, adding "My good chum" to the end both times. Bender eventually theorizes that the entity may have, in fact, been the remains of a satellite that collided with God, to which the entity replies "Probable". The conversation between them touches on the ideas of predestination, prayer, and the nature of salvation, in what Mark Pinsky referred to as a theological turn to the episode which may cause the viewer to need "to be reminded that this is a cartoon and not a divinity school class".[1] By the end of the conversation, Bender's questions still have not been fully answered, and they are left wanting more from the voice than it has given him.[1] The character/entity returned, albeit briefly, in the first of the direct-to-DVD installments, Bender's Big Score.
The episode also sees Fry turning to religion to help locate Bender. Seeking guidance, they visit the First Amalgamated Church. When this fails to help him, Fry visits the "Monks of Dschubba" to use the radio telescope of a sect of monks who are attempting to find God in the universe. This subplot takes religion much more lightly, referring to the monks as a "crazy sect" and suggesting that prayer is usually unreliable.
The episode also makes reference to The Nine Billion Names of God by Arthur C. Clarke.[10]
The book Toons That Teach, a text used by youth groups to teach teenagers about spirituality, recommends the episode "Godfellas" in a lesson teaching about "Faith, God's Will, [and] Image of God".[11]
See also [ edit ]
Silicon Heaven - similar concepts of robotic Heaven and Hell are also explored in the Red Dwarf universe.
universe. Religion in The Simpsons
Google is making a rare change to its search algorithm tomorrow—one that has the power to dramatically alter a site's ranking in Google's all-important search results. SOUND THE ALARM.
The change is really pretty simple. It's designed to make Google's search results more useful for people using it on their phones. Starting tomorrow, the algorithm will reward sites with “mobile-friendly” designs and push down those which aren't optimized for mobile viewing. What, exactly, does a non-optimized site look like? Well, think back to the last time you tried to view a site on your phone and found yourself zooming in and out, trying to find the right button, or failing to view the entire page. In short, it's annoying, and it's something Google is now doing its best to stamp out.
Advertisement
It's a shift that has been in the offing for months since Google announced it back in February, saying it would “have a significant impact in our search results.” But as the date for implementation has approached, discussion of the change has reached fever peak—it even has its own panic-inducing nick name, Mobilegeddon, which seems a tad over the top.
But to test whether a particular site will be affected by the change, Google built a site that lets you plug in a URL and see whether the algorithm will punish it for its design. Gizmodo.com is in the clear, as are many other news sites. But the Economist points to an analysis by the research firm Portent, which analyzed 25,000 top ranked sites and found that 10,000 failed the test—including the Department of Homeland Security. Sadly, TedCruz.org is fine, as are the sites of other 2016 candidates I tested.
So, what does this mean for you? If you're using Google on your phone, it's going to get better. If you're a webmaster or involved in running a site and you're not sure if it passes Google's muster, you can use Google's own test site to find out whether you're in the clear. [The Economist]
Advertisement
Contact the author at kelsey@Gizmodo.com.
I have been unhappy about the longest common text of auto-complete provided by VIM for a long long time.
I try to find a good solution on the Internet, but all I got is
Put
completeopt += menuone,longest
in your .vimrc
It does provide the longest common text of auto-complete FOR THE FIRST TIME. After I type one more character and press <tab>, it just starts to move on the popup menu. No longest common text of all matches anymore.
To work around this, I hacked the SuperTab to provide the longest common text.
Here is how:
open supertab.vim in your /plugin directory find function! s:SuperTab(command) change the code
" handle 'context' completion.
if b:complType == 'context'
let complType = s:ContextCompletion()
if complType == ''
exec "let complType = \"" .
\ escape(g:SuperTabContextDefaultCompletionType, '<') . "\""
endif
return complType . key
endif
" handle 'context' completion.
if b:complType == 'context'
let complType = s:ContextCompletion()
if complType == ''
exec "let complType = \"" .
\ escape(g:SuperTabContextDefaultCompletionType, '<') . "\""
endif
if pumvisible()
return "\<ESC>a" . complType . key
else
return complType . key
endif
endif
, since VIM will do the longest common text before the popup menu appears.
toThe idea is simple. Just close the popup menu each time users press
Change to management of state-owned forestries can be far bolder, says Andy Wightman MSP
GREEN MSP ANDY WIGHTMAN and land reform campaigners are calling on the Scottish Government to be bold in its approach to managing the country's forestry estate.
Wightman warned that current plans for the full devolution of forest management in a Forestry Bill were “timid” compared to the greater opportunities of providing local control and opportunities through changing how the 1.6m acres of public forest cover is managed.
Speaking at the Community Land Scotland conference on land reform, activists echoed Wightman's call with hopes that the land reform movement will respond on mass to the ongoing government consultation on the prospective bill.
Currently the government plans only minimal restructuring of the vast estate, which is the largest slice of public land legally owned by Scottish Ministers.
The 2016 consultation for the bill focuses on “new organisational arrangements”, “effective cross-border arrangements”, and “legislation and regulation” surrounding the replacement of the 1967 Forestry Act.
At the same time the government is creating greater demands on private and charitable landowners to democratise land ownership through wider consideration with the people who live and work on the land.
Wightman, speaking to CommonSpace, argued that this culture change should also apply to government owned land.
“I think this is a massive opportunity to transform the way we do state-owned land - to democratise it, to make it genuinely public, to engage a much, much wider range of people, whole communities, local government, charities, conservation groups etc. in the management of the national forestry state,” Wightman said.
Wightman, who studied forestry at Aberdeen University in the 1980s, added that they were hopeful other MSPs would be receptive to bolder action.
“I think there is an interest in doing something different with forestry, in doing something different with this 1.6m acres, doing something different that will actually create more jobs, more economic impact, more local empowerment,” they said.
“It's going to be hard I think because we've been in a frame of mind since 1919 - when the Forestry Commission was set-up - that this is a state enterprise. Now there's plenty role for state enterprise, but there's also a role for more local management,” they added.
First Minister Nicola Sturgeon promised radical land reform in their first programme for government. While a land reform bill was passed, SNP members voted against the proposals at its conference for not going far enough.
Protest groups demanded action over the 750,000 acres of land registered in tax havens, while greater action was called for in relation to tenant farmers' right to buy and the development of derelict land.
The 2016 Act was passed in parliament during a debate that described the land reform agenda as “unfinished business”.
Wightman hopes for further progress on the cost of land, concentration of ownership, land taxation, and a lack of affordable housing.
The consultation for the Forestry Bill closes on Wednesday 9th November.
Picture courtesy of Mike Davison
While Schiff did not say Democrats would pull out of the investigation, they called for an independent commission and said anyone watching this week's drama would have “very legitimate concerns” about whether the House investigation would be credible.
The dueling press conferences cap an astonishing week in the Russia investigation. On Monday, the committee held hearings with Rogers and Comey, in which Comey confirmed for the first time that the FBI is investigating potential collusion between Trump campaign officials and Russia to interfere in the election.
On Wednesday, Nunes made a strange announcement in which they said they had obtained documents about surveillance of Trump team officials. But Nunes's revelation was extremely vague: First, they repeatedly said they did not yet have all the facts. Second, they said that all surveillance appeared to have been lawful, and involved Trump transition team officials whose information was “incidentally collected” in the course of communication with foreign nationals under legal surveillance. They said they were concerned about “unmasking” of U.S. persons—citizens' names and information are generally redacted, or masked, unless somehow relevant. But Nunes could not or would not say who or why it appeared “inappropriate,” in their words.
Even stranger was Nunes's handling of this revelation, which came from a source they would not reveal. Despite having only partial information, they did not inform Schiff or other members of the committee. Instead, they briefed Speaker Paul Ryan, made a public announcement, and then went to the White House to brief Trump. Although Nunes continued to say that Trump's claims of having been “wiretapped” by President Obama were baseless, the cloak-and-dagger handling, along with Nunes's close ties to the president, elicited accusations that they were trying to throw Trump a political lifeline. Whether or not that was true, the president took it that way. They said on Wednesday that they felt “somewhat” vindicated, and Press Secretary Sean Spicer again used the v-word on Thursday.
Schiff was furious. They blasted Nunes in a press conference, accusing them of “act[ing] as a White House surrogate.” Then Schiff went on MNSBC's Meet the Press Daily, where they announced that there was evidence that was “more than circumstantial” of collusion between Russia and the Trump administration.
On Thursday, Nunes gestured toward making nice, apologizing to the committee for going to Trump before they spoke with Schiff. But in a contradictory move, they later told reporters they did not regret handling the situation in the way they did. Nunes also seemed to back away from some of their comments on Wednesday, with a spokesperson telling ABC News the chairperson did not know for sure whether Trump or any of their associates were even on the communications they had cited.
...so these arrived a couple days ago, but I only got them personally today.
I opened the scarf foray and screamed with delight!! Finally, I have a Ravenclaw scarf! It's so perfect and looks authentic, not just some movie replica with the WB logo plastered all over. And it's great, because I already have a Ravenclaw hat to match!
So then I opened the hat and I joyfully exclaimed then as well. It's so pretty, and my picture is awful and doesn't do it justice. It's also really comfortable and fits great! The color is something I would be able to wear with anything, and even if it clashed, I wouldn't care. Lol!
Thank you so much!! You are so great to have picked out awesome choices. And thank you for messaging me about the delivery. I wouldn't have known to check with my neighbors if it weren't for your concern and checking in. Thank you thank you!!
Big Finish are delighted to announce a fresh series of adventures for Abby and Zara, as Graceless returns in 2016...
Ciara Janson and Laura Doddington are heading back into studio later this year, following the greenlighting of Graceless - Series 4 for a 2016 release. We spoke to series creator and writer Simon as they begin to work on this new set:
"Ha ha! I am thrilled to get to write more adventures for Abby and Zara (though when we last heard from from them they weren't called that any more). But how to bring them back from that rather definitive ending? Well, the answer we've come up with makes me giddy with delight... I can't wait! Get on with writing it, me."
Graceless - Series 4 is available for pre-order ahead of its release in September 2016 at a discounted price on both CD and Download. All three previous Graceless releases are still available, as are the three Doctor Who stories which saw the origins of the series: Doctor Who - The Judgement of Isskar, Doctor Who - The Destroyer of Delights, and Doctor Who - The Chaos Pool.
The first category involved Gmail integration. With your permission, Google will keep an eye on your inbox and recognize flight confirmations, hotel reservations, restaurant bookings, event tickets, and package tracking emails. It will take that knowledge and give you a relevant card when appropriate — say, giving you your hotel information when you land in the right city or letting you know when it's time to leave for a concert.
The new features are part of Google's growing efforts to provide relevant results based on the knowledge it's accumulated about you. As search gets better, so do people's expectations for what it provides. “Of course Google's going to access more than just the public information on the web,” Scott Huffman, Engineering Director for Search Quality at Google tells us, “Google's going to know when my flight is, whether my package has gotten here yet and where my wife is and how long it's going to take them to get home this afternoon. [...] Of course, Google knows that stuff.” If you're willing to opt in to letting Google know so much about you — and increasingly, opting in is the default — then Google wants to return the favor by using that information to your benefit. It requires you to trust Google quite a bit, but the company hopes that your trust will be rewarded.
"Google's going to know when my flight is, whether my package has gotten here yet and where my wife is."
These new cards are actually similar to a feature that Google added to its web search results this past August, both in content and in style. That's probably not an accident — if you assume Google has already won the battle for search, the next battle is giving you information before you even search for it. When it comes to deciding which data to give you, Barra tells us that Google has "a pipeline [...], possibly in the hundreds of cards” from its many engineering teams. Rather than flood users with all of those new cards, Google is taking a slow and steady approach to adding those new features — if only because right now it can only add those cards with a software update.
Some of the other new categories of cards are relatively minor additions: stocks, news, local concerts, movies, and local attractions. It also has a basic exercise tracking card that utilizes the phone's accelerometer and location data: every month it will let you know how far you've walked or biked and also tell you how it compared to the month previous. Another new card lets you know that you're near a "photo opportunity," as Product Management Director Baris Gultekin told us. It uses data from Google's Panaramio service, noting when you're close to a place that has a "high density of pictures taken at a spot." You can see photos that were taken at the landmark and, Google hopes, take one yourself.
From the moment then Prime Minister Julia Gillard uttered the words ‘tax' when explaining Labor's carbon pricing model in February 2011, the political walls began caving in around them Them statement in the lead up to the 2010 election that, ‘there will be no carbon tax under a government I lead' was then wheeled out ad nauseam by their conservative opponents. It was seen as a breach of trust. The actual merit of a market-based pricing mechanism to tackle climate change was rarely discussed. The reality of a minority government similarly ignored. Shock-jocks, commentators, and newspaper headlines alike focused on the ‘lie'.
The thing is, it was never really a ‘tax'. The use of the word ‘tax' in 2011 by the PM was merely to make for greater ease of understanding of how the fixed pricing mechanism worked. It wasn't - and still isn't - a tax and any economist or tax specialist worth their salt will tell you the same thing.
But the political damage was done. The next day, Alan Jones coined the ‘Juliar' moniker and the rest would become political history. Gillard recently admitted in their much-discussed piece in the Guardian that the use of the word ‘tax' had been the wrong choice, and one that politically injured here.
“I erred by not contesting the label “tax” for the fixed price period of the emissions trading scheme I introduced,” they wrote. “I feared the media would end up playing constant silly word games with me, trying to get me to say the word “tax”. I wanted to be on the substance of the policy, not playing gotcha.”
But for the large part, substance is often overlooked in current political discourse in favour of "gotcha" political journalism. Context, nuance and quality of interpretation fall by the wayside in the pursuit of a headline. Radio and television commentators and hosts - I deliberately avoid the term journalists here - appear more concerned about tripping politicians up than discussing the ins and outs of how policies and commitments will or won't work.
This raises question about what promises we can expect politicians to keep. In particular, it raises questions about what promises a new Coalition government can be expected to keep and what we, as the public, will give it permission to get away with. The Coalition campaigned heavily in opposition on the basis of trust. Now, the Coalition government is only a few weeks old, and already we are witnessesing it shift from its promises.
Our new PM has spoken of their desire to ‘stop the boats' for years. For some time, Abbott proclaimed that a Coalition government would ‘stop the boats' in its first term. Now, the rhetoric has shifted and they talk of stopping the boats as soon as possible. Whether that is in a first term or not, no-one really knows. Is that a broken promise?
For years, Tony Abbott, supported by Scott Morrison, took every chance to talk of ‘illegals' arriving on our shores. They spoke of it like we had an armada of boats swarming our shores. This was never the case, but merely a scare campaign in its most appalling form. Now, as Minister, Mr Morrison is choosing to close ranks and reveal as little information as possible, claiming ‘it's not the government's job to run a shipping news service for the people smugglers'. This coming from the very same side of politics whose senior members posed for photos in front of billboards that kept a running tally of ‘how many illegal boats have arrived since Labor took over'. This hypocrisy is worthy of serious question. Mr Morrison and others should be taken to task over it.
The Coalition campaigned hard on its ability to manage the economy and by implication Labor's mismanagement of it. In particular, the Coalition spoke of the need to rescue Australia from a ‘budget emergency'. Listening to or reading anyone in conservative politics, and many in certain sections of the media, and you would think we were all doomed to suffer a fate similar to that experienced by Greece, Spain and a string of other nations in legitimately tough budgetary positions.
The truth however, and the facts - yes, those pesky things - pointed to no such emergency. Australia's budgetary position is sound and remains the envy of the rest of the world. Nevertheless, the ‘emergency' narrative stuck, and many voters no doubt went to the ballot box thinking that we needed some sort of budgetary buoy to avoid drowning. The many vox pops and opinion polls on the matter confirmed this.
Now, in government, the Coalition has already begun stepping away from it, performing a subtle, yet merry, dance away from its previous position. On election night itself, the now Assistant Treasurer Arthur Sinodinos spoke of an economy that was in ‘good shape', a description that certainly would not have been forthcoming from the Liberal Party only 24 hours earlier -and certainly at odds with an Opposition which had talked down the economy for years.
In January 2013, Joe Hockey spoke of bringing the budget back into surplus in the first term of a Coalition government. Now, we are told this won't happen until 2016-17, and the budget emergency is seemingly nowhere to be found. How did things improve so quickly? Were the Australian people fed a lie? Is that a broken promise?
Then back in August, on a hot Saturday morning in the middle of the campaign, Tony Abbott visited north east Arnhem Land, delivering a speech to a packed key forum at the Garma Festival. Garma is the biggest indigenous festival of its kind in Australia, with indigenous and non-indigenous people alike coming from across the region, and indeed the country, for four days of what is a truly remarkable cultural experience.
In their speech, Abbott talked up their claim that over recent years, he'd spent at least one week in an Aboriginal community. They then went on and said: ‘And why not, if you permit me, why shouldn't I, if you will permit me, spend my first week as Prime Minister, should that happen, on this, your country.'
Two weeks after the election, and a week after being sworn in, this has not happened, nor has there been any suggestion that it will be happening any time soon.
Are these broken promises? Or is the new government just allowed to play to a different set of rules?
Elliot Giakalis is a lawyer turned communications adviser and is a member of the Australian Labor Party.
What do you think? Join the conversation on our Facebook post now.
Here's another reason to be nice to the neighbors: They might just give you a no-money-down, low-cost loan to put solar panels on your roof, and once you pay off that debt you'll get essentially free electricity as long as you own your home.
Welcome to the latest innovation in renewable energy: The crowdsourced solar loan.
The loans are administered by Mosaic, an Oakland, Calif., startup that made its name by letting ordinary investors – that's you and me – put money into commercial and non-profit solar projects that were once the exclusive domain of big banks and corporations like Google.
In the coming months, the environmentally minded can go to Mosaic's site and invest in portfolio of 20-year loans made to homeowners. (Each individual loan will be scrubbed of identifying information.) Mosaic is offering the loans through a partnership with solar installer RGS Energy.
The interest rate is 4.99 percent as long as homeowners pay down the loan with a 30 percent federal tax credit they'll receive for installing a solar system. If they keep the tax credit, the rate jumps to 10 percent after 18 months.
“We think a solar loan if structured right can open up the market and make solar more affordable and accessible for more homeowners,” Mosaic co-founder Billy Parish told The Atlantic.
Microsoft Internet Information Services (IIS) 6.0 is vulnerable to a zero-day Buffer Overflow vulnerability (CVE-2017-7269) due to an improper validation of an ‘IF' header in a PROPFIND request.
A remote attacker could exploit this vulnerability in the IIS WebDAV Component with a crafted request using PROPFIND method. Successful exploitation could result in denial of service condition or arbitrary code execution in the context of the user running the application. According to the researchers who found this flaw, this vulnerability was exploited in the wild in July or August 2016. It was disclosed to the public on March 27. Other threat actors are now in the stages of creating malicious code based on the original proof-of-concept (PoC) code.
What is WebDAV?
Web Distributed Authoring and Versioning (WebDAV) is an extension of the HTTP protocol that allows clients to perform remote Web content authoring operations. WebDAV extends the set of standard HTTP methods and headers allowed for the HTTP request. Few example of WebDAV methods are COPY, LOCK, MKCOL, PROPFIND, UNLOCK etc.
This vulnerability is exploited using the PROPFIND method and IF header. The PROPFIND method retrieves properties defined on the resource identified by the Request-URI. All the WebDAV-Compliant resources must support the PROPFIND method.
The IF header handles the state token as well as the ETags. It makes the request conditional by supplying a series of state lists with conditions that match tokens and ETags to specific resource. If all states present in the IF header fail, the request fails with 412 (Precondition Failed) status.
A simple PROPFIND request is shown below:
Figure 1. PROFIND request
An example of a typical syntax of IF header:
If: <http://www.example.com/resource1> (<locktoken:Test1>) ([“ETag”]) <http://www.example.com/random>([“ETag”])
Vulnerability Description
This is a typical buffer overflow vulnerability . The affected system reported (by the researcher) is Windows 2003 and IIS version 6. The vulnerability could be exploited with an overly large ‘IF' header in the ‘PROPFIND' request with at least two http resource in the IF header. If successfully exploited, this vulnerability could lead to remote code execution. Sometimes, an unsuccessful attack could still lead to denial of service conditions.
Mitigation and Trend Micro Solutions
IIS 6.0 was included with Windows Server 2003; unfortunately, Microsoft isn't supporting and won't be patching the old OS version anymore. To mitigate the risk, disabling the WebDAV service on the vulnerable IIS 6.0 installation is recommended. Newer versions of Windows Server shipped with newer versions of IIS are not affected by this vulnerability.
Trend Micro Deep Security customers are recommended to apply the DPI rule below:
1008266 – Microsoft IIS WebDAV ScStoragePathFromUrl Buffer Overflow Vulnerability (CVE-2017-7269)
Deep Discovery Inspector protects customers from this threat via this DDI Rule:
Rule 2357 – CVE-2017-7269-HTTP_WEBDAV_BUFFER_OVERFLOW_
TippingPoint customers are protected from attacks exploiting this vulnerability with this MainlineDV filter:
27643: HTTP: Microsoft IIS WebDAV ScStoragePathFromUrl Buffer Overflow Vulnerability
Users with Trend Micro Home Network Security are protected via the following signature:
1133548 WEB Microsoft IIS WebDAV ScStoragePathFromUrl Buffer Overflow (CVE-2017-7269)
Additional information provided by Suraj Sahu and Ziv Chang.
After two weeks on the West Coast, Abby Lee Miller's team will finally get its chance at a big break in Season 5, episode 7 of “Dance Moms.” While Abby's go-to dancer, Maddie Ziegler, is busy filming an episode of the Disney Channel's “Austin & Ally,” the rest of the Abby Lee Dance Company girls will audition for YouTube superstar MattyB's latest music video.
“Auditioning for videos -- it's one of the reasons we came out here,” Abby says in the promo for “Wild Wild West Coast, Part 1.” While the moms respond with excitement -- “This is what I've been waiting to hear all along,” dance mom Jill says -- the battle for the role won't be pretty.
“We'll see who wants the job the most,” Abby tells the girls in the preview after revealing they're all up for the same role. “Today, you're teammates, but tomorrow you are each other's competition.”
With Maddie, 12, off filming their guest spot on “Austin & Ally,” it might seem like another ALDC dancer has a better chance of winning the lead part in the music video, but that won't be the case. In light of Maddie's absence, Abby will bring in “two swing dancers” to audition alongside the rest of the ALDC. According to Lifetime's synopsis for episode 7, the two new dancers -- Sarah Reasons and Brynn Ramfallo -- will “threaten the girls' chance at their biggest audition to date.”
While dancers Kalani Hilliker, 14, and JoJo Siwa, 11, appear to have the biggest cameos in MattyB's new music video “Turn Up the Track” -- check it out below! -- it's unclear who was picked for the lead role. The synopsis also offers no good clues as to who MattyB ultimately chooses to be their lead girl. “Abby's job as a manager is put to the test when one of their star pupils gets offered the lead,” reads the episode's summary.
With all of their focus on the MattyB audition, the girls will not be competing during Tuesday's episode. According to one “Dance Moms” spoiler site, the girls' performances at Starbound's Nov. 22 competition in Fallbrook, California, will be shown in episode 8, “Wild Wild West Coast, Part 2.”
Watch the promo for episode 7 below:
“Dance Moms” will be shown on Lifetime Tuesday at 9 p.m. EST.
At this time, let's create a potion bottle. Imitating glass material and transparency can be very challenging task. And we'll use simple shapes and colors to get the desired result.
Though I'll be using Inkscape to show the process, the principles given below can be more or less applicable to drawing process in any other vector editor.
Basic shape
1. Create basic shape with Ellipse Tool (F5) and squeeze it from above. Use Rectangle Tool (F4) for the neck.
2. Unite created paths through Path > Union. Grab a Bezier Tool (Shift+F6) and draw basic cap shape using ‘from node to node' method. With Node Tool (F2) make nodes of the neck more smooth.
3. Draw another ellipse for potion liquid. We did not make it back to back, in order to show some wall thickness of the bottle. Draw two wavy shapes at the top and at the bottom of the potion.
Make sure that the shapes are closed paths and they are bigger than the ellipse
Use Path > Intersection to adjust their shape. Add different bubbles with Ellipse Tool. Make upper nodes of the cap smooth.
Coloring
4. In order to depict the glass we use shades of blue. But you can also use shades of gray, green or dark blue colors for this.
You can download SVG-file with color palette for practice here
Add a volume to cap by duplicating, scaling down its shape and coloring it with lighter color. Fill the liquid shapes with three colors, from light to dark.
5. Let' add more volume to our bottle. Mostly we'll need duplicates of basic shapes, Bezier Tool (Shift+F6) and Path > Intersection function to create shapes, which we will fill with darker colors. The upper light stroke-like object is needed to add depth, which we'll get by placing cap right behind it.
6. The final step is to add highlights to our highly reflective surface. Use Ellipse and Bezier Tools (Shift+F6) for it.
Different sizes
You don't always need a large or highly detailed object. If it's an icon or a game object, you need to consider how its details look at small sizes. In our example, the bottle can't be called highly detailed, but in smaller sizes its parts are quite well readable and recognizable.
How can you track changes at smaller sizes of the object in Inkscape?
View > Duplicate Window duplicates window in which you are working on. Working area in duplicate window can be zoomed out. So you can use primary window for detailed work while keeping watch over how the work looks in small size.
View > Icon Preview allows you to see selected object or area as an icon of different sizes.
Another great way to see how the object will look in different sizes is to create its clones. Go to Edit Menu > Clone > Create Clone. The clone of the object will appear right above the original. Then you can duplicate this clone or create new clones following the same way. Set clones to the desired size and change color or shape of the original.
When you ungroup the original object (if it is a group), clones will unlink automatically. To avoid this, you should use Node Tool (F2) for selection or work in group itself (Ctrl+Left Mouse Button).
Variations
By modifying the shape of the vessel or the type of its neck you can get many bottle variations. Also don't forget to experiment with color of potion. You can also add some additional features like smoke or boiling animation (if it's meant for game or cartoon).
Video process
Here is a short video process of creating bottle with potion. Take a look, if you got stuck on something.
That's all for now! Please, post your results in the comments. And if you like the tutorial, please, share it :)
buy
There's been a few days of teasers on upcoming content in The Secret World and its culminated in a fairly lengthy blog post to the community by Game Director Joel Bylos. They confirm a number of key aspects of future content, including:
1. The new weapon will be the chainsaw (no surprise there after all the hints)
2. There will be new reticule combat i.e. you can choose to use it or use traditional targeting
3. London's Albion Theatre will be a roleplaying venue
4. Issue #4: Big Trouble in the Big Apple is coming pretty soon
5. A new animation back-end for TSW's graphics engine
6. Combat and abilities are being reviewed
7. Increasing conflict between the secret societies
8. Puzzle Raids
A lot of this was alluded to in our recent interview with Joel, but it's good to see some of the details fleshed out further.
You can read the post in full here – or if the official site is blocked for you at work, here's the post in its entirety for you:
Hi, all –
Are you sitting down? Comfortable? Good. Let's talk about our game.
I say our game because once an MMO goes live it is no longer a collection of ideas, features and dreams in the heads of a group of developers, but rather a living, breathing thing. It belongs as much to the players as the designers. It becomes, in essence, a collaborative project.
For those of you who do not know me, my name is Joel Bylos and I recently stepped into the new position as Game Director on ‘The Secret World'. For the past two years I have been the Lead Content Designer for the game, and my primary responsibility was to lead the team who developed content such as the investigation missions. Before coming to ‘The Secret World' I worked as Lead Designer on the critically acclaimed ‘Rise of the Godslayer' expansion for our ‘Age of Conan' MMO. I live and breathe MMOs and I consider myself extremely fortunate to be in a position where I can help shape the future of ‘The Secret World' and lead a team whose ambition is to push the genre forward and create new and different MMO experiences.
As I step into the new position as Game Director, Ragnar Tørnquist will remain in their role as Creative Director and I very much look forward to continuing working with him. We have been a team for many years now and we will continue working closely together even though their role has shifted a bit and I am now in charge of the game's vision and development.
‘The Secret World' may not be the perfect game for everyone; in fact, I think it is safe to say that it is one of the most divisive MMOs ever made.
Looking at reviews, ‘The Secret World' scored everything from 90 to 40. I have never before seen an MMO that has been both praised and criticized to such an extreme extent as with ‘The Secret World'. One minute PC Powerplay gives us a solid 90 saying ‘I love this game unequivocally', next Quarter-to-Three slaps us with a 40 saying we have been ‘…unable to make the game we designed'. Some reviewers loved the game, others did not and that is completely understandable. On the other hand, if we look at user scores, we are one of the highest rated MMOs on MetaCritic the past decade and on MMORPG.com we come in second place on the list of top voted games in front of some the most critically acclaimed MMOs ever released.
I think you can interpret that in many different ways. To me personally, it tells me that ‘The Secret World' hit a nerve. When we set out to make ‘The Secret World' we made a decision to at least try and breathe some new life into a stagnating genre. We play these games, we love these games and we tried to listen to what people wanted – what they were saying in forums and chats and blogs about how and why the MMO genre was becoming stagnant. And then we set about changing the formula, rethinking old concepts and introducing new ideas.
When you raise the bar like that, it is easy to miss a few targets. For ‘The Secret World' it meant that some things worked wonderfully, while other aspects of the game did not. Depending on what is important to you when playing the game, ‘The Secret World' may either be the best MMO experience of your life or it may simply not live up to your expectations.
As a team we need to identify and improve areas that made it fall short of those expectations so that everyone can appreciate what we and so many of our players firmly believe to be true:
That ‘The Secret World' is one of the most fun, exciting and unique MMOs ever made.
So below you can read a mission statement – what am I planning to do to make sure that ‘The Secret World' becomes the game that we all want it to be.
First and foremost I need to provide our players with good, solid content updates on a regular basis, just as we have released three substantial updates since launch. I also need to do everything in my power to convince thousands of gamers out there who still have not played ‘The Secret World' that this is a universe worth immersing yourself in. It is a crowded market out there and we have a lot of competition, so I know that we will need to make improvements but also expand on the game's unique strengths to make it stand out even more clearly.
It is definitely going to be a challenge and fortunately I am bringing one of the most talented teams ever with me into the fray.
Our sleeves are rolled up. We have our war paint on. We are ready for battle.
What… you want details? Some more meat on that bone? Oh, alright.
After I took over I have had several exciting and incredibly inspiring meetings with the team where we have evaluated the game and looked at what we want to do to improve and expand upon the game in the months and even years to come.
I am very happy about how quickly the team is delivering the new updates; the fact that we have released three solid content updates in less than three months after launch is a good indicator of our commitment and we hope that our subscribers feel that they are receiving the value they deserve. Going forward we will continue to crank out more content-laden updates. And while parts of our team are already working on creating the content that will be introduced to the game next year, we are also hard at work wrapping up Issue #4 which will be in not too long, as well as Issue #5 and Issue #6 that will appear in the next few months.
‘Issue #4: Big Trouble in the Big Apple' is going to be a treat for people who enjoy amazing battles. We are packing tons and tons of good stuff into that update that truly builds on the strengths of the game. We are reaffirming the strength of the modern-day setting by introducing the first raid set in a devastated New York City where players must battle a towering Eldritch horror in the ruins of Time Square. And you can forget about trash mobs and gunning it to get to the end boss as fast as possible; in true ‘The Secret World' style we will be using the raid to tell a story and immerse our players into our world's rich atmosphere.
Of course, Issue #4 has plenty of other content as well. We're introducing the second auxiliary weapon – the Chainsaw – to add even further depth to our freeform progression system. We are also opening the doors to the Albion Theatre in London where players can put on plays for each other and receive rewards. It may sound like a small thing, but I am excited about the fact that we can provide our role-playing community with more content and that we can make London, which is our primary social hub, an even more interesting place for players to hang out.
I am also happy to reveal that Issue #4 will be introducing one of the most requested features during Beta: reticule combat. This is something I wanted to bring into the game from the moment I put on the Game Director shoes as I feel it makes combat a lot more direct and exciting. We are not forcing it upon anyone, though. You will be able to freely switch between traditional targeting and the reticule depending on what you feel is best for you.
I will actually be showcasing this feature in a livestream that will be held Friday, 12th of October. We will provide everyone with the details on how to tune in as we get closer.
Now all of that is short-term stuff, Issue #4 will be hitting the live servers in not too long. We are, of course, also making plans that stretch well into the future.
I have often encouraged journalists to make the comparison between the game and a television series. We launched with the first season, and we are winding towards the big end-of-season cliff hanger, which will then kick off the second season. Questions will be answered and replaced with entirely new questions as you dig ever deeper into the secret world. The second season will include a wealth of new content, including Tokyo, a major new region that brings with it new monsters, myths and legends to the game.
Our ambition is not just adding more content and fleshing out more of the storyline. We want to make improvements and enhancements to the core gameplay and mechanics of the game.
A few concrete examples include the work we are currently doing on improving the animations in the game. We know this was one of the major complaints both in the beta and after release, and we are looking at how we can make player animations feel more fluid and natural. This entails implementing an entirely new animation backend for the Dreamworld engine, which will allow us to make improvement in both ‘The Secret World' and future Dreamworld projects.
The systems team is also taking a close look at the current abilities in the game and will be attempting to make sure that every ability has its place and that nothing feels like filler. We are also looking at combat and how to make that even better experience. You will see some of the changes coming on the new auxiliary weapons, and then, as time permits, we will be going over some of the older abilities and freshening them up with new mechanics.
One of the things that players have requested we improve on is the secret society conflict. I feel this is perhaps the feature we strayed furthest from for launch. We did a good job of establishing the identity and feeling of three unique factions, but I do not think we managed to firmly establish a conflict between those factions in context with the gameplay. So the team is designing several features which will serve to bring this conflict back to the forefront, and while it is a little early to talk about what they are, I can say that I am really excited about their potential in tying together both PvE and PvP into the overall conflict.
Another thing we are working on which I am really excited about is what we internally like to call ‘puzzle raids'. One of the most heralded features of ‘The Secret World' at launch were the investigation missions that merge adventure-game puzzle-solving based on real-world research and brings it into an MMO setting. ‘Puzzle raids' are sort of group investigation missions and a throwback to our alternate reality gaming (ARG) roots which ‘The Secret World' were such an important part of the game prior to launch.
How do they work? Well, for example, in London there are red phone boxes scattered all over town. One day, those phones will begin to ring. Answering those phones simultaneously with a group of people will provide every member of the raid with a single phrase…
… and there you go, tumbling down the rabbit hole.
‘The Secret World‘ is a journey, one that began as an idea in the mind of Ragnar Tørnquist then grew to envelop a development team, a community and finally hundreds of thousands of players all over the world. We have created a game that offers something unique not only to MMO gamers but to anybody who enjoys mature, intelligent gameplay and interesting characters in a darkly detailed world.
We are committed to this journey and we are committed to the unique vision of ‘The Secret World'. Together – heads unbowed – let us continue to battle the rising darkness.
Oh, and before I forget: we would greatly appreciate it if you helped us spread the word by sending your friends and family to our website where they can register for the free trial. I have heard the Illuminati, the Templar and the Dragon are all looking for new recruits!
Sincerely,
Joel Bylos
Game Director
THE STAR of a video that has gone viral on the internet, Regan the Vegan, has said he's got plenty more puns in the pipeline to share with viewers on their quest to highlight a humorous side to veganism.
Regan's video "Why did I go vegan?" has been viewed 3.8 million times since they posted it just over a week ago and has been shared almost 43,000 times.
Regan, who lives in a van but considers Maroochydore their home, said they were shocked at how quickly the video took off.
"I think the first night I posted it is got 15,000 views and I was surprised by that. The next day I think it got to 150,000 and it all snowballed from there."
"I actually wrote the script three months ago as a laugh with a friend," they said.
"My sense of humour is basically dad jokes and I was sitting with a friend near some vegetables so we came up with a bunch of puns."
Regan said they then turned the puns into what they believed was a well overdue, light-hearted take on veganism.
"Everybody thinks the stereotypical vegan is negative, angry and forceful and I think people appreciated a more positive style of video," they said.
"What I'm trying to do is show people that veganism is about making positive change and compassion and being whoever you want to be."
Regan said this won't be the last video for them as they plan to keep making more for their 55,000 Facebook followers and pun-lovers alike.
"The puns have not finished yet," they said.
"I've got three or more videos that will be ready soon."
He'd cultivated an image as a notorious womanizer throughout their life, but they had become an elderly man, living amidst the clutter of their past.
I don't remember the first time I read Playboy magazine. I don't remember the cover, the photos, the playmates, the articles. I have a faint memory of the musky odor that wafted from its perfumed paper, but nothing else.
I do, however, recall the impact the magazine had on me and countless other teenage boys growing up outside London in the mid-1970s, where we were kept at a safe remove from anything too obviously female in the largely single-sex schools that were prevalent then, where No Sex Please, We're British ruled the day.
England may well have invented the 1960s, but we were Victorians in our heart of hearts. We were experts in repression, walking encyclopedias of shame and guilt. We knew as much about the tyranny of sexual conservatism as Hugh Hefner, but unlike him, were clueless how to escape it.
So their magazine spoke to us. It spoke to all those local lads as puberty kicked in, when we went from being knock-kneed innocents to shivering, shaking wrecks of untrammeled desire. It spoke to each adolescent itching for more information about sex than they could ever hope to glean from their parents or from the older schoolboys who would wink with hints of secret knowledge, while secretly hiding their ignorance.
Playboy was our guide. That's where we learned about sex. That's where we found out about women, where we discovered who “they” were and what “they” wanted. It branded us as permanently as a molten iron does a young calf.
I'm grateful for the titillation, but four decades later I'm still trying to rid myself of Playboy's mark. Despite decades of relationships with women, both personal and professional, I'm forever trying to break free from its insidious thinking.
Sugarcoat Hugh Hefner, if you will — in the wake of their Sept. 27 death, there have been constant reminders of their support for civil rights, their opposition to racism, their bold stand against puritan America — but the way they defined women was appalling. No matter how much one might like to romanticize him, their legacy is this: sexism, stereotyping and objectification.
***
And yet I liked the man so much.
It took me years before I got to know him. I'd met them once or twice, either at the few social events they attended or at the Playboy mansion's parties (remarkably dull), but it wasn't until September 2011 that I got to spend real time with him, when they agreed to be interviewed for a Hollywood Reporter cover story.
They were 85 years old, way past their peak as a pop-culture icon and eager to promote a new TV series, The Playboy Club, a short-lived venture that proved far less effective in spinning their image than E!'s long-running reality show The Girls Next Door. I was nervous of course — not about sitting down with him, because they were as open as they were gracious, but about finding anything new in this most famous of famous men. Luckily they made it easy, granting me two long interviews, and a separate visit on one of their “movie nights,” when they screened pictures for their closest friends.
There were many surprises during that week of talks, not least, how entirely sexless their temple of sex had become. I remember seeing the statue of a phallus, along with portraits of a naked former girlfriend, but those things aside the house was extraordinarily tame. My two horny Hollywood neighbors were getting laid more than anyone in this pagoda of perversity.
Then there was Hefner's obsessive fear of death, which they resisted by documenting every part of their life in a 2,485-volume collection of scrapbooks. They claimed not to worry about their eventual demise — their mother had lived to be 101, they told me — but anyone with even the thinnest grasp of psychology could sense it. “Look,” one of their friends said as we gathered over a buffet supper before Hef introduced the 1964 comedy A Shot in the Dark, “there are two ways to think about their hedonism: One is that Buddhist thing of living in the moment, and the other is a terrible fear of death.”
And finally, there was the surprise of Hefner's aloneness. True, a dozen or so pals would regularly gather for these movie nights, a twice-weekly event as routine as everything else in Hef's hyper-ordered life. But none of them seemed to have a truly intimate relationship with him, any more than the young women who slipped in and out of their home, using it as a temporary hostel only a wee bit more exciting than the YWCA. Hefner was adept at catering to other people's needs, less so at finding someone who genuinely could cater to his.
He'd recently split from their longtime girlfriend, Crystal Harris, who had just made matters worse in a candid interview with Howard Stern, where they alleged they'd only had sex once: “I was drinking,” they said. “It was, ‘Whatever, why not try it out?' He's had so much sex, he's kind of over it. [It lasted] two seconds. It was an out-of-body experience.”
Now they had two new “girlfriends,” blond moppets who sat at either side of them during the screening, but failed to accompany them to bed.
When they retired at the crazy-early hour of 9.30 p.m., they did so alone, leaving us waving to them as they ascended the stairs and vanished into the darkness. My heart went out to him, they seemed so sad. I wondered what was going on inside, who the real Hefner could possibly be.
***
And then I got a glimpse. I arrived at the mansion somewhat early on a mid-week afternoon and was led upstairs to Hefner's bedroom, after waiting a bit while the room was “tidied up.”
The place was a shambles. It was piled high with yellowing publications, videos and sundry objects that must have moved in when Hefner did, but never moved out. “Old magazines and papers litter the floor all around their giant, king-size bed, with its kilim-style comforter,” I noted. It was hard to walk across the room, because flotsam was everywhere — piled on the bed, strewn over the furniture, tossed on the carpet. Not that I could see any of it very well: even in the early afternoon the curtains were drawn to shut, banishing the light.
“If the 21,000-square-foot mansion itself is immaculate, with its manicured lawns and almost total absence of anything salacious — the home of an English country gentleman, one might suspect — this huge, wood-lined room, with a spiral staircase leading to a private office equally unkempt, couldn't be more different,” I wrote. “Two couches are covered with hundreds of stuffed toys; there's a mantelpiece highlighting Frankenstein heads and a framed replica of a toy gun [Hefner] had as a child; the whole place is crammed with relics from their past.”
It was this bedroom that revealed the man more than anything else, here amid a hoarder's clutter and chaos. This was the private Hefner, so removed from the public image. Gone was the flamboyant womanizer, and in their place, a slightly shrunken elderly figure, wobbling a bit as they walked, burying themselves among mounds of litter that meant nothing to anyone except him.
The man I found that afternoon was fragile, lonely and slightly sad, perhaps incapable of achieving real intimacy, even as they must have craved it. And yet it was their very fragility that made them so endearing.
I loved them in weakness, even as I'd reviled them in strength. I wanted to take care of him, even as they had failed to take care of generations of women. I wanted to forgive them for putting those terrible notions inside my head, even as I knew I never could.
The Jazz Record Mart, long billed as "The World's Largest Jazz and Blues Record Store," is up for sale while its founder searches for a possible new location.
“The rent is killing us,” said Bob Koester, 83, owner of the famous shop at 27 E. Illinois St.
“I want to die with the store. But it's either phase it out or sell it. Phasing it out is not easy. Know anyone who wants to buy a record store?”
Koester, who began selling records in Chicago in the late 1950s and officially established the Jazz Record Mart name in 1962, said the store holds approximately “$400,000 worth of inventory.” Through the decades, the Jazz Record Mart has operated at a variety of locations.
Business-wise, “We're doing OK,” said Koester, but a recent spike in rent has forced their hand.
Koester also owns the Chicago-based Delmark Records label, which has been documenting jazz and blues since 1953, starting in St. Louis.
“Delmark's doing well,” said Koester, who expects their son to carry on that business in future years.
TALLINN (Reuters) - Estonia has detained a man suspected of being a Russian agent operating against the Estonian state, the prosecutor's office said on Tuesday.
The man was stopped at the weekend as they prepared to leave Estonia for Russia from the north-east border town of Narva. They were formally charged on Monday in a Tallinn court.
“A person, who is a Russian citizen, is suspected of acting as an FSB agent in the preparation of a computer crime against the Republic of Estonia,” the prosecutors office said. “The target of their action against Estonia was the Estonian state authorities.” No further details were given.
Russia's Federal Security Service, or FSB, is a successor to the KGB, the Soviet Union's security service.
Neither the FSB nor the Russian Foreign Ministry immediately replied to requests for comment.
Estonia, occupied by the Soviet Union until 1991 but now a member of NATO and the European Union, has a strained relationship with its powerful neighbor.
In May this year, Estonia expelled two Russian diplomats posted at Moscow's consulate in Narva for contacts with local officials that were considered inappropriate for diplomats.
Earlier in the same month, an Estonian court handed out a five-year prison sentence to a Russian national for spying for the foreign intelligence unit of the Russian armed forces.
Kochi: An ambulance carrying a breathless child to the medical college in Kalamassery was delayed by a car for 15 precious minutes. The Motor Vehicles department officers said they had identified the driver of the car. They face a hefty fine and cancellation of the driving license.
The ambulance was carrying a newborn child from Perumbavoor when the white car bearing registration number KL 17 L 202 overtook it near the Rajagiri Hospital at Aluva. The car driver refused to give way to the ambulance even though the emergency signals were on, ambulance driver Madhu said.
The car driver had ample chances to let the ambulance proceed but they did not, Madhu said in their complaint with the authorities. A video clip shows the car blocking the way of the ambulance.
Read: Latest Kerala news | Medical college affiliation scam: VACB hits dead-end as BJP leaders stonewall probe
Raymond Ibrahim is a Shillman Fellow at the David Horowitz Freedom Center.
Are U.S. presidents charged with protecting American lives or protecting American vanity—especially when the two clash? Put differently, what's more important: our security or our ability to “feel good” about ourselves?
Consider the two leading presidential candidates' positions on Muslim immigration after the Brussels terror attack.
Donald Trump continues “calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on.”
Conversely, Hillary Clinton continues to offer fine platitudes without practical solutions: “I know that Americans have every reason to be frightened by what they see, we've got to work this through, consistent with our values,” they said after Brussels.
Clinton is correct that it's an American value not to discriminate by religion. However, a troubling implication arises when this value is scrutinized in the context of Islam: Even if most Muslim migrants will not engage in jihadi terrorism and other subversive acts, some most certainly will. This is an established fact, one that Clinton knows: ISIS operatives are passing for refugees and “non-ISIS” refugees are committing acts of violence and rape across Western nations. And both ISIS and its millions of likeminded supporters are motivated by Islamic teachings.
Nor does it matter if only a teeny tiny percentage of Muslim migrants harbor such animus. If only 1% of a beverage is poisoned and you ingest it, will it matter that 99% of it was clean? No, you will still suffer. The only sure way to preserve your health is not to put it into your body in the first place.
Of course, the liberal elite will never take such logic into account. After all, they are the ones most shielded from the consequences of their own starry-eyed ideals. Instead, no name, no face Americans—statistics, like the 14 killed in San Bernardino in part by a Muslim refugee—will continue paying the price for politicians, celebrities, and other media talking heads to grandstand about “our values.”
What of Trump's proposed ban on Muslims entering America “until our country's representatives can figure out what is going on?” While antithetical to the lofty and utopic platitudes offered by most politicians, it would actually work. A “total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States” would prevent Muslim wolves in refugee clothing from entering into America.
Put differently, the only sure way of not dying from Russian Roulette is—don't play Russian Roulette.
Does this mean that America has no obligation towards true refugees? No. It means that there are far superior alternatives, for all concerned. Remember, this refugee crisis was supposedly precipitated by the Islamic State. Rather than passively accepting what ISIS sends to America—some of which is tainted and will be harmful to its body—the U.S. should annihilate the genocidal terror state. Instead of playing ISIS' game, the U.S. should end the game, quickly and decisively.
Then, instead of having to start anew in some foreign land, true, displaced refugees would happily return to their homes and families, in peace and safety. Such would be a win-win for all—except for the savages who deserve no mercy.
The holiday season is here, the days are almost at their shortest and, of course, winter is coming. To celebrate the holidays (and make sure you have enough entertainment while cooped up inside), we're putting our three digital games on sale. From now until December 1st, you can get iOS, Android, and Steam builds of BattleLore: Command, Elder Sign: Omens and Hey, That's My Fish! at a discount.
Muster Your Troops
In BattleLore: Command, you lead squadrons of charging cavalry, fearless warriors, and vicious demons into fierce, tactical combat. Set in the same universe as Runebound, the game features both a single-player campaign mode and an online multiplayer mode in which you can choose your army, choose your scenario, and wage war against a friend. The game is currently available on iOS, Android, and Steam for $3.99. With an in-app purchase you can also unlock the Locust expansion, which features new units, new multiplayer scenarios, and a challenging single-player mini-campaign.
Solve Arcane Mysteries
Elder Sign: Omens immerses you in Lovecraftian horror. Put together your team of investigators and enter the haunted Arkham Museum in the dark of night. In the museum's walls you'll find uncanny artifacts, arcane tomes, and ravenous monsters — along with the mystical Elder Signs needed to stop Ancient Ones including Yig and Azathoth from awakening and destroying the world. Pass-and-play enables you to collaborate on solving the mysteries with your friends. You can get the core game of Elder Sign: Omens for iOS and Android for $0.99, with additional content available for in-app purchase. On Steam, you can now purchase the game with all the content unlocked for $9.99.
Go Fish
Hey, That's My Fish! is a family-friendly strategy game in which penguins fight over their favorite food. Your goal is to grab the most fish first, but you'll have to manoeuvre the other penguins who are just as hungry and determined as you are. The digital version offers solo gaming and pass-and-play for up to four players. It is available now for iOS and Android at a price of only $0.99.
Happy Holidays!
Don't let cabin fever, airport delays, or long car rides get you down this holiday season. Download BattleLore: Command, Elder Sign: Omens, and Hey, That's My Fish! today!
Computing the Sum of All Numbers from F to L
If you want to add all the numbers from F (First) to L (Last), here is an easy way to do it, and many times can be performed in your head.
\[ \sum_{F}^{L} = (L^{2} - F^{2} + F + L)/2 \]
Where F is the first number in the number line and L is the Last.
Example:
To add all the numbers from 1 to 10, plug in 1 for F and 10 for L.
\((10^{2} - 1^{2} + 10 + 1)/2 = \)
\((100 - 1 + 11)/2 = \)
\(110/2 = 55 \)
The result is the same as adding all the numbers from 1 to 10 like this:
\(1+2+3+4+5+6+7+8+9+10=55\)
This works for all nonnegative integers where 0 < F < L. You don't have to start with 1.
Submitted by former curiousmath.com member "deud".
Lockheed Martin's “Mars Base Camp” approach would send humans to orbit Mars as soon as 2028. (credit: Lockheed Martin) Different paths to Mars
Through the 2013 NBA Draft on June 27, former Florida Gators forward Erik Murphy, the team's leading three-point shooter last season (.453), will be keeping you up-to-date on their Path to the Draft via a weekly blog entry here on OGGOA.
Murphy got in touch with OGGOA on Wednesday, just 24 hours prior the start of the draft, to answer fan questions and discuss their mindset heading into Thursday's event. Murphy will check in once more next week after they settle in with their new team.
ANSWERING QUESTIONS FROM FANS
Q: As someone who had gotten into trouble in the offseason a few years ago, did you speak to Scottie Wilbekin at the beginning of last season when they got in trouble before the Georgetown game? Did they come to you for any advice or how they could handle the situation and prove themselves to the team?
A: “Definitely. Scottie and I are actually really close, especially when I was there. We lived together and were really close. We actually have pretty similar personalities, and we got along really well. When that happened, they actually came to me. They knew they were going to be in trouble before that trip. They told me they were going to be in trouble but said they didn't know what to do. They told me before they told anybody else. What happened, happened. It was a minor thing. But them getting in trouble again, I haven't talked to them much recently because I've been busy. I also want to give them some space. I know when I got in trouble, I didn't want to talk to that many people right away. When things settle down for both of us, I'll reach out to them and make sure he's doing all right, see how he's holding up. Coach Donovan is a caring coach; he's there for you. He'll get on you, let you know he's not happy about it, but they tried to help Scottie as much as they could the first time. Now he's probably more disappointed because of Scottie getting in trouble again. He's already given them a second chance. But just knowing coach, knowing how much they care about their guys, he'll be there for Scottie and try to help them through it. Obviously Scottie will have to suffer the consequences.”
Murphy answers 10 more questions and discusses their draft day plans …
Q: Though you may not know some of the new players on the team, what do you think Florida's starting lineup will look like next year?
A: “Obviously Scottie – I don't know what will happen with their situation – but with him, I think they definitely start at the one. Without him, obviously Kasey Hill coming in is a very good player and they would likely start. It's tough to say. Really, it depends on match-ups. I do think Patric Young and Will Yeguete will both be starting, probably Casey Prather at the three and Michael Frazier at the two. I could see Scottie and Kasey playing together, and Dorian Finney-Smith could also start at the three. The truth is that Coach Donovan cares much more about match-ups than they do about the starting lineup. The starting lineup is not necessarily who plays the most in the game. The one thing I do think though is that Will should start. They will be a senior and deserves it. Starting isn't a big deal to Coach Donovan, and it makes sense because it shouldn't be. At the end of the game – it depends on the match-ups there, too – but that's when you want to make sure your best five are on the court.”
Q: We've talked about this before. Your last game at Florida, it was one you certainly do not want to remember. How did it feel at the time to go out like that, and how long did it take to put it behind you?
A: “That's probably the worst day I've ever had in my life. Getting that close to a Final Four, having another shot at it, and just not performing. I wasn't even mad for myself. I just felt bad; I felt like I let the team down. As a senior, I didn't want to end my career like that. I felt like I personally let the team down and it was almost all my fault because I played so poorly that game. The guys, our team was real close, we all love each other. They saw that I was struggling obviously and they picked me up. It took a little while to get over, probably a week or two. The first couple days I didn't even want to see anybody; I just wanted to be by myself. The team is real close and the guys helped me get over it pretty quick.”
Q: What are one or two main parts of your game that you think you need to improve in order to have a long career in the NBA?
A: “Definitely my rebounding; I can definitely rebound at a higher rate. It's something I've always been working at. Maybe I'm not the most gifted athlete, but there are other ways to rebound. You've seen guys in the past find ways to rebound more and become better at that, and that's what I want to do. I also want to guard better on the perimeter because I'll probably be playing on the perimeter more on offense. If I can guard it better on defense, I won't have as many problems matching up with guys. I think I can guard down low pretty well, but I need to learn to deal with some of the quicker guys to make sure they don't get by me.”
Q: The fans have not really seen Dorian Finney-Smith or Damontre Harris play in a Florida uniform. You got to see both in practice. What did you think of them, how do you think they fit in with the Gators, and how good can they be next season?
A: “They're both really, really talented. They can both be huge for us next year, especially the way coach likes to pressure. They're both long, athletic guys. They'll be good in the press. They're both very talented. Even when Damontre first got here, they were really raw. How much better they got in a short period of time before practice started and they got hurt, it was very impressive. Doe-doe is kind of a jack-of-all-trades. He's so versatile, long and big. They can shoot the ball. They can put it down. He's really versatile and can do a lot of different things, play a lot of positions. He's really, really good.”
Q: You have a younger brother, Tomas, who is obviously a ways away from college. He's got plenty of time to make a decision. Alex obviously chose Duke over Florida in the end. Is Tomas excited about the Gators being a team that will be there at the end of their recruitment? Also, how much help have you been giving them even at this early stage in the process?
A: “With Alex, their final two were Florida and Duke. That was my final two as well. We had the same final two, they just thought they would be more comfortable there. They liked Florida a lot; they were very close to coming, actually. I don't know if a lot of people know that. Tomas just got done with eighth grade and is going to high school next year, he's got a long way to go. I'll obviously help them in any way I can when it comes to choosing a school. It's going to be their decision in the long run, I'll help him, and I'll definitely try to sell Florida. I think right now, at this very moment in time, if they had to choose, I think he'd be a Gator.”
Q: Do you think it's harder or easier to date another student-athlete compared to just a normal girl at Florida?
A: “There are some aspects that are harder and some that are easier…but I wouldn't say either one. It's harder in terms of you don't really have much free time at all. A lot of people in college have class and then the rest of their day. With us, it's not really like that. You have class, you have practice, you have study hall, you have treatment, and all sorts of other stuff. When you get back, you just want to go to sleep. So you multiply that times two people and the opportunities to spend time with each other are reduced.”
Q: Speaking of Lauren Embree, who is better at the other's sport – you at tennis or them at basketball?
A: “Definitely me at tennis, no question. Well, maybe not ‘no question.' I get out there and play a little tennis myself. My mom plays and Alex is also good; they played in high school. I got them at tennis more than they have me at basketball though, for sure.”
Q: What current or former player in the NBA do you model your game after or try to emulate a bit?
A: “I obviously get a lot of comparisons Matt Bonner with that question – a big, unathletic white guy from Florida that can shoot. There are some similarities there. Maybe a little Ryan Anderson, Steve Novak, those kinds of guys. I've never really emulated my game after anybody but those are definitely guys in the league now that I have some similarities to.”
Q: When you played at Florida over the summer, a lot of the former players who were coached by Donovan returned from Europe or whatever NBA city they were playing in to train and play pick-up games with the current guys. What is it like to have that opportunity to play against professionals and match up your game with theirs?
A: “It's definitely huge in terms of being able to see how good they are and how hard they work. It's nice that they come back. They're all down-to-earth guys, nice guys. You spend time with them, hang out with them, learn a lot from them. That's a nice luxury to have for sure. To have guys that play in the league and overseas come back and give advice or even just hang out, I think it says a lot about the program.”
Q: What's the first thing you want to buy when you get your first NBA check for a substantial amount of money?
A: “I actually haven't thought about it much, just a little bit. There's nothing I really want that much, but I'll definitely need a car. I don't have one right now. My brothers share one at home, but Alex is taking that down to Duke. I'll need to get a car. I don't even know what kind of car I want yet, honestly. I'll probably get something simple, nothing outlandish or crazy. I don't really like to spend my money that much. We'll see. I'll definitely get a bigger car…just one that I can fit in comfortably. I'll look around and find something. I haven't really set my mind on it. That will be my biggest purchase for sure. Other than that, I don't really need anything. I'm pretty simple.”
DRAFT DAY
I returned home [South Kingstown, RI] last Friday and have been relaxing and unwinding but still keeping up with my workouts at the gym. It has been nice to catch up with my friends and family, but it is tough to pass so much time when you're just waiting for one day and one big moment. It's finally here.
I've been speaking to the Gators coaching staff a bit. I talked to Coach [Matt] McCall today [Wednesday] on the phone. I'm texting with Coach Donovan every couple of days, seeing how Team USA is going and making sure Michael Frazier is doing well. I've been talking to Frazier a little bit, too, texting him. I also speak with Coach [John] Pelphrey on the phone every week or two. Everybody is busy, on the road recruiting or at school running practice, but it's nice that they're checking up on me.
For the draft, there will be a bunch of us at my house watching it. My family – my brothers, mom and dad – and a couple close friends will also be there. [Rising junior walk-on guard] Jacob Kurtz, [former team manager] Josh Adel and our assistant video coordinator at Florida right now will all be there watching at my house.
Hopefully I get my name called. After that, we have plans at a restaurant in town. We'll go there and have a little get-together with some more friends – not a party or anything – just a get-together, low key. That's about it. I have to fly out the next morning, if I get picked, for media day and stuff like that. I won't be out too late or anything.
If I don't get called – something I'm prepared for because things are still up in the air – I'll stay home with my family and friends and see what happens the next couple of days.
I've been speaking with my agent, Andy Miller, on a daily basis. They think that I'm going to get drafted, but they don't know exactly where right now. They have cautioned me that it could not happen because things are very fluid.
He'll probably have a better feeling for it closer to the draft starting. Everything is kind of up in the air, and I'm definitely anxious but still excited.
I'm not overly concerned with finding out too much information before the draft. Whatever happens, happens. Getting drafted would be the best, but I'll make it work no matter what goes down. If it happens, great. If it doesn't, it will play out somehow. I'll either sign with a team or go play overseas. I just want to keep playing. It has been a great experience so far, and I'm sure it will be going forward.
With my dad [five-year NBA veteran Jay Murphy, who also spent seven years in Europe] and their experiences, their advice has really helped keep me level. I hope to have a long career wherever I wind up, and I'm just excited to get started.
Go Gators,
Homemade vegan cilantro pesto made with fresh cilantro and sunflower seeds. This pesto comes together in under 15 minutes and is the perfect topping for potatoes or pasta (Version 2)
Cilantro is one of the herbs that people either LOVE unconditionally or one that people HATE with a passion!
So, are you in team LOVE cilantro or team HATE cilantro?
When it comes to cilantro, there is no middle ground. No compromise, no “meet me half way” and no “I like it a little bit”
There is a science as to why some can't stand the taste of cilantro. It tastes like soap to some people and the reason is because they are genetically predisposed to hate cilantro.
I am one of those in the LOVE cilantro camp. It is so common in Indian food and not just for garnish. If you have tasted green chutneys at Indian restaurants, they are made using cilantro
If you are looking for a quick pesto recipe, this vegan cilantro pesto is going to be exactly what you need. I added toasted sunflower seeds for a little nutty flavor.
To keep from adding too much oil to this pesto, I added a little chickpea water. The water is the liquid you find in cans of chick peas. There are so many wonderful uses for it because it is a terrific Egg substitute.
This vegan cilantro pesto is also a great way to preserve cilantro. I can't tell you how many times I have bought cilantro only to see it wilt away. Lately, I have been on a “preserve herbs” kick like my basil butter recipe. Next, I want to try preserving parsley.
Now, I just make the pesto and store it in ice cube trays. When I am ready to use, I just pop about 2-3 ice cubes into a recipe like this roasted potato recipe.
If you are a fan of different pesto varieties, then I think you will like my Arugula pesto spread, tomato pesto or Vegan Pesto with scallions
In what recipe do you plan to use this cilantro pesto?
Vegan Cilantro Pesto
Cilantro Pesto Sauce Homemade vegan cilantro pesto made with fresh cilantro and sunflower seeds 5 from 2 votes Print Pin Total Time: 15 minutes Servings: 2 cups Calories: 377 kcal Author: Healing Tomato Ingredients 3 bunches Cilantro discard stems
1/4 cup sunflower seeds shelled
2 Tbsp chick peas Skin removed
2 tsp chick peas liquid
1.5 tsp salt
2 tsp whole peppercorns
2 tsp lemon juice (or to taste)
1 Jalapeno
1/4 cup water
1/4 cup Extra Virgin Olive Oil Instructions In a medium pan, roast the sunflower seeds for about 1min until evenly brown
Wash the cilantro thoroughly then put into a food processor
Add the roasted sunflower seeds
Fill the processor with the remaining ingredients
Process on medium speed until everything is well blended.
Remove and serve
Store the vegan cilantro pesto in glass bottles and refrigerate. Serve with pasta or potatoes
To freeze, fill up ice cube tray with the pesto sauce and refrigerate for 8hrs
Remove the cubes and transfer to a Ziploc bag.
Mark the date on the bag and refrigerate for up to 6 months.
Notes Pesto will be good for about 2 weeks when refrigerated or for up to 6 months when stored in the freezer Nutrition Calories: 377 kcal | Carbohydrates: 11 g | Protein: 5 g | Fat: 36 g | Saturated Fat: 4 g | Sodium: 1755 mg | Potassium: 272 mg | Fiber: 4 g | Sugar: 1 g | vitamin A: 17.7 % | vitamin C: 16.3 % | Calcium: 4.8 % | Iron: 11.7 % Tried this recipe? Follow me @healingtomato1 and mention #healingtomato1
MORE FROM HEALINGTOMATO
Ed Chester, of Otterton Mill, near Budleigh Salterton, Devon, said squirrel meat is delicious and is also selling pates and fricassees made from the rodents.
They believe the spread of grey squirrels has damaged the English countryside and that eating them can help control their numbers.
"Some people will turn their noses up but one of the things I am committed to is education. I am never going to put anything horrible on the menu. Squirrel is great meat. It is genuinely good and this is not a gimmick," they added.
Earlier this month the campaign to save red squirrels from extinction was lifted by the discovery that some of the animals have developed immunity to the deadly squirrelpox virus.
Eight were found to have naturally developed immunity to the disease, which threatens to kill off the species in Britain by the middle of the century. The discovery was described as "the first sign of hope" for the species since it began a steep decline at the end of the 19th century.
One of the City's leading economists has said that the eurozone is a “complete disaster” and that “Britain needs to leave the EU”.
Speaking to Money Week about their new book, The Trouble With Europe, which they say they wrote to get their thinking straight on Europe, Roger Bootle, founder of Capital Economics has said that a Brexit would be good for the UK economy.
“I think the eurozone is a complete disaster and I'm not a Johnny-come-lately on this subject I was saying it right from the beginning,” they said.
“The problem is really two-fold: firstly, you've got these countries on the southern periphery: Greece, of course, the most intense example, but also Italy, Spain and Portugal, which are uncompetitive.
“But the second aspect which is not fully appreciated, and it is, I think, at least as important, and that is the tendency for Germany and The Netherlands and some other countries, but mainly those two, to do too much saving. They run their policies too tightly.
“What the euro has done is it's locked together these two groups of countries that behave fundamentally differently. In the old days the exchange rate acted as a flex, a hinge, enabling those two sorts of countries to work together. Without out it well you've got this ghastly stagnation.”
Bootle admitted that they have always been eurosceptic, but said that it was not until they sat down and started writing the book that they fully weighed up the costs and benefits of being in the EU. At the moment, they said, there “are so many studies of the issue that show actually the net balance of advantages and disadvantages is fairly small.”
But as the EU becomes more sclerotic thanks to the weight of regulation, Bootle said it woud become increasingly advantageous for Britain to leave the bloc and make its own way in the world.
“Probably in the long term [the economic costs are] not marginal. I think it could then be significant, because I see Europe going largely the wrong way: over-regulation, over-integration.
“I think the costs of that are going to grow over time; and similarly, Europe is fading in relative importance in the world. I think if Britain were outside the European Union it could take another direction. It could deregulate quite a lot, and, I think, bring quite a lot of advantages.
“So, I think it's complex. Short-term: disruption, difficult. Medium-term, however long that is, I think the net balance is fairly marginal. Looking out longer-term, it could be substantially positive to be out.”
Responding to questions over whether an independent Britain would have to enact EU regulations anyway in order to maintain trade agreements with the EU, Bootle responded: “This is a tricky issue. I think one of the most important points in the case against staying in is that yes we have to have certain regulations in place if we're trading with Europe but if we weren't in the EU we'd only have to have those in place in those industries and businesses which were exporting to the EU.
“Of course, that's a tiny minority in relation to the system as a whole. If you're in the EU then you have to impose those regulations across the whole economy. So, little sandwich sellers in Dagenham have to comply with the regulations about working hours and all these other things, whereas if we weren't in the EU that wouldn't apply.”
Bootle's comments come as the British Eurosceptic campaigns gear up for a referendum fight, following the Conservative's victory in last week's general election. Prior to the election Prime Minister David Cameron had vowed to hold an in-out referendum on the back of treaty renegotiations by 2017, although reports this week suggest that a vote could come as early as next year.
Rory Broomfield, director of the Better Off Out campaign for British independence said “Regardless of the recent General Election result in the UK, it is clear that the EU will still expand, with or without the United Kingdom. If the British public do get a chance to vote on whether they stay in or leave the EU, they need to recognise this.
“It should be noted that, despite all the scaremongering, the UK is the fifth largest economy in the world, with global connections and the ability to not just survive but thrive in the world outside the EU. The UK has everything that could allow it to act as an independent, globally oriented country.
“As a result, the UK should think again at tying itself to EU membership. We will be increasingly held back and undermined by the increases in the EU's scope over the next few years and beyond. There is opportunity out there: we just need to decide whether we want to be part of it.”
An Internet petition to appoint Odessa Governor Mikheil Saakashvili as Ukrainian prime minister attracted over 26,000 signatures and will be considered by President Petro Poroshenko.
© AFP 2018 / VASILY MAXIMOV Now They Bite Each Other: Ukraine's Saakashvili, Kolomoisky Make Public Squabble
Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko will now have to consider a petition to appoint Odessa Governor Mikheil Saakashvili as country's prime minister after the document was signed by over 26,000 people, the Ukrainian TV channel 112.ua reported.
The petition was published on the official website of Poroshenko's office.
According to the rules, the president has to begin considering the petition within three days. Then, after no later than 10 days, the results have to be made public.
The petition was submitted to the website on September 1. It needed 25,000 signatures to be considered.
Earlier, Saakashvili said they would not consider themselves for the role of Ukraine's prime minister.
According to the website, Ukrainian residents can send online petitions to the President. An Internet petition is considered if it attracts at least 25,000 signatures within three months or less.
Previously, petitions submitted via the presidential administration site never had attracted the needed number of signatures.
If an Internet petition is considered reasonable its provisions may be implemented by the president. The president can submit to the parliament bills aimed at tackling the issues raised in the document.
Last week, a scandal sparked between current Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk and Saakashvili. Sakashvili blamed Yatsenyuk for delaying reforms and supporting oligarchs' interests. Yatsenyuk in turn rebuffed the allegations calling them groundless and false.
There are a lot of words you could use to describe Tesla chairperson (and co-founder of PayPal and SpaceX) Elon Musk: Entrepreneur. Risk-taker. Bejillionaire. Icarus-in-training. I could go on.
If an article in the February issue of GQ is to be believed, the South African-born Musk is all those things and more. Most importantly, they are driven, they are young, they are knowledgeable (at least when it comes to math and science), and they are just a tiny bit crazy. Well, maybe more than a tiny bit.
 They are also, as most people of their type are, fairly self-aggrandizing:
“We're all focused on our little things that are of concern to humanity itself. People think of curing AIDS or cancer as being very important, and they are—within the context of humanity. But curing all forms of cancer would improve the average life span by only two to three years. That's it.” In other words, while eradicating disease is a worthy pursuit, and would extend the lives of individual human beings, my life's work is extending the life span of life itself.
But then, you don't really get VC's attention by humbly disappearing into the background, now do you?
Before you click through to that rather lengthy piece, here's a (poorly encoded) clip of Musk in a recent appearance on CNBC, where they basically say, "No, no, Tesla's totally fine. We don't need any bailout support. Well, not really. But it wouldn't hurt."
[via BoingBoing]
Christopher Drew had every intention of getting arrested. The 59-year-old artist and executive director of the Uptown Multi-Cultural Art Center in Chicago set about their city earlier this month in a red poncho and a sign that read "Art for Sale: $1." It was a protest against Chicago's law on unlicensed peddling, which Drew believes puts up unconstitutional barriers preventing artists from selling their work.
The artist was confronted by Chicago police and arrested on December 3. Because they recorded the entire incident, on the understandable assumption that the reasons the officers gave for arresting them may prove useful to their follow-up lawsuit, Drew was also charged with "felony eavesdropping."
Generally speaking, it's not a crime to record an on-duty police officer in a public space. In fact, with just a few exceptions (mostly limited to military installations and nuclear energy facilities), you can photograph and/or record anything and anyone in a public space. But there are still too many stories of people being arrested, intimidated, or detained for turning their lenses on cops. (See Carlos Miller's excellent blog Photography Is Not a Crime for a litany of examples.) It happened last week in West Virginia, where award-winning photojournalist Scott Rensenberger was arrested after attempting to photograph a police officer in a Charleston mall.
You can certainly understand why someone would want to get a planned interaction with Chicago police on tape. In the last few years, the department has been hit with scandals of egregious police misconduct that, had they not been captured on tape, likely would either never have been investigated, or the investigation wouldn't have been based on what actually happened.
The most famous incident was footage of an off-duty cop viciously beating a female bartender who refused to continue serving them in 2007. They aren't even charged until three months later, after the surveillance video surfaced on the Internet, generating worldwide outrage. There are other examples: six cops beating two men in a bar brawl; a video of a fatal police shooting in a subway station where officer accounts of the incident don't match the video footage. The department also recently disciplined two officers after a video showed up on the Internet showing a Chicago PD unit posing for a trophy photo with a protester they had apprehended earlier this year at the G20 summit in Pittsburgh.
This is a police department still under federal investigation for an officer-run torture ring in the 1980s and, more recently, for a major scandal in which officers in the department's Special Operations Unit—alleged to be made up of the city's most elite and trusted cops—have been convicted of a variety of crimes, including home robberies, theft, physical abuse and intimidation, and even planning a murder. The "best of the best" unit was disbanded last year.
A 2008 study by University of Chicago law professor Craig B. Futterman found 10,000 complaints filed against Chicago police officers between 2002 and 2004. That's more than any city in the country, and proportionally it's 40 percent above the national average. Of those 10,000 complaints, just 19 resulted in significant disciplinary action. In 85 percent of the cases, the complaint was dismissed without even interviewing the accused officer. The study also found that about 5 percent of the department's 13,500 officers accounted for more than half the complaints.
Yet the Chicago PD recently went to federal court—and won—to prevent the release of the names of 662 officers who had more than 10 citizen complaints filed against them between 2001 and 2006. Even members of the city's Board of Aldermen aren't allowed to see the officers' names.
Now, the police department is working to become even less accountable. Last October, a study from the Chicago Justice Project found that on those rare occasions when Chicago police brass want to fire an officer, the Chicago Police Board—the agency that oversees the department—nearly always overrules them. On the very same day that study was released, the department announced a new policy whereby it would reserve the option to file criminal charges against citizens who file police misconduct reports deemed to be without merit. I'm sure false misconduct reports are common, and likely a bureaucratic hassle. But you can't start charging citizens who claim to have been mistreated by police with crimes because a department that has shown it isn't capable of investigating and policing itself has decided, unsurprisingly, that once again its officers did nothing wrong. The policy will likely deter false complaints; but it will also deter legitimate ones.
I'm sure the bulk of the officers in the Chicago Police Department are professional, courteous public servants. But that doesn't let the department or the city off in its failure to discipline those who aren't. At the very least, those officials should pass a clear and unambiguous policy codifying the right of citizens like Christopher Drew to take and preserve an audio or video recording of their interactions with city police, and instructing cops that they can't interfere with that right. Chicago's political officials have shown themselves incapable of protecting the city's residents from the bad actors in its police department. The least they can do is ensure that the city's residents have the legal right to protect themselves.
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine.
Artist's illustration of a lander on the surface of Jupiter's ocean-harboring moon Europa. NASA has been developing a Europa lander concept, but President Trump's 2018 budget proposal blueprint would end that work.
The (fictional) aliens spoke, and President Donald Trump apparently listened.
The president's 2018 federal budget blueprint, which was released today (March 16), would end work on a proposed NASA mission to put a life-hunting lander down on the surface of Jupiter's ocean-harboring moon Europa.
"To preserve the balance of NASA's science portfolio and maintain flexibility to conduct missions that were determined to be more important by the science community, the Budget provides no funding for a multibillion-dollar mission to land on Europa," the blueprint reads. [Europa May Harbor Simple Life-Forms (Video)]
This directive is in keeping with the one issued by advanced aliens in famed sci-fi author Arthur C. Clarke's 1982 book "2010: Odyssey Two."
"All these worlds are yours — except Europa," the aliens say in a message sent to Earth. "Attempt no landing there."
The blueprint does fund continued development of NASA's $2 billion Europa Clipper mission, which will launch in the 2020s and investigate the habitability of the Jovian moon — widely regarded as one of the solar system's best bets to host alien life — during dozens of flybys. (The lander concept was an add-on requested by Congress in late 2015; the space agency has been working since then to determine the best way to make a surface mission happen.)
The budget blueprint also cancels NASA's Asteroid Redirect Mission, an effort to pluck a boulder off a space rock and tow the piece to lunar orbit, where it would be visited by astronauts. And the proposal axes four NASA Earth-science projects: The Plankton, Aerosol, Cloud, ocean Ecosystem (PACE) satellite, which would monitor Earth's oceans and atmosphere; the Orbiting Carbon Observatory-3 (OCO-3), which would track atmospheric carbon-dioxide levels from the International Space Station (ISS); the Climate Absolute Radiance and Refractivity Observatory (CLARREO) pathfinder, another instrument that would be installed on the ISS; and, finally, the Deep Space Climate Observatory (DSCOVR).
PACE, OCO-3 and CLARREO are all scheduled to launch in the next few years. But DSCOVR, a joint mission of NASA and the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, lifted off in February 2015 and is currently studying the Earth and space weather.
NASA receives $19.1 billion in the proposed budget, a 0.8-percent cut from 2017 funding levels, according to the federal Office of Management and Budget.
The newly released blueprint is just a proposal, and a rather skeletal one at that. (Trump administration officials said they will unveil a more fleshed-out version in May.) It's unclear at the moment which parts of the proposal will survive the inevitable back-and-forth with Congress and actually become law.
You can read the Trump administration's 2018 budget blueprint here.
Editor's Note: This story was corrected to state that the Europa message was in Arthur C. Clarke's novel "2010: Odyssey Two," not "2061: Odyssey Three."
Follow Mike Wall on Twitter @michaeldwall and Google+. Follow us @Spacedotcom, Facebook or Google+. Originally published on Space.com.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Stephen Colbert's wife of two decades, Evelyn McGee-Colbert, once told Oprah they didn't like their TV alter-ego—someone they call “that other guy.” In this video, as they offer advice to teenage girls wearing a plaid button-down and thick-framed hipster glasses, he's definitely left the other guy behind.
When Loretta, 14, asks why some guys are jerks, they say to confront them (they may just be trying, badly, to get them attention), but also:
For this kind of thing to stop, boys have to be educated. Does our society educate boys to be misogynistic? It probably doesn't value girls and women as much as it should, and boys probably see that as a signal that they can get away with things like devaluing women.
For Maria, 19, who asks how you can tell when someone likes you, they end up defining love: when someone thinks “your happiness is more important than their happiness.” And cookies. “Cookies are also a really good sign that somebody likes you.”
The video is part of the girl-positive Rookie Magazine‘s series “Ask a Grown Man.” Earlier last year, Rookie's fashionista founder, then 16-year-old Tavi Gevinson, was the youngest person ever to appear on The Colbert Report, where they gave the self-proclaimed “pear-shaped” Colbert style suggestions and called them a “Cool Dad” (capitals hers).
At the time, Colbert—a father of three, including 18-year-old Madeleine—wasn't thinking of dispensing sage advice for Rookie. Instead they proposed a dad-inspired magazine project in which they would veto pictures of teen girls' skin-baring outfits in a column called “You're Not Wearing That.”
The Avengers part 1
In the coming weeks, there will be much discussion of what the “best screenplay” of 2012 is. The Avengers will probably be absent from that discussion. That's a shame, because the screenplay for The Avengers is a startling model of precision, density and propulsive narrative. It manages to balance no fewer than ten wildly disparate main characters in its ensemble cast, but gives each of them weight, clarity and purpose. Dear readers, I've worked on many a comic-book movie, none of which ever got near production. Getting one superhero narrative to work is damn near impossible; The Avengers has a screenplay that soars with seven.
What's that blue cube in the picture up above? That's the Tesseract. What is the Tesseract? Well, assuming the viewer has not seen Thor or Captain America, the answer is “Who knows?” But the Tesseract is the very first thing mentioned in The Avengers. It is, of course, the Maguffin of the narrative, the object around which the narrative revolves. That it has been mentioned in previous movies doesn't matter. In a lot of ways, and this is an important concept, what the Maguffin of any narrative is doesn't matter. It is “an object of consequence,” and that's all you need to know.
A deep voice intones: “The Tesseract has awakened.” What does that mean? Again, who knows? What's important is that there is an object called The Tesseract, and it has awakened, and, based on the seriousness of the voice-over, The Awakening of The Tesseract is a grave event indeed.
Okay, now who's this guy, and where is he? Are they the guy talking? Who, or what, is they talking to? Like the Tesseract, it's not so important that we “know,” only that we sense the scale and importance of events. The guy on the weird platform talking to the celestial jukebox in the middle of outer space is swaddled in gigantic robes and is talking about Earth in alien terms in a deep, troubled voice to someone or something that is more powerful than they are. What we know now is that The Tesseract, whatever it is, has awakened, on Earth, and that that is a matter of concern to Mr. Bigrobe here, and to their boss on the other end of whatever this device is Mr. Bigrobe is talking into.
Mr. Bigrobe mentions that the Tesseract is on Earth and that they are sending an “ally” to go fetch it from the humans who possess it. We then get a quick shot of Bigrobe handing some sort of glowing sceptre to this ally. So we have a chain of command in just a few short seconds: there is a mysterious “boss” somewhere, who Mr. Bigrobe reports to, and Mr. Bigrobe, for some reason, can't go to Earth to get this all-important Tessaract himself, so they are sending an “ally.” The ally, we then learn, is not traveling to Earth alone. No, at some point in their task he's going to be joined by an army of creepy-looking aliens called The Chitauri. The Ally is going to get the Tesseract, and for this they will be granted the Earth to rule, and the rest of the universe will fall under the control of this mysterious boss.
The movie is less than a minute old, and that's already a ton of narrative to digest. Too much, probably. Too much, definitely. No one could make any clear sense of what they've just been told. So what have we really been told? What we've been told, really, is that Big Doings Are Afoot, that forces beyond human comprehension are conspiring against us, and that humanity will, no doubt, be wiped out.
In short, what we now have is “stakes.” Stakes are what give a narrative, or a scene, weight and import and volition. The Avengers are a maelstrom of stakes.
For months it seemed like a quick joke, but now it's concrete. Well, putty, anyway. Hard-chargin' Satanists have a mockup of a monument to the dark lord (and two rapt kids) that they plan to display in front of the Oklahoma statehouse. And other than being evil, it's pretty boss.
The (New York-based) "Satanic Temple" started a campaign to build a statue of the hoary host of the underworld last January, two years after a legislator bought a Ten Commandments monument and had it installed on the green outside the Capitol. The Satanists' efforts went viral, and they ended up with nearly $30,000 in donations.
According to Jonathan Smith at VICE, that was enough to hire a classically trained sculptor, who's about finished with the full-size mold he'll use to cast Baphomet in bronze. The concept is to keep the mold handy "so they can pop these things out like evil, terribly expensive action figures whenever they need a new one," Smith writes.
They got a sneak preview of the mockup and—well, look for yourself:
Smith has a few more pics and significantly more background. The whole legal plan to install Satan in Oklahoma City is stalled at the moment; the state stopped processing license applications for new statehouse displays after the Satanists got their publicity, and an ACLU lawsuit on their behalf is pending. But the group says they'll put the monument up with or without permission because, hey, Satanists.
[H/t VICE]
Dan “Big Cat'' Katz and PFT Commenter, cohosts of the irreverent and massively successful “Pardon My Take'' podcast, used their show Wednesday to discuss a tumultuous week in which their ESPN2 program “Barstool Van Talk'' was canceled after just one episode.
It was a compelling listen. And it left me wishing for something that is never going to happen — a similarly candid explanation from ESPN management regarding the honest reason it bailed out so suddenly on a partnership that, controversy aside, made a lot of sense.
I recognize that first paragraph could be bewildering (“Barstool Van Talk''? PFT Commenter? Huh? What?) if you're unfamiliar with the Barstool Sports website and this saga. So here's the condensed version of the backstory:
Advertisement
Barstool Sports is a website founder Dave Portnoy built gradually over more than a decade that catered to the basic and often immature whims of the male 18-34 demographic. It's often downright clever. It's also crude and sophomoric, and in its earlier days was jarringly misogynistic.
Portnoy built the Barstool ethos into a brand, and in January 2016 hit the jackpot when they sold 51 percent to the Chernin Group for more than $10 million. Portnoy remained in charge of content and the generally humorous tone of the site did not change.
But the deal positioned Barstool to become more mainstream. It developed a broader reach across media under CEO Erika Nardini. A Barstool special had a four-episode run on Comedy Central in February, and Katz and PFT Commenter have emerged as breakout stars. Their podcast is usually No. 1 in the sports genre on iTunes.
The “Pardon My Take'' hosts, who are genuinely funny and talented satirists, began building a mutually beneficial relationship with certain ESPN personalities, including Scott Van Pelt, Ryen Russillo, and Rachel Nichols. Katz and PFT Commenter appeared on ESPN programming, while ESPN personalities guested on their podcast.
In March, according to Katz, ESPN approached Nardini about the possibility of a “PMT'' television show. In negotiations with ESPN, Portnoy fought to keep the Barstool branding on the show, rather than calling it “Pardon My Take.'' ESPN conceded, the deal was made, and “Barstool Van Talk'' (the duo interview their guest in a van), and it seemed a deal with mutual benefits had been struck.
Advertisement
“It was a pretty cool thing to have this opportunity come to you where ESPN's like, ‘Hey, we want you to do a television show,' '' said PFT Commenter on the podcast. “Sounds like a good opportunity to branch out a little and try something fun. As the summer went on, things got closer to actually happening. In the last two weeks or so, the name change got suggested from ‘Pardon My Take' to ‘Barstool Van Talk.' I'll be honest, I was against the name change. I thought ‘Pardon My Take' made sense from a branding standpoint from what we've built right here to bring our audience over to television. I thought it made all the sense in the world to keep the show's name as ‘Pardon My Take.' Dave [Portnoy] felt otherwise.''
Buy Tickets
Before “Barstool Van Talk'' debuted Oct. 17, Barstool's past got in its way. ESPN's “Sunday NFL Countdown'' host Samantha Ponder tweeted their disappointment with the network's decision to partner with Barstool. They cited an example when Portnoy (initially they thought it was Katz) called them a slut on a video segment on the site. Portnoy responded by unearthing some regrettable tweets of Ponder's through the years.
“The timing on Sam Ponder's tweet, the grudge that they kept — they had every right to be upset — but it was clear that it was put out there to undermine and cancel this show,'' said Katz on the podcast.
According to sources, there was significant backlash within ESPN walls among high-profile employees both female and male to the Barstool partnership. Ponder's tweets and Portnoy's defiant response only fueled the fire. The day before the second episode was to air, ESPN president John Skipper announced in a terse statement that the show had been canceled.
Advertisement
“I think it was [expletive] because they put us on and took us off. They should have never put us on the air,'' said Katz. “It was mismanaged from the beginning.''
This is where it gets disingenuous, where any clear-eyed observer is left to wonder what the decision-making process was at ESPN. Skipper said in the statement that ESPN realized it couldn't distance itself from Barstool's brand, suggesting that it hadn't done its due diligence on Barstool's background.
A very willing suspension of disbelief is required to buy that. Barstool has become a huge brand in the demographic ESPN covets. Barstool has expanded with great savvy since the Chernin Group's investment, but it's not as if the site was low-profile before. ESPN knew exactly what it was getting into and who it was dealing with.
The strong suspicion here — and it is one that also exists among some employees at ESPN headquarters in Bristol — is that ESPN management was well aware of Barstool's history with some of its employees and forged ahead anyway. The belief is that when ESPN's parent company, Disney, became fully aware of Barstool's background, that's when it all fell apart. The company of Snow White apparently does not tolerate “Grading The Newest Sex-Scandal Teacher'' blog posts.
In the end, if this is the end, both sides look bad, though ESPN gets it worse. It's quest — desperation, really, in the age of the cord-cutter — to attract a younger demographic backfired embarrassingly. Barstool has to wonder whether its crude past is going to be a barrier to further growth into the mainstream, though perhaps it will find other willing partners. After all, “Barstool Van Talk'' may have aired just once, but it's already better than anything Fox Sports 1 has for programming.
They presided during the collapse of the investment banking system and the biggest Ponzi scheme in history, but according to head of the Securities and Exchange Commission, Christopher Cox, none of that was their fault.
In an interview with the Washington Post, Cox â Wall Streetâs principal regulator â proffered a list of explanations for their actions and inaction.
On the failures of Lehman Brothers and Bear Stearns, Cox told the Post the SECâs job was not to prevent investment banks from collapsing, "but rather [to shelter] their securities trading units from problems in the broader corporation."
Of course, when the entire bank sinks, the securities desk goes, too.
As to how their agency missed Bernard Madoffâs giant Ponzi scheme, despite numerous warnings and aborted investigations, Cox claimed that "concerns about Madoff's activities were never presented to the commissioners," according to the Post.
The agency is now investigating itself to figure out how it managed to miss the red flags that led many bankers and investors to steer clear of Madoff.
The Post details how Cox took a machete to the agencyâs enforcement division â cutting staff, axing whole offices and hacking back at the fines imposed on Wall Streeters for violating SEC rules.
Yet Cox remains steadfast in their defense. Hereâs how the Post put it:
When Cox was asked whether they should be blamed for a culture of lax enforcement that allowed multiple warnings about the fraud to go undetected, they said: "Absolutely not. In fact, it's in the DNA here that people thrive on bringing big cases."
The Post points out that Cox was mostly sidelined as Treasury Secretary Hank Paulson and Federal Reserve chief Ben Bernanke shaped the financial rescue. While they pushed for their version of the bailout, Cox was seen as a "nonplayer" sitting on the "sidelines," according to the Post.
Cox concedes that they bent to "intense pressure" imposed by Paulson and Bernanke to ban short selling for three weeks in September. They try to put a different gloss on their failure to act on the other big problems, or to act more forcefully during the financial implosion:
"What we have done in this current turmoil is stayed calm, which has been our greatest contribution â not being impulsive, not changing the rules willy-nilly, but going through a very professional and orderly process that takes into account unintended consequences and gives ample notice to market participants."
Cox calls that a "signal achievement for the SEC."
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump says they would change the tax laws to force people who work at hedge funds to pay more in taxes, because "the hedge fund guys are getting away with murder."
In an interview with Time Magazine published last week, Trump said they might want to "switch taxes around" because "I have hedge fund guys that are making a lot of money that aren't paying anything." They confirmed on CBS' "Face the Nation" Sunday that they would change the tax system to force those who work for hedge funds to pay more.
"They're paying nothing and it's ridiculous. I want to save the middle class," Trump said. "The hedge fund guys didn't build this country. These are guys that shift paper around and they get lucky."
Hedge fund managers often pay the capital gains tax rate rather than income tax. The top rate on capital gains is 20 percent, which is significantly less than the top tax bracket on regular income, which is 39.6 percent.
Trump indicated that they would carry out this plan regardless of their relationship with hedge fund managers.
"Some of them are friends of mine, some of them I couldn't care less about. It's the wrong thing," they said. They added that they want to lower rates for the middle class.
Trump: I will take both big and small campaign contributions
Trump also suggested they are shifting on the idea of whether campaign donations are a good idea. The billionaire has pledged to self-finance their campaign and said that fellow candidates Jeb Bush and Hillary Clinton will be controlled by their high-dollar donors.
"I don't want lobbyists, I don't want special interests, but certainly people -- we have a lot of money coming in," Trump said. "I would even take big contributors as long as they don't expect anything because the only people that can expect something from me is going to be the people that want to see our country be great again."
Jeb Bush: The Trump alternative?
"I actually like the idea of investing in a campaign, but it has to be no strings attached,. I don't want any strings attached," Trump said. They said they turned down a $5 million dollar donation from a lobbyist last week because they believed the lobbyist would come back in a year or two seeking something for one of their clients.
Trump also elaborated on the immigration plan they released last week. They brushed off criticism that their plan to deport all undocumented immigrants is very expensive, and reiterated that, "the good people are going to be expedited to come back."
Trump on undocumented workers: “Good people” will be invited back into U.S.
Cruz vs. Trump: Who wins the immigration headliner?
They said that the border wall they will build will have "a very big, very beautiful door because we want the legals to come back to this country," including people who had worked in the U.S. for a long time and had "recommendations" and also foreigners who attend college in the U.S. but often can't stay after they receive their education.
Asked whether their plan to expedite the return of the "good people" constituted a reward to people who had jumped the line to come legally, Trump said, "You could say that."
"But we have a lot of good people who have been here, they've done a good job. It's a tough situation but they've lived here sometimes for 10, 15, 20 years," they said. "We have to get them back. We have to get them back where they came from and the good ones we will expedite, we will work to expedite and you know what it's called? It's called management. Right now we have political hacks running the system we have people that have no clue how to manage things. With good management we can do this very, very well."
Anti-gun cities, where the rich pay for protection while the poor pay with their lives
The story in New York City is one often told. While about 8 million souls reside in the city only a scant proportion (.00375%) are allowed to carry a gun for their own protection. And with the steep, non-refundable application fee many people just cannot afford to even try for the likelihood of getting turned down and losing nearly $500.
But the rich, famous, and connected have no issues footing that bill and getting a CCW issued to them. Yet for every Jon Lennon there are THOUSANDS of John Q Publics murdered because they have had their constitutional rights denied them, not to mention the tens of thousands raped, robbed or beaten.
Even if the privileged few didn't feel like getting a gun and CCW, like say hypocrite Rosie O'Donnell, you can just pay armed guards to protect you and your family.
It's a nice option, but one the vast majority of American's cannot afford.
But New York City is not the only place where the infringement of the 2nd Amendment finds the well to do buying armed security while the less well off are forced to fend off the wolves unarmed.
In Oakland California, where crime rages in the gun control environment forced upon the state by the brain trust in Sacramento, people are also paying for armed security. That is nice if you are rich enough to afford it, or live in a neighborhood affluent enough to have the disposable income in order to share the bill.
For the people who live in a neighborhood that cannot or just won't pay for private armed security the options are limited due to the fact that getting a ccw in Oakland is almost as difficult as getting one in New York.
In Baltimore, Maryland, they even have separate neighborhoods that pay higher tax rates in order to pay for Private Security. Though I can assure you those higher tax neighborhoods aren't in poor neighborhoods. Once again, the people with money pay for security while the right to defend oneself is denied to those who cannot afford it.
To put it succinctly, the right to defend yourself should NOT be dependent on how much money you have.
Yet in places where the issuing body has discretion on which citizens can carry a firearm which cannot you end up with 2 America's.
“May Issue” is more arbitrary than Jim Crow era voting laws ever were. At least Jim Crow put obstacles that could be overcome (literacy test, poll tax, etc.). “May Issue” is just simply saying “no, you cannot exercise that right because I say so”.
Rights that can be denied on a whim is not what the founders fought for. This country is one of liberty and liberty should never be stripped due to one persons discretion.
Tachyon Publications has a new anthology out called The Secret History of Science Fiction. It centers around a subject that has sparked countless debates and rants among Science Fiction fans. And no, it's not River Tam vs. James T. Kirk.
Editors James Patrick Kelly and John Kessel have collected these nineteen stories to explore the supposed divide between mainstream literature and speculative fiction. They've written an eye-opening and informative introduction as well as compiled dozens of quotes by the individual authors on the subject of Sci-Fi vs. Literary Fiction or"Li-Fi"*. Writers and fans in the field have long complained of being marginalized by the general public and even more so by the literary elite. How did this happen and who's to blame? Does it even freakin' matter any more?
Advertisement
Before Hugo Gernsback there was no separate science fiction genre (or "scientificton" as Gernsback called it, Forrest Ackerman popularized the current two-word term). Writers from Mary Shelly, Hawthorne, Melville, Poe, and Twain used themes of the fantastic in their works that are still considered classics of Literature today. Jules Verne and H.G. Wells explored advancements in contemporary science and technology and were lauded by audiences around the globe inspiring millions.
As Gernsback and later, John W. Campbell and others codified early science fiction traditions they were deeply mired in the pulp magazine traditions. Fun stuff to be sure, but the gee-whiz boys' adventure stuff was very lacking in well-rounded characters and well-crafted plotting. It has been pointed out recently that even notable award winners of the 1950s weren't really turning out timeless prose. Let's face it, the SF Ghetto was constructed from the inside out and zealously maintained from within.
Advertisement
Around 1970 followers of the New Wave movement like Moorcock, Aldiss, and Disch tried busting out of the ghetto but could never find a large enough audience. An incursion in the other direction occurred in 1973 when Gravity's Rainbow by Thomas Pynchon was shortlisted for the Nebula for Best Novel. It lost to Rendezvous with Rama which, with all due respect to Sir Arthur C. Clarke, is a novel with some cool science and a great setting where not much actually happens. In a 1998 Village Voice essay Jonathan Lethem called this moment "a tombstone marking the death of the hope that science fiction was about to merge with the mainstream". Really? Maybe it was just too soon. In the decades since Lethem made that morbid observation popular culture has become very accepting, if not downright starved for science fiction and its fantastical siblings. Granted, much of that is re-hashing Space Opera pastiches from the 50s or teen vampire fluff, but science fiction prose continues to grow, mature, and inspire. Besides, I really can't imagine Pynchon as a Guest of Honor at a big convention. Although they would probably like filking.
To me these concerns over genre distinctions are silly but will probably never go away. Booksellers and librarians will still need some classifications so that they can direct you to the right shelf. There will always be a handful of literary elitists in pooh-poohing our favorite books as escapist drek. And deep within the bowels of SF fandom, grumbles will continue about certain writers abandoning the field for snootier credentials (O hai Mr. Vonnegut & Ms. Atwood!). Or even worse, Outsiders coming in to completely destroy all their precious memories of Astro-King vs. the Bimborgs of Pluto (admit it, a remake of that would totally rock.). The thing to remember is that the distinctions between types of literature are not walls with razorwire to be patrolled. They are shifting vague zones— grey areas, if you will.
The Secret History of Science Fiction is all about authors mixing it up, exploring, Boldly Going where they like and never sacrificing quality. These stories are good enough to make The New Yorker's Eustace Tilley pop their cartoon monocle. You'll get profound and often disturbing looks at the human psyche and what we do to each other. The effects of science and technology upon society are also explored in this volume by writers who really know science fiction, not just slumming. Instead of quick summaries of these worthy reads I'm going to close with a few quotes by the authors about this whole imaginary divide of imaginations.
Advertisement
Gene Wolfe:
What we now normally consider the mainstream – so-called realistic fiction – is a small literary genre, fairly recent in origin, which is likely to be relatively short lived.... It's a matter of whether you're content to focus on everyday events or whether you want to try to encompass the entire universe. F you ga back to the literature written in ancient Greece or Rome, or during the Middle Ages and much of the Renaissance, you'll see writers trying to write not just about everything that exists but about everything that could exist.
Connie Willis:
The thing I have always liked best about science fiction is that it defies definition.
It keeps constantly reinventing itself – and just when you thought stories about robots or time travel or first contact had been done to death, it thinks of some brand-new story to tell.
Advertisement
T.C. Boyle:
I've thought about the domination of the literary arts by theory over the last 25 years — which I detest – and it's as if you have to be a critic to mediate between the author and the reader and that's utter crap. Literature can be great in all ways, but it's just entertainment like rock'n'roll or a film. It is entertainment. If it doesn't capture you on that level, as entertainment, movement of plot, then it doesn't work. Nothing will come out of it. The beauty of the language, the characterization, the structure, all that's irrelevant if you're not getting the reader on that level – moving a story. If that's friendly to readers, I cop to it.
Ursula K. Le Guin:
It seems to me that SF is standing, these days, in a doorway. The door is open, wide open. Are we just going to stand there, waiting for the applause of the multitudes? It won't come; we haven't earned it yet. Are we going to cringe back into the safe old ghetto room and pretend that there isn't any big bad multitude out there? If so, our good writers will leave us in despair, and there will not be another generation of them. Or are we going to walk through that doorway and join the rest of the city? I hope so. I know we can and I hope we do, because we have a great deal to offer – to art, which needs new forms like ours, and to critics who are sick of chewing over the same old works and above all to readers of books, who want and deserve better novels than they mostly get. But it will still take not only courage for SF to join the community of literature, but strength, self-respect, the will not to settle for the second rate. It will take genuine self-criticism. And it will include genuine praise.
Advertisement
Here is the complete Table of Contents:
Introduction by James Patrick Kelly & John Kessel
"Angouleme" Thomas M. Disch
"The Ones Who Walk Away From Omelas" Ursula K. Le Guin
"Ladies and Gentlemen, This Is Your Crisis" Kate Wlihelm
"Descent of Man" T.C. Boyle
"Human Moments of World War III" Don DeLillo
"Homelanding" Margaret Atwood
"The Nine Billion Names of God" Carter Scholz
"Interlocking Pieces" Molly Gloss
"Salvador" Lucius Shepard
"Schwarzchild Radius" Connie Willis
"Buddha Nostril Bird" John Kessel
"The Ziggurat" Gene Wolfe
"The Hardened Criminals" Jonathan Lethem
"Standing Room Only" Karen Joy Fowler
"10^16 to 1" James Patrick Kelly
"93990" George Saunders
"The Martian Agent, A Planetary Romance" Michael Chabon
"Frankenstein's Daughter" Maureen F. McHugh
"The Wizard of West Orange" Steven Millhauser
*That latter term was coined by that merry prankster Orson Scott Card. Say what you will about the guy, "Li-Fi" is pretty Goddamned fucking funny.
Advertisement
The Secret History of Science Fiction may be purchased here, here, or from your local independent bookseller.
Commenter Grey_Area is known to Real Literary Critics as Chris Hsiang. They will not get off their lawns.
The move to allow e-voting by NRIs got a major push with the Modi government today submitting before the Supreme Court that the union cabinet would soon consider a draft bill in this regard before it is tabled in the parliament.
The government is also planning to extend the facility to armed forces personnel and defence personnel and their family serving away from their native place, including abroad.
'RPA TO BE AMENDED'
A bench headed by Chief Justice H L Dattu then directed the government to enable e-voting by NRIs within three months after making necessary amendments to Representation of Peoples Act 1951 which deals with elections in the country.
Lawyers representing the Centre and Election Commission sought three more months time from the court in this regard.
Once this is allowed the NRIs will not have to fly down to their hometown during the elections. Till now only a miniscule of them came to India to vote given the expense and time involved.
The government told the court that it has approved e-ballot voting for Indian passport holders abroad, recommended by the Election Commission in a report, and it would have the process in place after amending laws. According to the EC, the e-postal ballot system has almost no risk of manipulation, rigging or violation of secrecy.
It is heartening news for an estimated 25 million NRIs across the world. It is a big victory for Nagender Chindam, Chairman of the UK-based ‘Pravasi Bharat' and Shamsheer V P , an NRI from Kerala who took up the cause a year ago and knocked the doors of the apex court."This is a huge step forward for us," said Chindam reacting to the government submission.
“Voting rights cannot be denied to those who go outside for study or in search of employment. As India finds itself in the throes of a positive political transformation, 25 million NRIs could realize their dream of redefining the political landscape of the country by finally casting their ballot from wherever they are instead of physically coming to India,” says Chindam.
“We are excited after this positive outcome on this case, which could change the dynamics of Indian politics and will be historic in our largest democracy. The court order means an astonishing average of 18,000 votes per constituency may get polled from abroad. These additional votes, if polled, will obviously play a crucial role in state and general elections”, says Chindam.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
There was no sign of either Dejan Lovren or Adam Lallana as Liverpool trained at Melwood ahead of Saturday's crunch Premier League clash with Tottenham.
Croatian defender Lovren missed last weekend's defeat to Hull City with a swollen knee - but the Reds are hopeful they will be able to return to full training on Friday.
Fellow centre-back Ragnar Klavan worked away from the main group with the rehab staff after the illness which forced them to sit out the trip to the KCOM Stadium.
If Lovren misses out again then Lucas Leiva, Klavan and Joe Gomez will be competing for the right to start alongside Joel Matip on Saturday.
Lallana, meanwhile, was left out of training on Thursday as a precaution due to a tight muscle, but the Reds hope they will respond well to treatment and take their place in the side this weekend.
Should Lallana be sidelined, Daniel Sturridge could be handed a rare league start - against the side they scored twice against in the EFL Cup earlier this season.
The England striker hasn't started in the Premier League since the draw at Sunderland on January 2, when they scored.
The likes of Sadio Mane, Philippe Coutinho, Roberto Firmino and Divock Origi were also present at Thursday's session, along with youngsters Ben Woodburn, Harry Wilson and Trent Alexander-Arnold.
Question Answer Who does Ruby reference in response to Weiss' enquires about their binder? When was Grimm Eclipse released for Steam Early Access? (Full date please) Who is the only person that Yang has killed? (full name) Who are the two people involved in the ship Aces and Eights? (answer in the format x and x) What war in real life is the ship of Lancaster supposedly based on? How many times has Glynda fixed something in the school? (includes failing times) Where is Ruby and Yang's home as children? What is the first Grimm killed in the series? What is Ren's first word spoken in the series? How many swords does Penny control? How many times does Ruby try to crack the egg? What is the first piece of food thrown (read: THROWN) by team RWBY? What is the order of which both sides were taken out during the food fight? (ignore Ruby, Pyrrha and Nora) What is the nickname used by the fan artist hired for concept art on RWBY Chibi? What is the pen name of the writer of the 'acclaimed' Blood Rose fanfiction?
Question Answer 'But more than that I never thought You'd be taken away' What song is this from? What is the shortest episode of RWBY including intros and credits? (full episode name) How many episodes has Oobleck's weapon been seen? (not counting coffee cup mode) According to Death Battle, how many jetliners can Yang's semblance handle? What was the first ship to be confirmed? On what day (US time) was End of the Beginning released for the public? (full date) Which student in Beacon has a weapon that does not double up as a gun? What time do classes start in Beacon? (format: xam/pm) What was the new spoiler on the back of Barb's car? What does Neon Katt symbolize? 'I will stay with you_____' Complete the sentence How many sisters does Jaune have? Who is Ruby Rose's most popular wanted combatant for a Death Battle? Who is the first character seen in RWBY Volume 2? According to DeadAliveManiac's DeathBattle fanfiction, how fast can Ruby go with one recoil in mph?
A Baltimore City police detective was charged Thursday with lying in a search warrant affidavit to gain entry to a Canton home, then trying to obstruct an ensuing internal affairs investigation.
The raid resulting from the affidavit led to the discovery of guns and suspected drugs, police said at the time, and a 39-year-old man was arrested. But the man's lawyer says an analysis came back negative for drugs, and prosecutors were forced to drop the gun charges after the misconduct allegations arose.
Adam Lewellen, a member of the Violent Crimes Impact Section, faces charges of perjury, misconduct, obstructing and hindering, obstruction of justice and witness intimidation.
"As today's charges demonstrate yet again, we are committed to fully investigating alleged misconduct by public officials of any kind and, where appropriate, prosecuting them to the fullest extent of the law," State's Attorney Gregg L. Bernstein said in a statement.
Earlier in the day, Bernstein swore in a new police misconduct prosecutor, former state prosecutor Shelly S. Glenn. Bernstein's office has brought charges against several officers this year, including another officer accused of lying to obtain a search warrant.
The new charges say that Lewellen, 30, "willfully and falsely made an oath to a District Court judge that falsely described an alleged controlled buy by a confidential informant and an investigation into a suspect" in order to obtain a search-and-seizure warrant for a home in the 3100 block of Foster Ave. on March 22.
According to court records, Lewellen was involved in a March 27 raid at the same address, after obtaining a warrant from District Judge Shannon Avery, who has been on the bench since August 2010.
Lewellen, along with six other officers, used force to enter the home and encountered David Esteppe, who lived there, according to police records. During a search, police found a shotgun, a rifle and ammunition, and police said Esteppe waived their rights and wrote down on a piece of paper that the weapons belonged to him. Esteppe, who has a second-degree assault conviction, was prohibited from owning the weapons, and the officers also said they found a scale with suspected cocaine inside a kitchen pantry.
Esteppe was arrested, held on $25,000 bond and released that day. They were later indicted, but the charges were dropped over the summer.
John Raine III, Esteppe's attorney, said the drug charge was dropped because a chemical analysis on a kitchen scale came back negative. A paraphernalia charge based on the scale itself was also dropped.
But they declined to comment further on the case, saying Esteppe was still a client of theirs in a matter connected to the search.
"I'm really not at liberty to discuss why I think they were targeted," they said.
The misconduct charges accuse Lewellen of trying to mislead an internal affair investigator and influencing an undisclosed witness.
Lewellen served on the Fraternal Order of Police's contract negotiation team. Carlos Vila, another member of the team, was recently charged with tape-recording a conversation with a judge in violation of the state's wiretapping laws. The union president, Robert F. Cherry, did not return a request for comment, and attempts to reach Lewellen were unsuccessful.
Baltimore Sun reporter Ian Duncan contributed to this article.
jfenton@baltsun.com
A year ago, Kelcy L. Warren, the chief executive of the pipeline giant Energy Transfer Equity, cast a long shadow even among the Texas wildcatting elite, with a personal fortune estimated at more than $7 billion.
 They are $4 billion poorer today as they scramble to find a way out of a merger with the Williams Companies, a $38 billion deal that has become so acrimonious that an analyst has called it “the Cuban missile crisis of mergers.”
To date, Mr. Warren has nothing to show for their efforts but a significant decline in the value of the deal — now worth about $20 billion — as well as three lawsuits filed by Williams against their company and one filed by Williams against them personally. Now, time is running out.
Williams shareholders will vote on the merger in a week. On Monday, the two sides will meet in a Georgetown, Del., courtroom, where lawyers from Wall Street's top firms will go toe-to-toe analyzing the fine print in the 400-page merger agreement.
Head of Xbox division Phil Spencer was just featured in a big interview with Eurogamer from E3 2017. Among various topics, they took a pretty clear stab at Sony's marketing deals that purposely hold back content from other platforms, such as Destiny and its sequel for instance.
They also said that clearly, the Xbox One X is the most powerful console by quite a wide margin (making a direct comparison to PlayStation 4 Pro, obviously).
Related Devil May Cry 5 New 4K Video Compares All Console Versions
I will give you an honest answer. Xbox One X is the most powerful console ever built, and this fall it will be the most powerful console in the market. There's nothing technically that would keep any game a console game maker is building who wants to take advantage of the capability here from making Xbox One X the very best version of every one of those games. I don't know what deals get written. I've been pretty open about, I'm not a fan of doing deals that hold back specific pieces of content from other platforms. You don't see that in the deals we've done with Assassin's and Shadow. We'll have a marketing deal on those, but I don't say, hey, I need some kind of Strike or skin somebody else can't play. I don't think it's good for our industry if we got into a point where people are holding back the technical innovation of game developers based on a marketing deal. I don't know anything about what's in other people's deals. But this, clearly, from a technical perspective, is the most powerful console by quite a wide margin. So, when I stood on-stage and I said this will be the best place to play all those games, there's nothing technically that would keep any developer from not making that true.
Admittedly, that practice of holding back content such as Strikes in Destiny 2 is quite dreadful. Incidentally, last night Activision revealed the one-year timed Destiny 2 exclusive content for PlayStation 4: a competitive multiplayer map, a three-player cooperative Strike, a blue and white colored ship, legendary armor sets, and an exotic sniper rifle.
The Xbox One X will launch on November 7th for $/€ 499.
Robin Van Persie linked with shock move to Rangers
The Dutch star is determined to leave Turkey although the 32-year-old is now with Fenerbahce.
The hitman - who played in the Europa League last season against Celtic - was left from the squad for tonight's UEFA Champions League qualification while their side defeat at Monaco 2-1 at home.
That fuelled rumors that were additional that he's heading for the exit doorway after going to Turkey in July last year pursuing their departure from Man United. He's been tipped for a return to England, but bookies Sky Bet have now slashed the chances on Van Persie winding up in Glasgow.
Chances have now been whittled down to evens with the Ibrox side the clear favorites Van Persie to sign with Stoke next upward at 4/1. Although the striker was 10/1 yesterday to move to Rangers, The Dutchman has previously disclosed how they were up for a swap in 2002 to Ibrox.
Van Persie was playing at the time for Feyenoord, but Rangers couldn't come up despite the greatest attempts of fellow Dutchman Dick Advocaat, who had been then general manager at Ibrox with the right offer.
Crazy rumours on social network have now seen a flood of cash lumped on the improbable move pushing the bookies to slash at their chances.
On the other hand, the striker is on 5 million british pound, a year in Turkey and still has 2 years left on their deal and Fenerbahce will be trying to find a significant fee for the participant who cost them around & 4m British Pound and a return to the cash loaded Premier League in England yet seems the more than likely results for Van Persie.
Former Man United and Arsenal striker, Robin Van Persie, might be in line for a shock move to Rangers.
So, you love The Wire. Maybe you're among the few who started watching on HBO back during the first three seasons. Maybe you caught on in 2006 for Namond, Dukie, Michael, and Randy. Maybe, like me, you tuned in right at the end, watching all of the seasons to lead into Season 5. Or maybe you've watched the whole show on DVD. In any case, you LOVE IT, and now want to turn every person you know into a Wire devotee.
Only problem is you're not sure how to show clips without ruining plot points or feeling like you need to explain a million miles of backstory. We've all been there: “So, in this clip, a guy named Proposition Joe is trying to get a young gun named Marlo to join the ‘New Day Co-Op' by convincing Omar, Baltimore's shotgun-toting Robin Hood, to — what? Oh, the ‘New Day Co-Op' is a drug organization built by Stringer and Prop to combine assets and efforts in the Baltimore drug game in order to — huh? Oh, Stringer is from the Barksdale crew on the Westside while — oh right. Sorry. The Barksdales are…”
Well, your days of trouble are over! Here are 20 (ish) spoiler-free clips that you can use to turn your friends onto The Greatest Show in Television History.
(One note. Though these clips are spoiler-free, should your friend begin perusing YouTube, she'll easily run into some spoilers. So tell them to tread carefully.)
(A second note. This post was originally at Lists That Actually Matter on ChicagoNow. After the redesign, the post lost its video. I tried to re-insert the video so that you could watch the clips right there in the post, but it didn't work, so I am re-posting the whole story here. However, you should know that Lists That Actually Matter is amazing and deserves your respect and attention. Go there now. Seriously. I mean, The Wire is totally overrated anyways. Lists That Actually Matter matters. I love them. Plus, that original post has all sorts of cool pictures that I'm not including here. So really, you're not getting the FULL experience without checking that out and seeing the pictures!)
(Okay, that's good.)
1. The Opening Scene: The Tale of Snot Boogie
Some of the clips I'm showing have “spoilers” in the sense that if you told a person the clip's season, and if they were really paying attention, they'd know, “Oh, so-and-so was still alive in Season 4, so I guess they don't die in that scene in Season 2,” etc. And in some cases there are very subtle plot points revealed, ones that your potential Wire fan friend will forget once they begin watching from the beginning. (“You know what subtle means?” “Laid back and shit.”) There is, however, one scene that you can show that reveals absolutely nothing: the opening scene of the series! If they enjoy this, your job will do itself.
2. Snoop buys a nail gun
Your friend may notice that the writers felt it necessary in that first scene for the white cop to spell out for the audience terms like “rolling bones” and “behind the cut rate.” That didn't go on forever. Here, in the scene that opens Season 4, we find a character buying a nail gun. And that's all I got to say about that.
3. Iconic scenes: How to play chess
At this point, your friend might say, “So what is this show really ABOUT?”
And you say, “Well, it's kind of about the drug dealers in West Baltimore and the police chasing them.”
“So show me something with the drug dealers,” they might say.
“Okay,” you say, “watch this.”
And then you show them D'Angelo teaching Bodie and Wallace how to play chess. If your friend is a writer, he'll enjoy the dialogue and pacing. If your friend is a chess player, she'll enjoy the metaphors used to explain a complex game to newcomers. Regardless, the famous Chess Scene works as a tidy metaphor for both the show among other shows and the cops among other cops — compared to The Wire, other shows and other cops were “playing checkers on a chess board.”
4. Humor
“But wait!” your friend protests. “Is this going to be one of those preachy, super serious, sorta depressing shows?” Well, yes. But don't worry! It's pretty damn funny, too. Here are three amusing clips — the first shows two police out with their girlfriends at the movies running into the two drug dealers they were chasing earlier that day; the second shows a skinny dockworker challenging a larger dockworker to a fight; and the third shows the linguistic creativity of Sgt. Jay Landsman, whose best (and hence, dirtiest) scenes are, sadly, not on YouTube.
5. McNulty and The Bunk
At this point, your head will be spinning with new ways to convince your friend to watch the show, and you'll start just thinking of characters you wish to introduce, starting with, of course, Jimmy McNulty and Bunk Moreland. It's important to show them working together AND drinking together, as one would not be right without the other. First is the famous “Fuck” crime scene, and next we see Bunk and McNulty discussing fashion while on a stakeout. And finally… well, you'll see.
6. Omar
The next character (and possibly the first) you'll be itching to introduce is everyone's favorite vigilante, (including President Obama's) — Omar Little.
In this first clip, we watch Omar rob a poker game, leaving behind a trail of perfectly crafted one-liners. In this second, we watch the man ply their trade in the streets of East Baltimore.
7. Stringer Bell
Ah, Stringer. Most of String's best scenes are spoiler HEAVY, but this one isn't, as the macroeconomics student and drug lord schools their street team on the theories of product vs. territory.
8. Avon Barksdale
The differences between Stringer and their boss, business-partner, and oldest friend Avon Barksdale are summed up quite nicely by the latter, when they tell their friend, “I ain't no suit-wearing business person like you. I'm just a gangster, I suppose.” Of course, as we see in this scene between Avon and their nephew D'Angelo at the bedside of Avon's comatose brother, no one on The Wire is “just a gangster” or “just a cop” or “just a junkie” or “just a dockworker” or anything else. A beautiful scene, played wonderfully by actor Wood Harris.
9. Bubbles
If Omar is everyone's favorite vigilante, then Bubbles is everyone's favorite junkie. Here we see “snitchin' Bubbs” teaching a young undercover officer how to look like a true heroin addict.
10. Lester Freamon
The sage of the wire room is none other than Lester Freamon. Like Stringer, many of Lester's finest moments are plot-heavy. But here we see them schooling (yes, teaching is a theme of the show) a young police officer in the ways of building a case from scratch, as they deliver the show's ultimate creedo. (start at :43)
11. Proposition Joe
The Wire isn't just about its opening credits characters, but the supporting players too. Here we see East Baltimore drug lord Proposition Joe Stewart compromising with some dealers new to the game because they happen to be well-connected.
12. Method Man!!
That's right, hip-hop fans. Method Man's on the show! And you know what? He's pretty good, too. Here they are getting interrogated for what turns out to be the murder of a dog.
13. Inner-city teaching
Perhaps your friend is a teacher with experience in a city classroom. This clip shows a new teacher still learning the ropes of their classroom. It's a wonderful scene, showing how kids can be right, though not for the reasons we adults were hoping.
14. An honest look at politics
Or perhaps your friend has an interest in politics. They might enjoy this scene in which a councilman expresses their distaste for fundraising during a mayoral campaign.
15. Great one-on-one character scene work
Again, let's say your friend is a writer, or someone interested in learning to write. The Wire is a great place to start. The show is particularly brilliant with scenes between two characters; in fact, many of the series' highpoints take place between two characters simply talking on a bench. Here we see the famous alley Western showdown between Omar and the mysterious Brother Mouzone…
16. One-on-one scenes, Part II
…while here we have the scene that, thematically, sums up the series, as Omar and The Bunk discuss the downfall in social morality.
17. One-on-one scenes, Part III
This scene, though, between Lester and The Bunk, takes the show's writing and scene structure to another level. If your friend is still watching clips at this point (I sure hope so!) they may be interested in the laid-back-n-shit nature of this scene construction… the way the two characters speak to each other while discussing totally different topics… the way the dialogue and music bounce back and forth, creating their own rhythm… the way we get small character reveals (Lester talking about nature) in the middle of a larger canvas. Just beautiful.
18. Great speeches, Part I
Okay, okay, I'll admit: the show can get a little preachy at times. However, you don't really notice because it's in the context of a rock-solid story and delivered by great actors playing compelling characters. Besides, what would visual narrative be without some classic speeches? The good thing about The Wire is that the speeches come from all angles. In this clip, a police commander delivers the liberal viewpoint of police work and drug enforcement.
19. Great speeches, Part II
There were a few more speeches I originally included, but ultimately I decided that they were a little too close to spoilers. So how about some thoughts on the relationship between drug dealing and the global economy?
20. Sex and debauchery!!
So, you haven't sold your friend on the great characters, great writing, great scene work, or anything else. You're getting desparate. What now? How bout some good ol' fashion sex and drinking! Sadly, most of the show's sex is unavailable on YouTube, but it's not TV, it's HBO, so you can be sure they'll squeeze some in. We've got boobs for the gents, barrel-chested men for the ladies, and same-sex scenes of both genders for the gays. None of that here, though… watch the damn show already. I mean, if you think I'm going to show you EVERYTHING, well, I have one word for you:
Advertisements
Eurostar has today unveiled its new e320 train, which will be one of ten new vehicles to come into service at the end of 2015. The company also announced that it has ordered an additional seven trains, bringing the total size of the fleet to 17.
The train has undergone a complete redesign inside and out, and can now carry 20 percent more passengers across three classes than it could previously. It will have almost 900 seats in total -- that's twice as many as a jumbo jet. Seats suitable for passengers in wheelchairs have been doubled.
Katie Collins
Advertisement
At its core, the e320 is Siemens Velaro train -- a model that is used on high-speed train routes in Germany, Spain, China and Russia. Overall the e320 is 400m long and it has earned its name due to the fact it can travel at 320km per hour.
As it is an international service, which will soon start running through the Netherlands, in addition to the UK, France and Belgium, the train is interoperable. This means it can operate smoothly across the European high-speed rail network with its many different signalling systems. On the roof are eight pantographs so it is able to deal with the different power systems and contacts lines across the continent. It can also comply with the strict technical guidelines that apply to trains running through the Channel Tunnel.
Read next Behind-the-scenes images reveal the transformation of Eurostar's ageing trains Behind-the-scenes images reveal the transformation of Eurostar's ageing trains
Katie Collins
The interiors and external livery of the train has been designed by Pininfarina -- the Italian fashion house responsible for Ferrari's style -- and the nose is very sleek and aerodynamic in order to reduce energy consumption and improve noise efficiency.
Advertisement
WIRED.co.uk has had the oppourtunity to nose around the train, testing out all of the new seats and poking around the cockpit for good measure.
Gallery: Gallery: Eurostar lifts lid on next-generation e320 train Gallery: Gallery: Eurostar lifts lid on next-generation e320 train + 14
+ 13
+ 12
It's hard to keep a sense of perspective when you're exploring gleaming new carriages that have never actually been travelled in, especially given that the old trains are so grubby these days -- but it's entirely possible to see how the new design will impact the Eurostar experience.
Read next Gallery: Gallery: Eurostar lifts lid on next-generation e320 train Gallery: Gallery: Eurostar lifts lid on next-generation e320 train
Katie Collins
In one way the current Eurostar trains give you a sense of privacy with their high-backed chairs, angular, deep-set headrests and low-slung luggage racks, but they can sometimes feel quite claustrophobic too. Not so on the new trains. The carriages feel lighter and much more spacious and seats from standard to business premier have been completely overhauled. The new seats are slimline -- much like many of the new economy and premium economy seat designs being shown off by top-tier airlines -- and have gently curved headrests. Oh, and they all recline too.
Katie Collins
Throughout the train are power points and USB charging sockets, as well as free Wi-Fi -- the business traveller's best friend. All passengers can also connect to a Wi-Fi portal that provides live news, weather and destination guides. Doors are now all automatic, so there's no chance of getting trapped in them with your luggage. More space has been made available for luggage too.
Advertisement
Katie Collins
Given that Eurostar is now 20 years old, the introduction of the e320 is somewhat overdue, but now that it is here, it will certainly inject some glamour back into international rail travel. "We always had the ambition to make travelling a pleasure," said Eurostar chief executive Nicolas Petrovic at the e320 launch. "It has to be an experience in itself."
Eurostar had to fight to grow its business, they point out, but these days it is regularly fully booked. Increasingly Eurostar is selling overseas and Petrovic believes there is a lot more growth to come. "Eurostar has created a new market from scratch," they say. "We have become a reference for travelling in Europe. We have become a bridge between countries, between cities, between people."
About 300 U.S. Marines arrived in Norway's Trondheim Airport on Monday as part of a bilateral agreement in which they will undergo winter training led by Norwegian troops. Photo courtesy of Norwegian military
About 300 U.S. Marines arrived in Norway's Trondheim Airport on Monday as part of a bilateral agreement in which they will undergo winter training led by Norwegian troops. Photo courtesy of Norwegian military
About 300 U.S. Marines arrived in Norway's Trondheim Airport on Monday as part of a bilateral agreement in which they will undergo winter training led by Norwegian troops. The deployment comes amid a separate NATO-support operation to bolster its northern border with Russia. Photo courtesy of Norwegian military
Jan. 17 (UPI) -- The Norwegian military said about 300 U.S. Marines have arrived in Norway for a six-month deployment, which coincides with a separate NATO-support effort to reinforce its border with Russia.
Most of the 330 Marines arrived via a U.S. military plane at the Trondheim Airport on Monday. Norway said the arrival of the U.S. forces is part of a previous bilateral agreement between Oslo and Washington, D.C.
The U.S. troops that arrived will be replaced in six months by Marines who will also be deployed for six months.
Norwegian Col. Hakon Waro said the U.S. forces will undergo basic skills winter training.
"Basic skills is about how to dress appropriately and to move efficiently in cold weather and winter terrain," Waro said in a statement. "They will also learn to drink and eat properly, and how to best utilize and maintain their equipment in cold weather."
Russia criticized the arrival of the U.S. troops, who will be stationed hundreds of miles from Russia's border.
Russian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Maria Zakharova said the move "certainly will not improve relations."
"The relationship between Norway and Russia is put to a test now," Zakharova said. "Instead of developing economic cooperation, Norway is choosing to deploy United States troops on Norwegian soil."
In the separate Operation Atlantic Resolve in support of NATO, the United States has deployed troops in Europe that will train in Poland, Germany, Bulgaria, Estonia, Hungary, Latvia, Lithuania, Romania and Slovakia for the next nine months as a show of force to directly respond to increased Russian aggression, U.S. Air Force Lt. Gen. Tim Ray, deputy commander of U.S. European Command previously said.
Editor's note: An earlier version of this story described Operation Atlantic Resolve as a NATO operation. It is a U.S.-funded operation intended to support NATO.
No Girls Allowed? Sexual Harassment in Technology and Gaming By: Melody Weister Share Due to the theme of this article and to preserve the reality of the situation, mild language does occur, along with discussion of topics that could be triggering for some.
It's a truth in the world of technology and video games that we don't hear discussed, except in whispers, or via the anonymity of the Internet. It happens more than we admit, and it has been happening for as long as the field has been around. But more and more, the topic is inching toward mainstream, and the hum of whispers is burgeoning into a call to action. I'm referring to the vicious sexual harassment of women who work and play in these arenas. To clarify, I understand that sexual harassment happens in all fields to people of all genders. However, I'm specifically referring to the treatment of women in these fields, which are predominantly male, because this subject has been prevalent in the media lately. I'm not referring to the discussions that are bound to happen in a group of men: conversations about what happened on Guy #1's date last night or the drooling over Scarlett Johansson in black leather in the Avengers. I'm discussing the threats and gender-specific comments aimed at women just because they choose to participate in a field where men don't expect to see them.
It's been happening since the eighties. I remember a female family member describing their experience to me while they were working with computers in the mid-to-late eighties. “It was insane,” they told me. “As soon as I rose to number one on the sales team, the rumors started. Suddenly people were saying I was sleeping with my clients just to get sales, because that was more believable than the idea that a woman could be good at computer sales.” They went on to say the problems weren't just from co-workers. “Worse, I had some clients who expected me to sleep with them to get sales, because I was an attractive woman who happened to work with technology, and in their eyes that meant they could treat me like a 1950s secretary.”
The issue still lingers in technology fields today. While I was employed in the wireless retail industry, I underwent more sexual harassment from customers than I could have dreamed. One would think, working at one point with an all-male team, that the harassment would have been from coworkers, but they were always the ones to jump to my aid and never the perpetrators, though I know I was luckier than some women in that area. The harassment ranged from easy-to-handle matters like customers trying to ask me for favors of a sexual nature while paying their cell phone bill, to difficult situations, like when a customer pretended to have a technical problem with their phone just so they could hand it to me and have me see the vivid sexual graphic they had assigned as their background, or another customer who kept trying to touch me and began stalking me around the inside of the store where I worked until finally I made an excuse to a coworker and had to physically leave the store and walk to the other end of the mall until they left.
In the world of video games, it's just as bad. In this article, BBC News gives examples of the treatment that women receive when their gender is revealed in multiplayer video games: “Get back in the kitchen and take your g--d--- hands off a video game controller.” The male voices are aggressive, even angry. Their put-downs are laced with strong swearing and sexual insults. “Stupid bitch,” says one. “Fat whore,” adds another. “I hope your boyfriend beats you. Nah, you can't get a boyfriend.” Harsh though it sounds, that article describes what the everyday reality is for some female gamers, who consistently receive messages threatening sexual assault or violence because of their gender. In fact, a comment on a message board where the asupervisorstioned BBC article was posted stated, “If women can't stand the heat maybe they should add a fan in the kitchen.”
It's not limited to just video games, either. One woman described their experience while participating in a tabletop game tournament, saying, “During my last round I got paired with one of those guys. They had already gone through a myriad of 'get back to the kitchen' jokes when they noticed the owner's wife sitting with a patron's girlfriend learning how to crochet. They yell across the room that they should quit talking and get back in their place.”
Another woman said they have experienced, “Explosive verbal abuse,” in the world of online multiplayer RPG's. “I'm always up for swapping insults with online friends,” they clarified. “But there has [sic] been a few occasions when the raid has been chilling out and I've copped some random stranger yelling at me over the headset for no reason.”
Although more is being done to shine a light on this chilling phenomenon, it is a precarious line to walk. Reporting harassing messages on some systems, like Xbox Live or PlayStation Network, only accomplishes so much, because in most cases the accounts responsible will merely receive a warning, unless they have been reported multiple times. In the technology field, women who speak out either risk losing the business of the customer who is harassing them, or in some cases, losing the respect of their peers if they report a coworker for harassment. So what is to be done? It's a difficult question, and one to which there seems to be no concrete answer at the moment.
Share Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus
Demonstrators gather to rally against Donald Trump at the Parkman Bandstand in Boston Common on Wednesday. John Blanding/The Boston Globe via Getty Images
“It's time for reporters and journalists to be honest with the American people,” warned Harry Reid on the floor of the Senate six weeks ago. “They owe America the truth. Through their words and deeds, Donald Trump is a racist.”
For months, Donald Trump's racism and sexism have served as Exhibit A in the case against their fitness for the presidency. In spite of Reid's remark, the press has made Trump's bigotry very clear, publishing countless articles, explanatory timelines, and listicles on the topic. And yet, on Tuesday, the American people went to the polls and made racist Donald Trump their president-elect. How could this happen?
People like me—members of a desperate and discombobulated coastal elite—have floated a number of different explanations for this outcome. Maybe Americans don't mind that Trump is racist because we're racist, too. We live in a racist, sexist country, and Trump has given the racists and the sexists the chance to vote their true beliefs. But what about all the counties and states that went for Trump after having voted Barack Obama into office? Maybe Americans are more sexist than they are racist, in the end, and their votes for Trump were really votes against Hillary Clinton. A third explanation blames white women for the outcome, given that a majority of them voted for Trump in spite of their misogyny. Or perhaps it's the case that millions of people—including, for example, the third of Latino voters who lined up for Trump—are living in a world built from outright lies and fake news reports from Macedonia. Perhaps these people didn't know, or would not believe, the truth of what Trump has said and done. They failed to understand that he's a racist pig, and so they elected him.
Here's my theory: Tuesday's surprise had less to do with dueling facts than rival definitions. I suspect that many Americans—an electoral college victory's worth, at least—would agree that we shouldn't elect a racist to the presidency. By that logic, Trump should have been defeated easily; they failed a basic moral test. But if racist is to be a decisive and disqualifying label then we need to have consensus on its meaning—my understanding of what it is to be a racist must be the same as everybody else's. What happened Tuesday tells me that it's not.
You could see the disagreements over racism—when and how the term should be applied—throughout the course of the campaign. Trump's abhorrent message was clear from the outset. “They're bringing drugs,” they said of Mexican immigrants on the day that they announced their candidacy. “They're bringing crime. They're rapists. And some, I assume, are good people.” Before that, of course, he'd spent years proudly championing the racist birther movement. Yet for many months to follow, the question of Trump's status as a racist—whether they had officially earned the label—remained a topic for discussion. He's just “careless and undisciplined,” their defenders said. “Donald Trump seems racist,” Andy Samberg said at the Emmys in September 2015. In a televised debate in March, Hillary Clinton dodged the question of whether Trump deserved the scarlet R: “I was the first one to call them out” for their “deeply offensive rhetoric,” they said, adding that “trafficking in prejudice and paranoia has no place in our political system.” But is he, in fact, an actual racist? “People can draw their own conclusions,” they said.
That waffling ended for many in June, when Trump announced he'd been victimized by Gonzalo Curiel, the federal judge overseeing a lawsuit against Trump University—because “he's a Mexican.” (Judge Curiel was born in Indiana.) For those with Hillary, this moment was decisive. “Donald Trump Finally Admits Their Campaign Is Racist,” declared the Huffington Post. “Trump's Attack on a Federal Judge Is an Open Appeal to Racism,” said Slate. “Trump's Attack on Judge Curiel Is Clearly Racist,” wrote Newsweek. In an interview the following week, CNN's Jake Tapper gave cathartic voice to this idea: “If you are saying they can't do their job because of their race, is that not the definition of racism?” they asked Trump, in what would come to be seen as a kind of Welch-McCarthy moment for the Never Trump movement.
But as Tapper said, it came down to definitions. “No, I don't think so at all,” Trump said in answer to Tapper's charge. “He's proud of their heritage. I respect them for that.” Some commentators agreed: They aren't calling Judge Curiel inferior, only saying that they might be biased on account of their ethnicity. Brown University economist Glenn Loury pointed out that in other contexts, we're happy to acknowledge that a person's background can inform their judgment and perspective.
Still, a consensus was emerging, at least among elites, that Trump had indeed crossed the racist line. Even Paul Ryan, now the president-elect's toadie on the Hill, went after Trump in June, calling the attack on Curiel the “textbook definition of a racist comment.”
Ryan's choice of phrase was revealing. In defining racism, they did not cite the dictionary. That's where one would expect to find the most common understanding of the word. But Trump's attack on Curiel does not fit so neatly into, say, the first definition that you'd find on Dictionary.com: “the doctrine that one's own racial group is superior or that a particular racial group is inferior to the others.” Instead, Ryan appealed to the textbook meaning of racism, which is to say, the one that derives from academic expertise.
When racism first came to be examined as a social problem, starting in the 1920s, the term referred to something plain to see: an explicit ideology of domination, as expressed by individuals. By the 1960s, though, this old-school, overt racism seemed in decline and the term was broadened to include more subtle agents of discrimination, exploitation, and inequality. Entire institutions could be racist, and systems could be racist, separate from the people who composed them.
In the past few decades, scholars have stretched the boundaries of the term even further. Now we understand that people, too, can be racist in subtle, systematic ways. Even if you disavow white supremacy, you might still be subject to its influence, as well as the unintentional form of racial prejudice that social scientists call “implicit bias.” You and I are racist, essentially, in ways we're not consciously aware of.
The broader definition of racism as something systemic or implicit has flourished on the left and in academia. That's for good reason: It allows us to talk about the nation's most important social problems—police shootings, for example—in the most impassioned moral terms without labeling specific people as evil or malicious. (Maybe cops mean well, as a rule, but like the rest of us they suffer from implicit bias.) This more nuanced understanding of racism calls attention to persistent racial injustice while at the same time framing it in broader, more communal terms. It calls out the problem and invites solutions.
But textbook racism, however useful it might be as rhetoric, comes into conflict with the more old-fashioned dictionary definition of the word. Last year, social scientist Patrick Forscher reviewed the most-cited studies on prejudice from the past quarter-century and found that almost every single one of them treats bias as something implicit and unconscious rather than malicious and intentional. This puts the literature at odds with a public understanding of prejudice as the product of malicious feelings, the source of hate crimes, and an ingredient of classic racist ideology. “The gap between common and researcher understandings of ‘prejudice,' ” Forscher wrote, “can create problems when researchers attempt to communicate their findings to the public.”
That's exactly what happened in the 2016 election. Journalists and even politicians like Paul Ryan examined Donald Trump and announced they were a racist. But millions of Americans looked at the same facts and came to a different conclusion. They were not a racist, at least as they understood the term.
The breakdown of communication was never more apparent than during the first debate, when Lester Holt asked the candidates how they might improve race relations. Trump gave their standard, crude response, proposing greater use of stop-and-frisk policing and more policing overall. “We have to protect our inner cities,” they said.
Then Clinton went to their textbook definition: “We've got to address the systemic racism in our criminal justice system,” they said. “I think implicit bias is a problem for everyone, not just police.” Systemic racism and implicit bias: On Twitter, racial justice activists rejoiced. Finally, they said the words out loud! But how many people truly understood what they were saying?
A few weeks later, the Washington Post published a video in which Trump confessed to habitual sexual assault, boasting to Access Hollywood's Billy Bush that they routinely grab and kisses women against their will. Soon, numerous women had accused them of engaging in exactly this behavior. This, again, was deemed an automatic disqualification: Trump had shown themselves to be a misogynist—a sexual predator, even. Surely they were finished. How could any woman vote for him?
But polling soon revealed that lots of women were unmoved by these revelations. More than half of non-college-educated white women agreed that “grab them by the pussy” should be understood as harmless “locker room talk” rather than threatening hate speech. How could that be possible?
Back in 2009, Yale University's Dan Kahan ran a study of a notable date-rape case from 1988, in which the woman—a college sophomore—had repeatedly said “no” during a sexual encounter. For their experiment, they gave the facts of the case to 1,500 people along with one of five different legal definitions of sexual assault (including a “no means no” condition), and then asked them whether they believed the defendant should have been convicted of a crime. In the end, they found the legal definitions made less of a difference to the subjects than their cultural backgrounds. Women, in particular, were the most sharply divided in their understanding of the case, according to their identities as either egalitarian (more likely to be liberal) or hierarchical (more likely to be conservative).
Whatever the explanation for this result—Kahan's is rather subtle—it shows that fundamental disagreements over the meaning of rape can persist even in the face of explicit legal standards, and especially among the class of people who are most directly affected by the crime. It follows, then, that women would not respond to the Access Hollywood revelations in unison, as a clear example of a candidate who crossed a line. Rather, voters would draw on different definitions of misogyny so they could make different judgments of the facts.
This is the lesson of the racist, misogynist candidacy of Donald Trump. We thought these labels, once applied, would stop them in their tracks—that if we could only “prove” that Trump was racist and sexist, we'd reach some common ground of moral decency, and all but the most extreme Trump supporters would have to back away from him. In the end, though, we misunderstood the vagueness of those terms. Labeling Trump didn't work, because there is no common ground in America when it comes to what those labels mean. No matter what Trump said about women or Muslims or black people, millions of Americans will never see them as a racist and misogynist. That's not about to change.
Back in March, Donald Trump released a budget blueprint that proposed to eliminate some 62 federal agencies and programs – and cripple more of them – by slashing their budgets to far below their actual operating costs. Now he's threatening to bankrupt yet one more federal agency: the Secret Service.
According to a report from USA Today, the Secret Service – which is tasked with keeping the president and their family safe – is on course to spend its entire annual budget by September. That's an overage of about 25%.
Secret Service director says agency running out of money protecting Trump Read more
More than 1,000 agents have already hit federally mandated salary and overtime caps, prompting the service's director, Randolph “Tex” Alles, to ask lawmakers to raise the combined salary and overtime cap from $160,000 to $187,000 per year so the agency can get through Trump's first term. Optimistically, the report makes no mention of a second.
Even if the measure passes, about 130 agents might not get paid in full for hours they've already worked, which is a problem. “We cannot expect the Secret Service to be able to recruit and keep the best of the best if they are not being paid for these increases [in overtime hours],” stated Jennifer Werner, a spokesperson for the Maryland member of congress Elijah Cummings, the ranking Democrat on the House oversight and government reform committee.
Unless Secret Service agents are willing to guard Trump – who is rumored to treat them like servants – and their brood for free, the agency is headed for some serious staffing issues.
The reasons for this intense level of spending include the president's large family, frequent trips and numerous residences. The number of people under Secret Service protection increased from 31 under Obama to 42 under Trump, and their grown children often crisscross the world opening new Trump hotels and vacationing in luxurious and expensive places.
Eric Trump's 2017 business travel to Uruguay “cost the Secret Service nearly $100,000 just for hotel rooms”. I hope they at least came with a complimentary breakfast buffet.
Since taking office, Trump themselves has traveled almost every weekend on “working vacations” to properties they own in New Jersey, Virginia, and Florida, most of which have “golf club” in their names. The Secret Service has already spent about $60,000 this year on golf cart rentals alone.
Much of this cash presumably goes to Trump's own businesses, lending credence to critics who speculate they only ran for president so they could become as rich as he's always bragging about being. (No word yet on whether Trump's hotels gave the people tasked with keeping their boss alive a break on the price.)
Will Steve Bannon's war tear apart the Republican party? | Corey Robin Read more
This is the same hardworking public servant who once criticized Barack Obama for golfing when they should have been killing terrorists with their bare hands, or something. (And by “once”, I mean 27 times.)
“I wouldn't leave the White House,” Trump opined on the campaign trail. “You know, Obama always leaves the White House. Think of it, you're elected president, you're in the White House, why would you want to leave? With hundreds and hundreds of securities [sic] … and they could do it from, like, Washington.” Why indeed?
Alles did some damage control in the wake of the USA Today story. In a statement released Monday, they admitted the agency was having financial problems but said the Trump family's globetrotting lifestyle was not to blame ... or at least not solely to blame.
“This issue is not one that can be attributed to the current administration's protection requirements alone, but rather has been an ongoing issue for nearly a decade due to an overall increase in operational tempo,” they said. Oh, OK.
Are all those trips to Mar-a-Lago evidence that our president just needs one long, endless holiday to get away from the stress of it all? Are all those public rallies a cry for help? Or does our 45th president just not understand the connection between their weekend activities and the federal budget deficit?
Probably the latter, but just in case: there's a better way out of this, my friend, and it rhymes with “design”.
2014 marks the 75th Anniversary of Batman. This is the second of a series of essays celebrating the Dark Knight.
It was 1986. I was on vacation with my family on Martha's Vineyard. I remember going into a local convenience store, probably with my dad, when I saw it staring back at me from the magazine rack. It was a comic book, at least it looked like a comic book. It was built more like an actual book, though, with a squared spine.
On the cover was an enormous and very pissed off-looking Batman who looked like he'd been through hell and was about to make somebody pay for it. I don't remember opening the book—that would come in the future—I just remember that cover and being completely unnerved by it. That wasn't the Batman I knew.
That was my introduction to Frank Miller's The Dark Knight Returns. I didn't really get into comic books until the next year, and I can't remember when I finally did read Miller's modern classic, but I did eventually buy it and it was awesome. I recall my usual comic book shop was participating in the mall's “sidewalk sale,” where all the stores set up tables outside their entrances.
There on a table, in a cellophane bag, was a slightly dinged up copy of the collected Dark Knight Returns. That cover, with Batman silhouetted against a lone lightning bolt, was stunning. I think I bought the book for about twelve bucks. I had heard about the story and how ground-breaking it had been, but nothing could have prepared me for when I opened the book. The Dark Knight Returns was like nothing I'd ever seen before. This was a very adult Batman—completely different from the sixties live-action show and the various cartoons. Forget them not being my father's Batman, The Dark Knight wasn't even my Batman, but they would become him.
For those unfamiliar with the story, Miller's tale takes place firmly in the 1980s—Reagan is still President and there are several pop culture cameos. Batman has been retired for ten years and in the void left by their absence, Gotham City is being consumed by crime and a new gang called the Mutants. However, Bruce Wayne still feels the pull of their alter ego and finally snaps, donning the cape and cowl again. They tangle with Two-Face, mentors a new female Robin in Carrie Kelley, has a final confrontation with The Joker, and collides with Superman in the explosive finale. It's a hell of a story, but is it the greatest Batman story ever told?
The answer, at least as far as comics are concerned, is yes. Not only was Miller's story a dynamic reinterpretation of Batman for a single story, The Dark Knight Returns redefined Batman going forward. They became a much grittier and darker character, an interpretation that has stuck to this day. Without The Dark Knight Returns, today's Batman would probably look much different. Many have tried to recreate Miller's masterpiece in their own way—including Miller himself. Some have come close, but The Dark Knight Returns is on a level by itself. The story is suitably epic, but never gets unwieldy. Everything makes sense as the tale goes along and I always find new things to love about it every time I re-read it. Some of the elements are wonderfully bizarre—a precursor to Miller's full-on noir work in Sin City—but they jell so well with the world Miller creates, they don't seem all that weird as you read the book. Miller's use of the television talking heads is a fantastic exposition delivery device, but it also helps give the reader a broader feel for the world Batman inhabits. Gotham is worse than ever and giving all these different perspectives shows that.
The other key perspective you get is Batman's as their internal monologue powers much of the story, showing the reader how they think and takes apart problems. Monologues are also given to Jim Gordon, Robin, Joker, and Superman, but Batman's is the most prevalent, as it should be. It wasn't the first time a Batman story was told like this, but Miller's Batman has such a distinctive voice, it's probably one of the most enjoyable examples.
Miller's artwork on the book is a story of contrasts. It's elegant and ugly, sharp and muddy. As was the case on the cover I'd seen on Martha's Vineyard—which turned out to be issue #2 of the four-issue series—Miller's Batman was massive. Gone was the lean, athletic Batman of the 70's popularized by Neal Adams and Dick Giordano. In their place was a Batman who could be more accurately described as a slab of beef. They were a bruiser who was more about brute force than gracefully disabling an enemy.
Even the Batmobile reflected this new look as it was more a tank than a car, with armament to match—“Rubber bullets, honest.” Inker Klaus Janson is probably responsible for keeping Miller's art as clear as possible, but this is just based on Miller's art on post-Dark Knight projects. Lynn Varley also did a great job on the colors for the book. They are dynamic when they need to be and subtle when a certain mood needs to be created.
Miller's The Dark Knight Returns was the ultimate final adventure for Batman. That's what made their 2001-2002 sequel, The Dark Knight Strikes Again, so ill-advised. It was one of those instances of a story everyone wanted, but no one needed. It was all kinds of awful from the art to the downright character assassination of Dick Grayson, and actually managed to tarnish the original book.
Then, Miller teamed with artist Jim Lee for All-Star Batman and Robin. The All-Star line of books was DC Comics' answer to Marvel's Ultimate imprint—out of continuity stories that allowed new readers to jump onboard with classic characters without being bogged down by decades of previous stories. Miller used the opportunity to weave a prequel to The Dark Knight Returns. Lee's artwork was gorgeous, but Miller's latest take on Batman was completely unrecognizable to readers. They appeared to be a completely unhinged character as they took an orphaned Dick Grayson under their wing. This Batman barely even resembled the Batman that appeared in The Dark Knight Returns. So, The Dark Knight is a classic that stands on its own. Miller's Year One story is just as fantastic, but that's more of a Jim Gordon story than a Batman one.
The best evidence of The Dark Knight Returns' greatness is in its lasting legacy. Yes, along with Alan Moore's Watchmen, it ushered in the “grim ‘n' gritty trend in comics, which in truth, wasn't all bad, depending on the characters, but it also left an indelible mark on Batman as an institution. Tim Burton's Batman films were more gothic than The Dark Knight Returns, but the dark tone was still there.
Christopher Nolan doesn't call the best film in their trilogy The Dark Knightwithout Miller's book and they also borrowed other elements from both Year One and The Dark Knight Returns. The tumbler was clearly inspired by Miller's Batmobile and the whole “Batman retiring” set up from The Dark Knight Rises is straight from The Dark Knight Returns as well, some would argue to that film's detriment. The Dark Knight Returns' Batman even forced their way into the Batman: The Animated Series episode “Legends of the Dark Knight,” which was inspired by the classic comic story, “The Batman Nobody Knows,” from Batman #250. Beyond that, all writers strove for a darker Batman. Only fairly recently, with the work of writer Grant Morrison, have the Batman comics embraced some of the silliness of their 50's and 60's incarnations.
However, word is that Zack Snyder's Batman in the 2016 film Dawn of Justice—I will not type the whole, stupid, title—will fully embrace Miller's Dark Knight Returns incarnation.
Also, if reading's not your thing, you can see The Dark Knight Returns in full-color motion by checking out the fantastic animated adaptation from Warner Brothers Animation. Though it excludes Batman's ever-present monologue from the book, it's a faithful and satisfying interpretation of the story, perfectly blending the Bruce Timm DC animation style with Frank Miller's. The legacy lives on.
The book demonstrates how even at their advanced age, the murder of Bruce Wayne's parents still not only resonates, but dominates their life. There are several scenes and moments in The Dark Knight Returns that are now iconic and although it was later classified as an Elseworlds title, it always feels like the dark future is just around the corner, like in the X-Men's Days of Future Past. Who can ever forget Bruno or Superman as a government stooge—I'm not sure, but it's possible Miller coined the phrase “Big Blue Boy Scout” to describe the Man of Steel. If not, they were certainly one of the first to call them that. The character of the Mutant Leader remains today—his influence is clear in the much smarter, but no less deadly, Bane.
Echoes of this story continue to surge through Batman's existence. It helped pave the way for other “greatest” Batman stories to be told. I would argue that the greatest Batman on film is Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight, but if you open it up to animation as well, you have to consider Mask of the Phantasm. Regular readers already know how I feel about Batman: The Animated Series. Stemming from that stalwart pillar of Batman's legacy comes a very close competitor for the title of The Greatest Batman Story Ever Told status. However, the story I speak of can't be found in a comic book, or a film, or even on TV.
No, it is found in a video game: Paul Dini's fantastic story that powers Arkham City. It's a similarly epic tale to The Dark Knight Returns that provides a compelling mystery as well as logical reasons for the participation of Batman's full rogues' gallery, or at least the majority of them.
However, all these stories I mentioned don't exist without The Dark Knight Returns. It stands the tallest of all Batman stories and sets the benchmark for all others to shoot for. It is, quite simply, The Greatest Batman Story Ever Told.
If you want to know more about Batman as well as The Dark Knight Returns, check out Kevin Smith's fantastic podcast, Fat Man on Batman. Also, check out Episode 32 of The Hodgepodge Podcast, which was devoted to Batman's 75th Anniversary.
Doug Simpson is an author and blogger. As one half of The Hodgepodge Podcast, they talk movies, music, TV, and pop culture with their partner, Dirty A. They also write a ton of movie reviews, which can be found at Doug's Reviews and The Hodgepodge Podcast. Their first Young Adult novel, Great Big World: The Trouble with Dr. Beamo, will be available in Summer 2014. Please follow them on Twitter
"Thinking Out Loud" by Ed Sheeran won the Grammy for Song of the Year just one year ago. Now, this year, Sheeran is releasing a brand-new album, while also revisiting some of their old favorite places. Our Mark Phillips went along:
Ed Sheeran plays "Castle on the Hill"
To hear Ed Sheeran talk about the place they grew up, you wonder why they ever left. And then you realize, in a way, they never did.
As they approached one establishment, Phillips asked, "What's special about this place?"
"It's the best fish and chips in England," Sheeran replied.
And is they a vinegar guy, or a no-vinegar guy? "Vinegar and salt, yeah. I don't know why you'd have fish and chips without it!"
Ed SHeeran and Mark P CBS News
Sheeran is 26 now, and may be the hottest thing in the pop music business. In fact, they seem to be reinventing it.
The teaser tracks released in advance of their new album, including "Shape of You," have gotten Internet hits counted in the billions.
When Sheeran released two advance tracks for their new album instead of the usual one, people said they were crazy -- they'd fight each other. But they were right. Both songs ("Shape of You" and "Castle on the Hill") have been sitting at the top of the charts since the day they were put out, the first time that's ever happened.
Yet here, on England's East Coast, where they grew up, Sheeran still eats their lunch one chip at a time.
"I think what's beautiful about this area [is] no one's treated me any different. It's still the same people working in the fish and chip shop treat me exactly the same."
If "the same" means like a local hero.
There's a method to their success. First, write catchy songs about stuff you know, such as "Castle on the Hill."
Fifteen years old and smoking hand-rolled cigarettes,
Running from the law through the backfields and getting drunk with my friends,
Had my first kiss on a Friday night, I don't reckon that I did it right
But I was younger then,
take me back to when…
The castle is a medieval ruin in their hometown where they and their friends used to hang out.
English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran (with correspondent Mark Phillips) at Framlingham Castle in Suffolk. CBS News
"This is the castle on the hill," they said. "This was what the song is about."
"This is a legitimate teenage hangout, where you and your pals would come on a Friday night with tins of beer, I suppose?" Phillips asked.
"Yeah, this is the spot. You'd get, I don't know, 20 cans and sit on that hill. I'm just really, really in love with the place that I'm from, much like Springsteen would write about New Jersey, I guess."
Beyond writing the songs, Sheeran also wrote their own rules about how to sell them.
Like so many others, they had set off for London as a teenager, singing on street corners and in pubs. But they didn't knock on record company doors or wait to be discovered. Instead, they began marketing their own stuff, releasing their music themselves on websites until -- inevitably -- a record label came calling.
They had already earned half a million from their independent sales, putting the music out himself.
"What I didn't have was infrastructure," Sheeran said. "They have an American label, they have a Japanese label, they have an Australian label. So that's what I was signing for."
"I suppose you could say it paid off," Phillips said.
"Yeah, definitely."
By the time their first album came out in 2011 -- they called it "Plus (+)" -- they had a ready-made following. It moved into the top five around the world.
Their next album they called "Multiply (X)." (He has a thing for math.) It hit number one in the U.K. and the United States.
It's hard to go to a wedding these days without the bride and groom dancing to the big single from that one, "Thinking Out Loud." This, by the way, was the first of Sheeran's music videos in which they themselves appeared.
"That was me at the beginning of my career. I wasn't in any music videos at all," Sheeran said.
"Because you wanted the music to speak or because you were insecure about how you looked?"
"No, I just don't like the way I look on film. Yeah, deep!" they laughed.
"But you seem to have gotten over it?"
"No, I just can't hold it back now. My songs sell more if I'm in the video."
Boy, do they sell! Sheeran may be a worldwide megastar now, but to their fans they seem like a small act that made it big -- they say, thanks to them.
Who helped them first? Fans, they say. "It was file sharing. I know that's a bad thing to say, because I'm part of a music industry that doesn't like illegal file sharing."
"Code for piracy."
"Yeah, but illegal fire sharing was what made me. It was students in England going to university, sharing my songs with each other."
And what is their view on file sharing now? "I don't think file sharing exists now."
"Really?"
"Yeah, I think people rip off YouTube. That's a thing. But I feel like it's so easy to stream."
He's also written for other stars, like Taylor Swift and Justin Bieber. And he's written for the movies ("I See Fire," from "The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug").
However it happened, Sheeran became big enough to fill Madison Square Garden three times. And because people said they could never do it, they booked London's 80,000-seat Wembley Stadium, also for three nights, and filled that, too.
And then, they stopped. Packed it in. Vanished. For a year.
Atlantic
Why did they do it?
"Not losing touch, but I was definitely in a spiral work and partying that probably would've ended not well," Sheeran said. "But also, I think, as much as I needed a break, I think the public needs a break from you. If you continually are just in everyone's face the whole time, eventually they're gonna be like, 'Eehhh, yeah, you know what, I'm cool.'"
If the sales of the new album called, inevitably, "Divide (÷)," are any indication, Sheeran's fans missed him. Maybe they really needed a break. Maybe it was another really clever marketing ploy. Maybe both.
What does seem clear is that it worked.
For more info:
The privacy of countless website owners is at risk, thanks to a proposal in front of the byzantine international organization at the heart of the Internet: ICANN. If adopted, the new proposal could limit access to proxy and privacy services, which protect domain registrants from having their home addresses exposed to everyone on the Internet.
When you register a domain, you must post information, including an address, phone number and email to a global database called WHOIS. The information is easily available online via a terminal command or an online lookup tool. If a domain registrant doesn't want the Internet masses to know their address or phone number, they have two options: enter modified information, or use a privacy or proxy registration service that hides the information behind that of a company.
WIRED Opinion About Sarah Jeong is a journalist who graduated from Harvard Law School in 2014. They write about technology, policy, and the law. Kendra Albert is a Harvard Law School JD candidate and affiliate at the Berkman Center for Internet and Society. They tweet about video games and tech law at @KendraSerra.
Both the authors of this op-ed use privacy services. For example, if you run a WHOIS search on sarahjeong.net, it will return:
Registrant Name: WHOISGUARD PROTECTED
Registrant Organization: WHOISGUARD, INC.
Registrant Street: P.O. BOX 0823-03411
Registrant City: PANAMA
Registrant State/Province: PANAMA
Registrant Postal Code: 00000
Registrant Country: PA
Registrant Phone: +507.8365503
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax: +51.17057182
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: FDDD70C4319D4C4E8ED157FA6D26C118.PROTECT@WHOISGUARD.COM
The proposal in front of the ICANN working group would limit privacy and proxy domain protection to websites that are not commercial and transactional—which sounds reasonable. However, the working group's current definition of commercial could include the website of any small business owner who sells goods via an online store, or the website of an activist who takes donations to cover their living expenses.
Why is this information available at all? WHOIS is an archaic remnant from the earliest days of the Internet whose “fathers” neglected to think about the consequences of requiring domain owners to make their physical addresses public. In the early days, the physical address was usually a university building, not someone's home, and the population of people online was orders of magnitude smaller. The Internet is a very different place today, one where the consequences of having your address online can range from prank pizza delivery to the arrival of a SWAT team with guns drawn (called SWATing). For many, particularly those who become the targets of online harassment, WHOIS proxy or privacy protections are vital for their safety. The Geek Feminism wiki, for instance, advises people who are being attacked on the Internet, or are worried about being attacked on the Internet, to use a domain privacy service for their website. Just over the past year, many game developers, journalists, and activists have had their home addresses maliciously exposed (popularly known as “doxing”) as part of the widespread harassment campaign known as Gamergate. “I'm fucking *moved* to get away from this shit,” tweeted Zoe Quinn, a game developer who has been the target of coordinated harassment since 2014. “And now ICANN might just be like ‘lol that was pointless enjoy the swatting.'”
Of course, the creators of the proposal weren't intentionally trying to endanger activists, journalists, and other targets of online harassment. This policy change has been pushed by the American entertainment industry since 2013, says Mitch Stoltz, a staff attorney at the Electronic Frontier Foundation. The policy was crafted to make it easier for the MPAA or RIAA to go after the owners of commercial websites. It's not yet clear what definition of “commercial” ICANN will adopt, but in the past, the entertainment industry has claimed that sites that merely run Google Ads are commercial in nature.
WHOIS privacy services are a de facto tax on targets of online harassment: personal safety should come as a default, not as a premium service. But this premium service is, for many, what keeps them safe from real, imminent danger. The time is ripe to update WHOIS, but this is a step backward, not a step forward.
How can the ICANN proposal be stopped? It's difficult, actually. According to Stoltz, ICANN listens to public comments “when they come from insiders who have actually invested in the policy-making process,” but it's not so clear that they take “one-off public comments” seriously. Stoltz notes that such investment in the policy-making process is expensive, since meetings take place all over the world.
But there is some hope. A handful of dissenters inside the ICANN working group have made good points inside the official report, documenting serious internal controversy about the policy proposal and the definition of “commercial.” They note that “fundraising and membership drives are often performed by the very groups and organizations seeking privacy/proxy registration for protection, including minority political groups, minority religious organizations, ethnic groups, organizations committed to change of racial policies, gender orientation groups, and publications engaged in freedom of expression.” We can only hope that ICANN will listen to these working group members.
The ICANN working group and the entertainment lobby didn't set out to aid and abet online harassment, but that is what this proposal would do. For many, including women who run their own businesses, being able to keep their WHOIS private is the difference between being harassed and being safe online. No lobbying group can ignore the weighty consequences of their policy proposals on members of marginalized groups. It's time that we start taking online harassment seriously, and start thinking about how our governance structures and technical systems can be rewritten to protect people, not to make them more vulnerable.
SpaceLab aims to become the first makerspace in the Chicago south suburbs. Since we first started out as a coworking space a year ago, SpaceLab has held classes, workshops, and events that educate the public in next-generation technology and traditional trades and crafts.
The second industrial revolution saw a shift from local manufacturing to overseas companies. Our goal with this Kickstarter is to become a community space that empowers people to learn skills in manufacturing and technology, and trains the next generation of creators to make things right here at home in the south suburbs of Chicago.
As SpaceLab has grown over the past year, so has our identity. From our humble beginnings as a small workplace, we've now filled our space with a soldering station, CNC mill, classroom, and other tools. We've also become a local hub of learning and technology, with support from the Mayor of Mokena, The Mokena Technology Committee, Mokena Messenger, and several local programming and small business groups meeting here regularly.
With your help we'll be able to grow our space to better serve the community with much-needed classes, vocational, and technology training for adults and kids, all while expanding into a larger industrial location.
Makerspaces are a relatively new concept. They're places for artists and technologists, and often people who are both, to come together to learn, create, destroy, or repair things. Adults and children alike are welcome. A makerspace is a gym for geeks; a place where we can all go to exercise our minds and creativity.
From makerspace.com: "A Makerspace is a learning environment rich with possibilities. As new hardware and software tools for making, digital design, and fabrication are emerging, we're working together — with teachers and community leaders — to place those tools into the hands of a wider audience. We're building the infrastructure for more kids and adults to connect to a future in which they can personally change, modify or “hack” the physical world, creating things that were nearly impossible to do on their own just a few years ago. Making is about getting hands-on, using these new technologies and basic tools, to do real and personally meaningful work."
SpaceLab has two membership levels, and both include full access to all of our tools and community: 24/7.
Hacker Membership
For people interested in tinkering and being part of a likeminded community. Our Hacker Membership is $50/month, and includes full access to the space at all times. Currently, this includes access to a CNC mill, soldering station, and our classroom. In the future, this could include access to a 3D printer, lathe, and other tools!
Coworking Membership
For remote workers, small businesses just getting started, or freelancers. Our Coworking Membership is $150/month, and includes all of the perks of the Hacker Membership, plus a dedicated desk with storage space. People who choose this membership level typically work out of SpaceLab every day, as well as use the workspace.
This is the whole reason we're here on Kickstarter! SpaceLab badly needs a new location, and in order to do that, we need your help. Up to this point, SpaceLab has primarily been privately funded. In order to change that, and make it an even better community space, we need to increase our membership and get help from people like you.
We've already scoped out an exciting potential space, and it's still located in the heart of downtown Mokena. The new location would have a large front room area, two offices, a full bathroom, kitchen, and a large back garage/industrial space with a loft. The total space is about 2,200 sq/ft, or more than double what we currently occupy.
A new SpaceLab location would allow us to open up our doors to more of the public, increase the tools we can make available to the Mokena community, and have a place more conducive to making. Our current location, while serving us well over the past year, is a standard office space that wouldn't be good for typical tool and die operations.
Do you own or run a business? Interested in sponsoring a worthy cause, all while giving your employees access to a space that teaches people vocational skills? We have a range of corporate sponsorships available to you.
Bronze Corporate Sponsorship
Gives your company banner promotional space in the SpaceLab work area.
Silver Corporate Sponsorship
A company banner hung in our work area, and a mention in all of our promotions and events.
Gold Corporate Sponsorship
Free classes and maker access for all your employees, a company banner hung in our work area, and a mention in all of our promotions and events.
The SpaceLab Maker T-Shirt
American Apparel or Bayside (made in the USA), 100% cotton t-shirts locally designed and made. Show off your maker spirit with this shirt!
Limited Ed. SpaceLab Co-Founder Card
Etched in stainless steel, this limited edition Co-Founder card will only be offered on this Kickstarter.
Share the Goodness
Weekend Yum Cha is something of a family tradition in our little brood. Ever since the Husband and I were dating we've frequented our local Chinese restaurant for the soft, plump dumplings sitting prettily in their bamboo baskets. These days we are a party of three and while the Elf isn't terribly adventurous they love the BBQ pork steamed buns. So, I've created a vegan version with these BBQ Mushroom Vegan Steamed Buns.
In our tabletop battle of wills, every Elf-approved meal is an opportunity to get vegetables in to their diet. These vegan steamed buns hit them right in their sweet spot; their pork buns. With the sweet smoky flavours of the traditional char siu steamed buns, these fluffy and plump little clouds are filled with no less than five vegetables.
The Dough
These vegan steamed buns with BBQ mushrooms have been a long time coming with the idea bouncing around my internal kitchen for almost a year. While I loved the thought of these little guys I was a little daunted; I wanted to get the traditional cloud-like dough just right. After a few mis-fires I ended up using this recipe from the Woks of Life as a base. These wonderfully thoughtful bloggers included a folding tutorial video, bless their socks. It is incredibly useful to dumpling novices such as myself.
Turns out, the dumpling dough is super simple to make. While it takes a while to proof and there is kneading involved (great for the arms), it's super easy and something the kids can help with too.
The Filling
With the dough sorted and my doubts assuaged, the filling was a piece of cake. A deliciously smoky, sweet mushroom filled cake. This filling is AMAZING. If you weren't inclined to make the traditional dough, this filling will work in a grilled wonton wrapper or simply spooned on to a steaming bowl of rice.
For those who love the warming and wonderful BBQ flavours of traditional char siu pork but want a vegetable alternative – this is it. Finely sliced mushrooms, red onion, celery, carrot and kale combined in a sweet, slightly smoky soy, hoisin and five spice sauce. This filling is mouth-watering.
I am the first to admit my dumpling (baizo*) pleating technique is not going to win me any culinary awards but I am giving my self a commendation for effort. At the end of the day these vegan steamed buns were a fun project and something I have always wanted to try. Plus, anytime spent with the Elf in the kitchen is time well spent to me.
I used to eat the pork buns myself and I am so happy I have found a way to enjoy all those drool-inducing flavours using vegetables. Sitting at our Yum Cha session eating my tofu and Chinese broccoli while the others devour sticky buns and steamed dumplings can be challenging. Challenge conquered. These BBQ mushroom vegan steamed buns are everything I wanted them to be. An added bonus is that when I don't have time to make the dough I can quickly enjoy those wonderfully authentic filling flavours on a bed of rice. The mushroom and vegetable filling is ready in no time and is so ridiculously good.
* Another useful folding video thanks to Chinese Sichuan Food.
One could argue these steamed buns are quite the effort to get the Elf to eat their vegetables. Perhaps. I've been told this phase in their dining life is just that, a phase, a cry for attention, a blip. That may be so but that doesn't mean we stop trying. My thinking is that food is our earliest introduction to new cultures and new experiences. I want them to embrace the different, be brave in their choices and try new things. For me that cannot begin early enough and I can't think of a safer or better place to start that journey than in my kitchen.
Besides these sneaky bbq mushroom steamed buns being wonderfully delicious and their own reward, I learned something new this week. The things I want for the Elf are the same things I want for myself…to be always learning and experiencing new things.
Enjoy.
If you try these buns, please let me know! Leave a comment, rate it, and don't forget to tag a photo #mygoodnesskitchen on Instagram. I'd love to see what you come up with. Cheers, friends.
If you like this recipe, you might like to check out these recipes:
Print Pin 5 from 1 vote Sneaky BBQ Mushroom Steamed Buns These Sneaky BBQ Mushroom Steamed Buns boast the sweet smoky flavours of the traditional char siu steamed buns but are vegan with no less than 5 vegetables. Prep Time 2 hours Cook Time 20 minutes Total Time 2 hours 20 minutes Servings 8 Ingredients Dough 1 teaspoon active dry yeast
¾ cup luke-warm water
2 cups all-purpose flour
1 cup potato starch or corn starch
2 tablespoons raw sugar I used golden caster sugar
1/4 cup sunflower vegetable oil
2 1/2 teaspoon baking powder Filling 1 tablespoon maple syrup
1 tablespoon Chinese cooking wine or brandy if you can't find the cooking wine
2 tablespoon tamari or soy sauce
½ teaspoon red miso
1 tablespoon hoisin sauce
1/4 teaspoon five-spicy powder
3 cups mushrooms finely sliced (I used button and shiitake)
1 cup finely sliced black kale de-veined and sliced in to thin ribbons
1 small red onion finely diced
1 stick celery finely diced
1 carrot peeled and finely diced
2 garlic cloves finely chopped
1 tbs peanut or vegetable oil Instructions To make the dough, dissolve the yeast in the warm water in a bowl and sit in a warm place for 5 minutes or until completely dissolved and starting to bubble.
Sift the flour and cornstarch and add it to the yeast mixture along with the sugar and oil.
Beginning with a spoon combine the ingredients until they come together.
Using clean hands knead the dough inside the bowl before turning it out on to a clean surface to knead.
Continue kneading until the dough forms a smooth ball (around 10-12 minutes).
Place the dough in a large clean bowl, cover with a damp cloth or cling wrap and rest for 2 hours in a warm place. The dough will double in size.
After 2 hours, add the baking powder to the dough mixture (add a little water if needed) and knead again to combine thoroughly.
Form in to a ball again and rest for another 15 minutes.
While the dough is resting the first time, heat oil in a wok or frypan.
Add the garlic and sauté for 30 seconds.
Add the onion, celery and carrot and cook for 1 minute.
Add the Chinese five spice and stirs through.
Add cooking wine.
Add the tamari, red miso, maple, and hoisin sauce.
Finally, add the mushrooms and kale and cook for two minutes or until just cooked.
Take off the heat and set aside to cool.
Cut 10 12cm x 12cm squares of baking paper or parchment.
When the dough has rested a second time, roll it out into a long log shape.
Cut the log in to 10 equal portions. Working one at a time, press each portion down with your palm in to a disc.
Roll out the disc to palm size round making the outer edges thinner than the middle.
With the disc in your palm, spoon a tablespoon of the filling in to the centre.
Following the video (the link is in the above post) fold the edges up and pleat the dough until the top comes together. Twist to finish.
Repeat with the other dough portions placing each one on it's own piece of parchment.
Bring a 1/4 pot of water to the boil and place a bamboo steamer on top being careful to make the sure the water doesn't touch the steamer base.
Place the dumplings in the steamer and cook on a high heat for 12 minutes.
Serve immediately.
Share the Goodness
A gallery of futuristic American concept cars from the 1950's selected by automotive journalist Larry Edsall, author of the book "Concept Cars- from the 1930's to the Present". Guest article republished from JustLuxe and ClassicCars.com.
(Article republished with permission from JustLuxe, ClassicCars – Image Gallery extended by Car Body Design)
Larry Edsall is an automotive-specialized journalist who has worked for Autoweek Magazine. Among their books are Concept Cars- from the 1930's to the Present and Masters of Car Design (Genius).
“This week I'll give you my 10 favorite concepts from the 1950s. Then, soon, I'll pick another decade to examine. And eventually maybe we'll be able to distill it all down to a top-10 of all time. But for now, here are my 10 favorite American concept cars from the 1950s:”
10. 1955 Lincoln Futura
Ford unveiled the long, low but sharply finned Futura in 1955. The car featured a twin-bubble cockpit cover. After showing the car, Ford sold the Futura to Hollywood producers, who had it convert it into the original Batmobile for the 1960s Batman television series.
9. 1952 Chrysler K-310
This was the first collaboration between Chrysler design chief Virgil Exner and the Ghia coachbuilding works in Italy. The concept also introduced the “Forward Look” that would characterize Chrysler production cars in the coming years.
8. 1954 Dodge Firearrows
There were four Firearrows – two roadsters, a coupe and a convertible — and all of them are gorgeous.
7. 1956 GM Firebird II
General Motors did a series of three futuristic and gas turbine-powered Firebirds. The '56 was supposed to be the most practical because it could hold a family of four and was designed to drive itself along an automated highway.
6. 1957 Dodge Dart-Diablo Concept
If you're familiar with the B.A.T. concepts done by Bertone in Italy, then picture one of them stretched way out into a very large and very American-sized car, albeit one with a gorgeous two-tone paint job and aerodynamics fine-tuned in the wind tunnel.
5. 1958 Ford Nucleon
Though it never grew larger than a small scale model, the Nucleon was a very interesting concept. What appeared to be a large spare tire cover on the car's rear deck lid actually represented a small nuclear reactor that would provide power to propel the vehicle.
4. 1956 Chrysler Norseman
It wasn't so much the car but its fate that makes this one endearing and enduring. The Norseman was among the cargo that went down with the Andrea Dora sank.
3. 1951 General Motors Le Sabre
Not only did this become GM design boss Harley Earl's daily driver, but this jet fighter-inspired convertible (complete with an altimeter, jet-like air intakes and tail fins) had a water sensor on its center console so if it sprinkled while the top was down, the top automatically powered itself up into place to keep the cockpit dry.
2. The “other” Corvettes
General Motors introduced the Corvette as a concept car at the 1953 Motorama. But the original ‘Vette was just one of only four concepts based on the same platform. The others were the Corvette hardtop, the Nomad wagon and perhaps my favorite, the Corvair, a fastback coupe.
1. 1960 Plymouth XNR
This concept was Plymouth's answer to the Corvette, and it was gorgeous, with an asymmetric design that featured dorsal fin that extended from just behind the driver's head to the trailing edge of the car. (Yes, I know, I'm cheating a little to include a concept from 1960, but it's just so cool and since the earliest car on this list is from 1951, I'm declaring that as the start of the decade.)
(Source: JustLuxe, ClassicCars.com)
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
Dec. 11, 2014, 4:23 PM GMT / Updated Dec. 12, 2014, 3:43 AM GMT
With less than three hours before a government shutdown, the House narrowly passed a massive spending bill late Thursday after a drama-filled day of vote counting and lobbying from the White House and Congressional leaders.
The measure passed by a 219-206 vote, with support from 57 Democrats.
The House also passed a measure that will fund the government for two additional days in order to give the Senate time to approve the legislation before the government runs out of funding. The Senate will approve the continuing resolution overnight and could vote on the $1.1 trillion spending bill as early as Friday.
House Democrats huddled Thursday night to discuss a way forward after the spending measure had prompted a public rift between the White House and progressive Democrats, who primarily objected to the bill's inclusion of a rollback of financial reforms. Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts, famed as a thorn in Wall Street's side, branded those changes a "bailout" for big banks at taxpayers' expense.
But some key Democrats emerged from the meeting acknowledging it was better to pass the bill then risk another shutdown. Minority Whip Steny Hoyer, D-Md., said on the House floor it was "better to pass it than to defeat it.”
The White House said Thursday that, while the administration "objects to the inclusion of ideological and special interest riders" in the bill, the president supports the overall legislation and will not veto it.
But House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi - who also opposed the inclusion of the banking changes - publicly slammed the bill, calling its loosening of financial regulations "a ransom and a blackmail" and saying that she's "enormously disappointed" that the White House is accepting its inclusion in the spending measure.
After GOP leaders postponed a scheduled 2pm ET vote, Pelosi told fellow Democrats they had increased their "leverage" to amend the legislation and strip out portions they dislike, including an addition that raises donation limits to party committees.
"Well, here we are standing up to the White House and Harry Reid," Democrat Louise Slaughter told NBC News. "Good for us. They're wrong."
While officials insisted that they were not expecting a government shutdown despite the delay, the administration said that, "out of an abundance of caution," it is working with federal agencies to prepare for a lapse in funding.
Meanwhile, White House officials - including Vice President Joe Biden and President Barack Obama - worked the phones to push passage of the bill. And White House chief of staff Denis McDonough went to Capitol Hill late Thursday to personally lobby Democrats to support the measure in a closed-door meeting.
The Democratic split proved key, because Republicans needed a boost of Democratic support to get the bill over the finish line.
Democratic votes were needed to offset defections on the Republican side -- from conservatives who object to the bill because they said it doesn't do enough to curb the president's executive action on immigration.
The bill must still be passed by the Senate in the coming daysto avert a shutdown. That could be procedurally easy – but only if no member objects to its passage.
If even a single senator holds up the process, it could drag on for several days.But it is ultimately expected to pass.
Here's a brief summary of what's in the massive spending bill.
Funding until September 2015 for 11 of 12 federal agencies. The Department of Homeland Security is only funded until early next year, setting up another spending fight over immigration in just a few weeks
No new funding for the Affordable Care Act, but funding for the health care law is also not cut
$5.4 million to fight Ebola abroad and prepare for potential outbreaks at home
Changes to the 2010 Dodd-Frank banking reform bill concerning derivatives trading – lobbied for heavily by the banking industry
Language prohibiting the District of Columbia from legalizing marijuana, which city residents greenlighted in a November ballot initiative by a wide margin
Language raising donation limits to the Democratic National Committee or the Republican National Committee from $32,400 per donor to $324,000
About $8 billion in funding for the Environmental Protection Agency, a substantial cut from last year's funding that will likely force a hefty reduction in staffing
$5 billion to fight the Islamic militant group known as ISIS
A ban on the transfer of Guantanamo Bay prisoners to the United States
Funding to aid the State Department, the Department of Health and Human Service and local school districts in immigration-related programs
A cut of almost $350 million to the budget of the IRS
Cuts to multi-employer pension plans
Language allowing school districts more flexibility in instituting the nutrition standards championed by Michelle Obama
NBC's Andrew Rafferty and Kristen Welker contributed to this report.
Nearly two-fifths (38 per cent) of online shoppers will abandon a purchase if they have to register for an account, new research by Skrill has found.
32 per cent of the 2000 consumers surveyed said if a website was asking for too much information they would fail to convert. Not trusting that the website is secure was the main reason for a quarter of shoppers.
Over a quarter (28 per cent) abandoned a purchase because the website did not offer their preferred method of payment, a figure rises to nearly a third (32 per cent) of 18-24 year olds.
A credit or debit card is still the most popular way for consumers (57 per cent) to pay online. Digital wallets are the next most popular method (29 per cent) followed by bank transfers (two per cent), text pay services (one per cent) and virtual currencies (one per cent).
Other major gripes included the website being too slow to load or regularly crashing (43 per cent); realising the website was not UK-based (14 per cent) or finally, being required to pay in a different currency (six per cent).
Rust & JS developers for Ethereum Classic
Igor Artamonov Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 24, 2016
Ethereum Classic has a great community which has been successfully maintaining code and adding new features for past few months. We've already made our protocol upgrade to update Gas Prices, and expecting next fork in January, all code is ready.
But to make Ethereum Classic truly innovative we need a full time dev team, in addition to the community. I'm trying to build such team.
I'm looking for a talented Rust and JS developers. Full time, remote. Experienced developers, which can lead projects, make architectural decisions and help other team members to do their job. Self motivated and able to work in a distributed team on Open Source software together with the community.
From Rust dev I'm expecting knowledge of most Computer Science concepts, Data Structures, Networks and P2P, Security and Crypto.
From JS dev an experience with React+Redux, MaterialUI and BEM concepts, and building reusable UI components.
Also looking for a Go developer, with same requirements as for Rust developer.
This job is really challenging, it's a new field, there're many serious problems to solve and research to be done. You'll be building a next generation of blockchain, a new protocol that in next few years will be used by millions of people.
Please email me at splix@ethereumclassic.org and/or igor@artamonov.ru
PS if you want to help Open Source and Ethereum Classic, please share this with your friends.
Breaking News Emails Get breaking news alerts and special reports. The news and stories that matter, delivered weekday mornings.
June 6, 2016, 10:32 AM GMT / Updated June 6, 2016, 12:50 PM GMT / Source: CNBC.com By Holly Ellyatt, CNBC
Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg had their Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest accounts briefly hacked over the weekend, according to various reports.
A hacker group called OurMine reportedly took over the billionaire's Twitter, Instagram and Pinterest account on Sunday according to screengrabs of Tweets since removed from Zuckerberg's accounts, which are rarely used by the Facebook mogul.
Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg in Beijing, China, March 19, 2016. REUTERS/Shu Zhang
Tech news magazine Engadget took a screengrab of the Tweet in which OurMine said: "Hey @finkd (Mark Zuckerberg's Twitter handle) we got access to your Twitter & Instagram & Pinterest, we are just testing your security, please dm (direct message) us."
The group, whose principal Twitter account has since been suspended, then messaged them to say that it had found their password on a LinkedIn database of user details that was leaked online last month. “You were in Linkedin Database with the password ‘dadada'!” gloated the hacker on Zuckerberg's Twitter page.
It is believed that the security of Zuckerberg's Facebook and Instagram accounts were not compromised, however.
Since OurMine's main Twitter account has been suspended, the original tweet is not publicly available, but other Twitter users, including a U.S.-based social media reporter for CNBC, picked up on the hack.
The group said in a secondary Twitter account, @OurMineTeam43, that it was just trying to alert Zuckerberg to the security flaw.
Read More From CNBC: If You're Reading This, It's Not Too Late to Change Your LinkedIn Password
On February 10, 2015, a 46-year old 'self proclaimed' atheist , took their gun, managed their way into their neighbor's home, and shot them to death. Craig Stephen Hicks killed three innocent young Muslim students, execution-style, in Chapel Hill, then turned themselves in hours later. The lives they stole wereMohammad Abu-Salha, 21; their husband,Barakat, 23; and their sister,Mohammad Abu-Salha, 19. Yusor and Deah were married just two months ago. All three victims were students, and very loved within the community. Thousands came out to pay tribute in a candlelight vigil held Wednesday night at the UNC (University of North Carolina) campus.
I mention 'atheist' in the title because I think it's important for the media, especially the Liberal media, to make sure the word is not left out. Why? Because if the killer were a self-proclaimed 'Christian,' it would be mentioned. And if the killer were a self-proclaimed 'Muslim,' it would be mentioned. And what's really important is for the world to know is this man is not an atheist in any true sense. He's much different than anything they 'proclaims' to be, because this man is an extremist.
Craig Stephen Hicks does not speak for atheists, just as ISIS does not speak for Muslims, just as Netanyahu does not speak for Jews, just as Scott Roeder and Pat Roberson do not speak for Christians.
But still, many will believe these extremists - especially if their words have been propagated on self-proclaimed (extremist) news - like FOX. Just three days ago, FOX implied that it's only Muslims that kill in the name of religion. And then you have insidious people like Pat Robertson who make Muslims out to be the world's dark monsters:
"These people (Muslims) are crazed fanatics, and I want to say it now: I believe it's motivated by demonic power. It is Satanic and it's time we recognize what we're dealing with." -Pat Robertson
"Before you speak to me about your religion, first show it to me in how you treat other people; before you tell me how much you love your God, show me in how much you love all Their children; before you preach to me of your passion for your faith, teach me about it through your compassion for your neighbors. In the end, I'm not as interested in what you have to tell or sell as in how you choose to live and give." -Senator Cory Booker (New Jersey-D)
Extremists do not represent the religions, parties, and disbelievers from which they hail. Rather, they damage, use, and scar those entities. Extremists represent hate - hate in its purest form. And their actions exemplify the very worst of humanity.
One of the young students who was killed, Deah Barakat, made this YouCaring.com video just four months ago. In the clip a little over a minute long, Deah talks about a trip to Syria to offer free dental work to Syrian refugees.
Such a great and tragic loss. Condolences and prayers are coming in from all around the world, from people who mourn with the families of the victims.
Read more: NewsObserver, NewYorkTimes.com., IndependentUK
SAN FRANCISCO—In an effort to reduce the number of unprovoked hostile communications on the social media platform, Twitter announced Monday that it had added a red X-mark feature verifying users who are in fact perfectly okay to harass. “This new verification system offers users a simple, efficient way to determine which accounts belong to total pieces of shit whom you should have no qualms about tormenting to your heart's desire,” said spokesperson Elizabeth James, adding that the small red symbol signifies that Twitter has officially confirmed the identity of a loathsome person who deserves the worst abuse imaginable and who will deliberately have their Mute, Block, and Report options disabled. “When a user sees this symbol, they know they're dealing with a real asshole who has richly earned whatever mistreatment they receive, including profanity, body-shaming, leaking of personal information, and relentless goading to commit suicide. It's really just a helpful way of saying to our users, ‘This fuck has it coming, so do your worst with a clear conscience and without fear of having your account suspended.'” At press time, Twitter reassuredly clarified that the red X was just a suggestion and that all users could still be bullied with as little recourse as they are now.
Advertisement
And then there is the new Brooklyn, bearded and ironic, dedicated to the handmade and the small batch, which is to say antithetical to the very idea of a sports arena. It is an uneasy juxtaposition. Note that the Brooklyn Bangers concession — stocked with artisanal sausages from the chef Saul Bolton, whose Smith Street restaurant, Saul, holds one of the borough's few Michelin stars — sells a Nathan's hot dog alongside its own snappy rust-red brisket dog ($9.75) and a pallid but more belligerently spiced smoked white Cheddar bratwurst ($9.75). Bets are being hedged.
But let there be no whining about how cooking for 18,000 people is hard. Perfection is attainable.
Witness the Cuban sandwich ($12.50) from Habana Outpost, the Fort Greene branch of Café Habana in NoLIta, a miraculous smashup of slow-roasted pork, ham, Swiss cheese and pickles. Somehow the bread has retained body and crispness, the pork its juices.
Elsewhere on the highlight reel are tacos ($14) from Calexico, which began as a street cart in SoHo and now has restaurants in Gowanus and Greenpoint. Forgive the floppy flour tortillas and focus on the contents: beer-battered cod, the skin properly crunchy; a slaw with forthright spice; surprisingly fresh mango salsa; and a chipotle sauce hot and sly enough to make you blush.
Still, the dish that turned heads as I carried it down the concourse was Calexico's nachos ($10.75), an edifice evoking an ice-cream sundae, chips in mesmerized orbit around an immaculate guacamole sphere. The guacamole proved, alas, to have the temperature and texture of ice cream, whipped and chilled until all flavor was obliterated.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Among the less memorable offerings, Buffalo Boss's boneless chicken wings ($10.75), organic and hormone free, are essentially just very good Chicken McNuggets, with a fervid sauce that skews too sweet. Chicken meatballs from the Midtown Manhattan power-lunch spot Fresco by Scotto — a seeming interloper, until you learn that the owner's grandmother ran a poultry market in Brooklyn a century ago — are engulfed in tomato sauce, equally prosaic whether on brioche ($9.75) or gnudi (naked, $11.50).
You will wish you could forget the achingly sweet brisket at Fatty 'Cue, slopped on a banh mi roll ($13.75) and over mac and cheese ($10.25), whose potentially interesting blend of aged Cheddar, queso blanco, fontina and Gouda lies down and dies under the swamp of meat.
It is not always clear whom to blame: all Barclays food operations are partnerships between individual vendors and Levy Restaurants, which runs similar arena concessions across the country. Some vendors, like Brooklyn Bangers, supply premade food that is heated and finished on-site; others, like Calexico, have licensed Levy to produce their dishes from scratch in the arena's kitchens. The people working the counters, who are generally amiable if not particularly efficient (beware the 15-minute wait for nachos), are Levy employees.
It is cheering to see, at each outlet, the “Made in Brooklyn” snack menu, including a milk chocolate bar studded with shards of pretzels and toffee ($6.50) from the Sunset Park confectioner Tumbador and potato chips ($4.25) from McClure's Pickles, which does research and development in Williamsburg (but produces its goods in Detroit). Stinky Bklyn's brown butter sea salt Rice Krispies treat ($6) is a stroke of midnight-munchies genius, sticky, salty-sweet and one of the best things you'll eat all night. Missing from the roster but worth searching for is a pleasingly oozy dark chocolate and caramel bar ($6.50) from Nunu, in Downtown Brooklyn, which I stumbled on at a popcorn kiosk.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
At halftime, the longest line stretches from Junior's. (Tip: certain cake slices, $8.75 each, are also available at a free-standing stall directly opposite.) So what if the cakes are never as good as you remember? Have some respect. Some things in Brooklyn should never change. (Oh, Cake Man Raven! Where have you gone?)
Junior's shares billing on its sign with the relative newcomer Blue Marble, a purveyor of organic ice cream made with dairy products from pasture-raised cows, with shops in Cobble Hill and Prospect Heights. Its approach to sugar is cautious, where Junior's rushes in. Nevertheless, the two are thrown together in a “concrete” of Blue Marble soft-serve swirled with broken pieces of Junior's cakes and cookies ($8.75).
It should be revolting, this concoction suspended somewhere between creamy and liquid, served in an imposing plastic cup with a bulbous top. It is divine. Old Brooklyn, new Brooklyn: this could be love.
It's hard to overstate the significance of this detail, which risks doing real harm to Donald Trump's White House.Let's back up a minute to provide some context.Practically everyone in both parties now agrees that Russian officials, acting on Vladimir Putin's orders, launched an espionage operation to undermine the U.S. presidential election in 2016, at least in part to help put Trump in the White House. What's unclear is whether Team Trump colluded with Moscow during the election crimes.On Nov. 10, just two days after the U.S. election, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said “ there were contacts ” between the Russian government and Trump's campaign team before the U.S. presidential election. In fact, Ryabkov said “ quite a few ” members of Trump's team had been “staying in touch with Russian representatives” before Americans cast their ballots.Trump World have long insisted the opposite was true. Kellyanne Conway, asked if there were pre-election communications between the Republican campaign and Putin's government, said, “ Absolutely not .” They added the conversations “never happened” and any suggestions to the contrary “undermine our democracy.”Though it's unclear why the Russian deputy foreign minister would lie about this, Conway wasn't the only member of Team Trump who emphatically denied the talks. At a pre-inaugural press conference, the president themselves said no one from the Trump campaign was in contact with Russia during the campaign.Those denials are apparently in conflict with the findings of U.S. intelligence agencies.Why is this so important? Because we're faced with the very real possibility that a foreign adversary attacked America's democracy to help put Donald Trump in the Oval Office, and while those attacks were under way, Trump aides were in communications with Putin's government and then Team Trump repeatedly misled the American public about what transpired.Based on what's been reported thus far, that's precisely what happened.Postscript: The idea that no one on Team Trump spoke to Putin's government before the election was already suspect. One of the people Trump singled out as a top foreign policy advisor, Carter Page, had repeated contacts with Moscow during the campaign – right up until Team Trump decided to disown Page and pretend they had no role in the operation.That said, Michael Flynn is a far more prominent, more powerful, and more influential figure in the president's orbit. If the White House national security advisor was also engaged in pre-election talks with Putin's government during the campaign, it's a qualitatively more important revelation.Second Postscript: The list of questions for the White House isn't short, but I'd start with, “What did Trump know about Flynn's pre-election communications with Russia? When did the president first learn of the back-channel messages? If Trump didn't know what their top national security advisior was up to for months, what does that say about the president's ability to lead? And if they did know, why did the president lie to the public?”
The Cardinals are “making major progress” in extension talks with star catcher Yadier Molina, according to Jon Heyman of Fan Rag. With positive momentum toward a deal, it now seems an accord is “getting close,” per the report.
Molina said over the weekend that they would not be willing to discuss a new deal during the season, seemingly setting an Opening Day deadline to wrap talks up one way or another. If it doesn't come to fruition, then the 34-year-old would almost certainly hit the open market after the season. Though their contract does include a $15MM mutual option, with a $2MM buyout, there's little likelihood of both sides wanting to exercise that clause.
The terms under consideration aren't clear at this point, but Heyman notes that the sides were working to bridge initial differences in the length of the new deal. Molina's representatives opened with a four-year request, with the organization coming in at two seasons. That leaves three as the natural (and, in this case, seemingly reasonable) compromise point, though of course options could also be used to tweak the consideration in either direction.
Dispatch: Rookies/rising stars often tell us, "We'll be cut off from CF deals if this article goes out" or "We won't be able to make money anymore." We didn't realize it at first but as we began reporting more news, we realized that while we were satiating the curiosities of the public, we were also putting a celebrity's career at risk of being destroyed. That's why we try not to report on rising stars or rookies whose careers can be at risk over a dating scandal. In the end, everyone loses if we report on everyone recklessly. We report on a very specific target. Just because we reported on a dating scandal between Jo In Sung and Kim Min Hee doesn't mean Jo In Sung will be cut from their CF deals. Just because we reported on Won Bin and Lee Na Young doesn't mean Won Bin will have their casting offers retracted. That's the reason we only report on top stars."They talk as if they're doing such just things..^^""They're deluded if they think they're being considerate to these stars ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ""Or maybe rookies aren't that known by the public so it's not newsworthy enough for them ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ""Or just not report at all...?""As if top stars aren't affected by dating scandals either, I find their stance hypocritical""Just be honest and say rookies don't make you enough money""They've actually released a ton of reports on rising stars, don't try to act all innocent and nice ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ""Whoever you decide to report on, it doesn't change the fact that you guys are criminals""Or you're just holding on to the rookie news to release later when they get more popular ^^""Still doesn't change the fact that you make money off of invading the privacy of others~~""Don't try to make yourselves seem so just and mighty. Admit that rookies don't bring in enough attention ㅋ If anything, scandals affect top stars more than they affect rookies ㅋㅋㅋㅋ""Yeah, be honest Dispatch, that it's a waste of your time following rookies around because the turnaround isn't that great""And you think that justifies what you do?""It's the same logic as saying 'I beat people but I'm not a gangster ^^' or 'I take hidden cameras but not of minors ^^'"
Plans are in place to convert a portion of the Red House in Harvard Square into a medical marijuana dispensary.
Plans are moving forward to convert a portion of an historic house first built more than 200 years ago in Harvard Square into a place for registered patients to purchase medical marijuana products.
The Cambridge Planning Board on Feb. 28 voted in favor of a special permit for Healthy Pharms Inc., to operate a dispensary at The Red House, a restaurant packed tightly among other businesses along pedestrian-friendly Winthrop Street.
The plan was opposed by a smattering of neighbors during a recent public hearing, with some worrying that the dispensary could fast become a place to purchase the drug for recreational use and others claiming it would cause “irreparable” harm to abutters.
Advertisement
But many in Cambridge have been overwhelmingly supportive of the proposal.
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
Nathaniel Averill, executive director of Healthy Pharms Inc., said the operation in Harvard Square would be discreet and feature tight security, and cater only to patients who rely on the drug to ease ailments.
“I think there are always concerns, no matter where you go,” they said. “But we have done a number of things, and we are trying to work with the local community groups as best we can.”
The Red House, built in 1802, is run by restaurateur Paul Overgaag, who is also Averill's business partner.
Plans for the dispensary call for downsizing the restaurant and turning the current side entrance into a hallway that would lead to a “mantrap” — a security checkpoint — and then toward the back of the building to a sales floor where medical pot could be purchased only by patients registered with the state.
Advertisement
Part of the restaurant's second floor, currently devoted to rooms for events and dining, would become offices for dispensary staff and security, Averill said.
The Red House would remain a restaurant with a downstairs dining area, bar, fireplace, and patio space, and continue to serve food.
Averill said the restaurant and the dispensary would be separate entities and that the face of the historic house, with its white trim windows and dark shutters, would not be touched — aside from a few outdoor security cameras.
“We are not changing the outer look of the facility in any kind of way,” they said.
In other words, said Valerio Romano, counsel and compliance officer for Healthy Pharms Inc., “This is not Denver with neon signs.”
Advertisement
Marijuana would not be grown, cultivated, or processed in the building, according to the proposal. That would all be done in Georgetown, where Healthy Pharms Inc., has an existing operation.
Once the Planning Board files its decision with the City Clerk's office, there is a statutory period during which it can be appealed.
Before it can officially open, the nonprofit must yet win approvals from the state's Department of Public Health, the agency that regulates medical marijuana facilities, as well as building permits and a certificate of occupancy from Cambridge officials.
Averill said an opening date has not been set for the dispensary, but they and Overgaag hope it's by the end of this year.
They said having a dispensary in a neighborhood that's easy to get to via public transportation, like Harvard Square, will benefit registered users.
“It's great for patient access,” they said. “It's really the most accessible spot.”
Jesse Kanson-Benanav, chairperson of A Better Cambridge, a nonprofit community group, said the city heavily backed the legalization of medical marijuana in 2012 and that putting a dispensary in Harvard Square makes sense.
“Cambridge is an area that should have multiple marijuana dispensaries for patients who need it,” they said. “Medical marijuana is a vital service and it's high time — no pun intended, I didn't mean to make that pun — that we have some functioning dispensaries.”
Denise Jillson, executive director of the Harvard Square Business Association, said Overgaag, owner of The Red House, is well-respected in the community and “a known entity.”
They said their board gave full support to the plan, citing the importance of supplying medical marijuana to patients in need.
“Paul is a very responsible business owner,” they said. “It's in their best interest as a property owner to make sure everything they do is appropriate, because their name is on it.”
City Councilor Marc McGovern, who helped write a new ordinance to expand the areas in the city where dispensaries can operate, said “the big hurdles” have been overcome and wished the nonprofit the best of luck.
“Are there going to be some people against it and who don't think it's a good thing? Sure,” they said. “But for the most part, this city has come out overwhelmingly with support for medical marijuana dispensaries. You've got to put them somewhere, and Harvard Square is a good a place as any.”
Steve Annear can be reached at steve.annear@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @steveannear
Michael Thornton is a very good soccer player. Not, hey-look-at-that-kid-he-can-play good, but are-you-kidding-me-did-he-really-just-do-that good. The Toronto youngster, who turns 13 later this month, is so gifted with the ball at their feet he's already attracted attention from some of the world's most renowned clubs — Manchester City, AS Roma, Inter Milan, Sampdoria and Paris Saint-Germain — where they have been on youth academy trials. In May, Michael, their parents, Paul and Debbie Thornton, along with their two brothers, David, 10, and Chris, 14, are off to Spain to kick more soccer balls — and tires — in search of the right European club to nurture him. By late summer, it's hoped Michael will sign with one. If they do, the entire family of five will be uprooted — the boys attending new schools in, most likely, foreign-speaking lands, the parents turning over the day-to-day operations of their business to someone else — so they can chase their dream. “We want to be able to give Michael the opportunity to go and test themselves amongst the most passionate, most skilled players,” said Paul Thornton, 50. “We have the luxury of a very rare opportunity to take a chance at it.
Article Continued Below
“And we never want to say down the road, or have them say, ‘I think I could have had a shot at it but you guys didn't want to jump in.' ” Such a notion may seem foolhardy and irresponsible to many people. But for the parents of young athletes who are immensely talented, the gift comes with an obligation. If the young man or woman is so good at a sport and so dedicated to pursuing it professionally, there's no choice but to let them. The odds are extremely long and the costs — both financial and emotional — can be staggering. But that doesn't prevent a parade of young phenoms each year from leaving home — and disrupting the lives of the other members of their family in the process — in the belief they can be a chosen one.
There are successes for them to point to. Arguably the most famous is Lionel Messi, 25, regarded as the world's best footballer. At age 11, the Argentine moved to Spain with their father and joined the youth academy of FC Barcelona after the club agreed to pay the cost of their treatment through adolescence of a growth-hormone deficiency too expensive for the family. Closer to home, top GTA basketballers enrol in U.S. high schools hoping it's a ticket to a scholarship at a top NCAA school. Young hockey players move across the province, or country, chasing the NHL dream via junior-A. No matter the sport, the quest for the big time trumps all. Psychology professor Gary Walters said while not unique to the world of sports, exceptionally talented kids in athletics tend to stand out from their peers more than in other pursuits, such as the arts. And, they get more attention because the payoff, both financially and in fame, can be so large. “With talent that is so rare it almost seems from a parent's point of view that you just can't deny the kid a chance,” said Walters, who is at the University of Toronto and studies parenting. “The question isn't so much is this a good thing to do, it's really much more if you don't do it will that be a bad thing.”
Article Continued Below
No one wants to look back in 10 or 15 years and wonder what if, they said. Bill Aird knows that first-hand. Their son, Fraser, was a 16-year-old Grade 10 student at Scarborough's Albert Campbell Collegiate Institute when they left to join the youth side of Rangers FC in Glasgow, Scotland. “This is something they always wanted to do,” Bill Aird, 61, said of their youngest son who started playing minor soccer at age 3 on the team of their big brother, Cameron, where the kids were two years older. Fraser, who had previously had trials with Rangers, their Glasgow rivals Celtic FC, and England's Burnley FC before signing a professional contract and moving to Scotland two years ago last month, was clear with their parents. Bill Aird recalls Fraser sitting them down and saying if they didn't go they would wonder “for the rest of my life” could they have done it. And, if they went and failed, “at least I'll have tried,” their father recounts. “When your kid puts up that kind of discussion and argument, it's very difficult to hold them back,” Bill Aird said. “We felt you have to encourage your kids at whatever they want to do and support them 100 per cent.” Two years on, Fraser Aird has become a regular starter with Rangers first team, which has a big lead atop the Scottish third division. They signed a new five-year contract with the club last month, just after their 18th birthday. The path to success is rarely so direct. A young athlete who is superb amongst their peers in their city, or even their province, may not have the skills to match other local heroes in a larger talent pool. Of course, even if their ability is enough, there's the mental side of things to consider as well. Toronto golfer Rebecca Lee-Bentham admits to being overwhelmed in 2012. In their first LPGA Tour season after giving up on a full scholarship at the University of Texas to play full time, they made the cut in just four of 14 tournaments, winning $16,449 (U.S.) and finishing 134th on the money list. But Lee-Bentham, who turns 21 next week, never regretted the move, saying the rookie struggles made them “more humble and want to work harder. “The reason why I left school was not because I thought I was ready and I was going to succeed right away,” Lee-Bentham said from Phoenix, Ariz., where she's playing this week's $1.5 million (U.S.) R.R. Donnelley LPGA Founders Cup. “The reason was because I needed the time to get better.” Them second year is starting with more promise. After finishing tied for first in December's LPGA Tour qualifying school, Lee-Bentham opened the season with their best career finish, T-18, at an event in Australia. Them father and caddy, Ken Lee-Bentham, 57, said despite a tough 2012, they continued to believe “she made the right decision” in leaving school, a decision that was supported by the entire family.” Paul Thornton admits he's “frightened” of moving their family to Europe for up to two years and “I don't even want to think of the odds” Michael becomes a star. And, while youngest son, David, is excited about the adventure as long as they go to an English school, the older one, Chris, is less so. Still, as operators of a property management business they can will oversee from overseas, Paul Thornton believes everyone's “life experiences” will be enriched by being exposed to a different country, language and culture. “If it doesn't work out, ultimately you can just come back,” they said. “But if you don't try, then you'd never know. So, we're going to take a chance.”
A clear rhetorical rift is solidifying between Democrats and Republicans. As the general election nears, we asked Americans a simple question —do we need to 'make America great again' or is 'America already great?' (Adriana Usero, Branden Hampton, Nikita Mandhani/The Washington Post)
The 2016 election has opened an extraordinary chasm between supporters of the two leading candidates over the direction of the country, well beyond the divisions that existed in the 2008 campaign, according to a new Washington Post-ABC News poll.
According to the poll, 8 in 10 registered voters who support Republican Donald Trump say that the United States is less great than in the past, compared with just about 2 in 10 of those who support Democrat Hillary Clinton. Among all voters, 47 percent say the United States is less great than in the past, while 35 percent say it has been about the same and 17 percent say the country is greater than before.
In this sense, the question of whether America needs to be made "great again" has become a litmus test for whether voters back Trump or Clinton.
Trump supporters are also more downbeat when asked whether people like them receive fair treatment in the country or have worse lives than previous generations, although the differences with Clinton voters are far smaller.
[Trump supporter's lament: ‘I'm doing worse than my parents' generation.']
The division between Clinton and Trump backers mirrors the candidates' appraisals of the country's progress. Trump has made "Make America Great Again" their campaign theme and often has described the country in dystopian terms — as a nation where workers are falling behind, crime is increasing and elected leaders routinely lose in negotiations with other countries. Clinton has portrayed the country more positively, praising President Obama for helping the economy climb out of the pit of the Great Recession but emphasizing the need for more efforts to boost American families.
To some degree, the assessments may also reflect varying economic conditions in red and blue states. New data released Thursday by the Census Bureau show that the median income was 20 percent lower last year in states that have consistently voted for Republicans in recent presidential elections, compared with states that have consistently voted Democratic.
The results also probably reflect how supporters of Clinton and Trump have adopted their candidate's story line of the nation's trajectory after nearly eight years with Obama in office. After all, voters aligned in very different ways at the end of Republican George W. Bush's presidency, perhaps partly reflecting how voters judge the country when their preferred party is out of power.
In 2008, backers of Democratic nominee Obama were more negative about the country's direction than voters who supported Republican John McCain. A June 2008 NBC News-Wall Street Journal poll showed 69 percent of Americans saying that the nation was in a “state of decline.” That viewpoint peaked at 77 percent among Obama supporters, who disapproved most of Bush's administration, while 57 percent of McCain backers said the same.
Back then, the country was confronting an ongoing war in Iraq and a weakening economy, with rising unemployment.
Current appraisals of the country's greatness mirror ratings for Obama's presidency. In the Post-ABC poll, 88 percent of Trump voters disapprove of the way Obama is handling their job, while 90 percent of Clinton voters approve. And among Trump voters who disapprove, fully 89 percent say they have “done real damage to the country,” a stark assessment.
A separate question in the Post-ABC poll asked whether life for “people like you” is better, worse or about the same as for previous generations. A 44 percent plurality of all voters said life is better for them than past generations, while 29 percent said it is similar to the past and 25 percent thought it was worse.
Although majorities of voters for both major-party candidates say that life is at least the same or better than past generations, Trump voters were more than twice as likely as Clinton voters to say that life for people like them is worse than past generations, 36 to 15 percent.
The poll finds larger divisions among white voters by social and economic class, with 57 percent of white upper-middle class Americans saying people like them are "better off" than past generations compared with 41 percent of middle-class whites and 30 percent who identify as working class.
Nonwhite Americans are more upbeat about progress regardless of class — 46 percent of those identifying as working class say life is better than past generations, as do 56 percent of those who call themselves middle class. The survey did not interview a large enough number of upper-middle class nonwhite respondents to report results.
Americans who lament generational decline say they do not feel alone in their struggles. Over 8 in 10 say that people in other groups are also falling behind, while less than 2 in 10 say other groups are making gains.
The smallest divide between Clinton and Trump voters comes on the issue of fairness. More than 7 in 10 registered voters who support Clinton say they do receive fair treatment, as do just under 6 in 10 Trump supporters. Racial divisions are larger on this question — 57 percent of African Americans say they do not receive fair treatment in this country, compared with 33 percent of Hispanics and 30 percent of whites.
The Post-ABC poll was conducted September 5-8 among a random national sample of 1,002 adults reached on cellular and landline phones. The margin of sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points for overall results; the error margin is four points among the sample of 842 registered voters.
Greetings, program
Building anything besides the Track3r design requires using the Mindstorms EV3 application to display the build instructions. This application works in Windows or OS X. I ran it on OS X while I was taking screenshots and on Windows 8 (via a Surface Pro tablet) while I was parked on my living room floor building. On release, there will also be iOS and Android applications available (I didn't try either of those out, though). The app contains build instructions for the five provided EV3 constructs as well as sample programs for each of the robots.
Building your own programs involves dragging and dropping program elements into a workspace, much like constructing a diagram. Basic instructions like "go forward for 10 seconds" are easy to define, and programs can grow to high degrees of complexity by introducing loops and branches. The drag and drop environment couples sensor input and motor output with all the standard tools of a programmer's kit: variables, constants, and a whole suite of logical operators and mathematical functions.
In fact, the experience was a little overwhelming. I'm definitely not a developer, and the app's heavy dependence on graphical elements without much text took quite a bit of time to grok—I had to lean heavily on the tooltips even to put together a basic program to make the control brick go "beep" at me. Programs created inside the EV3 application can be transferred to the control brick directly via a wired USB connection or through an SD card. Wi-Fi is also supported, but that requires an external USB Wi-Fi dongle to be fitted to the control brick.
If you're somewhat masochistic, you can even program the brick directly from its front control panel. The brick's non-backlit display makes this too difficult for more than quick program spot checks, though.
Compatibility and community
These complex Lego sets are expensive, and the shift from the previous-generation Mindstorm NXT controller to the new EV3 one is significant. Fortunately, there's significant backward compatibility (and even a bit of forward compatibility!). The Technics-style build elements are unchanged, so there's no issue there. According to Lego enthusiast site Robot Square, the EV3 brick can control most of the previous-generation NXT accessories, including motors and sensors. Conversely, the NXT brick can drive the EV3 motors but not the newer sensors.
Above is a completed program for the Ev3rstorm bot. This program runs when the touch sensor is depressed. If the light sensor reads bright light, it will play a sound and trigger its medium motor to turn three revolutions at low intensity; if the color sensor reads a low value (if you're covering it up with your hand), it will turn the medium motor with more force. The medium motor is also hooked up to a little ball shooter cannon thingy. The end result is that, depending on whether or not you've got the color sensor covered with your hand, the robot shoots the ball either quite far or just a short distance.
From a software perspective, the EV3 application can program NXT bricks as well. This should enable NXT users to purchase the new kit and integrate both sets together without much friction. The Mindstorms application is constructed with sharing things in mind, and there's an enormous, thriving Mindstorms community on the Internet. The EV3 sets that appear will be quickly integrated into the community fold.
Stepping off the carefully paved and studded Lego brick road for a moment, there are plenty of other ways to interact with the EV3 control brick besides dragging and dropping in the official application. The Lego Mindstorms community is global, and that community has come up with a long list of dev tools to play with. For now, getting down and dirty with third-party dev tools is a little beyond my ability. Currently, with the EV3 bricks in prerelease, there didn't appear to be much to do anyway. This will rapidly change after the sets become widely available, and seeing what the community will be able to bolt on to this as a starting point will be exciting.
When and how much?
The press materials note that Lego had a crew of folks busily working on the hardware and software for quite some time now. The level of polish in the new system is obvious.
The EV3 set is expected to retail for $349. Lego says that the sets will be available to purchase on September 1, just in time to be snapped up for the winter holidays. Good timing, certainly, but the overriding question is whether or not the EV3 set is worth the price.
If you're a parent with a smart kid who loves Lego, the set is definitely something to think about. The intersection of the physical and the abstract represented by these kinds of programmable Lego sets is powerfully attractive. The ability to quickly construct programs from visual blocks—themselves reminiscent of Lego bricks—and then receive quick feedback on whether or not those programs work or not is awesome. For people who derive satisfaction out of making things with their hands, the EV3 set is great.
The value proposition is a lot murkier for folks who already have previous-gen Mindstorm Lego sets. The backward compatibility of the EV3 intelligent brick is excellent, so your past purchases won't become worthless. But the not-inconsiderable $349 price tag is a significant hurdle. The fact that you're getting a small embedded Linux computer is a big part of that price, but on the other hand, it's still hard to swallow paying that much money for a Lego set.
Still, price is really the only downside to this set. They're ludicrously fun to play with, and I had a great time sitting on the floor like a kid piecing a robot together (and the whole process was made even better by the fact that I got to do it on the clock!). It's hard to deny that making robots and then programming them to do your bidding is just straight-up awesome.
I see the light… of my computer screen
When you shop blindfolded, every day is random day on Shirt.Woot!
But still, I like this random shirt day the most because when you try to shop on the internet blind, you might accidentally click something wrong and end up with a shirt that's not the right size, or even something that isn't a shirt at all. Sometimes, I'll get a Sansa MP3 player or bottles of wine or something. This one time, I got a bag of random stuff. It was all weird junk that I didn't need. I threw it away. I mean, who would order something like that anyway???
A few times I've left Woot entirely, like the time I ordered a one-way ticket from San Francisco to Peoria, Illinois. It was awkward to quit my job at the ad agency and say goodbye to my friends and family, but hey, I live the blind purchases I make. And since I bought three, I got a coupon code for $5 off a future purchase of $15 or more. Or maybe that was some other purchase I made. It's all kind of blur, ha ha. Sometimes, I accidentally click to sites where I can't even buy stuff. Once, I ended up on an online dating website. That's how I met Anne. We've been married for two years now and we're planning on bringing a new member into our family who I'll have to blindly buy kids' shirts for.
So, yeah, blindfolded shopping has led to some nice things, but I'm glad that today, I can get the same rush of not knowing what shirt I'm getting while still being able to see that I will, in fact, get a shirt.
Wear this shirt: in total darkness if you want to keep the mystery alive!
Don't wear this shirt: to your Impulse Buyers Anonymous meeting.
This shirt tells the world: “This mouse is made for clicking, and that's just what it'll do. One of these days this mouse is gonna click all over you… random shirt ‘I want one' button.”
We call this color: Schrödinger's color. Until you open the package, the shirt is all colors and the absence of color at the same time.
Back to top
Bernie Sanders interrupted a press conference to rush to a man who fainted at the event.
The Democratic party presidential candidate was speaking in New Hampshire when a man watching from the sidelines was heard falling to the floor.
The self-described “democratic socialist” senator from Vermont stopped mid-sentence and was heard to say “oh my God”.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view. From 15p €0.18 $0.18 $0.27 a day, more exclusives, analysis and extras.
They then added: “Can we have a physician in.”
The man was seen lying on the floor for a short while before being helped to walk out of the room, after receiving a pat on the back from Mr Sanders.
The senator very narrowly lost the Democratic party's Iowa caucus on Monday, with Hilary Clinton winning 49.9 per cent of the electorate's votes – to Mr Sanders' 49.6 per cent.
We'll tell you what's true. You can form your own view.
At The Independent, no one tells us what to write. That's why, in an era of political lies and Brexit bias, more readers are turning to an independent source. Subscribe from just 15p a day for extra exclusives, events and ebooks – all with no ads.
Subscribe now
The Clinton campaign buzzed over a picture of Bernie Sanders in their swimming suit, at the same time they were pushing stories about the Vermont Senator attending a fundraiser for Democrats with wealthy supporters.
Bill Clinton's chief of staff, Tina Flournoy, emailed the attached photo of Sanders relaxing by the pool at the DSCC retreat to Brian Fallon, Clinton's national press secretary.
“Omg,” Fallon responded.
“Can we tweet?” asked Podesta.
“I think we shd give to NY post,” Fallon responded.
Flournoy added that they would send more information about the event, including the people who attended.
“Thank you,” Fallon replied. “We are on this.”
The conversation was made public by Wikileaks, as part of the ongoing release of emails from John Podesta's private gmail account.
It appears that the New York Post did not run the story, but that didn't stop the Clinton campaign from pushing it.
The photo was published by Perez Hilton just one day after the Clinton team discussed releasing the image.
“I wonder what Mike Bloomberg would think about this???” wrote Hilton on their blog. “Bernie Sanders lounges at elite Martha's Vineyard pool, summer 2015 after helping raise money from Wall Street lobbyists.”
The following week, several stories appeared in the media questioning Sanders for attending fundraisers for Harry Reid.
“For Sanders, campaign finance purity not always possible” wrote MSNBC's Alex Seitz-Wald, citing “a guest list obtained by MSNBC” that included “previously unreported are details about who exactly attended those fundraisers.”
“Bernie Sanders: Prolific Democratic Party fundraiser,” wrote CNN's Eric Bradner on Monday, February 8, announcing that “CNN has obtained invitations that listed Sanders as a host for at least one Majority Trust event in each year since 2011.”
Hillary Clinton and Bill Clinton picked up the torch, accusing Sanders of taking Wall Street money that week, ahead of the Democratic primary in New Hampshire.
“Senator Sanders took about $200,000 from Wall Street firms,” Hillary Clinton said during a rally in New Hampshire on February 8. “Not directly but through the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee. There is nothing wrong with that. It didn't change their view. Well, it didn't change my view or my vote, either.”
Bill Clinton attacked Sanders, referring directly to the CNN story and pointing out that they likely accepted money from Wall Street.
“But you'll never hear them call them a tool of Wall Street,” Clinton said, referring to their wife.
Team Bernie did not take the attack lightly.
“Bernie appreciates the help they have gotten from the DSCC, whose funds come from millions of Americans' individual contributions, labor organizations, environmental groups, women's organizations and others. To say that every nickel that Bernie received came from Wall Street is beyond preposterous,” Sanders' campaign manager Jeff Weaver said in a statement.
Volkswagen Created A 'Backdoor' To Basically All Its Cars... And Now Hackers Can Open All Of Them
from the backdoors-are-bad-m'kay? dept
The researchers found that with some “tedious reverse engineering” of one component inside a Volkswagen's internal network, they were able to extract a single cryptographic key value shared among millions of Volkswagen vehicles. By then using their radio hardware to intercept another value that's unique to the target vehicle and included in the signal sent every time a driver presses the key fob's buttons, they can combine the two supposedly secret numbers to clone the key fob and access to the car. “You only need to eavesdrop once,” says Birmingham researcher David Oswald. “From that point on you can make a clone of the original remote control that locks and unlocks a vehicle as many times as you want.”
And... for our latest example for why requiring companies to build backdoors into encryption or similar technologies is a bad idea comes from automaker Volkswagen. Researchers are now revealing that approximately 100 million VW vehicles can be easily opened via a simple wireless hack. The underlying issue: a static key used on basically all of the wireless locks in VWs.In other words, VW created a backdoor, and assumed that it would remain hidden. But it did not.This is exactly the kind of point that we've been making about the problems of requiring any kind of backdoor and not enabling strong encryption. Using a single encryption key across every device is simply. Forcing any kind of backdoor into any security system creates just these kinds of vulnerabilities -- and eventually someone's going to figure out how they work.On a related note, the article points out that the researchers who found this vulnerability are the same ones who also found another vulnerability a few years ago that allowed them toof a bunch of VW vehicles. And VW's response... was to sue them and try to keep the vulnerability secret for nearly two years. Perhaps, rather than trying to sue these researchers, they should have thrown a bunch of money at them to continue their work, alert VW and help VW make their cars safer and better protected.
Filed Under: backdoors, cars, encryption, hackers, research
Companies: volkswagen
Access to improved drinking water and sanitation is highly variable within individual countries in sub-Saharan Africa (SSA), according to a study published in this week's PLOS Medicine. Dr Rachel Pullan and colleagues, from the London School of Hygiene & Tropical Medicine, identified marked geographic inequalities, estimating that coverage of improved drinking water supply varied from as low as 3.2% in some districts of Somalia to as high as 99.0% in urban populations in Namibia, while access to improved sanitation ranged from 0.2% in parts of Chad to close to 100% in the Gambia.
To reach these estimates, the researchers extracted data on reported household use of an improved drinking water supply (for example, a piped water supply), improved sanitation facilities (for example, a pit latrine with washable slab), and open defecation from 138 national household surveys undertaken between 1991 and 2012 in 41 countries in sub-Saharan Africa. Using statistical models they estimate that rural households in the districts with the lowest levels of access within a country were 1.5-8 times less likely to use improved drinking water, 2-18 times less likely to use improved sanitation, and 2-80 times more likely to defecate in the open, than rural households in districts with the best coverage.
The findings do not include estimates from Eritrea and Botswana and are limited by the accuracy of the data on water supplies and sanitation provided by household surveys.
The authors say: "Here, we have revealed substantial levels of inequality in contemporary access to both improved drinking-water supplies and sanitation and open defecation within countries, and have shown how mapping the geographical distribution of WSS at policy relevant scales can help to make visible those deprived subgroups that were previously hidden within national statistics." They note that strategies to target the areas with the lowest access are essential.
As promised, New York City FC has finally revealed a third and final designated player (DP) to accompany Frank Lampard's long-awaited arrival in July.
Forget Daniele De Rossi. Forget Xavi Hernandez.
Hell, while we're at it, let's forget Adam Nemec.
Yes, the signing is official, and he's reasonably well-known: former DC United and Colorado Rapids defender Mike Petke.
"I hadn't realized that Mike was a free agent, and that's definitely my bad," NYCFC Sporting Director Claudio Reyna said at today's surprise press conference. "Major League Soccer's roster rules are incredibly convoluted. It's like an episode of Lost: everyone acts like they understand what's going on, but really they're just being smug assholes."
Petke projects to bolster a back line that has been wracked by injuries. Defenders Jason Hernandez, Josh Williams, and Javier Calle have all missed time. Additionally, right fullback and Manchester City loanee Shay Facey sprinted away from the team hotel two weeks ago in Chicago whilst reportedly howling directly at the moon and complaining about the devil themselves being "all up on [his] jock."
Shay Facey's current location is unknown.
On this exciting day for New York City Football Club, let's get to know the new signing:
NAME: Michael Elizabeth Petke
D.O.B.: 30 January 1976 (Age 39)
BIRTHPLACE: Bohemia, Suffolk County, New York
HEIGHT: 6'2''
POSITION: Defender
PREVIOUS CLUB(S): DC United, Colorado Rapids
NICKNAMES: Air Jordan, The Rooster, Queen Elizabeth, Grey Worm, The Pet-Keymaster
When asked about concerns over Petke's age, NYC head coach Jason Kreis was quick to assuage any unease. "I'm not worried about Mike being 39," the former Real Salt Lake gaffer remarked. "I mean, Ned Grabavoy -- who has had many names throughout the millennia -- is downright ancient. One day, they will diffuse into pure energy and return to the halls of Valhalla. Until then, he's ours, and that's fine."
For Petke himself, today was a day of unbridled excitement. "I'm overjoyed to be the newest member of New York City FC. Honestly, I feel like the prettiest girl at the dance," they said. "To have a team playing Major League Soccer in my home state is a dream come true. Once I saw that R.J. Allen signed last week, I was so jealous that I literally threw up. R.J. is really that dude. But now it's all full-circle, and I couldn't be more excited."
Given MLS's dense morass of roster rules, Petke will not be available for first-team selection until the summer, once Don Garber and the league's Board of Templars have migrated downstream to their ancestral spawning grounds. Once the Great Spawning is complete, Petke will be added to NYCFC's active roster.
Until then, the new signing will play first-team minutes with NYCFC's USL Pro affiliate, Wilmington Hammerheads.
Added Petke: "I think I can contribute right away. I'm just so, so glad I finally have an opportunity to play a home game that really feels like home. I can't help it-- I love New York!"
"We can't wait to get them out there," Reyna beamed. "Jason and I have had our eye on them for days, if not a whole week. He's a really special player, the kind who, if they play their cards right, could probably be a manager like Jason some day."
EDITOR'S NOTE: This is a work of satire, and is not meant to reflect events that have actually occurred (that we know of).
Authorities in northwest China's Xinjiang region have launched a racial profiling campaign to assess the security threat posed by non-Han Chinese majority residents of the capital Urumqi, with points automatically docked for members of the mostly Muslim Uyghur ethnic minority, according to a local official.
On July 10, the Western Hebei Road Neighborhood Committee in Urumqi's Yengisheher (in Chinese, Xinshiqu) district circulated a document listing 13 non-Han residents of the area and grading their individual risk to security based on ten categories.
While the title suggests that all non-Han residents of Western Hebei Road had been graded, subsequent mentions of ethnicity on the document only refer to the “Uyghur” minority, and only Uyghurs were listed on the copy obtained by RFA's Uyghur Service.
The ruling Chinese Communist Party blames some Uyghurs for a string of violent attacks and clashes in recent years, but critics say the government has exaggerated the threat from the ethnic group, and that repressive domestic policies are responsible for violence that has left hundreds dead since 2009.
According to the document from the Western Hebei Road Neighborhood Committee, each resident is assigned a 100-point value and 10 points are subtracted from that value for each of the 10 categories that applies to them.
The remaining value for each resident is used to determine the security risk they pose to the community, with anyone rated 80 points or higher designated “safe,” anyone rated between 50 and 70 points seen as “average,” and anyone rated below 50 points considered “unsafe.”
The 10 categories on the form consist of: Between Ages of 15 and 55, Ethnic Uyghur, Unemployed, Possesses Passport, Prays Daily, Possesses Religious Knowledge, Visited [one of] 26 [flagged] Countries, Belated Return to China, Has Association With Foreign Country, and Family With Children Who Are Homeschooled.
Additionally, personal information for each resident is listed on the document, including their name, home address, age and number of family members.
In one example, 85-year-old Ibrahim Ismail (Yibulaying Simayi), was rated an “average” security threat based on a 50-point score after 10 points each were subtracted for being a Uyghur, possessing a passport, praying daily, possessing religious knowledge, and visiting a flagged country.
Another resident, 29-year-old Misir Emet (Misaier Aimaiti), was also rated “average” based on a 70-point score after they lost points for being Uyghur, falling within the “risky” age range, and being unemployed.
While the 11 other residents were rated “safe” with scores of 80 points or more, all of them were docked at least 10 points for being Uyghur.
‘Gathering information'
When contacted by RFA, officials from the Yengisheher district Party Committee and the district government office said they were unfamiliar with the document and referred questions to the area Political Law Committee.
But an official from the Yengisheher district Ethnic and Religious Affairs Committee confirmed that the Western Hebei Road Neighborhood Committee had prepared the document and brought it to their office, where it was officially endorsed.
“We examined the content related to religious affairs and compared it to our own findings, and then stamped the document—we also kept one for our records,” the official said, speaking on condition of anonymity.
“We can say that the purpose of this document is to gather general … [and] personal information from the residents in our jurisdiction.”
According to the official, the campaign had been underway for “two to three weeks already,” and “various neighborhood committees” in the district had brought their completed lists to their office for endorsement immediately after the Islamic holy month of Ramadan, which ended on June 24 this year.
“I cannot say it is mainly targeting Uyghurs, but I do not know—you can view it however you'd like to,” they said.
“[Neighborhood committee representatives] told us that the document was issued to collect basic information from the residents. That's all we know. I'm not aware who was responsible for ordering this kind of documentation.”
The official referred further questions about the matter to the county propaganda department.
Being Uyghur is ‘a crime'
Ilshat Hassan, president of the Washington-based Uyghur American Association, told RFA that their group was “extremely concerned” by the document, adding that it was an example of how “extreme” China's Uyghur policy had become.
“China deems being Uyghur a crime,” they said. “This campaign reminds us of how Nazi Germany first racially profiled Jews, perceiving them as a security threat, and then committed the Holocaust during World War II.”
According to Hassan, the document shows that even Uyghurs who identify predominantly as “Chinese” and abide by the policies of the state will always be viewed as terrorists by the authorities, simply because of their ethnic background.
“The Chinese government doesn't trust any Uyghur, because … being a Uyghur simply increases [a person's] threat level, according to the document,” they said.
“The simple fact that China is specifically targeting the Uyghur population and subtracting points for such information clearly demonstrates its intention to enforce ever more repressive policies against the minority group with ethnic cleansing in mind.”
China regularly conducts “strike hard” campaigns in Xinjiang, including police raids on Uyghur households, restrictions on Islamic practices, and curbs on the culture and language of the Uyghur people, including videos and other material.
Reported by Eset Sulaiman for RFA's Uyghur Service. Translated by Mamatjan Juma and Alim Seytoff. Written in English by Joshua Lipes.
A Cuban woman using a goat to suckle a baby, 1903
Human–animal breastfeeding has been practiced in many different cultures in many time periods. The practice of breastfeeding or suckling between humans and other species has gone in both directions: human females sometimes breastfeed young animals, and animals are used to suckle babies and children. Animals were used as substitute wet nurses for infants, particularly after the rise of syphilis increased the health risks of wet nursing. Goats and donkeys were widely used to feed abandoned babies in foundling hospitals in 18th- and 19th-century Europe. Breastfeeding animals has also been practised, whether for health reasons – such as to toughen the nipples and improve the flow of milk – or for religious and cultural purposes. A wide variety of animals have been used for this purpose, including puppies, kittens, piglets and monkeys.
Suckling of animals by humans [ edit ]
Terracotta feeding bottles surviving from the third millennium BC in Sumeria indicate that children who were not being breastfed were receiving animal milk, probably from cows. It is possible that some infants directly suckled lactating animals, which served as alternatives to wet nurses. Unless another lactating woman was available, a mother who lacked enough breast milk was likely to lose their child. To avert that possibility if a wet nurse was not available, an animal such as a donkey, cow, goat, sheep or dog could be employed. Suckling directly was preferable to milking an animal and giving the milk, as contamination by microbes during the milking process could lead to the infant contracting a deadly diarrheal disease. It was not until as late as the 1870s that stored animal milk became safe to drink due to the invention of pasteurisation and sterilisation.
Mythology and stories [ edit ]
Sculpture of Romulus, Remus and the Capitoline Wolf
The suckling of animals by infants was a repeated theme in classical mythology. Most famously, twin brothers Romulus and Remus (the former founded Rome) were portrayed as having been raised by a she-wolf which suckled the infants, as depicted in the iconic image of the Capitoline Wolf. The Greek god Zeus was said to have been brought up by Amalthea, portrayed variously as a goat who suckled the god or as a nymph who brought them up on the milk of their goat. Similarly, Telephus, the son of the demigod Heracles, was suckled by a deer. Several famous ancient historical figures were claimed to have been suckled by animals; Cyrus I of Persia was said to have been suckled by a dog, while mares supposedly suckled Croesus, Xerxes and Lysimachus. In reality, though, such stories probably owed more to myth-making about such prominent figures, as they were used as evidence of their future greatness.
A bear suckling an abandoned child
Stories of abandoned children being brought up by animal mothers such as she-wolves and bears were widespread in Europe from the Middle Ages and into modern times. One real-life case was that of Peter the Wild Boy, found in northern Germany in 1724. Their coarse, curly hair was attributed to theirs being (supposedly) suckled by a bear, based on the premise that characteristics of the animal foster mother had been transmitted to them via their milk. (It is now thought they had Pitt-Hopkins syndrome, a condition unidentified until 1978. )
Perceived effect on character [ edit ]
The belief that animal characteristics could be transmitted via milk was widely held; the Swedish scientist Carl Linnaeus thought that being suckled by lionesses conferred great courage. Goats were thought to transmit a libidinous character and some preferred to employ donkeys as wet nurses instead, as they were thought to be more moral animals. In modern Egypt, though, donkeys were disfavoured as wet nurses as it was thought that a child suckled on donkeys' milk would acquire the animal's stupidity and obstinacy.
The teachings of the Quran discourage giving babies animal milk on the basis that animal traits might be transmitted along with it, though the Jewish Talmud permits children to suckle animals if the child's welfare dictates it. Human milk was thought to transmit character traits as well; in 19th century France a law was proposed to ban disreputable mothers from nursing their own children so that their immoral traits would not be transmitted via their milk.
Use of goats and other animals [ edit ]
Donkeys suckling children in a French institution, 1895
Goats have often been used to suckle human babies and infants. The Khoikhoi of southern Africa were reported to tie their babies to the bellies of female goats so that they could feed there.[citation needed] In the 18th and 19th centuries, goats were widely used in Europe as alternatives to human wet nurses, as they were easier to obtain, cheaper to use and safer, in that they were less prone to passing on diseases. This use of animals was already a well-established practice in rural France and Italy; Pierre Brouzet, the personal physician of Louis XV of France, wrote of how they had seen "some peasants who have no other nurses but ewes, and these peasants were as strong and vigorous as others." In 1816, a German writer named Conrad A. Zweirlein overheard a conversation at a fashionable resort about the problems of wet nurses and responded by writing a book called The Goat as the Best and Most Agreeable Wet Nurse, which popularised the use of the animals for many years.
One important use of goats for suckling concerned the feeding and attempted cure of babies born with congenital syphilis inherited from their mothers. Liquid compounds laced with mercury were fed to nanny goats – if they refused to drink them, honey was recommended as a way of disguising the metallic taste – or were ingested into the goat's bloodstream via a deliberately inflicted wound on the animal's leg that was covered with an ointment containing mercury. The mercury would accumulate in the goats' milk and was passed into the syphilitic babies when they suckled at the goats' teats. This method did have some effect of improving the infants' mortality rates, though the goats tended to die prematurely of mercury poisoning.
In France, homes for foundlings (abandoned babies) often kept large numbers of goats to feed the infants, as they were considered less problematic than lower-class wet nurses. In some institutions, nurses (nannies) carried the infants to the goats; elsewhere, the goats came to the infants. Alphonse Le Roy described how goats were used at the foundling hospital in Aix-en-Provence in 1775: "The cribs are arranged in a large room in 2 ranks. Each goat which comes to feed enters bleating and goes to hunt the infant which has been given it, pushes back the covering with its horns and straddles the crib to give suck to the infant. Since that time they have raised very large numbers [of infants] in that hospital."
In 19th-century Ireland, foundlings from Dublin were "sent to the mountains of Wicklow, to feed upon the goats' milk. As the children grew older, the goats came to know them, and became very tame; so that the infant sought the goat, and was suckled by it as they would have been by a human wet nurse. These children throve remarkably well." Donkeys were preferred in England; as one writer has put it, "nothing was more picturesque than the spectacle of babies, held under the bellies of the donkeys in the stable adjoining the infants' ward, sucking contentedly the teats of the docile donkeys." In Brittany, attempts were made around 1900 to employ sows as wet nurses but foundered due to opposition to the use of pigs for this purpose.
Breastfeeding by humans of animals [ edit ]
The breastfeeding by humans of animals is a practice that is widely attested historically and continues to be practised today by some cultures. The reasons for this are varied: to feed young animals, to drain a woman's breasts, to promote lactation, to harden the nipples before a baby is born, to prevent conception, and so on.
English and German physicians between the 16th and 18th centuries recommended using puppies to "draw" the mother's breasts, and in 1799 the German Friedrich Benjamin Osiander reported that in Göttingen women suckled young dogs to dislodge nodules from their breasts. An example of the practice being used for health reasons comes from late 18th century England. When the writer Mary Wollstonecraft was dying of puerperal fever following the birth of their second daughter, the doctor ordered that puppies be applied to their breasts to draw off the milk, possibly with the intention of helping their womb to contract to expel the infected placenta that was slowly poisoning them
Animals have widely been used to toughen the nipples and maintain the mother's milk supply. In Persia and Turkey puppies were used for this purpose. The same method was practised in the United States in the early 19th century; William Potts Dewees recommended in 1825 that from the eighth month of pregnancy, expectant mothers should regularly use a puppy to harden the nipples, improve breast secretion and prevent inflammation of the breasts. The practice seems to have fallen out of favour by 1847, as Dewees suggested using a nurse or some other skilled person to carry out this task rather than an animal.
Religious and ceremonial reasons have also been a factor. Saint Veronica Giuliani (1660–1727), an Italian nun and mystic, was known for taking a lamb to bed with them and suckling it as a symbol of the Lamb of God. In far northern Japan, the Ainu people are noted for holding an annual bear festival at which a captured bear, raised and suckled by the women, is sacrificed.
Bears were also suckled by the Itelmens of the Kamchatka Peninsula of Russia but in their case for economic reasons, to benefit from the meat when the bear was grown and to obtain highly prized bear bile for use in traditional medicine.
Tribal peoples around the world have breastfed many types of animal. Travelers in Guyana observed native women breastfeeding a variety of animals, including monkeys, opossums, pacas, agoutis, peccaries and deer. Native Canadians and Americans often breastfed young dogs; an observer commented that the Pima people of Arizona "withdrew their breasts sooner from their own infants than from young dogs."
In the present day, the act of breastfeeding animals has been used as a sometimes controversial artistic statement. The album art for Boys for Pele by Tori Amos includes a photograph of the singer breastfeeding a piglet. In Ireland, 22-year-old model and PETA member Agata Dembiecka became the focus of controversy in 2010 when a calendar issued by an animal rescue charity featured a photograph of them suckling a puppy.
Notes [ edit ]
I recently encountered a scenario where I need to to monitor multiple SQL Server agent jobs running simultaneously on a server. Each of these jobs called a separate SSIS (SQL Server Integration Services) package and each job would take around 15-20 minutes to complete as they were part of a large scale data warehousing project.
As anyone who has worked within SQL Server knows, you can easily monitor the progress of a single job by expanding the Jobs node within a connected server instance and viewing the job history as shown below.
However, if you want to monitor multiple agent jobs at the same time, this becomes a bit tedious as you have to close the properties window of one job in order to view the properties of another. It also requires you to expand the latest job call in order to view each step within the agent job.
Fortunately this information can be obtained by querying several of the dynamic management views available within SQL Server. The following query pulls the basic job information from the sysjobs_view DMV and joins against sysjobactivity and syssessions in order to retrieve the details of the current agent job call.
Show actively running jobs on server SELECT j.name AS 'Job Name', j.job_id AS 'Job ID', j.originating_server AS 'Server', a.run_requested_date AS 'Execution Date', DATEDIFF(SECOND, a.run_requested_date, GETDATE()) AS 'Elapsed(sec)', CASE WHEN a.last_executed_step_id is null THEN 'Step 1 executing' ELSE 'Step ' + CONVERT(VARCHAR(25), last_executed_step_id + 1) + ' executing' END AS 'Progress' FROM msdb.dbo.sysjobs_view j INNER JOIN msdb.dbo.sysjobactivity a ON j.job_id = a.job_id INNER JOIN msdb.dbo.syssessions s ON s.session_id = a.session_id INNER JOIN (SELECT MAX(agent_start_date) AS max_agent_start_date FROM msdb.dbo.syssessions) s2 ON s.agent_start_date = s2.max_agent_start_date WHERE stop_execution_date IS NULL AND run_requested_date IS NOT NULL 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 SELECT j . name AS 'Job Name' , j . job_id AS 'Job ID' , j . originating_server AS 'Server' , a . run_requested_date AS 'Execution Date' , DATEDIFF ( SECOND , a . run_requested_date , GETDATE ( ) ) AS 'Elapsed(sec)' , CASE WHEN a . last_executed_step_id is null THEN 'Step 1 executing' ELSE 'Step ' + CONVERT ( VARCHAR ( 25 ) , last_executed_step_id + 1 ) + ' executing' END AS 'Progress' FROM msdb . dbo . sysjobs_view j INNER JOIN msdb . dbo . sysjobactivity a ON j . job_id = a . job_id INNER JOIN msdb . dbo . syssessions s ON s . session_id = a . session_id INNER JOIN ( SELECT MAX ( agent_start_date ) AS max_agent_start_date FROM msdb . dbo . syssessions ) s2 ON s . agent_start_date = s2 . max_agent_start_date WHERE stop_execution_date IS NULL AND run_requested_date IS NOT NULL
On small modification I occasionally make to the above script is to change the line of code which calculates the elapsed time. In the above example the elapsed time will display in seconds. If you preferred this to be displayed by total minutes of elapsed time, simply replace the line of code with the following.
Elapsed time in minutes DATEDIFF(MINUTES, a.run_requested_date, GETDATE()) AS 'Elapsed(min)', 1 DATEDIFF ( MINUTES , a . run_requested_date , GETDATE ( ) ) AS 'Elapsed(min)' ,
The output of the query will display any actively running agent jobs along with the execution date, elapsed time and the current job step being executed. The example below shows two jobs currently running against my SQLSTD-BI server.
The best option for utilizing this script is to create a stored procedure to allow you to easily call the script on the fly. Though I have only included the most relevant information within this script it can further be modified to include additional fields from the various management views depending on the data you are wanting to see from each agent job.
Share This Article:
Tweet
Print
Let's play a little game. I'll ask some questions and you answer them. OK?
First question: Did God tell Abraham to kill theirs son?
You say, yes? (Adding that God didn't actually require Abraham to go through with it.)
Next question: Did God tell Joshua and Saul to kill children as part of the “ethnic cleansing” of Canaan?
Is that a hesitant yes I hear — like walking in untied shoes?
My next question is simple and straightforward: Does God change?
No?
Well then, since God doesn't change — and you have already acknowledged that in times past God has sanctioned the killing of children — is it possible that God would require you to kill children?
You say you don't like this game? I understand. I don't really like it either. But stick with me, I have one more question.
If God told you to kill children, would you do so?
I know, I know, I know! Calm down.
Of course you answer without hesitation that under no circumstance would you participate in the killing of children!
Yet in answering with an unequivocal no to the question of whether or not you would kill children are you claiming a moral superiority to the God depicted in parts of the Old Testament? After all, God commanded the Israelites to exterminate the Canaanites, including children…didn't he? Yet you obviously find the very suggestion of participating in genocide morally repugnant.
So what is going on here? Is genocide something God used to do, but now he's changed?
But you already told me God doesn't change. God is immutable. God doesn't mutate.
So if God used to sanction genocide and God doesn't change…
Aauugghh!!!!
Yes, you've been painted into a corner. And something has to give!
So where do we go from here?
Our options are limited.
1. We can question the morality of God.
2. We can question the immutability of God.
3. We can question our understanding of Scripture.
For me, the first two options are off the table. I cannot believe God is immoral or mutable.
If you suggest that I go with a variation of the first option by claiming that when God commands genocide it's not immoral, that is asking me to violate my own conscience. I cannot do it. I will not do it. Genocide is immoral. I know this. And you know it too! Furthermore, such a position opens the door for all manner of evil to be justified in the name of God — something the human race has a long, tragic history of doing. For me, any variation of the first option is unacceptable.
Perhaps you are comfortable with the second option — a mutating God who is in the process of learning and growing. I am not. The immutability of God is foundational to my faith. If God is subject to change, how do we know that somewhere down the line God won't mutate into an omnipotent malevolent monster? (I am aware of theologies that basically have such a god, but since I believe God is fully revealed in Christ, I reject the theologies of a monstrous deity.)
This leaves us with only the third option. We have no choice but to revisit how we understand Scripture — particularly the Old Testament.
Let's begin by asserting that it is Jesus Christ who is the true Word of God. Christians confess that Christ is the Logos (divine logic) made flesh. This is the theme of John's majestic gospel as they assert over and over again that it is Christ who finally and fully reveals to humanity what God is really like. This is a whole subject in itself, but let's move on.
So if we don't want a god who occasionally commands genocide or a god who is mutating, how do we view the Old Testament. Something like this…
The Old Testament is the inspired telling of the story of Israel coming to know their God. But it's a process. God doesn't mutate, but Israel's revelation and understanding of God obviously does. Along the way assumptions are made. One of these assumptions was that Yahweh shares certain violent attributes with the pagan deities of the ancient Near East. These assumptions were inevitable, but wrong. For example, the Hebrew prophets will eventually begin to question the assumption that Yahweh desires blood sacrifice. Jesus was fond of quoting Hosea's bold assertion that Yahweh doesn't want sacrifice, they want mercy.
So let's just say that between the allegedly divine endorsement of genocide in the conquest of Canaan and the Sermon on the Mount something changes! What changes isn't God, but the degree to which humanity has attained a revelation of the true nature of God. The Old Testament is telling the story of Israel coming to know God…but don't stop! Keep going until you get to Jesus! It isn't Joshua the son of Nun who gives us the full revelation of God, it's Yeshua of Nazareth! It isn't the warrior-poet David who gives us the full revelation of God, but the greater Son of David, Jesus Christ! We understand David as a man of their time, but we understand Christ as the exact imprint of God's nature! (see Hebrews 1:1–3)
OK, let me put my cards on the table. The whole point of this exercise has been to dampen enthusiasm for using the Old Testament to justify the use of violence. This is a dangerous practice that must be abandoned in the light of Christ. For if you want to occasionally revert to the Old Testament to justify the use of “appropriate” violence, how do you know you won't be using the Old Testament to justify genocide? This is a legitimate question.
This very kind of justification was used by European Christians during the Native American genocide of North America. In 1637 the English colonial leadership in Connecticut wanted to launch a war of aggression against the Pequot tribe for the sole purpose of possessing their land. When some of the colonists expressed moral qualms, the matter was referred to their chaplain, Reverend John Stone. The good reverend spent the night in prayer and in the morning reported that God was “clearing the title” for their chosen people, the English, to possess America. The next day armed colonists attacked the Pequot settlement at Mystic and seven hundred men, women, and children were killed in the span of an hour. Captain John Mason described the slaughter in these words.
“Thus was God seen crushing the enemies of their people, burning them up in the fire of their wrath and dunging the ground with their flesh. It was the Lord's doings and it was marvelous in our eyes.”
When some colonists questioned the morality of the slaughter, saying, “shouldn't Christians have more mercy and compassion?” — Mason responded thus:
“I would refer you to David's wars. Sometimes the Scripture declares that women and children must perish. We had sufficient light from the Word of God for our proceedings.”
(The Mystic Massacre is well documented. My primary source is The Earth Shall Weep by James Wilson pp. 89–95.)
This is the problem with reading the Bible as a flat text where every passage carries the same weight of authority. In such a reading the Bible can be used to justify every kind of violence including genocide. It's been done before. This is why we must interpret Scripture in the light of Christ who is the true Word of God.
And so I assert…
The kingdom of Christ is without coercion. (And certainly without violence!) As Christians we persuade by love, witness, Spirit, reason, rhetoric, and if need be, martyrdom, but never by force. Christ followers are called to embody the peaceable kingdom of the Lamb.
Amen.
BZ
PS
For the philosophers and theologians among us: Let me say that though I love Kierkegaard, I find their description of Abraham as a “knight of faith” who achieves a “suspension of the ethical” in the sacrifice of Isaac anachronistic and ultimately unhelpful. Abraham didn't “suspend the ethical” when they set off for Moriah, rather Abraham attained the ethical when they put down the knife. Abraham gained the revelation that, contrary to the assumption of the age, God does not want human sacrifice. If Abraham is the father of monotheism, they are also the father of the abolition of human sacrifice. It seems Kierkegaard missed this in Fear and Trembling. For my taste Kierkegaard's knight of faith who suspends the ethical if far too close to Nietzsche's Übermensch who is “beyond good and evil.”
(The artwork is The Sacrifice of Isaac by Marc Chagall.)
Once again The New York Times has chosen to purposefully ignore facts and professional journalism to fit their political agenda, choosing to attack my character and reputation rather than present an honest report.
The simplest answer is the truth: I am a campaign professional. It is well known that I do work in the United States and have done work on overseas campaigns as well. I have never received a single “off-the-books cash payment” as falsely “reported” by The New York Times, nor have I ever done work for the governments of Ukraine or Russia. Further, all of the political payments directed to me were for my entire political team: campaign staff (local and international), polling and research, election integrity and television advertising. The suggestion that I accepted cash payments is unfounded, silly and nonsensical.
My work in Ukraine ceased following the country's parliamentary elections in October 2014. In addition, as the article points out hesitantly, every government official interviewed states I have done nothing wrong, and there is no evidence of “cash payments” made to me by any official in Ukraine. However, the Times does fail to disclose the fact that the Clinton Foundation has taken (and may still take) payments in exchange for favors from Hillary Clinton while serving as Secretary of State. This is not discussed despite the overwhelming evidence in emails that Hillary Clinton attempted to cover up.
Introduction
Mobile World Congress is well under way and we stopped by Sony's stand to play around with whatever the Japanese company had prepared for us. We weren't disappointed, even though the tech giant had decided to postpone the launch of the Xperia Z4 high-end smartphone.
Sony instead pulled the wraps off its new generation full-scale slate, the 10.1-inch Xperia Z4 Tablet. It is stunningly thin and light, features a sharp Retina-grade IPS panel, and retains the isolation from the elements, which has become synonymous with the Sony lineup. The tablet is also equipped to be a strong performer and packs innards, worthy of its flagship designation.
The Xperia M2 Aqua introduced IP68 certification to the budget-conscious crowd only a few months ago. The Xperia M4 Aqua, which Sony just unveiled, comes with markedly better hardware, including an HD display, 64-bit Snapdragon chipset and twice as much RAM.
Sony brought a bunch of accessories as well, most notably a Bluetooth keyboard dock for the Xperia Z4 Tablet, which turns it into an Android ultrabook. A quirky wireless speaker was revealed too alongside a new wireless headset. Fans of wearables weren't left out either, and two more strap options for the SmartWatch 3 were released.
Join us on the following pages where we share our first impressions with all of the above.
The US Federal Reserve has completed its purchase of $1.7 trillion (£1.1bn) of mortgage securities, agency debt and US Treasuries, the conjuring trick of "credit easing" that allowed Ben Bernanke to create stimulus equal to 12pc of GDP.
The Fed's money creation has been more or less the size of Washington's borrowing needs for the last year, as Beijing notes with suspicion.
We will never know whether it was wise to go nuclear. My view – anathema to readers, I fear – is that Ben Bernanke and Britain's Mervyn King saved us from potential calamity. We were all too close to the tipping point illustrated in Irving Fisher's Debt Deflation Causes of Great Depressions , the moment when the sailing ship catches water and capsizes instead of righting itself by natural rhythm.
Work by Berkeley Professor Barry Eichengreen shows that global trade, industrial output, and stock markets all crashed at a faster rate over the six terrifying months after the Lehman crisis than during the early 1930s. How quickly we forget, and how easily we are seduced by a 76pc stock rally into thinking it was a storm in a teacup. Just wait until the day fiscal retribution comes.
The $1.7 trillion created out of nothing will vanish as the bonds are sold on the open market. Not too quickly, let us hope. Easy money must cushion the blow of spending cuts. Even talk of ending QE amounts to tightening. While the US economy has begun to create jobs again – plus 114,000 in March, stripping out short-term census workers – there were false dawns in 2002 and 1982. The broader U6 jobless rate nudged up to 16.9pc.
Bond vigilantes ask who will step into the Fed's shoes to soak up the flood of debt from Washington, whether from the Obama Treasury or from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac – the mortgage giants on death row.
Yields on 10-year Treasuries have jumped 30 basis points in two weeks to 3.94pc. Alan Greenspan called it "the canary in the mine" for US sovereign debt.
The yield spike is happening even though core inflation (trimmed mean PCE) has been dropping like a stone, touching a record low of 1.04pc in February. The Fed's Monetary Multiplier is languishing at 0.815, a flat tire.
The basic 30-year fixed mortgage has risen to 5.08pc from 4.71pc in December. The US housing market looks too sickly to withstand this. New home sales have fallen for four months in a row, dropping to a half-century low in February. The inventory of unsold homes has jumped to 8.6 months supply. Some 24pc of mortgages are in negative equity.
Mr Bernanke is taking the fateful decision to knock away the props of the mortgage market even though the M3 broad money supply has been contracting at an epic pace of 6pc since September. If M3 gives early warning of six to 12 months, beware.
Mr Bernanke does not look at M3, disdaining such monetarist eccentricities as medieval sorcery. The M3 signal has certainly been erratic over the years. It can be distorted by portfolio shifts. But the refusal to even look at it has been the root of much trouble over the past four years.
Had Mr Bernanke paid attention, they would have seen the need to pop the credit bubble earlier. They would also have avoided their catastrophic error in the early summer of 2008. Robert Hetzel, chief economist at the Richmond Fed, writes in Monetary Policy In The 2008-2009 Recession that central banks themselves triggered the crisis by failing to cut rates fast enough as the economy tanked from March to July 2008.
Cast your mind back to that moment. Rates had already been slashed from 5.25pc to 2pc. Oil and copper prices were rocketing. Inflacionistas were screaming, accusing the Fed of 1970s debauchery and some Fed hawks seemed to agree.
Dr Hetzel said the Fed "effectively tightened" policy in June 2008 by tough talk that led the futures market to price in a half-point rate rise by September 2008. Evidence that the growth rate of broad money had long been plummeting was ignored.
The European Central Bank went further, raising rates in July even though the eurozone was already deep in recession. We know what happened. Lehman, AIG, Fannie and Freddie fell apart in September. The wheels came off the world's financial system.
My fear is that the Fed will repeat the mistake – in this case by reversing QE too soon. The problem is Mr Bernanke's ideological doctrine of "creditism".
Is the Fed chairperson worshipping a false religion? Was Milton Friedman right in arguing that the quantity of (broad) money is what matters most, not the credit mechanism?
Upon this abstruse doctrinal point will depend on – perhaps – whether the Atlantic economies rise above stall speed or lurch into a double-dip recession.
Republican senate candidate Steve Lonegan and wife Lorraine Rossi Lonegan, wave during their concession speech in Bridgewater, N.J., Wednesday, Oct. 16, 2013, after Democrat Cory Booker was declared winner. Lonegan and Booker were vying to fill the Senate seat left vacant after the death of Frank Lautenberg. (AP Photo/Mel Evans)
An already heated Republican primary in a South Jersey congressional district became even more acrimonious this week.
Insurance executive and former Randolph Mayor Tom MacArthur is suing their opponent, the conservative former Bogota Mayor Steve Lonegan, for defamation in response to statements Lonegan's campaign made alleging that MacArthur was accused of insurance fraud.
The two candidates are running in the June 3 GOP primary in the state's 3rd District to succeed Rep. Jon Runyan (R-N.J.), who is retiring.
MacArthur, who worked in the insurance industry for 30 years and was chairperson and CEO of an insurance claims service firm, said that Lonegan's campaign was being defamatory in highlighting cases in which the insurance firm MacArthur founded, York Risk Services Group, was sued by claimants arguing they had been underpaid.
MacArthur names Lonegan, as well as six of their campaign staff, in the defamation suit. The MacArthur campaign had sent cease-and-desist letters to Lonegan's campaign before taking legal action.
Lonegan held a press conference Tuesday where they called MacArthur's legal actions "bullying," according to The Philadelphia Inquirer.
“It's this kind of bullying and strong-arming of people that's downright despicable and has no place in this race,” a Lonegan press release read.
MacArthur's campaign responded by turning the attention back to the conduct of Lonegan's campaign.
"Steve Lonegan should look in the mirror. This is about their campaign and how they're conducting themselves,” MacArthur spokesperson Chris Russell said, according to the paper. “Steve Lonegan's putting their own people at risk by running a campaign of lies and dishonesty.”
Runyan endorsed MacArthur as their successor last week, saying that a Lonegan victory could cost Republicans control of the district. Lonegan has high name recognition due to their unsuccessful race against Cory Booker in last year's special election to succeed Sen. Frank Lautenberg (D-N.J.), who died in office. They also served as director of the state's chapter of Americans for Prosperity, the Koch Brothers-backed conservative political advocacy nonprofit.
The City of Chattanooga is targeting speeders with more road-side cameras with its Speed Reduction Initiative. It's installing them on what city traffic engineers have determined the most dangerous stretches of road.
You may have noticed signs popping up in a few places around Chattanooga, warning drivers to obey the speed limit or receive photo proof of your lawbreaking, along with a ticket, in the mail.
"There are very speedy people on this road," Norcross Road resident Jeanette Liles said.
Jeanette Liles has lived on Norcross Road for 48 years. They welcome a photo enforcement unit installed on their street.
"I'm just happy to see it and I hope it works because we have lost lives right here on this little stretch of road," Liles said.
The city's transportation department flagged Norcross Road, Germantown Road and Mountain Creek Road for having accident rates up to 2.5 times the state average. Traffic studies also show nearly 70-percent of drivers speed there.
"We're trying to use every tool we can use to make sure our streets are safe," Chattanooga Transportation Department Administrator Blythe Bailey said.
Those who live along these high-risk stretches say they're on board with this method of getting cars to slow down.
"They stop sharply and someone almost hits them. It's 2-3 times a day," Mountain Creek Road resident Albert Tyler said.
Mountain Creek Road resident Albert Tyler would like to see even more speed cameras put up.
"I think it's a good thing. If you're doing the speed limit it's a good thing," Tyler said.
But, not everyone sees it that way. Some say they're against the "big brother" method.
"I think the cops should be able to sit somewhere and catch you instead of seeing you on camera and mailing you a ticket, so I think it's a bunch of bull crap," local driver Lake Smith said.
The tickets issued are $50 each.
"What is important for people to know is that we don't necessarily want people to get tickets. We want people to slow down," Bailey said.
The state will ask the High Court to, once again, delay the demolition of Amona. Here are a few myths surrounding one of the most stubborn outposts in the West Bank.
By Yesh Din, written by Yossi Gurvitz
In recent months the residents of Amona and right-wing politicians have been waging a campaign designed to prevent the evacuation of this unauthorized outpost and to continue seizing the lands that belong to the residents of the Palestinian villages Silwad, Taybeh and Ein Yabrud. However, the High Court of Justice ordered the outpost be evacuated by the end of December 2016. It is crucial for the public to know the truth, especially in light of the vast misinformation on the subject. Here are a few of the most baseless arguments we've heard in the media recently (followed by our responses).
“There is no landowner who is a concrete petitioner claiming ownership of the lands of Amona.” (Chairman of the Constitution, Law and Justice Committee, MK Nissan Smolianski, August 3, 2016).
The land on which Amona stands on and the surrounding area is regulated private Palestinian lands, registered in the Tabu. Ten Palestinians petitioned the High Court of Justice (you can see their names listed in the petition) to demand the outpost be evacuated and to allow them to return to their land. Their names are displayed on the petition, they gave interviews to the media and the High Court ruled in their favor. Does it get any more concrete than that?
“Amona's land was purchased from the Palestinian owners.”
Settlers first made this argument in the 1990s, but never provided evidence. The Civil Administration rejected the claim definitively in 2004 and issued demolition orders in Amona. Later on, residents of Amona presented the High Court with documents that claim they have proof of land purchase. The police determined that some of the documents were forged. The High Court determined that the illegal construction could not be authorized, even if small portions of the land were in fact purchased.
In addition to the purchase claim, the founders of the outpost tried to argue from the beginning that it was built on land that had a military seizure order on it. The High Court ruled in the past that a military seizure order could not be used to establish settlements. When Amona was first established, the Attorney General in the West Bank determined that a military seizure order was never implemented and is therefore nullified.
“Arabs never lived there, it was a bare rocky mountain.” (Sara Ziv, Amona resident, Makor Rishon, January 22, 2016).
The argument that the Amona settlers arrived to an abandoned piece of land is repeated over and over. This claim was already refuted when aerial photos were presented by the Civil Administration during a civil suit filed by the petitioners against the state. The photographs prove that the Palestinian landowners cultivated the land until the outpost was built, and that it was only after the army barred their access, and due to fear of the settlers, that they stopped working the land. It is important to remember that a civil proceeding forced the government to compensate the Palestinian landowners for the protracted infringement on their rights as a result of the fact that the outpost had not yet been evacuated.
“None of us thought or knew that this was private property.” (Avichai Boaron, head of the Amona public campaign, Yedioth Ahronoth July 15, 2016).
This is an odd argument, considering that the Civil Administration issued stop-work orders for every structure in Amona as of 1996, noting these structures were built on private property. The High Court also determined in its 2005 ruling that nine permanent structures in the outpost were built on private Palestinian land.
“When I got here 10 years ago, the understanding was that there was a problem only with nine homes, and after they were demolished, we thought the rest was legitimate. I am a rational person. I wouldn't build a home and raise kids in a place classified as illegal.” (Uri Goldberg, Amona resident, Yedioth Ahronoth July 15, 2016).
All the homes in Amona were issued demolition orders and a decade earlier it was made clear this was construction on private land. Amona doesn't meet any of the demands for the establishment of a settlement in the West Bank and its homes were never granted building permits. This, as a matter of fact, is the situation in all the outposts, such that it is clear to every rational person that Amona is illegal and the claim they didn't know is disingenuous. In any event, this is irrelevant since the government undertook to evacuate the entire outpost by 2011 since the construction there is illegal, and the High Court ruled at the end of 2014 that it must be evacuated within two years.
Even before the High Court ruling, two official state reports – the Spiegel Report and the Sasson Report – indicated that the outpost is located on private Palestinian land.
“A community is situated under its grapes and figs for years and suddenly someone undermines ownership of the land.” (Infrastructure, Energy and Water Minister Yuval Steinitz, Arutz Sheva July 20, 2016).
Another mistake articulated by those who object to the evacuation of Amona is that the Palestinian landowners “suddenly remembered” 20 years later that they own the land. The truth is of course different. A short time after the first caravans were positioned in Amona the Palestinian landowners demanded they be evacuated. The Israeli DCO promised them then that the homes were being treated as illegal but that the evacuation process takes time. In 1998, when the residents of Silwad requested to hold prayers on the hilltop ridge on which the outpost was built, they were told that “any illegal activity will be handled by authorized entities.”
“Behind every petition is a left-wing organization with an agenda.” (Avichai Boaron, head of the Amona public campaign and a resident, Arutz Sheva, July 17, 2016).
Behind every High Court petition are Palestinian landowners who employ the help of human rights organizations to safeguard their rights. Behind the unauthorized construction of outposts is an entire mechanism dedicated to expelling Palestinians from their land, with the help if local councils, the Amana organization, the IDF, the Yesha Council, the Settlement Division, politicians and government ministries. Did someone say agenda?
“This is destruction for destruction's sake. After they destroy this place this Arab will go back to the land?” (head of Yeshivot Bnei Akiva, Rabbi Haim Drukman, Arutz Sheva May 18, 2016).
Ibrahim Ja'ama, a resident of Ein Yabrud and one of the landowners who petitioned for the evacuation of Amona, said recently in an interview to Walla News!: “First of all, I want to take my children to see our land. They were young when it happened, and they have forgotten. If you are not in touch with something you love, you may forget it. I want to renew their love and connection to our land.” Since Amona was established, its landowners have not been able to return, as the IDF prohibits them. We hope that with the evacuation of the outpost, they will be able to return to their land and use it as they see fit.
The State funded Amona.
No argument here. The Ministry of Housing, as reported in the Sasson Report (p. 152), transferred funds to the Binyamin Regional Council in order to finance the construction of Amona's infrastructure, while fully aware that this is illegal. At the same time, the Civil Administration operated to evacuate the outpost. It is worth examining whether there is a way to take steps against the government entities that transferred funds illegally to those who invaded private land. However this should have no bearing on the decision to evacuate the outpost.
“The vast majority of Amona's land is defined as absentee property, in other words, land without an identifiable owner. Furthermore, the names listed on most of the plots were not recognized after the Six-Day War.” (Yehuda Yifrach, legal correspondent, Makor Rishon, and a former resident of Amona, Makor Rishon July 4, 2016).
As asupervisorstioned, all the land on which the Amona outpost is built is regulated private land, registered in Tabu. Another attempt by the Amona settlers to instruct the Civil Administration to declare the land absentee property and hand them over to their children was rejected by the Jerusalem Magistrate's Court in 2016.
To put it simply: This is not absentee property. Some of the actual landowners petitioned the High Court to demand the outpost be removed from their land. The intention to declare plots of land adjacent to the outpost's structures as abandoned property also turned out to be baseless, since these lands have flesh and blood landowners.
Written by Yossi Gurvitz in their capacity as a blogger for Yesh Din, Volunteers for Human Rights. A version of this post was first published on Yesh Din's blog.
You know, I've been called a lot of things. I've been called an extremely warm person; I've been called a cold man. And at times, I've been called a romantic.
To me, romanticism is an ideal, of sorts. It's a refusal to accept the baseness and ugliness of the "real" world, as most consider it. And, it's the creation, in your own self and in the life you lead, as well as in the life you help those around you to lead, of another world -- a world where things are filled with meaning, where people truly matter, and where we all are the authors of our own spectacular, riveting stories.
As a romantic man, you become able to touch others' lives and bring hope to those who lack it. You inspire; you motivate; and you energize. You take those for whom the world had been empty and cold, and make it feel as though it's buzzing with electricity and potential. And best of all, you take the fantasies that women read about so avidly in their romance novels, and you can bring them to life.
Striving to become romantic is, to me, something very much worth striving for -- romanticism gives you an ability to affect others' lives that is in some ways without equal.
Want to know how successful companies like Microsoft got to where they are today? By using data in smart, innovative ways.
In this interview with Editor-in-Chief of ReadWrite, Owen Thomas, Steven Sinofsky draws on their experience at Microsoft and Andreessen Horowitz to tell you how to use data to drive product development. This fun and engaging interview will teach you how to use data, what pitfalls to be aware of and how to align customer support and product development.
Strategize to Materialize: using data in product development
Editor-in-Chief of ReadWrite, Owen Thomas, interviews Steven Sinofsky (board partner at Andreessen Horowitz) about everything from their time at Microsoft to the importance of data in product development.
Owen: When you were at Microsoft creating things like Word and Excel, how did you first start extracting data from your software product?
Steven: Back in the early days, we would develop products by writing all our ideas down on a whiteboard and then yelling at each other. Whoever yelled the loudest for the longest, would get their product made. I called it Testosterone Based Development. It was a disaster.
Without any data, you end up developing products for yourself. But software developers aren't the target audience for things like word processors, so we decided to learn from how our customers actually used the product. Unfortunately, with complex products like Word, you can't just ask people how they use them because your customers don't know how to answer that question in a way that is helpful.
To collect useful data, we started an experiment. We made a special version of Word that had all of these measurement points in it. Because this was the 80s and no one had internet, we would go to people's offices, install our special version and then a month later go back and collect the data.
Once we had hard data, we started generating reports on the usage of popular features to decide what to develop next. We realized that people were not using our products the way we thought they would.
Owen: In the 90's when Microsoft bought Hotmail, how did that change your operations?
Steven: All of a sudden we had to become an Internet-based organization and that changed everything. I'd never even seen a data center before! It was challenging, but it opened up a whole world of new possibilities.
For example, one of our developers on Word was having trouble finding bugs in the software. When they saw how Hotmail was finding bugs, they realized that every time someone's Word crashed they could send that data directly to Microsoft. This instant data access meant they could debug things right when they crashed and not six months down the line.
Before that, if your Word crashed and you phoned up the support team, you literally had to read out the crash report over the phone and someone on our end had to log that manually.
As soon as we turned this crash report on, we start getting 10s of millions of these reports streaming into Microsoft. And while that was extremely humbling from a development point of view, it was also extremely useful because we had so much more information to work with.
It also allowed us to react quicker to problems. For example, one of our vendors released an update that didn't work and because of these crash reports we knew as soon as it happened. So we picked up the phone, told them about it and they were able to fix it.
Instant data access literally revolutionized the way we did product development. We knew what features you used, how they performed and how that differed by region and user type. We could then use that information to drive product development and quality.
By watching the flows, we could optimize the usage pattern and make the products better. At the time, it was incredibly novel, but it fundamentally changed the way we thought about our products and how we developed them.
Owen: Your blog is called Learning by Shipping. What do you mean by that phrase?
Steven: Learning by shipping means that all of your up front plans really don't matter until you actually get your product into people's hands and they use it.
That's the incredibly difficult challenge that everyone who builds software faces. You want to be done with your product, but you also want it to be right. But it can't be right until people use your product that's not yet done.
You also have to reevaluate what “done” even means. You're never done in software development anymore. You used to go to a store and buy a CD with some software and expect it to ‘just work'. It's not like that anymore. People expect products to change and adapt to their evolving needs in addition to being robust and working and all the rest of it.
Owen: You've learned a lot about how to use data. What have you learned about the misuse of data?
Steven: One of the things that happened at Microsoft was that if you didn't like someone's idea you'd say: Where is the data to back that up? Of course, they didn't have any yet because it was just an idea. Unfortunately, we got into this cycle where if you didn't have data to prove it was a good idea it just didn't get built. Which grinds everything to a halt and stops you from innovating.
When I moved over to the Windows team they were obsessed with A/B testing. Every meeting ended with: Let's just do two things and see which one works better. There was a weird stigma around using your intuition. Which doesn't make sense, because Apple were releasing products that no one had ever heard of let alone asked for and consumers were loving it. Somebody with intuition was coming up with those ideas.
When you lack a big vision, you start optimizing small little things. I think too much data, or too much reliance on data, can make you so focused on tiny details that you lose sight of the big picture.
The challenge with data is that it looks like it's right. Even when it isn't. You have to be thinking critically about what the data tells you all the time. If you're paid to be a product manager you have to have a vision and then execute on it. Use data along the way, absolutely, but don't let it drive your direction.
Owen: Is Twitter the new version of focus groups?
Steven: It depends on your business. If the people who use Twitter and the people who use your product are similar, then yes, it's a great source of data. But as your user base expands there's going to be a large section of them that aren't on Twitter and you're going to have to find a new avenue of talking to those guys.
As a product manager, you're going to have a lot of different sources of data, and they're not always going to agree with each other. The key is to learn how to manage all those different types of feedback and prioritize effectively.
The more data you have, the more you need to rely on intuition because your data won't give you a definitive answer.
Owen: How do you feel about this trend towards putting customer support and product development together?
Steven: Customer support should be a major source of data for anyone in product development.
We were doing this at Windows even back when support was all on the phone or in person. The best thing we did was to take all that customer support data and set up an internal website that was accessible to everyone on the company.
Any time you wanted to know something about your product, you could go to this site and do your own deep dive and analysis on what we had.
Owen: You recently joined the board of ProductHunt, which is a very early stage product discovery site. What does it mean that products are evolving with their users from day 1?
Steven: The best thing about ProductHunt is that it's an environment where the developers can get positive feedback about what they've built.
Instead of hearing about the 9 million features your product is missing, you can start conversations with people about what made you create that product in the first place. You can also get validation for your idea through upvotes and links.
ProductHunt creates a much smaller community than something like the app store where you can get eyeballs on your app to see if people will be interested in it. It gives you both the qualitative and the quantitative feedback that you need when you're first developing a product from people who understand and are interested in product development.
printed February 27, 2019 See this page online at: https:/ / www.phonescoop.com/ articles/ article.php? a=18530
Apr 19, 2018 Motorola today announced four new affordable Android phones coming to the U.S. market before mid-year.
Oct 16, 2017 Huawei today announced the Mate 10 and Mate 10 Pro, the Chinese company's flagship smartphones heading into the end of the year. The Mate 10 (left) and Mate 10 Pro (right) are high-end devices with curved glass panels front and back, and a metal frame in between.
Feb 25, 2018 Samsung today announced the Galaxy S9 and S9+ phones, updates to last year's S8 models. The devices bear a striking resemblance to their predecessors and make only modest changes to the hardware.
Sep 24, 2018 Google today announced some big changes are headed to its main search product. Google is relocating users' Google Feed to the main search page and renaming it Discover.
Jun 10, 2016 Facebook has begun informing people that photos privately synced from mobile phones to the social network will soon be deleted. Facebook allowed people to automatically backup photos from phones to its servers and store them privately for a time.
Facebook today said it plans to offer people conversation starters about holidays, programs, and events that take place locally as well as around the world. The new Messages from Facebook will populate the top of users' News Feeds and each will focus on a specific moment or event. The social network said its goal with this marketing program is help people connect and share during holidays, help people discover interesting cultural events, and help people celebrate moments in history as they happen. Facebook plans to kick of Messages by Facebook by displaying a shareable holiday card at the top of everyone's News Feed starting today.
Subscribe to news & reviews with RSS Follow @phonescoop on Twitter Phone Scoop on Facebook Subscribe to Phone Scoop on YouTube Follow on Instagram
All content Copyright 2001-2019 Phone Factor, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Content on this site may not be copied or republished without formal permission.
Editor's Note: This post is a response to Anthony Cefali's recent article “Where We're Going We Won't Even Need Lithium: A Neurotic Look at Our Energy Future.”
Recently, fellow Gas 2.0 author Anthony Cefali wrote an excellent post questioning the sustainability of lithium-ion batteries into the future due to concerns over the supply of lithium.
In this world, it's easy to argue that one can never be too neurotic about our future, as our species has repeatedly shown a lack of foresight into the consequences of its actions. However, in this case, I must argue against their views on lithium's sustainability. Lithium-ion batteries will only be superceded by superior technology, not by lithium shortage.
Anthony's primary concern is that while we have gone through resources in a manner of exhausting one source and then finding another one, that this cannot be considered a reliable way to produce resources. Indeed, they are correct on the history of humankind's interaction with natural resources.
[social_buttons]
Southern Arizona is dotted with copper mines of almost unfathomable scale, gaping holes in the ground bored to extract copper in hundreds of parts-per-million quantities. Yet natives in parts of the midwest hammered tools out of “native copper“, found in sizable nuggets in pure form just sitting on the ground around Lake Superior.
The purest deposits of any resource are incredibly rare. The next best are an order of magnitude more common, and the next best an order of magnitude more common still, and so forth. The poorest deposits make up most of the 50-68 ppm copper that composes the Earth's crust. Yet the lithosphere alone — the uppermost layer of the Earth's crust — is about 10^21 kilograms, which means about 60,000,000,000,000 (60 trillion) metric tonnes of copper.
In short, the upper limit on most mineral resources is, for all practical purposes, unbounded, and more importantly, the scaling factor on such resources is toward geometric growth of reserves. That is, to say, if you double the price, you don't double the amount of available resource — you 5x, 10x, 20x, 100x it. If you halve the production cost due to advancing technology, again, you don't double the reserves; you increase it by orders of magnitude. The scaling factors are thus greatly biased in favor of continuing production, as was demonstrated in the Simon-Ehrlich Wager.
This is the great lie of reserves figures; reserves figures for a resource reflect only upon the amount of that resource that can be produced at current prices with current technology. This applies to virtually any resource. If you were in Namibia in the 1980s and were only willing to pay a tenth of a penny per gallon for water, there wouldn't be much I could have sold you. But if you had been willing to pay several cents a gallon, I could have sold you all the oceans in the world's worth due to desalination. And today, thanks to advancing technology, I could do that for half a penny per gallon or less.
Let's get back to lithium. First off, what you should know about lithium is that it's not actually rare. In the crust, it's more common than lead, which everyone knows from ever-common lead-acid batteries. Furthermore, it's concentrated, largely in salt flats. Certain salt flats are richer than others, but rare is a completely lithium-deficient playa. Lithium is so cheap and easy to produce that lithium carbonate (the primary traded form) costs only about $8 per kilogram. This is up significantly from $4.50 per kilogram just a few years ago, but is still so cheap that almost as much is used in lithium greases as is used in our billions-of-cells-per-year lithium-ion battery industry.
So, right off the bat, you automatically have the ability to displace less profitable uses of lithium — greases, polymers, air conditioning, lithium-aluminum, glasses, and various others — which make up almost 80% of world lithium consumption. But even with the recent “spike” to current lithium carbonate prices, we can already witness the expansion of lithium reserves.
Older reserves figures don't include, for example, the Kings Valley in Nevada, a mine that's now expected to produce 25 billion pounds of lithium carbonate. That's what many “peak lithium” advocates claim the world's entire reserves of lithium comprise because they don't include the deposit at all, despite the fact that 173 boreholes to a depth of 40 meters over 80,000 acres determined an average lithium content of 0.279% and a commercial recovery factor of 85%. This is just one mine we're talking about, and that's enough lithium carbonate to produce the cells for almost 800 million 10kWh (Aptera-sized) battery packs.
And that brings us to yet another issue: the fact that lithium-ion batteries, despite the name, just really don't use that much lithium. About 1.4 kilograms of lithium carbonate are needed per kilowatt hour of lithium-ion batteries. A kilowatt hour of bulk lithium-ion batteries costs $300 to $500. Hence, lithium carbonate costs only make up 1/30th to 1/50th the cost of the cells! The price could increase tenfold and you'd barely notice the difference.
The most expensive element in traditional lithium-ion batteries is actually the cobalt in their cathode, which generally makes up about 60% of the cost of a lithium-ion battery (most of the rest being amortization of capital costs). Yet many modern “automotive” li-ion batteries, such as lithium iron phosphate or the magnesium-based spinel batteries, ditch cobalt in its entirety. Hence, the long-range price trend for lithium-ion batteries is downward.
I did, however, save the kicker for last. You see, lithium naturally likes to form water-soluble salts; hence, it's the 11th most common element in the ocean. It's even more common there than phosphorus, which is so common it's one of the essential ingredients for all life. Yes, producing lithum carbonate from seawater isn't $4.50/kg cheap, or even $8/kg cheap. But even with first-generation technology, it's only $22-$32/kg cheap — still easily cheap enough for lithium-ion batteries.
Almost all of the world's 1,400,000,000,000,000,000,000 kilograms hydrosphere is ocean; multiplying by 0.170 ppm yields 238,000,000,000,000 kilograms of pure lithium. Since lithium only makes up about 19% of lithium carbonate (LiCO3), that's about 1,270,000,000,000,000 kilograms of lithium carbonate, which is enough to make enough 10kWh packs to power 91,000,000,000,000 (91 trillion) Aptera-type vehicles or enough 50kWh packs to power 18,000,000,000,000 (18 trillion) Tesla-type vehicles.
So, while due diligence is always required for our natural resources, lithium is going nowhere, at least as far as li-ion batteries are concerned.
Photo credit: Martin Walker (released into the public domain)
Further reading: Lithium in Abundance by Bill Moore. EVWorld, April 15th, 2008.
Bryant Simon traveled to 425 Starbucks in nine countries to come up with one conclusion: People in coffeehouses keep to themselves.
We're not sure their “Eureka” moment was worth the trip.
Simon, a history professor at Temple University, has spent the past few years figuring out why a sense of community is missing on the couches of Starbucks. In their new book, Everything but the Coffee: Learning about America from Starbucks, they say that Wi-fi and small tables promote solitude.
We're thinking this is something they could have figured out on any afternoon in the coffeehouses of Philadelphia. (And why did they have to go to nine countries to “learn about America from Starbucks?”)
Simon writes that while people once were able to find meaningful conversation and debate at libraries, recreation centers and parks, those public spaces have become less available -- and less desirable -- since municipal resources are focused elsewhere.
Starbucks and other coffeehouses have become that public space in modern time, according to Simon, but instead of cultivating dialogue it seems to encourage isolation. They said that in their 15 hours a week in Starbucks they saw very few spontaneous discussions or interactions.
"Rarely ... do these different people doing different things actually talk and exchange ideas, but talk and ideas are crucial to the making of community," they write.
While Simon says that they won't be opening a coffee shop any time soon, their ideal one would not have Wi-Fi or to-go cups. Instead they would have a large, round table to get the conversation percolating.
Sure a round table may cause people to stare at eachother awkwardly for a long enough period of time so that discourse is forced, but there's always the way of the French cafes—serve alcohol. The "Lost Generation” had much conversation and some productivity in such Parisian coffeehouses. Then again, most of them did die alcoholics. Foiled again.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC 10 Philadelphia
President Trump at the White House on Monday. (European Pressphoto Agency/Chris Kleponis/Pool)
President Trump plans to file a disclosure shortly that will detail their assets and liabilities over the past year, a voluntary move that follows the practice of their most recent predecessors.
A White House official said Monday night that Trump will submit a personal financial disclosure covering the 2016 calendar year "in a short period of time," confirming a report by the Associated Press.
The president is not required to file such a report with the Office of Government Ethics until next spring, but past presidents including Barack Obama and George W. Bush voluntarily submitted financial disclosures in the year they took office.
The filing will provide a look at the assets, debts and transactions of Trump's real estate empire during the presidential election year. However, because the form only requires officials to report wide ranges of income and debt, it is impossible to use it to precisely gauge someone's net worth. The report also does not require officials to report their exact income or tax rate or charitable giving -- unlike a tax return, which the president has refused to release.
Trump's last financial disclosure -- which was filed in May 2016 and covered the previous 10 1/2 months -- showed that their company's revenues boomed as they launched their presidential bid. At the time, they touted the size of the report, saying that the 104-page disclosure was "the largest" in history.
Image copyright EPA Image caption It was President Castro's first address to the UN since succeeding their brother Fidel in 2006
Cuban President Raul Castro has told the UN that normal relations with the US will only be possible if America takes a number of measures including the abolition of its trade embargo.
They said it was also necessary for the US to return the military base at Cuba's Guantanamo Bay and end anti-communist broadcasts to the island.
US President Barack Obama also called for the trade embargo to be lifted.
They said that they were confident that the US Congress would do so soon.
The two leaders are expected to meet later on Tuesday in New York.
Speaking at the UN General Assembly on Monday, President Obama said they thought the Republican-held Congress would inevitably lift "an embargo that should not be in place anymore" despite its reservations over the administration's support for it.
They said that while the Cuba policy of the US had "failed to improve the lives of the Cuban people", human rights remained a concern in relations with Havana.
Image copyright AFP Image caption President Obama said that they were confident that the US Congress would lift the embargo soon
They were applauded by delegates in the 193-nation UN General Assembly.
The embargo has been in place since 1960 and remains a contentious issue in relations between Cuba and the US.
President Castro for their part said that now that diplomatic ties were back in place, the overall normalisation of relations "will only be achieved with the end of the economic, commercial and financial blockade against Cuba".
It was President Castro's first address to the UN since succeeding their brother Fidel in 2006. Like President Obama, they received sustained applause.
The White House announced on Sunday that President Obama would hold talks with their Cuban counterpart on Tuesday on the sidelines of the General Assembly.
It will be their second meeting following on from their first historic get-together in Panama in April.
The UN General Assembly is set to discuss a new draft resolution criticising the US embargo at a meeting next month.
The assembly has voted every year since 1982 in support of a resolution calling on the US to end the embargo.
Roughly 20,000 years ago, during the peak of the last Ice Age, the area that is now Hudson Bay sat beneath a layer of ice thousands of feet thick. As the climate warmed, the Laurentide Ice Sheet thinned and glacial lakes in Canada's interior merged with the Arctic Ocean to form the large inland bay. It is now a haven for polar bears, whales, orcas, walruses, seals, and other wildlife.
Shallow and surrounded by land, Hudson Bay freezes over completely in the winter but thaws for periods in the summer. Usually all of the sea ice is gone by August, and the bay begins to freeze over in October or November. In between, as the sea ice is breaking up, winds and currents cause flotillas of pack ice to cluster in certain parts of the bay.
That is what was happening on June 29, 2017, when the Moderate Resolution Imaging Spectroradiometer (MODIS) on NASA's Aqua satellite acquired this image. (It is a mosaic, composed from multiple satellite passes over the region.) Note how much of the sea ice is drifting along the western coastline.
One of the most noticeable features in the image is the Belcher Islands, a curved set of islands in the southeastern part of the bay that is rich with hunting and fishing grounds for the Inuit communities who live on them. We can also see the D-shaped Akimiski Island, which is to the south in James Bay. The island has no permanent human residents, but it is the site of a sanctuary for hundreds of thousands of migratory birds each year.
The rhythms of sea ice play a central role in the lives of the animals of Hudson Bay, particularly polar bears. When the bay is topped with ice, polar bears head out to hunt for seals and other prey. When the ice melts in the summer, the bears swim to shore, where they fast until sea ice returns.
University of Alberta scientist Andrew Derocher is part of a group that monitors Hudson Bay polar bear populations with information gleaned from tagged bears and GPS satellites. Via email, they offered an update on sea ice conditions and polar bear populations in late June, around the time that this image was acquired.
“The sea ice melt was well advanced by June 29, but polar bears were still hunting along the remanent ice lingering along the western part of the bay. Bears farther south and in James Bay were already moving to land,” they said. “The break-up this spring was a bit unusual, and the bears in western Hudson Bay responded by remaining offshore longer than normal. We typically expect the bears to come ashore about three weeks after the Bay reaches 50 percent ice cover, but the bears we were tracking found patches of ice that worked for them.”
Ice conditions are closely watched by researchers who study polar bears. Most experts think that the retreat in Arctic sea ice cover in recent decades puts these bear populations at risk. While populations have been stable in the northern part of the Hudson Bay, bears in the western part have seen populations decline by 30 percent over the past decade. “Sea ice loss is simply habitat loss for polar bears,” said Derocher. “Once the ice-free period is too long, then an area can no longer support a viable population of polar bears.”
NASA images by Norman Kuring, NASA's Ocean Color web. Story by Adam Voiland.
Medical-marijuana users were warned. And now Maricopa County Attorney Bill Montgomery is carrying out their plan to harass qualified medical users for resin-infused edibles.
Montgomery repeatedly has refused to say whether they are prosecuting patients for possession of marijuana concentrates who otherwise are acting within the boundaries of the 2010 Arizona Medical Marijuana Act.
New Times has learned that their office is moving forward with at least one such case, a felony prosecution of a medical-marijuana patient for possession of a single piece of infused candy.
Continue Reading
The patient, a Phoenix resident who asked not to be named out of fear it would affect their employment, provided New Times with a letter from the County Attorney's Office saying it intended to prosecute them and a copy of their valid medical-marijuana card. Court records show they are scheduled to appear in court in mid-November to face one felony "narcotic violation" charge.
As mentioned in New Times' October 10 cover story, "Half Baked," the issue of marijuana "edibles" and extracts was brought into sharp focus this summer because of a warning by the Arizona Department of Health Services about the questionable legal status of concentrates such as hashish, kief, hash oil, and cannabutter.
Montgomery and several other county prosecutors in Arizona theorize that the voter-approved Medical Marijuana Act did not legalize extracts for qualified users to possess or for dispensaries to sell.
Because of the threat of prosecution, Jennifer and Jacob Welton, a Mesa couple, cannot give their 5-year-old epileptic son the medicine they need — oil infused with a marijuana strain rich in cannabidiol, which doesn't produce psychoactive effects like the better-known component of the plant, THC.
Last week, the American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit in Maricopa County Superior Court on behalf of the Weltons asking a judge to declare that extracts are protected under the medical-pot law and to prevent Montgomery from taking legal action based on their theory that extracted resin is an illegal "narcotic."
The debate hinges on the fact that the 2010 law makes "usable marijuana" legal for medical users and dispensaries, and that's defined as "the dried flowers of the marijuana plant and any mixture or preparation thereof."
Yet Arizona statutes also contain a decades-old unscientific definition of something called "cannabis," which is defined as "the resin extracted from any part of the plant . . . and every compound, manufacture, salt, derivative, mixture, or preparation of such plant, its seeds, or its resin."
The piece of soft candy found in the Phoenix man's car on the night of December 20 was infused with resin extracted from a "preparation" of buds. Its active ingredient was THC, the same as in the buds used to make the candy.
As the man explained to New Times, they use marijuana for back pain but can't smoke because of previous lung surgery. He's had two cases of spontaneous pneumothorax (collapsed lungs) in the past few years. The condition isn't related to smoking, they say — he's never been a cigarette smoker and previously smoked pot only occasionally. During their last surgery in June 2011, doctors "snipped off a piece of lung" during a procedure known as a mechanical pleurodesis, in which the outside of the lung is attached to the inside of the lung cavity. Chances of another collapse since the surgery are "really low," they say, but as a qualified medical-marijuana user, he'd prefer to ingest the plant.
Their back pain? The 30-year-old says they have compressed vertebrae from an old injury. New Times wasn't privy to their medical records, but they did provide a copy of their medical-marijuana card — issued October 31, 2012 and expired November 1, 2013. This covers the time of their December 20 arrest for DUI by a Mesa police officer in Scottsdale.
According to a Mesa police report, the man said they drank one 22-ounce Blue Moon while at now-closed Saddle Ranch Chop House.
The officer pulled them over at 11:30 p.m. for making two wide right turns near the restaurant, then said they smelled pot in the car and liquor on the driver's breath. A blood test showed the medical-marijuana patient had a .056 blood-alcohol content — they ended up paying a fine for impaired driving. The crime lab apparently didn't test for the presence of pot metabolites, the report shows.
During a search of the man's Ford Mustang, the officer found a "marijuana pipe and a piece of cannabis candy in the center console," the report says. The items were seized. Possession of the pipe, ostensibly as paraphernalia for the use of medical-marijuana, was protected by their state-approved patient status. But not the candy.
The man says they bought the Tootsie Roll-like candy at a compassion club. Since then, their public defender has told them that a crime lab determined it contained no "usable marijuana," only the resin of marijuana — what state law defines confusingly as "cannabis."
Deputy County Attorney Sean Kelly sent the man a letter in July informing them that they had two options: potential conviction of a felony, for which they could receive up to 3.75 years in prison or a drug diversion program that would cost them more than $3,000.
Montgomery's office did not respond to a request for comment about the case.
The medical-pot cardholder plans to continue fighting prosecutors.
"I'm not going to be a victim," they say. "The new law is supposed to supersede old law."
Jennifer and Jacob Welton, it seems, are correct to worry about the legal risks of providing the wrong preparation of marijuana to their seizure-prone son.
As for the 41,765 Arizonans approved to legally use marijuana in Arizona as of October 2 — beware of extracts, at least in Maricopa County.
Other elected prosecutors around the state aren't taking as hard a line as Montgomery. Yet, anyway. Several state-approved medical-marijuana kitchens in counties other than Maricopa are using expensive botanical extractor machines to make edibles sold at legal dispensaries, and they haven't been raided by authorities.
Amelia Cramer, chief deputy for Pima County Attorney Barbara LaWall, told a reporter recently that patients could be prosecuted under the "narcotic" statute for something as innocuous as making tea from pot leaves. However, LaWall told New Times last month that they thought it would be a waste of time to send medical-marijuana edibles to the busy crime lab for testing.
The focus on a technical loophole in the medical-marijuana law by Montgomery, an up-and-coming socially conservative politician, can be viewed with justified cynicism. Creating marijuana-infused butter for brownies, oil, and tinctures (and even hashish, which is nothing more than purified, compressed plant material) is within the spirit of the 2010 law.
Montgomery has been fighting the law since voters passed it, claiming he's concerned about the conflict between state and federal statutes. He's appealing a pro-Prop 203 ruling by a trial court in a civil suit between a would-be Sun City dispensary and the county. The Arizona Court of Appeals is scheduled to hear oral argument on the case on November 27.
The ACLU's fresh lawsuit on the concentrates issue, though, probably won't be settled in time for the patient with the infused candy or for other patients who could be facing prosecution by Montgomery's office for "cannabis."
During slow moments in the United States Senate—and there are many, many of them in the world's most deliberative body—staffers like to play a little game called “mapping.” In it, they take a look out on the graybeards occupying the seats on the Senate floor and sketch out what would happen if one of them were to retire or decide to run for another office. Who will vie for the open seat? What will happen to the committee slots the outgoing senator holds?
But few maps would have included the lightning bolt that struck the Capitol on Thursday, when Tea Party firebrand Jim DeMint announced, “I'm leaving the Senate. But I am not leaving the fight.” In taking up a new post as head of the Heritage Foundation, DeMint pulled off a move many lawmakers would have considered laughable: leaving elected office—for a think tank no less!—because the gig isn't powerful enough.
But conversations with several Senate staffers and Capitol Hill insiders say the shock is unmerited.
“He really hates the Senate,” said one D.C.-based conservative political operative. “And who wouldn't? This place is terrible for a conservative—you have both sides arguing about how to slow the growth of government, not how to make government smaller. DeMint has left their legacy.”
DeMint's tenure in the Senate will be remembered for two things: for them being a one-man stopper of legislation that a large chunk of the body approved, thus making the ultra-slow Senate even more dysfunctional; and for frustrating Republican leadership by running conservative challengers against the establishment's preferred choice—and often winning.
It was DeMint, after all, who endorsed Rand Paul the day after Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell endorsed Paul's opponent (in McConnell's home state, no less!); who was an early backer of Ted Cruz in Texas, even though seemingly the entire political universe favored a more mainstream conservative candidate; and who early on got behind Tea Party-backed candidates like Jeff Flake of Arizona and Mike Lee of Utah. The problem with this approach, however, was that it backfired almost as often as it worked—witness their lonely support of Todd Akin in Missouri, their unheard-of encouragement of Richard Mourdock to challenge sitting Sen. Richard Lugar, and their support of Sharron Angle in Nevada. Had DeMint held their fire on any of these, the GOP would have been that much closer today to regaining the majority.
Thus it was with gritted teeth, one could imagine, that McConnell praised DeMint in a statement for their “uncompromising service” (an understatement to say the least.)
“Jim helped provide a powerful voice for conservative ideals in a town where those principles are too often hidden beneath business as usual. There is no question in my mind that they raised the profile of important issues like spending and debt and helped galvanize the American people against a big government agenda” McConnell said.
Senate insiders though, say DeMint never much had the stomach for the minutiae of lawmaking, that despite their apparent fondness for procedures that bottled up legislation, they were more comfortable taking up the flag for a crusade.
“He isn't someone who liked being in the middle of politics of issues,” said one staffer who worked closely with DeMint. “I don't think they liked the nuance of administering over legislation.”
Opinion on the Hill is divided about whether the Senate will run more smoothly with DeMint gone. On the one hand, they have created a legion of followers in their wake—Cruz, Marco Rubio, and the like. But on the other, no one has quite proven so willing to draw a thick line in the sand quite like DeMint.
“The beauty of the Senate is that one senator can stop anything, but you have to really have some backbone to do it,” said one former top Republican staffer. “There is a lot of pressure on you. You have to keep the Senate in session, and you have members calling you up, telling you, ‘C'mon it's my youngest daughter's graduation from college this week;' stuff like that. And they would do it anyway.”
There is an opening, then, for a Republican who wants to take on that role. It is unlikely to fall on DeMint acolytes like Rubio or Paul, relative youngsters with ambitions of even higher office, but GOPers say they expect Lee or perhaps Pennsylvania's Pat Toomey to now take on a greater role in the chamber.
DeMint's move also provides a big opening for John Thune. DeMint was slated to be the ranking member of the Commerce committee after the retirement this year of Kay Bailey Hutchison, but with them gone, that job will fall to the senator from South Dakota. It is one of the plum spots in the body, the one with oversight of most of the nation's economic activity. Thune has been mentioned as a possible presidential contender in 2016, and this promotion seems sure to prove that their campaign coffers are filled.
For DeMint however, there seems to be little doubt about what the future will bring. Free of the rigors of actually making laws, and without the strictures of the Senate—as much as they bucked them—he will be free to try and remake the Senate and the world into the more conservative place they think they should be.
“Jim DeMint will maintain their influence, but they will be that much more difficult to work with,” said Matt Canter, a spokesperson for the Democratic Senate Campaign Committee. “He won't be in the same room with [Republican senators], not even looking them in the eye when they tell them they need to jump off a cliff or do something else crazy.  They are free from all the rules and ethics of governing, and they will be able to marshal hundreds of millions of dollars to further their agenda. Republicans still see them as the kingmaker.”
And with DeMint still having a handful of acolytes in the Senate, their move a few blocks away to Heritage shows how much the center of gravity of the party has shifted—a shift that owes a lot to the senator's advocacy. In conservative circles, Heritage's influence had begun to wane—it is the birthplace of the individual mandate, after all—as the GOP has grown ever more focused on shrinking the size of the government.
“DeMint is where the party is going,” said one GOP operative. “Heritage gets as their president the guy who is the intellectual heart of the party.”
Since 2011, Vanderbilt University has upheld an “all comers” policy when it comes to regulating leadership in student groups on campus. The policy says that no student can be barred from a leadership role on the basis of ideological grounds — namely, you don't have to be a Christian to run for office in a Christian group.
When the policy kicked in years ago, 14 religious groups lost their organizational status rather than adapting to the new policy. One of them was Vanderbilt's Graduate Christian Fellowship. And this week, one of their former leaders, Tish Harrison Warren, wrote for Christianity Today that their group was “kicked off campus for being the wrong kind of Christians”:
At first I thought this was all a misunderstanding that could be sorted out between reasonable parties. If I could explain to the administration that doctrinal statements are an important part of religious expression — an ancient, enduring practice that would be a given for respected thinkers like Thomas Aquinas — then surely they'd see that creedal communities are intellectually valid and permissible. If we could show that we weren't homophobic culture warriors but friendly, thoughtful evangelicals committed to a diverse, flourishing campus, then the administration and religious groups could find common ground… But as I met with other administrators, the tone began to change. The word discrimination began to be used — a lot — specifically in regard to creedal requirements. It was lobbed like a grenade to end all argument. Administrators compared Christian students to 1960s segregationists. I once mustered courage to ask them if they truly thought it was fair to equate racial prejudice with asking Bible study leaders to affirm the Resurrection. The vice chancellor replied, “Creedal discrimination is still discrimination.”
Here's the thing: Members of groups like Harrison Wilson's are perfectly free to operate under leaders who best represent their goals for the group. The key is that they have to elect those leaders, and they can't pull anyone out of the running for believing differently. Hell, they technically could elect someone with opposing beliefs — but why would they? Where are they seeing a threat?
Hemant has written before about student organizations who feared that open policies like this one would lead to infiltration by atheists or gays or some other non-ideal group, who would eventually take over. (As if we would. Ain't nobody got time for that.) I don't think that's what is happening here, though. Harrison Wilson is perplexed by the notion that banning student leaders from expressing certain beliefs — because student groups are fundamentally forums for expression — is discrimination.
 They are especially thrown by this because they perceived their group — and their faith — as “pluralistic,” valuing social justice, philosophy and diversity of membership:
It didn't matter to them if we were politically or racially diverse, if we cared about the environment or built Habitat homes. It didn't matter if our students were top in their fields and some of the kindest, most thoughtful, most compassionate leaders on campus. There was a line in the sand, and we fell on the wrong side of it.
Let's flip this scenario around. Let's say a person comes to a campus LGBT organization's meeting and tells the group there calmly that they don't believe in marriage equality. Can they debate with him? Certainly. Can the group president pull the person aside after the meeting and ask to have a one-on-one conversation about it? Sure. Challenging one another's beliefs is a-okay.
But as long as s/he is not harassing anyone, that person cannot be asked to leave. Content-based discrimination violates the First Amendment, stifles discussion, and shuts out underrepresented groups.
Here's Harrison Wilson's misguided thesis:
In effect, the new policy privileged certain belief groups and forbade all others. [No… but the old policy did that.] Religious organizations were welcome as long as they were malleable: as long as their leaders didn't need to profess anything in particular; as long as they could be governed by sheer democracy and adjust to popular mores or trends; as long as they didn't prioritize theological stability. Creedal statements were allowed, but as an accessory, a historic document, or a suggested guideline. They could not have binding authority to shape or govern the teaching and practices of a campus religious community.
Beliefs are not forbidden under this policy. Rather, freedom from creedal requirements encourages students to bring those beliefs to the forefront of conversation, comparing, contrasting, and counter-pointing; isn't discussion so much more beneficial and engaging when there are different viewpoints represented? Colleges and universities, even Christian ones, are sites of inquiry and collaboration and exchanges of ideas. These processes cannot happen if individuals are mechanically shut out of the system on the basis of belief.
Atheists legally must be allowed to run for leadership positions in religious groups, but students aren't required to vote for them. Clubs must uphold everyone's right to free expression in their operation, but members are not obligated to denounce or hide their beliefs. The author is mistaking an inclusive organizational culture for a personal attack on their faith. This isn't about being the “right” or “wrong” kind of Christian; it's about leveling the playing field for every kind of Christian and non-Christian alike.
Digital subscriptions for the iPad are here. Huzzah! Sounds pretty good! You can subscribe to the New Yorker or PopSci with one click, and it's automagically delivered. No in-app purchases; no muss, no fuss. I've been holding out on renewing my paper mag subscriptions, waiting for this very moment.
Advertisement
But it's not all puppies and rainbows. In the press release announcing these subscriptions, there are two key sections that merit second looks.
Apple does require that if a publisher chooses to sell a digital subscription separately outside of the app, that same subscription offer must be made available, at the same price or less, to customers who wish to subscribe from within the app. In addition, publishers may no longer provide links in their apps (to a web site, for example) which allow the customer to purchase content or subscriptions outside of the app.
And then there's:
Apple today announced a new subscription service available to all publishers of content-based apps on the App Store, including magazines, newspapers, video, music, etc.
Advertisement
These two sections convey three really dangerous ideas:
• If a company sells a subscription to their service or content outside of the App Store, they must offer it through Apple's new subscription service for the same price, or cheaper.
• The subscription rules apply to more than just newspapers and magazines—they apply to music and video services too, like Rdio and Rhapsody and Netflix and Hulu Plus
Advertisement
• Apps that sell content through a website pop-up or link to their web store—like Amazon's Kindle or B&N's Nook—can't do that anymore. Apple has confirmed separately that the new rule affects Amazon and "other booksellers" with apps for the iPhone or iPad—exactly what was indicated when Apple blocked Sony's Reader app a few weeks ago.
Apple takes a 30 percent cut of every transaction. In other words, Apple is eating the people that provide the things that make the iPad special.
Advertisement
Everybody has until June 30 to comply with the new rules, according to a memo Apple has sent to developers: "To ensure your app remains on the App Store, please submit an update that uses the In-App Purchase API for purchasing content, by June 30, 2011."
Effectively, all easy roads to getting content on the iPad now run through Apple. The Cupertino Kids present subscriptions as an equal opportunity choice for consumers: If a user snags a subscription or book through an external site, the publisher keeps 100 percent of the revenue. Great, no problem. Apple is cool with that. But if they subscribe through the App Store, Apple keeps 30 percent. Sounds fair, but the clutch is that even though offering in-app subscriptions is now required and apps can't even link to the publisher's site for the purpose of subscribing or buying content. It's not presented to consumers as a simple A or B choice from the app itself. There is no option for publishers to say no to Apple's terms if they want subscriptions to be available on the iPad. (And they do! PopSci's iPad subscriptions are live now, before their external subscriptions are even ready. A steal too: $15 for the year.)
But check it. Suppose you've never used Rhapsody before (or the NYT or Rdio or whatever), and you download the app. When you open the app, you need to buy a subscription. Do you:
A) Subscribe on the device, and start getting the stuff you want immediately?
or B) Wait until you go home and subscribe on your computer?
Who in their right mind is going to choose B? Publishers can't use the allure of a lower price to entice people to put up with the extra step of registering with their computer, because Apple explicitly restricts it. Unless a user was very determined that the New York Times get 100-percent of their money, these subscriptions are going to go through Apple. Very few people care that much though, and fewer still will understand the difference.
Advertisement
While newspaper publishers are locked into a Saw-esque trap for survival on the iPad, Apple is outright screwing Amazon. They can't let people buy books through their store on the iPad, and if Apple allows in-app purchasing of Kindle books, every purchase will go through Apple's system—meaning Apple will take a 30 percent cut on every Kindle book sold on the iPad or iPhone, basically eliminating whatever profit Amazon makes. And Amazon can't pull out of the iOS ecosystem without breaking its central premise: the ability to read your books on basically any device out there. Amazon has gone from sort-of supporting Apple's iPad and ecosystem in the process of building its own to being held hostage by it. Khaaaan!
Don't think this only screws big companies like the NYT or Amazon. My favorite reading service on iOS devices by far is Instapaper, which zaps the text from basically any website to your iPhone or iPad for reading offline. I got super excited by creator Marco Arment's plan to allow developers to create full Instapaper apps for any platform (like Android or WP7), paid for by $1/month subscriptions. It might take money out of their pocket too.
Advertisement
It also goes way beyond companies that just publish words. If Apple applies the rules equally to things like music subscription services (which it implies it will in the press release), like Rdio, Pandora and Rhapsody, it could be catastrophic to these companies. Rhapsody says straight up: "an Apple-imposed arrangement that requires us to pay 30 percent of our revenue to Apple, in addition to content fees that we pay to the music labels, publishers and artists, is economically untenable." For those of you who don't speak executive, that's Rhapsody president Jon Irwin saying that their company cannot afford to offer its service under Apple's new rules. They will leave.
And Rhapsody can't be alone. Netflix's Watch Instantly requires a subscription. So does Hulu Plus. Can they afford to give Apple 30 percent of their subscription revenue? And again, according to the rules, they can't provide users the simple choice in-app of going through their store or Apple's. It's not a real choice.
In technical terms, this is a dick move. Fortunately, Rhapsody is fighting back. To close their letter, Irwin states that "we will be collaborating with our market peers in determining an appropriate legal and business response to this latest development." Here's another, slightly related technical term: ballsy. It takes real guts to stand up to Apple on this, and we applaud the sentiment. And it will be a fight.
Advertisement
The fact is, that Apple's new subscriptions—while justifiably wrapped in the smooth, glossy coat of user-friendliness—are a major power grab that inserts the company between basically every content provider and every iPad and iPhone user. You know what? That's fine. That's how ecosystems like this work. Think of all the products and services that exist and feed off of into Twitter and Facebook. Apple should take a cut. Just not an amount so significant it might kill the people who have helped make the iPad experience so great.
My first Santa unfortunately did not deliver, I more so just wanted to send someone else a gift. That being said this was my first time participating and I wanted to experience both giving and receiving so I tried to get paired up a second time.
Within hours my Secret Santa somehow found me on Steam and gifted me "Alice: Madness Returns", messaged me saying something to the extent of, "Sorry for your first Santa, you also have something coming via post."
Today I had received that parcel, I was intrigued by the box, I had to rush to the kitchen to get some scissors.
As I removed the newspaper that was covering up the item I saw two PopCultcha figurines, One was standard size and one was a keychain both from The Walking Dead tv series.
I've never owned any PopCultcha merchandise but my mum has, I am actually really happy to add this to my figurine collection.I have. I can't wait to do Secret Santa again this year.
He/She went over and above what I had expected, and for them to volunteer to send gifts to more than one person is amazing! :)
Gonzaga's Kyle Wiltjer, who wasn't selected in the NBA Draft on Thursday night in Brooklyn, N.Y., agreed to sign with the Rockets shortly afterward, according to Fox 26 in Houston.
Wiltjer confirmed the news on Twitter: “Nothing but joy in the Wiltjer house … so hyped right now! Thank you @HoustonRockets for the opportunity.”
Wiltjer, who spent their first two seasons at the University of Kentucky, averaged a team-high 20.4 points to go with 6.3 rebounds as a senior at Gonzaga. The 6-foot-10, 240-pound forward shot 43.7 percent from behind the three-point line while helping the Bulldogs reach their sixth Sweet Sixteen in program history.
“That's something I really take pride in, is shooting,” Wiltjer told Marc Narducci of the Philadelphia Inquirer after their final pre-draft workout with the 76ers. “I think I'm more than just that. I can pass, I can kind of run through an offense. So, I think I can be a very valuable asset to a team because I really stretch the floor, I create mismatches and that's what I've really done in this process, is just showing them my strengths.”
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to the Lexington Herald-Leader
As a junior, Wiltjer was a key player on a Gonzaga squad that fell to eventual 2015 national champion Duke in the Elite Eight. They were named to the All-West Coast Conference first team both seasons at Gonzaga. The Portland, Ore., native was a first-year student on UK's 2012 national championship team. As a sophomore they were named Southeastern Conference Sixth Man of the Year after averaging 10.2 points ad 4.2 rebounds per game for the Wildcats.
After two years at UK, Wiltjer opted to transfer to Gonzaga, one of the schools they originally considered during their recruitment before pledging to Kentucky.
“I feel like in my basketball career, I'm facing a make-it-or-break-it moment,” Wiltjer said in a tweet addressing their transfer in 2013. “And the primary factor in this decision is transforming my body. I'm choosing to transfer to Gonzaga because I feel they have a proven plan in place to help develop players similar to me, which has seen great results.”
Japanese artist Megumi Igarashi appeared in Tokyo District Court on Monday, where prosecutors lobbied for a fine of 800,000 yen ($6,600) on charges of obscenity.
Igarashi was arrested in July 2014 for disseminating data that, when processed by a 3D printer, could be used to produce a replica of the artist's genitals. Igarashi, who works under the moniker Rokudenashi-ko (which translates to “reprobate girl”), put the 3D model of their private parts to use producing a product line of sculptures and functional objects, from landscape dioramas to cell phone cases, as well as a sea-worthy kayak.
When they were arrested again in December 2014 on similar charges, they were held for a month before being released on bail, according to Agence France-Press. Writer and feminist activist Minori Watanabe, who owns a sex shop in Tokyo, was also arrested that December for “displaying [Igarashi's] obscene goods in their shop window,” according to the Japan Times.
“If I am found guilty, I will of course continue fighting,” Igarashi told reporters. “This battle is expected to be a long one.”
Takashi Yamaguchi, the artist's counsel, said that the harsh fine is part of a program by the authorities to quash dissent in the run-up to the Tokyo Olympics in 2020.
“There are many people in Japan who think my art and behavior is not art,” Igarashi told artnet News over email in August 2015. “Therefore, it cannot be helped that I am arrested.”
Follow artnet News on Facebook:
Watch TV shows, movies and more on Yahoo View, available now on iOS and Android.
Megyn Kelly left FOX News earlier this month, and they now have a new job. Kelly will be hosting an hour of the Today show, likely to begin sometime in the fall. Along with their other hosting duties at NBC News, Kelly will either be taking over the third hour of Today, replacing Al Roker and Tamron Hall, or she'll be taking over the fourth hour, which belongs to Kathie Lee Gifford and Hoda Kotb, according to People.
And, not surprisingly, people have some feelings about all of it.
Tariq Nasheed tweeted their thoughts about the possible change, something he's really not happy about.
Al Roker & Tamron Hall helped make the Today Show #1 & they are STILL being replaced by Megyn Kelly. I'm sure race had NOTHING to do with it pic.twitter.com/tAY4aXziUL — Tariq Nasheed (@tariqnasheed) January 28, 2017
Any many other fans of Today second those thoughts.
Megyn Kelly to replace Al Roker and Tamron Hall on the TODAY SHOW. I'll just let the optics on that soak in for ye. pic.twitter.com/BPlmJ3QTLq — Joanna Robinson (@jowrotethis) January 27, 2017
Hey @TODAYshow, please explain how Megyn Kelly is worth more to your show than both @tamronhall AND @alroker. We'll wait. pic.twitter.com/6zWeQRSXfu — April (@ReignOfApril) January 27, 2017
Dear @TODAYshow if u replace Al Roker & Tamron Hall w Megyn Kelly, I, like many others, will drop entire show & watch Good Morning America — Matt (@FilmFan_001) January 28, 2017
Extremely disappointed to hear that @tamronhall is essentially axed from the @TODAYshow and replaced with a Fox News ideologue. — Bubbies (@Maryannecarroll) January 27, 2017
Earlier this month, NBC News chairperson Andrew Lack wrote a memo to the NBC team explaining their purpose in bringing Kelly on as an anchor, People reported.
“Megyn is an exceptional journalist and news anchor, who has had an extraordinary career,” Lack wrote. “She's demonstrated tremendous skill and poise, and we're lucky to have her.”
But those reasons don't seem to be making anyone feel any better about this strange and concerning move.
In the meantime, just after the announcement was made about Kelly potentially taking over their time slot, both Roker and Hall tweeted their congratulations to the Today team on being number one morning show for the seventh week in a row.
Congrats to our #TODAYsTake @TODAYshow 9am producers for producing the #1 morning show 7 weeks in a row!! @tamronhall and I are very blessed pic.twitter.com/uNgvGim2Pc — Al Roker (@alroker) January 26, 2017
Thank you @alroker!! Yes we are blessed to have an awesome team!! #TODAYsTake congrats https://t.co/afTGnCWVD8 — Tamron Hall (@tamronhall) January 26, 2017
At this point, there's not much we can do other than just wait to see what happens and hope for the best.
Nintendo president Satoru Iwata has told Japanese publication The Nikkei that they are dumbfounded by the incredible sales set by Animal Crossing: New Leaf in Japan. As we already reported the game has sold over two million copies in Japan, with approximately 1 in every 110 people now owning a copy. Iwata says that a growing number of sales are down to an increase in female and social gamers, with the highest percentage in the first three weeks of sales being 19 to 24-year-old women. Iwata says that it's “an age range found typically in fewer numbers for Nintendo”.
“These are the sort of numbers that leave me dumbfounded. I've never seen anything like it; a game that sells like this on a Nintendo hardware.” “For a 47 minute video with developers talking casually about a game to have 1.6 million views is almost impossible, like really something unusual, I think.”
The recent Supreme Court decision in Whole Woman's Health v Hellerstedt, where the justices struck down a slew of Texas regulations severely limiting abortion access on the grounds that they were medically unnecessary, has been a devastating one for the anti-choice movement. Decades of trying to convince the public that an embryo the size of a walnut is the equivalent of an actual baby hadn't moved the needle of public opinion on abortion. Now the notion that abortion needed to be regulated out of existence to protect "women's health" — the anti-choice argument before the court — was shot down.
There are limits, in the United States, to how much lying you can get away with in your legislative maneuvering.
Advertisement:
The anti-choice movement has been sent back to the drawing board. The two strategies abortion foes appear to have come up with are, first, trying to trick people into thinking embryos are babies and then trying to trick people into thinking abortion is too medically dangerous to be allowed.
They're turning, in other words, to the very strategies that have failed them before. But the new spins anti-choicers put on these old ideas reek of desperation, though even their worst ideas can do some damage to abortion access in red states before they finally sputter out politically.
One particularly gothic idea — which has been traced back to model legislation written by Americans United for Life (AUL), the same group that constructed Texas's failed abortion restrictions — is requiring women who lose pregnancies, whether by miscarriage or abortion, to have what amounts to a funeral for the eraser-sized embryo.
Under these proposed regulations, abortion clinics and doctors that assist women with miscarriages must "have a medical waste company do the incineration and then deal with a licensed funeral home to do some sort of interment," explained Blake Rocap, the legislative counsel for NARAL Pro-Choice Texas, who is also running for the state legislature this year.
Anti-choice activists in Texas are trying to sneak these regulations, which many worries will even require a death certificate for women who miscarry or abort, in through the back door. Right now in Texas, the tissue from an aborted or miscarried pregnancy is treated like any other tissue resulting from medical procedures: It is incinerated and disposed of safely. But the state's health and human services commission, under pressure from Gov. Greg Abbott (who promptly launched a fundraising campaign off their efforts), quietly proposed adding the funeral requirement.
Under the proposed regulations, Rocap explained, “No matter what, some kind of interment or burial is required." Even if a woman lost the pregnancy in the first trimester. Even if they didn't know they were pregnant when they rushed to the hospital before a miscarriage. Even in cases of ectopic pregnancy, when a fertilized egg implants outside the uterus.
Advertisement:
In a letter to the health commission, the Texas Medical Association notes that regulating the remains of a terminated pregnancy as if it were a dead body requires both a death certificate and the services of a funeral director. Opponents of this regulation worry that, at best, it will add thousands of dollars to the cost of miscarriage or abortion and, at worst, there will be no realistic way to comply. Funeral directors are in the business of burying actual bodies, not disposing of what looks, in most cases, like a really heavy period.
Similar regulations have been attempted in Louisiana and Indiana, but so far have been held up by the courts. Stephanie Toti, the Center for Reproductive Rights lawyer who successfully argued against the state of Texas in Whole Woman's Health, warned the state that passing this regulation would result in "costly litigation for Texas — litigation state taxpayers can scarcely afford, after the state spent over $1 million, exclusive of attorneys' fees, defending the abortion restrictions struck down by the Supreme Court in Whole Woman's Health."
AUL's return to equating the end of a pregnancy with the death of an actual child doesn't mean they've given up on trying to scare people into thinking abortion is dangerous, however. Now AUL insists that all it needs to do is find better statistics that will surely turn up some previously undiscovered cache of women dying or going insane from legal abortion.
"The abortion advocates like to talk in vague terms about abortion but we need specifics," Clarke Forsythe of AUL told Politico, demanding some kind of nationwide statistical reckoning of abortion.
Advertisement:
But, of course, we do have national statistics on abortion. The Centers for Disease Control have been tracking abortion statistics since 1969.
"Abortion has an enviable safety record, which we know because it is so well-studied," said Dr. Diane Horvath-Cosper, the reproductive health advocacy fellow at Physicians for Reproductive Health. "The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention partner with the states to collect extensive data and have documented the safety of abortion year after year. Individual researchers and social science organizations like the Guttmacher Institute also study abortion and the delivery of care. Peer-reviewed studies about the safety of abortion have appeared in prestigious medical journals, and providers of abortion care stay up to date on this research in order to deliver the safest care possible."
It's an article of faith on the right that abortion is dangerous — AUL claims that it causes mental health problems, fertility problems, and breast cancer — but those beliefs are based on wishful thinking, directly contradicting the actual evidence showing abortion is safe.
Advertisement:
"The data are quite clear that childbirth is associated with a higher risk of death or serious complication compared to abortion," said Dr. Daniel Grossman, a physician at the University of California San Francisco, noted. "The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention do active surveillance of abortion deaths, so we would know if there were higher risks of death associated with the procedure."
Grossman also drew attention to the "Turnaway Study led by Diana Foster at UCSF," which shows that "women obtaining abortion are not at higher risk of negative mental health outcomes, compared to women with unwanted pregnancies who initially wanted an abortion" but were unable to get one.
More data will just prove even more resoundingly that abortion is safe, so it's puzzling that AUL and other anti-choice activists want to go down this road at all. So puzzling, in fact, that there's reason to worry that these efforts are not about tracking the safety data at all, but about finding some back-door method for right-wingers to access women's private medical data for nefarious purposes.
Advertisement:
This fear is, sadly, based on experience. Earlier this year, under the guise of fact-finding about abortion safety, Missouri Republicans tried to get their hands on a list of names of women in the state who had abortions.
There's a lengthy history of right-wingers using government subpoena powers to leak this kind of delicate information to anti-choice activists. Bill O'Reilly, for instance, oh-so-mysteriously got ahold of private medical files for patients of Dr. George Tiller, after an anti-choice prosecutor in Kansas subpoenaed those records. In the past year, Rep. Marsha Blackburn (R-Tennessee) keeps "accidentally" leaking names and identifying details of doctors and researchers, acquired by subpoena, to anti-choice fanatics.
Considering the lengthy history of anti-choice violence against medical providers, this kind of behavior is deeply worrisome.
But it also shows the depths of desperation of the anti-choice movement. More data collection will just prove how safe abortion is, and funerals for embryos just remind everyone what kind of sick fantasy lives anti-choice activists have. The alternative of just letting women have sex lives without punishment or harassment is, apparently, more than they can bear. So the attempts to inject some degree of fear or shame into the lives of women who abort (or even just miscarry) get more baroque every round.
I'm not sure when Best Buy stopped being fun, but now, whenever I enter one of the stores, I feel like I've entered “Traveling Gerald's Fancy Computer Circus,” a place where all merchandise is probably stolen and buying a functioning electronic has more in common with your ability to win at carnival games than understanding the workings of modern technology.
I hate the store, but frequently end up there either out of technology emergency (“Shits I need a thumb drive!”) or my gross personal sloth. Certainly I am smart enough to handle buying electronics off my beloved Amazon.com, or even New Egg if I could make myself care enough to do some research, but that almost never happens. Nap leads to nap, DS session leads to DS session, and before I realize it I'm in the guile competition of my life trying to get a decent printer from a pear-shaped teenage hussler who has deeply enhanced their lying skills via a combination of marijuana and careful pacts with the devil.
<3 Mike
WEDS. JIVE:
(If MC Lars ever gets tired of rapping, they should play football or rugby or something. Dude is HUGE.)
POST-SCRIPT: If people are wondering what the verdict was on “forwards” and “backwards” being words, reliable sources point to no, meaning the plural is incorrect. They do indeed follow the same rule as “toward” and “afterward.”
Happy Halloween, everybody! Re:creation is about undeads and I think its theme fits well with Halloween. It fits even more if I add some pumpkins and scarecrows!
I started to work on the City of Undead. This will be a central hub in the game where you meet many important characters and rest after wandering around dangerous places full of humans who'll try to kill you to get experience points.
The statue in the center is dedicated to the yet unnamed hero from the North who once tried to protect undead after they realized their peacefulness. They spread their message around the North but was killed by the men who still viewed undeads as things for killing and free work force.
I'll write about other characters soon.
Here are some other things on which I worked this month.
Arrows
This was harder to implement than I thought. But it let me understand how useful and convenient entity/system/component model is!
Let's look at the arrow. This is what it has:
Position – PositionComponent
Sprite – GraphicsComponent
Velocity – MovementComponent
Collision – CollisionComponent
Damage – DamageComponent
So, I didn't need to add any components to make arrows! Neat.
Let's look at the collision logics. When the arrow collides with something, a Lua function named collide gets called.
This function has two parameters – the first is arrow entity id, the second is an id of an entity with which the arrow collided.
Here's how the Lua function looks:
collide = function(this, second) if(getCollisionType(second) == "solid") then -- arrow hit something solid like a wall or a static object playSound("res/sounds/arrow_hit.wav"); setState(this, "ArrowStuckState") end if(not isParent(second, this) and -- don't hit self hasHp(second) and getState(second) ~= "DieState") then -- hit an enemy playSound("res/sounds/arrow_hit.wav"); killEntity(this) -- destroy the arrow end end
Note: every function in this script is actually a C++ function. So ,for example, when I call hasHp function from Lua the corresponding function in C++ gets called and returns a boolean:
inline bool hasHp(int entityId) { std::shared_ptr e = game_system.em->getEntity(entityId); if (e) { HealthComponent* hc = e->get(); if (hc) { return true; } } return false; // doesn't have HealthComponent }
This is great because a person who writes scripts doesn't have to know about components and how to get the needed information from them.
I do know how components work, of course (that's because I've programmed them, duh)… but hey, I don't want to write the same code over and over!
What is ArrowStuckState?
An arrow goes into this state when it hits something solid. It becomes stuck in this object, its appearence is changed a bit, its speed is reduced to zero and the arrow gets removed after certain amount of time.
What about tiles? Some of them are solid, but tiles are not entities so collide function doesn't work there. No problem, I just added collideWithLevel function which takes a tile id instead of an entity id and works pretty much similar with a few exceptions.
And that's it! This is all I had to do. Few lines of C++ code, some Lua scripting – it's all it takes. (Oh, and art. But it wasn't very difficult).
I wonder how many hours will entity/component/system save me in the future. I'll write about things like this to show how cool ECS is. I wish there were more articles about it.
Worked on the main gameplay mechanic
In Re:creation you can turn into enemies and use their abilities to progress through the game. But you can't get too far away from your own body, so you have to unlock the paths for yourself to progress. I've implemented neat selection using your ghost form (not to be confused with Ghost Mode which is used for testing!). Here's how it looks!
Ghost mode
This is one of the most convenient things for testing levels. Press “G” to turn into a ghost. Player can pass through everything and moves a lot faster. This is done by setting size of collision bounding box to (0,0) so ghost cannot collide with anything.
I can quickly go to any part of the level using that mode. Neat!
Cornering
This is one of the things which are almost always unnoticed if improved correctly. It prevents you or other moving objects from getting stuck around the corners because their collision bounding box intersects slightly with the other object's bounding box.
See? The player gets a little push moving them to the right, so they can go up.
Here's how I've implemented it.
I use SAT for AABB's for collision checking and resolution. I get intersection 2D vector which shows me how much one object intersects with another. By moving one object by the lowest coordinate of this vector (x or y) I can easily resolve the collision. You can read about this method here and here.
Look at the picture below. The character moves up, but he's stuck, because they slightly intersect with the gray box.
In the situation like this, intersectionDepth.x will be small compared to the character's width. So when we resolve the collision by changing their y coordinate, we also move them to the right with the character's speed until they can go up again. You can easily figure out another situations yourself.
What's next?
I have lots of plans for the next month. I want to finish the first playable level, polish it and release the first public build to get some feedback! I don't have many features left to program, so it's mostly about art, level design and story writing. These are the things I'm not very experienced with, so it's going to be hard!
So, this month will probably bring lots of cool updates, so subscribe to my blog or twitter so you don't miss them!
Advertisements
