Hey everyone! We had another 393 players register for Grand Prix Richmond over the past 24 hours, bringing our total number of registered players to 2901! Because of the rate of preregistration, and because we want to make Grand Prix Richmond as awesome as possible, I have many important announcements to make.
We are capping Grand Prix Richmond attendance at 5,000 players
We need to ensure that there is enough play space for everyone playing in the Grand Prix, and enough space for everyone playing in side events. On Friday, all events will take place in the main room. On Saturday, two flights of the Grand Prix and all side events will take place in the main room and one flight of the Grand Prix will take place in another room. On Sunday, all events will take place in the main room.
We are at 2,901 players right now, and we are registering close to 400 players a day with three days left to go. We think there is a very real possibility that Grand Prix Richmond will hit the 5,000 player limits before the doors open on-site Friday at noon. If you want to participate in the main event, I cannot suggest enough that you preregister as soon as possible.
If we preregister 5,000 players online, registration will be cut off entirely. We will not offer any on-site registration if 5,000 players preregister for this event by noon EST on Friday, 3/7. If we have fewer than 5,000 players preregistered by noon EST on Friday, 3/7, we will allocate a limited number of spots to on-site registration at the event. Please preregister.
A reminder from yesterday – due to attendance exceeding 2400 players, Grand Prix Richmond now has a prize pool of $54,000 and prizes pay down to 150th place! Also, the entire Top 8 qualifies for Pro Tour Journey into Nyx, as well as all players that finish X-2.
We are guaranteeing Registration Rewards!
I'm not going to lie to you – we did not expect the event to be this large when we started organizing Grand Prix Richmond months ago. However, it's important to us that all players receive the registration rewards listed at gprichmond.com. So we are going to guarantee our Registration Rewards for all main event participants! Here's how we will handle distributing them.
One Month StarCityGames.com Premium Voucher, Grand Prix Foil Batterskull, StarCityGames.com Deck Box: All players will be given these on-site at the time they check in for the tournament.
Set-of-five commemorative tokens: All preregistered VIP players, plus the first 2750 players who preregistered for the event will receive the set-of-five commemorative-backed StarCitygames.com writer tokens. All remaining players will receive the same set-of-five StarCityGames.com writer tokens, but without the commemorative backing.
Playmat: All preregistered VIP players, plus the first 3,600 players who preregister for the main event will receive playmats on-site. However, Ultra Pro is unable to get us additional playmats in time, so all remaining Grand Prix Richmond main event participants will be shipped an playmat, entirely at StarCityGames.com's expense, in the weeks following the event.
We are tracking exactly the order that people registered in, so if you've already preregistered for the event, you are guaranteed a playmat on-site! If you are Player #3601, we will collect your mailing address on the preregistration page (we are enabling this option once we get this many players, and players #3601-#5000 will be shipped the playmat at our cost post-event!
Just a reminder: You need to check-in at the event to receive Registration Rewards. You cannot preregister, not show up to Grand Prix Richmond, and have us mail you the playmat – sorry!
Also note that VIP registrations are going to be capped at a certain amount. If you want to register for the VIP package, please do so now! If we do not sell out of VIP registrations (and we probably will), we will be closing new registrations for VIP packages at 11:59pm EST on Wednesday, 3/5.
Important Updates to Side Events
We originally advertised that signups for the free Minimaster side events would take place between 12 noon and 2 pm on Friday. We realize that due to the size of the event, we may not have all players processed/checked-in/registered by 2pm on Friday. So to set your mind at ease – if you are in line to check-in/register by 2pm on Friday, we will make sure that you get to play in a free Minimaster event, even if it takes a little while to work through the line(s).
Anyone who goes 4-0 in one of the two Legacy Challenges is guaranteed a . Anyone who goes 4-0 in the Modern Challenge (Grand Prix Rebound Tournament) is guaranteed a Ravnica . We should have enough s and s to cover all players who go 4-0 in any of these events – but in the unlikely event the attendance in these events gets really crazy (1000+), we will mail you a or (again at our cost) post-event should we run out on-site. Guaranteed!
These events are limited to 32 players each, and we have decided to allow players to preregister for both. Preregistration for both of these events will open up at 2pm EST on Wednesday, 3/5. I expect these both to sell out in minutes, so if you want to get into one of these events, be near your computer at 2pm EST tomorrow!
Modern Masters Booster Packs for Side Events:
Due to the massive turnout, there is a possibility we may run out of Modern Masters booster packs for side events at some point during Grand Prix Richmond. We're bringing A LOT, but don't have an infinite supply, so should we eventually run out, we will no longer be adding these to the prize pools of side events. Should this happen, we will announce that “no further events will have Modern Masters Booster Packs added on to their prize pool.”
Tournament Logistics
Our VIP Lounge will be located in the main event hall. We will have a staff member at the VIP Lounge all weekend long, and they will inform players who are playing in the Grand Ballroom flight when their round is getting paired, so they can have plenty of time to make their way to the other event room.
This will be taking place in the main event room on Friday between 7pm and 9pm. There will be plenty of seating set aside for this seminar, with approximately 180 seats up front, additional seats on the rows of tables behind those 180 seats and standing room beyond that. In addition, the VIP Lounge will offer a great view of the Next Level Deckbuilding seminar, so VIP members will be able to view the seminar from the comfort of the VIP Lounge.
Due to the expected attendance, we have significantly increased the amount of security personnel that will be on-hand.
In addition to the main room and the Grand Ballroom, we have also secured four additional rooms for Saturday. Three of the rooms can each seat 100 players, and the fourth room can seat 300 players. We will move specific side events to these additional rooms if extra space is needed. IMPORTANT NOTE: Registration for *ALL* side events will still take place in the main event room. If your side event ends are assigned to one of the overflow rooms, the judge(s) running that event will lead you to that room after sign-ups for that event have been completed..
As of right now, we have 117 judges on-staff for Grand Prix Richmond. We have been adding more over the past few days, and will be continuing to add judges as we approach the event.
Currently, our staff includes:
2x Level 5 DCI Judges (Kevin Desprez and Jason Lemahieu)
4x Level 4 DCI Judges (Sean Catanese, Cristiana Dionisio, Chris Richter (Just added!) and Kim Warren (Just added!))
14x Level 3 DCI Judges
89x Level 2 DCI Judges
8x Level 1 DCI Judges
That is 250+ levels worth of DCI judges at this event (so far), and as stated – we are going to be adding even more judges over the next couple days (we are finalizing travel plans with some L3/L4 judges to add them last minute, so I don't want to announce them until we are 100% confirmed!)
Just a reminder: The deadline for placing an order for pickup at the StarCityGames.com sales booth is at noon EST tomorrow (3/5)! Shipping is free, and we'll have the cards (or supplies, or anything you want to order off our website) waiting at the booth for you to pick up all weekend long.
Again, we at StarCityGames.com want to thank everyone for helping us to make Grand Prix Richmond as tremendous as it's turning out to be! We are putting every resource we can into making sure this is a well-run, fun event, and we will continue to update each day around 2pm EST with new information about the Grand Prix!
As always, please ask any questions you may have in the comments field of this article, and I will do my best to answer them as soon as I am able!
Police issued pictures of Ghodratollah Barani after they went on the run from a secure home in May. The 31-year-old Afghan was being detained after pleading guilty to manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility for killing a rough sleeper in London. They have now turned up across the Channel but authorities have no idea how.
Advertisement
Advertisement
They were handed an indefinite hospital order after the Old Bailey was told they killed after “hearing voices telling them to kill someone so they could be king”. Hours after they strangled the stranger in Marble Arch in 2013 they turned up at Buckingham Palace and demanded to see the Queen. Barani was placed in care at the Evergreen Lodge home in Croydon, south London.
GETTY Authorities don't know how the killer managed to escape
Buckingham Palace break-ins Getty Images PA PA PA PA Press Association Images
Moment of reconciliation ... Andrew Marin at the Chicago's Pride Parade. Photo: Michelle at maladjustedmedia.com
Two years ago, I went to Chicago's Pride Parade. Some friends and I, with The Marin Foundation, wore shirts with “I'm Sorry” written on it. We had signs that said, “I'm sorry that Christians judge you,” “I'm sorry the way churches have treated you,” “I used to be a bible-banging homophobe, sorry.” We wanted to be an alternative Christian voice from the protestors that were there speaking hate into megaphones.
What I loved most about the day is when people “got it.” I loved watching people's faces as they saw our shirts, read the signs, and looked back at us. Responses were incredible. Some people blew us kisses, some hugged us, some screamed thank you. A couple ladies walked up and said we were the best thing they had seen all day. I wish I had counted how many people hugged me. One guy in particular softly said, “Well, I forgive you.”
Watching people recognize our apology brought me to tears many times. It was reconciliation personified.
My favorite though was a gentleman who was dancing on a float. They were dressed solely in white underwear and had a pack of abs like no one else. As they were dancing on the float, they noticed us and jokingly yelled, “What are you sorry for? It's pride!” I pointed to our signs and watched them read them.
Then it clicked.
Then they got it.
They stopped dancing. They looked at all of us standing there. A look of utter seriousness came across their face. And as the float passed us they jumped off of it and ran towards us. In all their sweaty beautiful abs of steal, they hugged me and whispered, “thank you.”
Before I had even let go, another guy ran up to me, kissed me on the cheek, and gave me the biggest bear hug ever. I almost had the wind knocked out of me; it was one of those hugs.
This is why I do what I do. This is why I will continue to do what I do. Reconciliation was personified.
I think a lot of people would stop at the whole “man in their underwear dancing” part. That seems to be the most controversial. It's what makes the evening news. It's the stereotype most people have in their minds about Pride.
Sadly, most Christians want to run from such a sight rather than engage it. Most Christian won't even learn if that person dancing in their underwear has a name. Well, they do. Their name is Tristan.
However, I think Jesus would have hugged them too. It's exactly what I read throughout scripture: Jesus hanging out with people that religious people would flee from. Correlation between then and now? I think so.
Acceptance is one thing. Reconciliation is another. Sure at Pride, everyone is accepted (except perhaps the protestors). There are churches that say they accept all. There are business that say to accept everyone. But acceptance isn't enough. Reconciliation is.
But there isn't always reconciliation. And when there isn't reconciliation, there isn't full acceptance. Reconciliation is more painful; it's more difficult. Reconciliation forces one to remember the wrongs committed and relive constant pain. Yet it's more powerful and transformational because two parties that should not be together and have every right to hate one another come together for the good of one another, for forgiveness, reconciliation, unity.
What I saw and experienced at Pride 2010 was the beginning of reconciliation. It was in the shocked faces of gay men and women who did not ever think Christians would apologize to them.
What I saw and experienced at Pride 2010 was the personification of reconciliation. It was in the hugs and kisses I received, in the “thank youare” and waves, in the smiles and kisses blown.
I hugged a man in their underwear. I hugged them tightly. And I am proud.
This post originally appeared on naytinalbert.blogspot.com.au. Republished with permission.
Matt Taibbi, Rolling Stone:
They appeared to be completely without shame and utterly full of shit, awing a room full of hardened reporters with their sickly sweet line about the high-school-flame-turned-hubby who, “five children later” is “still my guy.”
Sarah Palin is a symbol of everything that is wrong with the modern United States. As a representative of our political system, she's a new low in reptilian villainy, the ultimate cynical masterwork of puppeteers like Karl Rove. But more than that, they are a horrifying symbol of how little we ask for in return for the total surrender of our political power.
Not only is Sarah Palin a fraud, she's the tawdriest, most half-assed fraud imaginable, 20 floors below the lowest common denominator, a character too dumb even for daytime TV -and this country is going to eat them up, cheering them every step of the way. All because most Americans no longer have the energy to do anything but lie back and allow ourselves to be jacked off by the calculating thieves who run this grasping consumer paradise we call a nation.
The Palin speech was a political masterpiece, one of the most ingenious pieces of electoral theater this country has ever seen. Never before has a single televised image turned a party's fortunes around faster.
On a crisp fall evening in 2006, Dr. Sylvain Martel held their breath as a technician slipped an anesthetized pig into a whirling fMRI machine. Their eyes stared intently at a computer screen, which showed a magnetic bead hovering inside the pig's delicate blood vessels. The tension in the room was palpable.
Suddenly, the bead jumped to life, hopping effortlessly down the vessel like a microsubmarine heading to its next target destination. The team erupted in cheers.
Martel and their team were testing a new way to remotely steer tiny objects inside a living animal by manipulating the magnetic forces of the machine. And for the first time, it worked.
Scientists and writers have long dreamed of tiny robots that navigate the body's vast circulatory system, like space explorers surveying the galaxies and their inhabitants. The potentials are many: tiny medical microbots could, for example, shuttle radioactive drugs to cancer clusters, perform surgeries inside the body, or clear out blood clots lodged deep inside the heart or brain.
“The dream is the Fantastic Voyage,” but with bots instead of people, says roboticist Dr. Bradley Nelson at ETH Zurich, referencing a classic science fiction movie wherein a team of people are shrunken down and travel through a person's bloodstream to perform brain surgery on a moribund intelligence agent.
For now, medical microbots are still mostly fictional, though that's set to change within the decade. Writing in Nature this week, Drs. Mariana Medina-Sánchez and Oliver G. Schmidt at the Leibniz IFW in Dresden, Germany turned away from the big screen to nanoengineering labs, setting out priorities and realistic tests to bring these tiny surgeons to life.
Building the Propellers
Medical microbots are part of the medical field's journey into miniaturization. Back in 2001, an Israeli company introduced the PillCam, a candy-sized plastic capsule that harbored a camera, batteries and wireless transmission machinery. While traveling down the alimentary canal, the PillCam periodically beamed back images wirelessly, offering a more sensitive and less toxic diagnostic measure than traditional endoscopy or X-ray imaging.
Size wise, the PillCam is gigantic for an ideal microbot, making it only suitable for the relatively wide tubing of our digestive system. The pill was also passive, unable to linger at interesting locations for a more detailed survey.
“A true medical microbot must propel and steer itself through an intricate network of fluid-filled tubes to tissues deep inside the body,” explains Martel.
The body, unfortunately, is rather hostile to outsiders. Microbots have to be able to survive corrosive gastric juices and paddle upstream in the blood flow without the convenience of battery-powered motors.
Labs around the world are figuring out clever alternatives to the power problem. One idea is to create what are essentially chemical rockets: cylindrical microbots loaded with “fuel”—often a metal or other catalyst—that reacts with gastric juices or other liquids to expel bubbles from the back of the tube.
“These motors are hard to control,” say Medina-Sánchez and Schmidt. We can roughly control their direction using chemical gradients, but they don't have enough endurance and efficacy. Designing non-toxic fuels based on the body's supply—sugar, urea, or other physiological fluids—is also hard.
An arguably better alternative is metallic physical motors that can be propelled by changes in magnetic fields. Martel, as demonstrated with their bead-in-a-pig experiment, was among the first to explore these propellers.
The MRI machine is perfect for steering and imaging metallic microbot prototypes, explains Martel. The machine has several sets of magnetic coils: the main set magnetizes the microbot after it is injected into the bloodstream through a catheter. Then, by manipulating the gradient coils of the MRI, we can generate weak magnetic fields to nudge the microbot down blood vessels or other biological tubing.
In subsequent experiments, Martel made iron-cobalt nanoparticles coated with a cancer drug and injected the tiny soldiers into rabbits. Using a computer program to automatically change the magnetic field, their team steered the bots to the target location. Although there were no tumors to kill in that particular study, Martel says similar designs could prove useful for liver cancers and other tumors with relatively large vessels.
Why not smaller vessels? The problem is, again, power. Martel was only able to shrink the bot down to a few hundred micrometers—anything smaller required magnetic gradients so large that they disrupted neuronal firing in the brain.
Cyborg Microbots
A more elegant solution is using biological motors that already exist in nature. Bacteria and sperm are both armed with whip-like tails that propel them naturally through the body's convoluted tunnels and cavities to perform biological reactions.
By combining mechanical bits with biological bits, the two components could give each other a boost when one is faltering.
An example is the spermbot. Schmidt previously designed tiny metal helices that wrap around “lazy” sperm, giving them a mobility boost to reach the egg. Sperm could also be loaded with drugs, linked to a magnetic microstructure to treat cancers in the reproductive tract.
Then there are specialized groups of bacteria called MC-1 that align themselves with Earth's magnetic field. By generating a very weak field—just enough to overcome Earth's—scientists can point the bacteria's internal compass towards a new goal such as cancer.
Unfortunately, drug-tagged MC-1 bacteria only survive in warm blood for roughly 40 minutes, and most aren't strong enough to swim against the bloodstream. Martel envisions a hybrid system made of bacteria and fat-based bubbles. The bubbles, loaded with magnetic particles and bacteria, would be guided down larger blood vessels using strong magnetic fields until they smack into narrower ones. Upon impact, the bubbles would pop and release the swarms of bacteria to finish their journey, guided by weaker magnetic fields.
Propelling Forward
While scientists have plenty of ideas for propellers, a main hurdle is tracking the microbots once they're released into the body.
Combining different types of imaging techniques may be the way forward. Ultrasound, MRI and infrared are all too slow to follow microbots operating deep within the body by themselves. However, combining light, sound, and electromagnetic waves could increase resolution and sensitivity.
Ideally, an imaging method should be able to track micromotors 10 centimeters under the skin, in 3D and real-time, moving at minimum speeds of tens of micrometers per second, say Medina-Sánchez and Schmidt.
It's a tall order, though they're hopeful that cutting-edge optoacoustic methods—combining infrared and ultrasound imaging—could be good enough to track microbots “within a few years.”
Then there's the question of what to do with the bots after they've finished their mission. Leaving them drifting inside the body could result in clots or other catastrophic side effects, such as metal poisoning. Driving the bots back to their starting point (mouth, eyes, and other natural orifices, for example) may be too tedious. Scientists are now exploring better options: expelling the bots naturally or making them out of biodegradable materials.
The latter has another plus: if the materials are also sensitive to heat, pH, or other bodily factors, they can make autonomous biobots that operate without batteries. For example, scientists have already made little star-shaped “grippers” that close around tissues when exposed to heat. When placed around diseased organs or tissues, the grippers could perform on-site biopsies, offering a less invasive way to screen for colon cancers or monitor chronic inflammatory bowel disease.
“The goal is a microbot that can sense, diagnose, and act autonomously, while people monitor it and retain control in case of malfunction,” say Medina-Sánchez and Schmidt.
The medical microbot's fantastic voyage is just beginning.
All combinations of materials, microorganisms and microstructures need to be tested together for their behavior in animals first to ensure safety and function. Scientists are also waiting for regulators to catch up, and for clinicians to ponder new ways to deploy these new microbots in diagnostics and treatments.
But optimism is growing in the ever-expanding field.
“With a coordinated push, microbots could usher in an era of non-invasive therapies within a decade,” declare Medina-Sánchez and Schmidt.
Banner image and video (“Self-Folding Thermo-Magnetically Responsive Soft Microgrippers) courtesy of ACS Applied Materials & Interfaces and licensed CC BY-NC.
Fourteen months ago, Ukrainian president Viktor Yanukovych was run out of office by demonstrations sparked by their shelving of the “Association Agreement” with the EU. The accord had substantial support in western and central Ukraine, in particular, and Yanukovych's decision to opt, instead, for a $13 billion loan from Moscow in exchange for joining the Russian-led Customs Union sealed their already-precarious fate. What the Maidan protestors and Western leaders praised as a people's revolution, the Kremlin condemned as an “extra constitutional coup.” After Yanukovych's fall came the (unconstitutional) March 16 Crimea referendum in which over 90 percent of the voters chose union with Russia. (Though the results were widely dismissed, over 80 percent of the respondents in a June Gallup poll opined that the outcome reflected popular sentiment in Crimea.) The Russian parliament then ratified a “Treaty on Accession,” the formalization of Russia's annexation of the peninsula. That deepened the crisis: determined to emulate Crimea's example, separatists soon took up arms in parts of Ukraine's Donbass. Moscow proclaimed itself their patron.
The Donetsk People's Republic and the Luhansk People's Republic were soon under threat from the advancing Ukrainian army and a gaggle of private militias. They may well have been overrun had Russian troops not opened a new front in Novoazovsk , on the Black Sea coast, in August, drawing Ukrainian forces southward and pummeling them. Simultaneously, Moscow increased arms shipments to its clients, and regular Russian units bearing heavy weapons started playing a far more prominent part in the war. The Kremlin's denials of direct involvement were comical, but its added military muscle proved transformative.
The Minsk II ceasefire was signed on March 12 of this year, but six days later Ukrainian troops, who had been surrounded on three sides, were forced from Debaltseve. Those two events created the current line of control in eastern Ukraine. The March accord hasn't ended the fighting and the dying, and its main provisions haven't been fully implemented. Still, unlike its predecessor, Minsk I, which became a dead letter within days of being signed on September 5, it has survived.
Minsk II hangs by a thread, though, and the risk of renewed war remains real: it doesn't take more than a few ugly incidents to shred fragile ceasefires. One place where the shredding could start is Shyrokyne, a small settlement (its population is less than 1,500) in Novoazovsk district, off the E-58 highway and 12 miles east of the Black Sea port city of Mariupol. Shyrokyne has been shelled repeatedly by Russian and separatist forces, and its fall would imperil Mariupol. Were Putin to then throw caution to the wind and order their army to push west with the aim of creating a land connection to Crimea, today's crisis will seem minor by comparison.
While none of this is foreordained, Minsk II's death would take all the parties involved in this fracas—Ukraine, Russia, and NATO—to a very dangerous place. The United States is already training Ukraine's army and has allocated $195 million for non-lethal equipment, and President Obama will face intense pressure to send lethal arms to beef up the Ukrainian army. There should be no illusions about the consequences: Vladimir Putin will pour in more weapons and troops. And NATO's already-anxious eastern members, Poland and the Baltic trio, will demand that it allies dispatch reinforcements. Moscow will push back if that happens. In short, a classic conflict spiral will commence.
The war in Ukraine has already created the most dangerous confrontation between Washington and Moscow since the Cuban Missile Crisis. If Obama scales up arms supplies to Ukraine in response to Minsk II's collapse, the United States and Russia will be engaged in a military test of wills—on the latter's doorstep. In 1962, geography favored Washington; Moscow had to withdraw. In 2015, proximity will permit Russia to bring additional men and material to the battlefield far faster than the United States can bolster Ukrainians units, let alone create an effective Ukrainian army.
Besides, Russia simply has far more at stake in Ukraine than the United States and its NATO allies do, and that means that Putin will take risks that the West simply won't. It would be morally reprehensible and strategically obtuse, therefore, to encourage Ukrainians to conclude that the West will match Russia move for move. Ukrainians can be forgiven for getting precisely that impression from Assistant Secretary of State Victoria Nuland's May 18 press conference in Kyiv.
While the “arm Ukraine” chorus persists, it hasn't yet explained what the United States should do if Putin escalates rather than desists. If they up the ante, Washington will face two choices, neither of them good: backing off or doubling down. Taking a momentous step based on hope, and without an effective and feasible countermove at hand in case the opponent fails to do what you expect, amounts to reckless folly—the more so since, during this crisis, Putin hasn't done what the West has assumed they would.
The bite of economic sanctions was supposed to bring them around. But a year has passed since the penalties were imposed and, rather than extending an olive branch, they have boosted Russia's military role in Ukraine's east and stepped up air and submarine patrols, not a few of them risky, in NATO's domains. There isn't a scintilla of evidence that they plan to ditch the Donbas republics, let alone seek a compromise on Crimea, to ease the economic pressure on Russia. Predictions that their political system verges on collapse amount to the wish fathering the thought.
Yes, the West has isolated Russia by, for example, shutting it out of the G-8 and boycotting the May celebration of the Soviet victory over Nazi Germany, and Putin probably misses being part of the big-power club's (largely useless) conclaves. And yes, they were miffed by the May boycott. But Washington's mantra that Russia stands isolated internationally amounts to wishful thinking. India and China have refused to follow the West's lead on Russia, and so have a host of other Asian, African, and Latin American countries.
Putin certainly faces serious problems. The Russian economy contracted by 1.9 percent in the first quarter of 2015. The ruble's descent—it nosedived at the end of last year—contributed to an inflation rate that reached 16. 9 percent in March. The Russian central bank spent billions of dollars shoring up the currency, but it could be called upon to spend even more. Russia's mega companies had gone on a borrowing binge when oil prices were sky-high and Russia's economy was growing at a fast clip, but the sanctions cut them off from Western capitals markets, and with bills coming due, they turned to the state. Rescuing them reduced the central bank's reserves further—from about $500 billion at the beginning of 2014 to $356 billion last month. Moscow could have managed this economic pain more easily had the sanctions not coincided with a collapse in oil prices, which went from $105 a barrel in early 2014 to $48 at the beginning of this year. This was a big blow because together oil and gas provide two-thirds of Russia's exports earnings and half of its budget revenues.
Despite these difficulties, Western economic pressure hasn't pushed Putin to yield an inch. Indeed, the assumption that they would was flawed from the get-go, based as it was on the notion that in international politics (or interpersonal relations for that matter) money trumps motives born of fear, anger, status anxiety, pride—that leaders are like green-eyeshades accountants and make high-stakes national security choices based chiefly by crunching numbers. History tells us otherwise.
Moreover, whether it's Russia's stock market, its agricultural and manufacturing output, the ruble's value, or oil prices, the trend lines now appear to favor Russia, even though plenty of problems lie ahead and the picture won't change as long as the Kremlin presides over a corruption-riddled petro state.
KANSAS CITY, Mo. — A mother is in custody after their dirty, barefoot children were found living in a wooden shipping crate in an underground cave in Kansas City, Missouri.
Brittany Mugrauer, 24, was charged Friday with two counts of felony child endangerment.
Jackson County detectives were serving a search warrant for an alleged stolen car operation in the caves on the city's east side on Thursday when they found the children in the 8-by-10-foot crate furnished with vehicle bench seats, two small blankets, trash and wires.
According to court records obtained by KMBC, the children, ages 4 and 6, were barefoot and filthy.
Investigators said the 4-year-old was eating a cup of dry ramen noodles that had dirt in it.
The children told deputies that they lived in the cave with mother and that “mema and papa live in a hotel,” according to court documents.
The children were taken to a hospital to be evaluated.
A spokesperson for the Jackson County prosecutor's office said Saturday they didn't know if the woman has an attorney.
“The game is about glory.” We all know this phrase well. From being a headline on adverts for our new kit to being plastered on the walls of White Hart Lane, nothing encompasses the spirit of Tottenham Hotspur – and indeed, football as a wider sport – more than this. “Glory” is, however, an elusive concept. There is only one real way to measure it, and that is in moments. It is the moments that you remember when you look back at seasons gone by through rose-tinted specs. Being only young, I have but a few true moments that Spurs have given me; the 2008 League Cup final, for example, or the glory of the Champions' League run. But I know that these mean as much to me as the Double-winning season, or the 1984 UEFA Cup, or Gazza or Hoddle, or anything else meant to those who witnessed them. And that is what being a Tottenham fan is truly about.
As I write this article, my Twitter timeline is being invaded by doom and gloom about the United result, but in the grand scheme of things, it doesn't really matter. This season we have had some celestial highs, and those are what will be remembered. We are going to remember that we got to the League Cup final, not that we only beat one Premier League side in getting there. We will remember smashing Arsenal at home in the league, not that Eriksen had a particularly quiet game then. Sure, top 4 is great and all, but only in relation to ourselves. It meant so much in 2010 because it had never happened before; that team had accomplished what none before them had been able to, and that's why it was special. Teams such as Arsenal and United see it as almost a chore, because they get in it almost every year. Because they take it for granted, it's always a case of “Oh well, there's always next year” when they bow out. In our case, however, it was a case of taking a step back and saying “Wow! In our first-ever season here, we dominated the holders, and got to the final eight!”, and that's how it should be.
“Glory” is, however, an elusive concept. There is only one real way to measure it, and that is in moments.
It was on a podcast (I forget which, forgive me) in which the tale was told of a Chelsea fan denouncing their recent League Cup win, saying something along the lines of “When you've won the Champion's League, this is nothing in comparison.” I don't know about you readers, but I would never want to live in a world in which that was my attitude to winning silverware. To not care about the fact that you have triumphed above all opposition. That is what continued, sustained success does to you. It dilutes the glory of any achievement, because it happens so often that you are numb to it. I suppose, then, that this isn't true success. The reason that, for example, Tottenham fans were so elated when we defeated Manchester United at Old Trafford in AVB's first season was because it hadn't happened for the past 26 years. It is the failures that amplify the success.
And that's what I'm trying to get at, really. This season will not be remembered for the home defeat to Stoke, or Adebayor's supposed juju curse. It will be remembered for our overwhelming triumphs over fierce rivals, and the eruption of young talent promoted from within our squad. Like every season before it, this season will be remembered for the moments. The glory.
Three more cases of blasphemy accusations have emerged in Pakistan, even after a Christian couple's beating to death and burning in a brick kiln after allegations of blasphemy horrified the world, including the metropolitan elite in the country.
The Christian couple were killed over suspicions of desecrating the Qur'an on November 4. The Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif expressed the resolve to bring the perpetrators “to justice” and appointed Senator Kamran Michael to be the focal person in the case.
Condemnation from top religious clerics gave some hope to human rights defenders for some positive change. The Pakistani police arrested dozens of suspects in connection with the lynching of the couple but all these measures have failed to curb the rising levels of discrimination against Christians.
London-based Minority Rights Group International in its new report published yesterday (Dec. 8th) Searching for Security: The Rising Marginalization of Religious Communities in Pakistan confirms this trend:
“The environment in which minorities find themselves is characterized by hate speech, frequent invocation of blasphemy laws and increasingly violent attacks on places of worship.”
It was in this hostile environment that only four days after the Christian couple was beaten and burned to death, 24 bonded-labourer Christian families, also working at a brick kiln, narrowly escaped a mob attack, only due to the intervention of a police contingent which happened to be passing through the village.
World Watch Monitor visited the brick kiln the next day and interviewed a number of people involved to piece together this account of events:
A copy of the Qur'an was recovered from a water channel in Pajian (Bus) Stop, Raiwind, on November 9. The Qur'an was handed to cleric Muhammad Hussein who runs a mosque in the nearby village. After this, an announcement was made from the mosque that desecration of the Qur'an had taken place.
In the absence of any obvious suspect, nearby Christians were rumoured by locals to be the ones who could have done this crime. As a mob began pouring in after the announcement, some extremist Muslims pressed these Christian bonded workers to declare on oath that they hadn't done this act “or else the Kasur episode could be repeated.”
The Christians immediately informed the brick kiln owner, Hajji Ikram, about this demand and the rising level of anger among the protestors. Hajji told World Watch Monitor they found it very impractical to bring all their Christian workers out and make them take an oath. “I discussed with my son Muhammad Tayyab -what if the enraged mob were still unsatisfied, and the Kasur incident be repeated at our kiln.”
“Fearing any untoward situation, I told the Christians to immediately inform the police about the threat that neighboring Muslims have posed to them.”
It did not take long for the police to arrive and take control of the mob. Some of the Christians in the village told World Watch Monitor that about nine vehicles loaded with more than 100 police officers immediately arrived to protect the Christians, and remained deployed there for a couple of days.
Talking to World Watch Monitor, Saddar Superintendent of Police Ejaz Shafi Dogar said that on that day most of the police had been deployed at the annual gathering of the Tablighi Jamaat (an Islamic religious movement that aims at spiritual revival), which is only a few kilometres away from the village. “The program had ended and we were near the village when the emergency call from the Christians was received,” said Dogar.
“The police immediately took charge of the situation and resolved the matter peacefully. This all became possible because of the ready availability of the police; otherwise, things could have got worse,” Dogar said.
“The method prescribed in Islam for discarding a worn out copy of the Qur'an is burying it but many illiterate Muslims, though wrongly, believe that the worn out Qur'an should be drowned in clean running water,” Dogar said.
It is in this context that, out of reverence, someone threw a copy of the Qur'an into the canal from which a water channel comes to this village and ends near the brick kiln where Christian families worked.”
“The condition of the Qur'an was so deteriorated that it was later easy to convince the area Muslims that it had drifted all the way from the canal into the channel.”
Dogar says that there is no more danger for the Christian families working on the kiln.
Streets of LahoreWorld Watch Monitor
Nine Christians accused in burning of Qur'an pages
About 300 kilometres north of Lahore, nine Christians living in the capital have been named in a police First Information Report (FIR) only because their names were found on a list attached to the partially burned pages of the Qur'an.
Naheed Ahmed, who runs a tea stall in Islamabad, lodged a formal complaint [no. 596/14] with the Industrial Area Police Station that on November 20 they found partially burned pages of the Qur'an when they were returning from the mosque after saying the early morning prayer.
“I found [partially] burned pages of the Qur'an at the gate of Radio Pakistan. When I looked around, I found similar pages on both sides of the road, in front of the HBL Bank. I picked up all these pages and preserved them with utmost respect. Along with each burned Qur'anic page, another page was attached which had a list of names.”
The Station House Officer (SHO) Fiaz Khan Shinwari told World Watch Monitor that no arrest had been made so far and an investigation is underway. “I am working hard to expose the actual perpetrators behind this crime. So no arrest will be made until we reach the actual criminals.”
One of the persons nominated in the FIR is Pastor Arif Masih who told World Watch Monitor that they had no link with the burning of the pages of the Qur'an. “I don't know who has done this heinous act, but I am sure that the perpetrator is very much against the Christian community.”
Human rights activist Basharat Khokhar told World Watch Monitor that the names of the nine people given in the list are of Christians living in a nearby slum area in Sector H-9. “The area police were assured that these Christians would not flee and if anyone is found guilty they would be handed in to the police.”
“After this assurance, the police are investigating without arresting these Christians.”
Sectarian clash gets a Christian man accused of blasphemy
About 200 kilometers from Islamabad, a 70-year-old Christian man was caught between two rival Sunni sects in Sargodha, when they painted a signboard fixed outside a mosque. Bashir Masih was hired to whitewash the walls of a mosque, including an iron signboard that had sacred Islamic words written on it.
Masih is the only breadwinner of the family and earns a wage of about 300 rupees (roughly $3) a day by whitewashing. On October 1, they were hired to whitewash the walls of Jamiya Mosque, Zill-e-Nabi and to paint the signboard fixed outside it. While Masih was doing their work, several people gathered and beat them for doing this. They handed them to the police claiming that they had committed blasphemy against Islam by applying paint on the board that had sacred words written on it. According to the FIR [no. 442/14] lodged by Muhammad Arshad, one of the caretakers of the mosque:
The mosque was constructed 18 years ago and is under the control of the Sunni Barelvi sect. Today … a man, whose name not yet known, holding a brush and paint, has removed the sacred words (by painting) from the iron signboard of the mosque.
Arshad further stated that the men who had sent Masih had instructed them to write the “names of the people belong to their sect”. Arshad submitted that when they inquired about the incident from the people who had hired Masih, “they confirmed this fact, and also threatened to kill each one of us (ie. a different Sunni sect) if we tried to stop them in future.”
The Minorities' Alliance of Pakistan Chairman Tahir Naveed Chaudhry told World Watch Monitor that Masih was rescued with the efforts of the local Christians. “The police and the complainant party were assured that Masih had no role in the sectarian clash, and that they would be available whenever the police needed them for investigation.”
“We are trying to resolve this case without any further litigation, so that Masih is saved from further social and economic fallout after being accused of blasphemy.”
According to the data quoted by the Human Rights Without Frontiers International, about 4000 blasphemy cases have been registered since these laws were enacted in the 1980s. Out of these, 49% are against Muslims, 26% against Ahmadis (an offshoot of Islam now constitutionally declared non-Muslim in Pakistan), 21 % against Christians and 4 % against others.
According to the Centre for Research and Security Studies, at least 54 people have been murdered in Pakistan in extrajudicial killings since 1990: 25 were Muslims, 17 were Christian, 5 were Ahmadis, 1 Hindu, 1 Buddhist and 5 without their faith identified.
Since they account for only 1.6 percent of the total population, the vulnerability of Christians is shown by their high representation in these quoted figures. The Minority Rights Group International report also notes:
“Since 2001, violence and discrimination against Christians has increased. Seen as connected to the ‘West' due to their faith, Christians have at times been scapegoated for the US-led invasion of Afghanistan, as well as the immense human suffering seen as a consequence of interventions in other countries with large Muslim populations”.
Reasons for Christians' high representation in the data also include poverty, lack of social or political strength, illiteracy, and the stereotypical perception among Muslims that Christians in general are against the country and their religion.
Goldman Sachs overnight reported that its fourth-quarter profit had tripled. Credit:Getty Images Extraordinary moment It is the crystallisation of an extraordinary moment in the halls of US finance. Goldman, like other marquee banking companies, is hunting for new business as its traditional ones falter. Regulations rolled out since the 2008 financial crisis have put a crimp in deal-making, Wall Street's traditional expertise. The high-powered bond trading desks that generated most of Goldman's pre-crisis profits now make only a fraction of what they did before. Over the past year, Goldman executives have been preparing to introduce 401(k) accounts (employer-sponsored retirement savings accounts), loans for people saddled with credit card debt and new investment funds that can be purchased by anyone with an E-Trade account. It will all be online only. In fact, Goldman thinks one of its advantages will be that it does not have the historical baggage - read, expense - of traditional branches and tellers. All of this has prompted some head-scratching in the industry, given that Goldman has so little experience in the hotly competitive field of retail banking. Not least among the challenges: getting Americans to warm to a bank that has been maligned as a symbol of Wall Street greed during the 2008 crisis.
'The Nike of finance' At least one new customer dismissed that worry. "Of course they get blamed for stuff," said Daniel Sigal, a 24-year-old college student in the Los Angeles area who calls themselves a Wall Street hopeful. But "Goldman Sachs is the Nike of finance," they said - a brand everyone knows. Its foray into banking is "very, very positive," they said. They also liked the 1.05 per cent interest rate on savings accounts that Goldman offered, which dwarfed the 0.01 per cent they were getting from Wells Fargo. The average is 0.54 per cent, according to Bankrate.com. Goldman will have to pull in many people like Sigal to make even a tiny difference in its annual revenue, which tends to be measured in the tens of billions of dollars. The senior Goldman executive overseeing all of this said that none of these businesses were lines that they could have imagined the firm getting involved in even five years ago. "We had an opportunity to take a clean sheet of paper and draw out what we might do," said that executive, Stephen Scherr, the chief of strategy for Goldman and the chief executive of its federally insured bank.
'Great potential' Before the crisis, Goldman did not even have a federally insured bank; it was forced to open one as a condition of receiving bailout funds during the financial crisis. Initially, the bank was viewed by executives as a drag. More recently, though, Goldman has come to view the bank as one of its brightest opportunities. "Over the years, it became clear that the bank had greater potential to help grow the firm," Scherr said. Behind the scenes, Goldman executives have been debating how far they want to expand their new retail offerings and if they eventually want to end up with something that would look more like a full-service online bank. The company is in the earliest stages, and it could back off if the initial experiments fail. So far, interest has been strong. Scherr said that the bank had opened tens of thousands of new accounts in its first few weeks, in addition to the 150,000 accounts it acquired from GE Capital. (Goldman bought the online banking arm of General Electric's financial services subsidiary this year, acquiring about $US16 billion in deposits as part of the deal.)
Surge of interest Although Goldman has a 50-person call centre in Iowa, it was unprepared for the surge of interest in its fledgling retail bank. Soon after the bank's debut, a columnist at The Wall Street Journal wrote about the many hiccups they encountered while trying to open an account, including error messages and confused call centre representatives. Goldman's' way forward is likely to be anything but easy, even with billions backing it. It faces lots of entrenched competitors and has almost no experience in the human elements of this kind of banking, such as customer service. Jay Sidhu, the founder of one of the many new competitors Goldman is facing, BankMobile, is sceptical of Goldman's prospects, given the importance of customer service in retail banking and Goldman's lack of experience in the area. They said it would have to offer something more than good prices to attract and keep customers. "I have a lot of respect for Goldman - but you cannot be great at everything," said Sidhu, who is also the chairperson and chief executive of BankMobile's parent company, Customers Bank. Goldman is betting that its investments in technology will help it take advantage of big changes in the financial industry over the last five years, during which banks have moved away from a business model based on relationships and branches and toward one that is more reliant on smartphones and software.
Technology disruption Scherr said that Goldman was looking broadly at businesses where it could use its technology to provide a cheaper banking product. They cited small-business lending as a particularly attractive area for potential expansion, calling it "ripe for technology disruption". The strategy of offering what are essentially discount financial products is a somewhat unexpected one for Goldman, given that it has long been known as the most upscale firm on Wall Street. This is somewhat like Maserati making a push into the motorised bicycle market. But the offerings, if successful, could provide a valuable public perception payoff for Goldman by softening the firm's image as a remote bastion of power and wealth. The first big test will come later this year when Goldman starts offering a lending product targeting people who need relatively small personal loans of around $US15,000 to $US25,000. Overseeing that effort is an executive hired from the credit card company Discover, Harit Talwar, who runs a team of about 50 people working on the so-called Mosaic project on the 26th floor of Goldman's headquarters in Manhattan. Many of the employees are coders working on sophisticated ways to gauge the credit quality of potential borrowers. Last fall, Goldman introduced its first low-cost exchange-traded funds, which are managed according to computer algorithms and can be purchased through any brokerage account. Then, a few months back, Goldman purchased a small startup, Honest Dollar, that offers inexpensive accounts for retirement savings, aimed at freelancers and other part-time workers in the so-called gig economy.
These products are not all being run out of the bank. But Scherr said that the new offerings were being built with a common technological infrastructure that will make it easier for them to interact and potentially integrate. Scherr is working closely with the head of technology at Goldman, Marty Chavez, who has been trying to open up the bank to new customers and business strategies. Sidhu, of BankMobile, said they were not expecting big things but was watching with curiosity. "If Goldman wants to be a retail bank for every six-pack Joe, I wish them a lot of luck, because they will need it." The New York Times
The 16 year old schoolgirl from Pakistan who was shot by the Taliban for campaigning for girls' education has been awarded the Tipperary International Peace Award.
Malala Yousafzai was recognised for their activism. At the awards ceremony in Ireland, they told the audience that they would like to be known for more than having been shot by the Taliban.
“I don't want to be the girl that was shot by the Taliban, I want to be the girl who fought for the rights of every child – whether girl or boy – their right of education and their right of equality,” Malala said.
They also appealed to governments around the world to change laws that discriminate against women and children.
From the age of 11 Malala had secretly written for the BBC. When their identity was revealed they were shot by the Taliban on their way to school.
I absolutely love bell jars! My favorite holiday decorations are small vintage bell jar ornaments with sweet little snow scenes in them! I have been wanting to make some of these tiny cloche ornaments for a long while now, but have had a really hard time finding the little glass belljars anywhere. Recently I was at the dollar store and saw some plastic wine glasses. They were the right shape, so I decided to give it a try, and they actually turned out to be a pretty fun substitute! These little ornaments are easy to make! I had so much fun making them, I went back and bought more wine glasses to make more!
Here's What You Need:
*Plastic Wine Glasses
*Dremmel or Utility Knife
*Chipboard (cereal boxes, etc.)
*Scrapbook Paper
*Rubber Cement
*Trinkets
*Glitter
*Large Beads
*Pipe Cleaners
*Twine
*Scissors
*Hot Glue
*Large Circle or Scalloped Circle Punch (optional)
Step 1: Cut Glasses- Gather up your plastic wine glasses. They come with bottoms, just throw those away, you don't need them. The stem of the glass is just a bit too long, so I cut mine down a little with a dremmel with a grinding attachment. You can cut the stems with a utility knife, but it is a lot easier to break them that way. If you have a dremmel, I would recommend using that.
Step 2: Make Bottoms- I used a paper punch to cut out my chipboard bottoms. I think it is around 3 or 3.5 inches wide with a scalloped edge. I also used the punch to cut out my scrapbook paper to cover the chipboard with. I cut out paper for the top and bottom. You can draw circles and cut them out instead of using a punch. I just think it makes it a whole lot easier if you have one. When you have all of your circles cut out, you are ready to glue. I used rubber cement to glue the paper to the chipboard. Let the glue dry.
Step 3: Make the inside- First, lay out your trinkets on your circles. Once you know where you want them, glue them down with some hot glue. Next, run a bead of hot glue around the bottom of your wine glass. Center the glass on the paper bottom and press down, glueing into place. With a funnel or rolled up paper pour some glitter into the top hole for snow.
Step 4: Make the tops- First you want to add the hanger part to your beads. If you want to use pipe cleaners, cut one in half. Then push it through they bead and twirl it around the bottom of the bead so it will stay in place. At the top of the bead make a nice sized loop with the other end of pipe cleaner and twist it together at the top of the bead. If you wish to use twine, first cut a long piece of twine. Fold the twine in half and push it through the bead. Double knot the twine loop at the top of the bead and then double knot the ends below the bottom of the bead and snip off any excess. Next, run a bead of hot glue around the top opening of the wine glass and glue the bead right side up to the top, sealing in your jar. Now you want to finish off the area where the bead and glass meet because it is not so pretty. I took small pieces of pipe cleaner and wrapped around the spot securing with glue in the back. And now they are ready to hang on your tree, yay!
Although they are not quite as awesome as their vintage counterparts, I really love how they turned out! I love how versatile you can be with them as well! You could fill them with anything you like, and top them with loops for hanging or no loops for grouping on a shelf or table. I hope you all go out and make a few of your own, they are so fun! Be sure to tune in tomorrow for more holiday projects!
Happy Crafting!
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Pinterest
Google
Tumblr
Pocket
Email
Print
Like this: Like Loading...
WASHINGTON/MOSCOW (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry will meet Russian President Vladimir Putin in Sochi, Russia, on Tuesday to discuss Ukraine and other issues, the United States said on Monday in a statement that made no mention of their deep disagreements.
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry (L) and Russia's Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov (R) wait for a meeting at the Beau Rivage Palace Hotel in Lausanne, Switzerland March 29, 2015. REUTERS/Brendan Smialowski/Pool
Relations between Russia and the West are at their lowest ebb since the end of the Cold War because of Moscow's March 2014 annexation of Crimea from Ukraine and its backing for pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine. The West has imposed economic sanctions on Russia, triggering retaliatory measures by Moscow.
The U.S. State Department announced the talks and indirectly alluded to the disagreements, saying the trip aimed “to maintain direct lines of communication with senior Russian officials and to ensure U.S. views are clearly conveyed.”
The two sides plan to discuss Syria, where they disagree on how to end the civil war engulfing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad, and Iran, where they are seeking an agreement to curb Tehran's nuclear program by June 30, the State Department said.
The Russian foreign ministry also announced Kerry's visit to the Black Sea resort but said nothing about their meeting Putin, saying they would see Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and blaming Washington for many global problems.
Russia denies Western and Ukrainian accusations that it is arming the pro-Russian separatists battling the government and supporting them with its own military forces. More than 6,100 people have been killed since April 2014 in the Ukraine crisis.
Washington has raised the possibility of providing arms to help Ukrainian government forces, but key European countries such as Germany remain opposed to this.
In a sign of Western displeasure over Ukraine, the leaders of the United States, Germany, and France skipped a military parade in Moscow on Saturday marking the 70th anniversary of victory over Nazi Germany.
“Russia-U.S. relations are undergoing difficult times caused by Washington's purposeful unfriendly actions,” the Russian foreign ministry said.
“Groundlessly making Russia responsible for the Ukraine crisis which was largely triggered by the United States itself, in 2014...Barack Obama's administration chose a path to cut back bilateral ties, proclaimed policy toward ‘isolating' our country at the international scene and demanded support to its confrontational steps from countries who traditionally follow Washington's track,” the Russian foreign ministry added.
Some 1.2 billion barrels of oil have been discovered in Alaska, marking the biggest onshore discovery in the U.S. in three decades.
The massive find of conventional oil on state land could bring relief to budget pains in Alaska brought on by slumping production in the state and the crash in oil prices.
The new discovery was made in just the past few days in Alaska's North Slope, which was previously viewed as an aging oil basin.
Spanish oil giant Repsol (REPYY) and its privately-held U.S. partner Armstrong Energy announced the find on Thursday, predicting production could begin as soon as 2021 and lead to as much as 120,000 barrels of output per day.
The oil resources lie in a well, called Horseshoe, that's 75% owned by Denver-based Armstrong. Repsol owns the rest of this well.
The discovery is 20 miles south of where the two companies have already found oil in a project known as Pikka. That northern project is already in early development and is 51% owned by Armstrong, which is the operator on both developments.
"The interesting thing about this discovery is the North Slope was previously thought to be on its last legs. But this is a significant emerging find," Repsol spokesperson Kristian Rix told CNNMoney.
Of course, this news won't ease rising concern among investors about the stubborn glut of oil in the U.S. There are increasing signs that shale oil producers are preparing to ramp up output after surviving a two-year price war with OPEC.
Related: Booming again: U.S. poised for record oil output
Repsol has been actively exploring in Alaska since 2008 and has an additional presence in the Gulf of Mexico. Shares of the oil and gas company jumped nearly 3% in Madrid trading on Friday.
The North Slope find comes less than six months after Caelus Energy and private-equity giant Apollo Global Management announced a massive Alaska oil discovery in the waters of Smith Bay.
All of this is a big win for Alaska, which last year had to freeze hiring and limit state employee travel due to trouble in the oil industry. Alaska, which relies on oil and gas taxes for the vast majority of its state revenue, has been hit by the one-two punch of shrinking production from its mature fields and the fact that oil prices have been cut in half in recent years.
Things have gotten so bad that the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System is barely being used these days.
"This is also great news for the State of Alaska," Alaska Governor Bill Walker said in a statement. "We must all pull together to fill an oil pipeline that's three-quarters empty."
Since March of this year, EFF has reported extensively on the ongoing campaign to use social engineering to install surveillance software that spies on Syrian activists. Syrian opposition activists have been targeted using several Trojans, including one disguised as a Skype encryption tool and others disguised as revolutionary documents.
As we've tracked these ongoing campaigns, patterns have emerged that link certain attacks to one another, indicating that the same actors, or groups of actors are responsible. More than a dozen of these attacks have installed versions of the same remote access tool, DarkComet RAT, and reported back to the same IP address in Syrian address space. DarkComet RAT's increasingly close association with pro-Syrian-government malware, combined with the Human Rights Watch report on the Assad regime's network of torture centers, may have motivated the project's sole developer to shut it down, declaring their intention to work on an alternative tool that more closely resembles VNC and requires administrative access to install.
Pro-Syrian government hackers appear to have moved on to another remote access tool: Blackshades Remote Controller, whose capabilities include keystroke logging and remote screenshots. EFF reported on the use of this tool in malware targeting officers of the Free Syrian Army on June 19th. Similar command and control domains suggest that this campaign is being carried by the same actors responsible for the fake YouTube attack we reported in March, which lured Syrian activists in by advertising pro-opposition videos, stole their YouTube login credentials by asking them to log in before leaving a comment, and installed surveillance malware disguised as an Adobe Flash Player update.
A new campaign, using Blackshades Remote Controller, has been discovered via a message sent from a compromised Skype account to an individual working with the Syrian opposition, seen in the screenshot below. Roughly translated, the message reads: "There is a person who hates you, and keeps talking about you. I took a screenshot of the conversation. Please beware of this person, as they know you personally. This is a screenshot of the conversation."
Clicking on this link--(http://14wre.co.za/new.zip - now dead because the malicious software has been removed)--provided new.zip, which unzipped to new.pif.
430f220ee9b3083b43347918dbda3051145734e243e92b966a99990376c21eb8 new.pif
This malware attempts to connect to the command and control server at: alosh66.servecounterstrike.com. While the DNS provider for this domain has been notified and the domain has been disabled, the last IP address that this domain resolved to was 31.9.48.11. The subdomain "alosh66" appeared in the command and control domains of the two other campaigns EFF has described above.
This sample drops the following files:
C:\Documents and Settings\Administrator\Templates\THEMECPL.exe, a copy of the malware itself copied to the templates folder, shown in the screenshot below.
C:\Documents and Settings\Administrator\Local Settings\Temp\sppnp.exe, BlackShades RAT, shown in the screenshot below. This is very similar to the previous installation detailed by Citizen Lab.
And C:\Documents and Settings\Administrator\Application Data\demo.exe, a version of AppLaunch.exe, the Microsoft ClickOnce Launcher, shown in the screenshot below, along with the keylogger file, C:\Documents and Settings\Administrator\Application Data\data.dat.
If you see these files on your computer, you have been infected with BlackShades. If your computer is infected, deleting the above files or using anti-virus software to remove the Trojan does not guarantee that your computer will be safe or secure. This malware gives an attacker the ability to execute arbitrary code on the infected computer. There is no guarantee that the attacker has not installed additional malicious software while in control of the machine.
Some anti-virus vendors recognize this malware as BlackShades Remote Controller. You may try updating your anti-virus software, running it, and using it to remove the Trojan if it comes up, but the safest course of action is to re-install the OS on your computer and change the passwords to any accounts you have logged into since the time of infection.
EFF urges Syrian activists to be especially cautious when downloading files over the Internet, even in links that are purportedly sent by friends. While Syrians have become increasingly sophisticated in their privacy and security practices, pro-Syrian-government actors have also increased the frequency and sophistication of their campaigns. In light of disturbing reports documenting the use of torture by Syrian security forces in detention facilities across the country, the need for caution is greater than ever.
The Gun Fight Friday from two weeks ago pitted the Remington 870 against the Mossberg 500 in a battle of budget pump guns. A few of you wrote in and asked “What about the Benelli Nova and/or the Winchester SXP pump?” So, I thought we should reopen the debate to include those guns as well. The four of them are probably the most popular budget pumps. I have owned all four guns at one time or another. All are highly affordable, but when you're paying the lowest possible price for a gun, you have to expect some downside. Here are my thoughts: Remington 870 Express
The 870 used to be my default, knee-jerk recommendation for a first gun. It still is if we're talking about the Wingmaster, but with a list price of $830, the Wingmaster isn't a budget gun anymore. Most people, when they talk about 870s, mean the lower-priced 870 Express. In recent years Expresses haven't worked as well as they used to, due to cost cutting measures and rough, poorly finished chambers. Pros: The design is time-tested. The stock fits almost everyone. There is a world of aftermarket accessories for 870s. You can make one into anything you want to. Cons: Fired shells stick in chambers of some Express models among other glitches (a good chamber polishing is said to often solve the problem). The plain metal Expresses start rusting at the slightest hint of dampness. Benelli Nova
I owned a Nova for a few years as my duck and sometime turkey gun. I liked it a lot and shot it well. I abused it pretty badly duck hunting, dropping it on rocks and throwing it into the mud, and it never complained. I traded it for something else – I don't even remember what – and wish I had it back sometimes. Pros: Slick rotary bolt action. It's heavy at about 8 pounds, which is a good thing in a waterfowl gun, especially a 3 ½-inch waterfowl gun. The magazine cut-off button in the slide is nice. I like the long forearm that accommodates a “choked up” front hand grip. Cons: You have to learn to love its looks. The safety button is annoyingly tiny. It's also located in front of the trigger guard. I like that, but some with small hands/short fingers may not. Trigger pulls are very heavy. The forearms on some Novas rattle. Mossberg 500
I haven't shot Mossberg 500s as much as I have 870s and Novas, although I have duck hunted with them some and did kill turkeys for years with its big brother, the 835. Nevertheless, despite the bad-mouthing I hear about 500s, I have never had one fail, nor have I seen one fail in someone else's hands. Pros: It is light (if you want light). Model 500s are very slick out of the box. The gun has a top safety that left-handers and break action shooters like. There are a million variations available. The Lightning trigger that comes on some models is a nice feature for deer and turkey guns. Cons: The integral magazine cap affixed to barrel ring may be impossible to lose, but it can be a pain to turn. The barrel ports aren't necessary and may irritate those next to you in the blind. Some features, like all the recoil pads and the sights on some turkey guns, are depressingly cheap and the whole gun feels, well, inexpensive. Winchester SXP
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A transgender man has revealed they are four months pregnant.
Kaci Sullivan, 29, was born with a female body but began to transition and present as a man four years ago.
They took a break from male hormones in May 2016 for health reasons after undergoing a double mastectomy and fell pregnant six months later with 27-year-old boyfriend Steven.
Kaci already has a five-year-old son, Grayson, from a previous relationship, but the 29-year-old, from Wisconsin, in the US, said this time the experience feels much more natural.
Now they are vlogging about their pregnancy to help others in the same boat after realising the sheer lack of information on the topic.
"When I became pregnant with my first child, I was still in denial about being transgender," Kaci said.
"I hoped my pregnancy would help me connect with womanhood and femininity and somehow the terrible discomfort I had felt with my body all my life would be alleviated - but that didn't happen.
"Instead, it was a very dark time for me and felt like an affirmation of everything I wasn't and could never be. Giving birth to Grayson forced me to face up to my true feelings about my gender.
"Now, my body is much aligned with how I view myself and my pregnancy is so much better. I love seeing my baby grow inside of me."
(Image: News Dog Media)
Kaci, who runs 'The TransLiberation Arts Coalition' which aims to generate visibility for the transgender community through activism in art, continued: "Of course like any expectant parent, I get anxious about my body getting bigger and the delivery itself.
"But even when I'm uncomfortable, I'm still more than anything else grateful for being able to carry my child and can't wait to meet them."
"When I first conceived in December, I went online to try to find other trans people who had given birth to babies but I was shocked to only find a handful of articles.
"I knew there would be people who would want more advice and information about this - so I felt a sense of responsibility to vlog about my pregnancy.
"I upload a new video every week and since I've started, I've received hundreds of questions and grateful messages from other people - which I'm thankful for."
(Image: News Dog Media)
Kaci felt unhappy with their gender for as long as they can remember - but only learned about the transgender community when they were 18.
They say: "I didn't have a language for 'transgender' and what that meant until I was in high school.
"I had anxieties about my gender all my life but as soon I learnt about the term as a late teen, I found myself intrigued and drawn to it.
"I mulled over it for several years and by the time I was 21, I knew I was trans. But I didn't want to deal with it or accept it.
"I was crushed by the overwhelming terror of coming out. I was scared to talk to my family about it, to deal with in the workplace and face the medical transition itself.
"So I buried my feelings right inside of me and didn't talk to anyone about it."
(Image: News Dog Media)
Aged 19, Kaci met their ex-husband and fell pregnant in July 2011. After giving birth to Grayson, Kaci realised the only way they could be a good parent to their son was to stop repressing their feelings.
Soon after, Kaci came out as transgender and broke up with their husband, who they still maintain an amicable co-parenting relationship with.
And in May 2013, Kaci began taking male hormones and underwent a double mastectomy.
They explain: "My first pregnancy was completely soul-crushing and I felt like I was in a hopeless and desolate place.
"After Grayson was born, I realised I was the most depressed I had ever been and I didn't know if I would ever be able to shut up the incessant questions that had dogged through me my entire life.
"I looked at my baby and realised I owed it to my child to be a capable and happy parent for him.
"I wanted to minimise any potential emotional impact on my son so I decided to transition as soon as possible and began taking testosterone."
(Image: News Dog Media)
Kaci has been with current boyfriend Steven who works in production since May 2014. Following a pregnancy scare after quitting male hormones, the couple realised they wanted to add to their family and began trying.
"I stopped taking testosterone for a combination of health reasons and a desire to preserve my fertility as I wanted a sibling for Grayson one day.
"Steven and I had no plans to conceive immediately but after a brief pregnancy scare, we realised we wanted a child and began trying.
"We were successful in February and we're so excited to meet our child.
"I want to try to fight erasure - transgender, nonconforming pregnancies aren't rare. When you look online, there are tons of literature about 'ordinary' heterosexual pregnancies.
"I combat erasure by creating content, platforms and safe spaces where transgender and gender nonconforming people can take back their power, tell their stories and be connected with their queer culture and community."
Getty Images
Giants General Manager Jerry Reese said recently that quarterback Eli Manning was “out for spring ball,” which appears to have been either a misunderstanding or an overly pessimistic view of Manning's condition after ankle surgery.
Manning said Monday that they took about half the snaps during Monday's workout at the team's facility and that they would be doing everything when the team starts OTAs in a couple of weeks if it was totally up to him. Manning said they feel 100 percent, “but the trainers tell me I'm not.”
“I already feel like I can go out there and do everything,” Manning said, via Ralph Vacchiano of the New York Daily News. “We'll still be smart about it these next few weeks and not overdo anything. If they want to limit me somewhat, I'll understand that. But I want to take every single rep and they know that.”
Cautious or not, the Giants released Rusty Smith on Monday in a move that signals an increased comfort level with Manning's participation in practices now and in the near future.
We might not quite be in a golden age for political rap (for every Kendrick Lamar, there are 10 Migos), but in a year's news cycle dominated by anti-police brutality protests across A$AP Rocky's home country, you might expect their mind to turn toward the streets at some point when they write. On new album, A.L.L.A., Rocky made small forays into political and social commentary ("Gentrification split the nation that I once was raised in/I don't recall any friendly neighbors face on my upraising"), and when asked whether they felt a duty to rap politically, they told the students:
"Not everybody should be like Kendrick or talk about political things just to stand out. Also, not everybody should be like A$AP Mob and talk about drugs and girls and clothes. We don't all have to talk about the same topics."
Rocky was pushed a second time on their opinion of the anti-police brutality protests, but said, "I have been recording an album in London for a year, so I really wasn't there [protesting] so I can't speak about it." But their further criticism is unlikely to win many activist friends:
European Store
Hoodie and Mousemat
T-Shirts
TL Branded Stuff!
Lapel Pin €3.27 EUR
Buy Now Keycaps €2.67 EUR
Buy Now
Posters
TSL4 Poster €5.95 EUR
Buy Now Liquid Rising Poster FREE EUR Free with any contribution to Liquid Rising
Redeem Now
All items included to the order after the most expensive item get charged 50% of their full shipping rate.
European Union Shipping Shirts and Posters €6 + 50% for the next item added Mousepads €9 + 50% for the next item added Hoodies €12 + 50% for the next item added
United Kingdom Shipping Shirts and Posters €5 + 50% for the next item added Mousepads €7 + 50% for the next item added Hoodies €7 + 50% for the next item added
The fateful day is here - the EU Store is finally online. For those of you who held on to your discounts from TSL4 and Liquid Rising, now's the time to cash them in. If you missed it, check out our announcement post for some more detailed information on shipping and pricing. Now, it's time to buy some stuff!One of the unique challenges with the EU Store was the fact that we had never originally planned to produce products in Europe. Thus, we had to find suppliers and manufacturers who would allow us to make products that were as close to identical as possible to our NA products. We looked at the American Apparel version available in Europe, but it was far too expensive after customization. The solution was to order a bespoke (custom tailored) hoodie, which used the same materials of our original and had the exact same model and cut. While the TL logo on the breast is larger than the US hoodie, it is otherwise completely identical to our US productOpening our European store was a valuable experience in learning how to manufacture products from two locations. Going forward, we will be able to prepare for both NA and EU production from the earliest stages of production, and thanks to our great partners, manufacture products that are identical in both regions.Launching the store is just half of the job. The challenge of maintaining and improving the EU Store lays ahead of us. Europe offers plenty of opportunities and we will do our best to improve your experience and make our products available in more countries. We can finally say it business is open in Europe.
Last week, I came across a bit of news that was truly depressing.
No, it was not about India's show in the Olympics. Neither was it about Aishwarya Rai's weight. It was something more depressing.
Uday Chopra is apparently dating Nargis Fakri these days.
Those who have watched Rockstar would know who Nargis Fakhri is. Fans of their smoldering hot looks called them ‘Duck Face' and those who weren't impressed by their acting called them something that rhymes closely.
But no matter what your opinion, you cannot deny that Nargis Fakhri is undeniably hot.
Which now brings us to the topic of Uday Chopra.
It must be a great pressure to be Uday Chopra. Like Sachin Tendulkar's son having the cricketing skills of Dodda Ganesh. Son of one of the biggest directors in the industry, family that owns one of the largest ‘camps' and produces a slew of films every year, younger brother to Aditya Chopra, director of one of the biggest hits in the history of Hindi cinema. It must be tough.
It hasn't been for want of trying, though.
Exactly, a decade back, Uday Chorpa stormed into our lives and on to our nerves, and quickly got under our skins. If failure is the pillar to success, Uday Chopra was on the way to building a magnificient Hampi Temple with their body of work.
Here is a walk-through of their work.
Ladies and Gentlemen, kindly leave your footwear outside and step in.
Thank you.
Mohabbatein: Directed by Aditya Chopra after the humungous success of DDLJ, Mohabbatein was set to be the next blockbuster of the decade. Boasting of a cast that included Amitabh Bachan, Shah Rukh Khan, and Aishwarya Rai, the film also had six youngsters who find love and happiness thanks to the almighty powers of their music teacher Shah Rukh Khan. Even though they don't hold the violin correctly, they teach the students enough to learn that music is about falling in love, and falling in love is what life is all about.
Mohabbatein was also the debut of a young Uday Chopra. Even though many people saw them on the poster and went “Mohabbat! Aein??”, it was to be the launch vehicle for the son of the Chopra clan.
But it didn't take long to notice that acting was neither in their jeans, nor the T-shirt they took off at regular intervals.
The film didn't perform as well as expected, but Uday was hopeful of a better showing with the next film.
Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai: Their next release was a love triangle that went under the title ‘Mere Yaar Ki Shaadi Hai'. Inspired from the hit ‘My Best Friend's Wedding' – the filmmakers didn't even bother to change the title.
Starring Uday Chopra, Jimmy Shergill and Tulip Joshi, the film had Uday playing the hero's best friend, who until they sit on the shaadi ka mandap, doesn't realise that their heart truly beats for their best friend and not their lover. The film sank. Tulip withered, Jimmy vanished so much into the oblivion that people still play the song “Jimmy, Jimmy. Aaja Aaja” in front of their house in the morning to taunt him. But Uday Chopra soldiered on.
Charas: Their next film was ‘Charas: A Joint Effort'. Not many understood the word play in the titling there, but almost everyone understood that the film had nothing much to offer. It was the time when romantic comedies were seeing a decline in success rates, and the film, dealing with subjects like drug cartels in Manali, failed because of some lame acting by its cast. The chief villain, Irrfan Khan, however would go on to become an actor of repute in the years to come.
But Uday Chopra would strive on, carving yet another spectacular pillar on the way to their Temple.
Mujhse Dosti Karoge?: Fresh after the intergalactic success of Koi Mil Gaya, Hrithik Roshan and Kareena Kapoor got together again, even though the harrowing yaadein of their earlier film had barely been erased from our minds. Hrithik Roshan and Kareena Kapoor got together with Rani Mukherjee to star in a film about love and friendship. Uday Chopra got in through Management Quota, filling the space of the good guy who sacrifices their love so that the film can get over and people can go home.
Uday Chopra is paired with Rani Mukherjee, but alas! the fates work against him. Rumours of Aditya Chopra's affair with Rani have begun to float, leaving brother Uday with nothing but a large heart to show. And they showed more than just a large heart in their next film.
Dhoom:
Touted to be the relaunch of the Chopra son, the Indian version of Fast and Furious turned out to be Miscast and Dubious, with Chopra playing a racer who helps a cop who never catches the culprits.
Some of the lameness of the film was shared by Abhishek Bachhan and John Abraham, and the slow-motion shots and loud background score. The highlight of the film was Uday Chopra's pairing with Esha Deol, who looked so feminine that the two of them reminded viewers of Jai and Veeru.
The film, however, was a huge hit, and Chopra's career got a shot in the arm.
Dhoom 2: The second installment had Uday Chopra playing the same guy, with Bipasha Basu as their partner. In a masterstroke of scripting, Abhishek Bachhan and Uday Chopra travel to Brazil to catch the most dreaded thief in the world. But upon seeing their love, Bachhan decides to forgive him. Just Like That. They come back home empty-handed, in the process waving a huge middle finger to things like laws, work ethics, and accountability to senior officials. The film didn't do much for Uday Chopra's standing in the industry, though.
Uday Chopra had the customary song in the film, and nothing much apart from the usual goofing around. This film, again, was a huge hit, but saying that it was because of Chopra is like giving Sharad Pawar the credit for India's World Cup victory.
Pyar Impossible: Paired with Priyanka Chopra, the only good thing about the film was the realistic title it had. The story of a geek who falls in love with the class chick and is heartbroken, only to come back into their life seven years later after inventing the world's greatest Operating System which gets stolen when their enemy copies it from their Pen Drive (I'm serious).
When I first saw the trailer of Pyar Impossible, I chuckled at the sheer arrogance with which the producers went ahead to make a film from a story that was written by Uday Chopra. Before the release of the film, Karan Johar, India's BIS Halmark on everything to do with Family and Morals, had this to say about the film,
“It has a subliminal message which is delivered without preaching to a world where people are very physically oriented.”
A team of experts translated the statement into layperson terms, and it read something like this:
“I watched the film. It sucks donkey balls. Now someone please pass the Cocaine!”.
Uday Chopra's wet dream of being a star pretty much dried up after Pyar Impossible flopped. They were no where to be seen or heard, except when people would crack a few jokes.
Teacher: “Give me an example of an Oxymoron.”
Student: “Uday Chopra…LOL”
You almost felt bad for the guy. They tried their best, trying to be a romantic hero, action hero, and comic hero. And each time, ending up as a tragic hero. In spite of all their attempts, the fact that they had all the charm of a water buffalo, worked against him.
The last I heard of them was in a news article, where they told the reporter that they were having a great time at Las Vegas. In fact, just the previous night, they had been kicked out of a bar for taking off their shirt. In response, Uday said, “I was just trying to impress a chick.” (Link).
They also announced that Dhoom 3 was to be their swan song, they would retire from acting after its release. May be concentrate on film making and return to haunt the industry after a break of a few years.
********************
Everything was fine till this story surfaced in a column in the newspaper. That Uday Chopra was dating Nargis Fakhri.
I mean, that's simply not done, man.
Dear Uday Chopra, we as a nation have been kind and tolerant with you.
We have paid money and willingly subjected ourselves to you. We don't mind if you continue to make films. Reboot it as Mere yaar ki teesri shaadi hai. Release Dhoom – 27. Write and act in Pyar Impossible – 4, like the other franchise with the similar name. We wouldn't mind in the least.
But, you dating Nargis Fakhri is simply unfair. It's a cruel reminder to us, of how ordinary our lives are, and how unfair the world is.
After all those films, is this how we are repaid?
Advertisements
The straight-forward answer is: they will, under the right circumstances.
But let's not get ahead of ourselves. Let's talk about you, the developer, first.
Imagine you're walking down the street, you've just received your paycheck of the week, and you're going down to the bank to pay a couple of bills.
Just as you're rounding the corner, someone you've never seen before stops you and says:
“Hey, so, I'm planning to start this detox juice store- this place just became available for renting and it's a steal. I love juice and fruits, and me and my friends subscribe to Diet Now magazine so we know a lot about nutrition. Also, when we had a lemonade stand back in elementary school, we sold like 300 lemonades in a week. So, here's the plan: you give me your paycheck and your next four paychecks, and then when our store becomes super famous, you'll be rich.”
Now, I'm going to take a wild guess here and imagine your answer would be ‘no'.
First of all, who the hell is this kid?
Second, what do you care about Detox Juice?
Third, if you were going to spend your precious paycheck on anything other than your bills, it'd be to help your wife start that lovely coffee shop she's wanted to open for years.
And fourth, why don't they get a loan at the bank???
You see where I'm going with this?
But you don't understand! My game is really good and-
You know what extremely successful games and extremely unsuccessful games all have in common? The person creating them thought it would be the next League of Legends. Or, you know, that it'd at least pay for itself.
Sad truth is: most games will never even see the light of day, let alone become a success even when they are good!
So you're saying I shouldn't approach an artist with a rev-share idea?
No.
What I'm saying is, if you are going to approach an artist with a rev share idea, you need to be aware of what you're actually asking them.
While you think you're asking “Hey, want to work on a really awesome game and then get a lot of money???”
What you're really asking is “Hi, can I borrow $5000 dollars?”
Let's go back to our Detox Juice scenario, but now we're going to look at it from an artist's perspective.
1) Who the hell is this kid this developer?
Why would a professional artist ever work on an extremely risky project with a person they have never met?
Why would an artist give their time to someone who just proved, by approaching them with such an offer in the first place, that they are actually quite naïve and are just starting out in the industry?
Seasoned developers know what they're doing: they know how much art cost, they know how contracts work, and they know there is no such thing as a guaranteed hit.
2) What do you care about Detox Juice someone else's personal project? If you were going to spend your precious paycheck time on anything other than your regular paid work, it'd be to help your wife start that lovely coffee shop she's work on that graphic novel you've wanted to create for years.
I'll take a shot in the dark here: 99,99% of artists are creative people. Creative people create stuff.
Most artists have their own comic, novel, game, art book, film, even music that they would kill to have time to work on.
No matter how strange it sounds: a lot of artists cannot afford to buy their own time.
So why, why in the name of all things holy would they take that precious, almost non-existent free time to work on someone else's idea? (spoiler: they would not)
3) Why don't they get a loan at the bank???
Now, if you've made it this far into the article, good for you! Because here's where the tough love stops, and the helpful advice begins. (ok, there's still a bit of tough love coming, but bear with me).
This is the single most important point in this whole text: Why should an artist, who has never met you, who does not have any personal investment in your project, be the one to get a loan to make your game happen?
If anyone should be taking any financial risk here, that person is you.
If you're so sure your game is going to make the cut, that your film will be the next Avatar, that your comic will make Marvel and DC want to cry, then put your money where your mouth is.
And here's how to make that happen even if you're a teenager living in your mother's basement:
-Get crowdfunded:
These days, you don't even need to reach into your actual pocket! You can pitch your project to your audience, show them how awesome your IP is and get them to fund the entire production process.
This is also an awesome tool to simulate the success your future project will have: are people actually interested in it? Are people willing to pay for it? Is this product unique enough to stand out? Are you actually organized enough to do this? Do you have a realistic plan? Do you know the logistics behind what you're attempting to do?
-Get a personal loan:
You know the different between an artist and a Bank? Banks are there to lend you money.
-Get a really, really personal loan:
Can't get a bank to help you? Aren't old enough for that? Pitch your idea to your family, to your friends, to people who love you and care about you and your projects. They're a thousand times more likely to reach into their pockets than a stranger on the internet is.
-Work and save up:
Is this really important to you? Then make a realistic plan out of it and commit to creating a fund for your project.
But I just wanted a team/I'm a student/I'm just starting out/I'm doing this on my free time:
Here's the good news: so are a lot of other people.
There are 4398753452948796709347 forums on this internet dedicated exclusively to indie development. Go out there and find your indie team, be awesome, take over the world, etc etc.
TL;DR:
Do:
-Find other hobbyists/students who want to be in a team for free
-Be honest and upfront about your rev-share intentions
-Tag your post according to whatever forum/board rules you're posting on
-Join indie forums and appropriate communities
-If you still decide to approach a strange artist on the net: do it with the same attitude and grace you would use when asking a stranger to lend you money. Because that is what you are doing.
Do not:
-Offer “exposure”. This means the same thing as “monopoly money”
-Ignore forum rules and post in the wrong places. By most job forums rules, rev-share/royalty posts are not considered job offers. Respect that.
-Approach artists that have clearly stated they do not work with rev-share/royalties
-Withhold information and/or try to pass off your rev-share/royalty project as anything other than what it is.
-Prey on the naïve. That's just sad, bro.
That said, good luck and don't give up ;)
Cornerback Darrelle Revis will enter free agency after the Patriots did not pick up their option. (Photo11: Brace Hemmelgarn, USA TODAY Sports)
This is what free agency is all about: getting to the market.
Welcome back, Darrelle Revis.
In a not-so-stunning development, the New England Patriots decided not to exercise the inflated option year that could have purchased the services of the all-pro cornerback for another year at $20 million.
A year ago, when Revis signed with the Patriots, the full expectation was to get back to the market as a free agent, a person with knowledge of Revis' thinking at the time told USA TODAY Sports.
And no NFL player probably knows leverage and market value better than Revis.
Some quick facts: Over the last three seasons, Revis has performed for three teams and collected more than $35 million. Before that? They cashed in with an $18 million option bonus from the New York Jets, part of a $26 million haul in 2011.
In other words, this dude means business.
Although New England can, technically, keep Revis off the market by striking a deal before the league's new year begins at 4 p.m. ET Tuesday, the chances are greater that Joe Montana will come out of retirement.
Revis understands the market, and that's not an accident. Their uncle and mentor, Sean Gilbert — a former all-pro defensive tackle who once forced a trade after holding out for an entire year in a contract dispute and incidentally is running to become the next NFL players union chief — has a profound influence.
Just look at Revis' track record. He's not afraid to bet on himself. After they signed a $96 million contract with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2013 that was essentially a series of six one-year deals that allowed the team to pull out after any season without a major financial hit, they just shrugged and smiled when I asked at the time why they didn't seekto structure the contract with more security.
I get it. They believed in the power of the marketplace — even as they came off a torn knee ligament.
That's why whatever effort the Patriots made to sign Revis to a long-term deal before now was going to be such a hard sell. Revis played for $12 million in 2014, which was actually a pay cut from the $16 million they earned from the Bucs in 2013.
The floor for the next deal is $14 million, given Arizona Cardinals standout Patrick Peterson averages $14.01 million and Seattle Seahawks star Richard Sherman averages $14 million as the two highest-paid cornerbacks on existing deals.
To better set their price for a long-term deal from the Patriots — or for any other interested team — Revis, who turns 30 in July, owes it to themselves to explore the market.
With Ndamukong Suh set to officially land with the Miami Dolphins, Revis will hit the market as the most attractive free agent on the market — just in time to cash in when the NFL's salary cap has reached an all-time high of $143.28 million a team.
Ask the Patriots. They can surely vouch for Revis' value.
They were the most dominant missing link to complement Tom Brady and Rob Gronkowski on the road to a Super Bowl crown.
​
After getting dusted in Denver in the AFC title game the season before last, Bill Belichick overhauled their secondary with Revis and opposite cornerback Brandon Browner. It was a huge key in the November showdown that put New England on course to earn the No. 1 seed…and you know what happened from there.
Monday, New England kept premier safety Devin McCourty in the fold with a five-year deal reportedly worth $47.5 million. On the other hand, they reportedly will let Browner explore the market while trying to rework their contract.
Now comes the really hard part of crafting a deal that makes sense for the team — and lures Revis back at a price they can live with.
The competition could come, at minimum, from familiar places. The Jets are said to covet Revis, who could do wonders for the defense new coach Todd Bowles is installing. And it will be interesting to see whether the Buffalo Bills will make a run at reuniting Revis with their former coach, Rex Ryan.
Still, the Patriots have something to offer besides money that could weigh into the equation.
The chance to win big again.
As much as Revis can shape the personality of any given secondary, teaming with Belichick again would probably ensure a shot at winning another Super Bowl crown.
Then again, Revis might never be as hot as they are now with a chance to land the next, and perhaps, last mega-deal of their career.
One thing for sure. Through it all, they will bet on himself.
***
Follow Jarrett Bell on Twitter @Jarrett Bell
UPDATE: 6 a.m.
Police say a Mountie was shot and injured while trying to stop a vehicle near Golden, Tuesday.
RCMP spokesperson Staff Sgt. Rob Vermeulen says in a statement that the officer was injured during a "rapidly evolving series of events."
Vermeulen says multiple officers were trying to stop a vehicle believed to be associated with a theft when shots were fired. They say another vehicle was allegedly stolen at gunpoint shortly after.
A spokesperson for the Provincial Health Services Authority says one patient was airlifted to an undisclosed hospital in serious but stable condition.
"The police officer has been taken to hospital. The officer and family are being offered all possible support," Vermeulen says.
No one is in custody and a search for a suspect continues.
UPDATE: 5:45 a.m.
DriveBC reports the Trans-Canada Highway reopened to alternating traffic just after 4:30 a.m. and was fully reopened at 4:50 a.m.
UPDATE: 11:10 P.M.
DriveBC continues to report that Highway 1 is closed in both directions.
The closure follows a shooting, in which an RCMP officer was wounded near Golden Tuesday afternoon.
That closure remains in effect for a 122-kilometre stretch between Revelstoke and Donald Station, according to at 11 p.m. update.
Another 10:30 p.m. update says the highway is closed in both directions from Sicamous to Revelstoke, also due to a police situation.
A vehicle was allegedly stolen at gunpoint during the incident.
No new information on the police incident has not yet been released.
For more updates on the situation overnight, visit DriveBC's website.
UPDATE 8:09 P.M.
Highway 1 has been opened to traffic following a shooting in which a member of the RCMP was wounded.
However, witnesses tell Castanet heavily armed officers are still searching vehicles at a check point.
The drama started near Golden Tuesday afternoon.
An officer suffered the gunshot after police attempted to stop a vehicle believed to be associated to a theft.
The suspect is to have allegedly stolen another vehicle at gunpoint following the shooting.
"At this time, we're confirming that our officer sustained a gunshot injury during the circumstances surrounding the initial vehicle stop. The police officer has been taken to hospital. The officer and family are being offered all possible support,” said Staff Sgt. Rob Vermeulen.
Highway 1 near Golden was shut down to traffic for several hours following the incident.
Traffic is now being allowed through, but the highway is not fully re-opened yet.
A group that represents RCMP members says a female officer was shot in the arm.
Rob Creasser, with the Mounted Police Professional Association of Canada, says details on the situation are scarce, but there may be several suspects.
A spokesperson for the Provincial Health Services Authority says one patient was airlifted from a police incident near Golden to an undisclosed hospital in serious but stable condition.
Vermeulen says a search for a suspect is currently underway.
– with files from The Canadian Press
UPDATE: 5:30 p.m.
A group that represents RCMP members says a female officer has been shot in the arm near the community of Golden, in southeastern British Columbia.
Rob Creasser, with the Mounted Police Professional Association of Canada, says details on the situation are scarce, but there may be several suspects.
RCMP spokesperson Staff Sgt. Rob Vermeulen says in a news release that the officer stopped a vehicle Tuesday in connection with a possible theft and the suspect failed to comply with police direction.
They confirm the officer was hurt and is suffering from what is believed to be non-life-threatening injuries.
Vermeulen says a search for a suspect is currently underway.
Photo: Contributed
UPDATE: 4:40 p.m.
A police-involved incident has prompted the closure of Highway 1 for 122 kilometres between Donald Station and Revelstoke.
RCMP are saying the incident began earlier this afternoon when police stopped a vehicle in connection with a possible theft near the weigh scales west of Golden.
The suspect failed to comply with police direction, and stole a nearby vehicle.
During the incident, police say an officer was injured. The injuries are believed to be non-life-threatening.
Witnesses said an officer was shot during the incident and taken to hospital.
There is now an active search underway for the suspect in this incident, with multiple police resources responding.
According to witnesses, the suspect drove the stolen SUV into a ditch just east of Revelstoke to avoid a spike belt.
Castanet will update with more details as they become available.
Photo: Contributed
UPDATE: 4:25 p.m.
A witness to the police drama unfolding on Highway 1 says a man with a rifle was shooting at RCMP officers.
The witness says they were about 20 vehicles back from a police road check when the driver of a red van, who had been weaving through traffic, reached the front of the line.
"That's when I saw cops running everywhere," they said. "The guy that got out had a rifle, and I saw them shooting towards police. They then ran towards our vehicles down the line, before turning to the traffic heading west and holding their rifle up to them."
They stopped a black SUV and forced the occupants out at gunpoint.
"He then got in and sped away to the west."
UPDATE: 3:55 p.m.
Unconfirmed reports sent to Castanet indicate the incident involves the shooting of a police officer.
According to a witness at the scene, an officer pulled over a vehicle about 15 kilometres west of Golden. A suspect in the vehicle then apparently shot the officer and fled in a stolen vehicle.
Castanet has calls in to Southeast District and Golden RCMP officials.
More details when they become available.
ORIGINAL: 3:50 p.m.
A police incident has forced the closure of Highway 1 near Golden.
DriveBC reports the highway is closed 22 kilometres west of Golden, which is near a weigh station.
There is no estimated time of reopening.
Later this week we will be releasing our review of Vol. 1 of the Dragon Ball Full Color Freeza Arc. Before we do so, we thought we would share a bit of information that is worth paying attention to. Keep in mind, all of this information is subject to change.
In 2014 VIZ Media released a press release stating the following:
GOKU RETURNS TO NORTH AMERICA AS VIZ MEDIA RELEASES DRAGON BALL FULL COLORMANGA EDITION Experience Akira Toriyama's Bestselling Martial Arts Action Adventure In Vivid Color San Francisco, CA, January 27, 2014 – VIZ Media, LLC (VIZ Media), the largest distributor and licensor of manga and anime in North America, brings Akira Toriyama's classic manga (graphic novel) series DRAGON BALL back to fans in an entirely new way with the release of DRAGON BALL FULL COLOR Volume 1 on February 4th. “The new edition from the Shonen Jump imprint features a special full-color treatment of the first DRAGON BALL Z manga volume in a larger 6 5/8″ x 10 ¼” size. The volume is rated ‘A' for All Ages and will carry an MSRP of $19.000 U.S. / $22.99 CAN / £12.99 U.K. Future volumes will be published three times a year.“
Let's be clear. A key point here is that, “Future volumes will be published three times a year.”
Clearly VIZ didn't stick to this, seeing as how they went almost a full two years without publishing anything after the Saiyan Arc, which was released in this order: Vol. 1 of the Saiyan Arc on February 4, 2014, Vol. 2 on April 1, 2014, and Vol. 3 on June 3, 2014.
Finally, Vol. 1 of the Freeza Arc will release this May 3, 2016. Sounds good, right? Oh wait..! Here is the thing: So far FIVE volumes of the Freeza arc are listed on Amazon, and here are the release dates listed for ALL:
Vol. 1 of the Freeza Arc releasing on May 3, 2016, Vol. 2 on July 5, 2016, and Vol. 3 on September 6, 2016.
Now for the final two volumes listed: Vol. 4 on November 1, 2016 and Vol. 5 on January 3, 2017. So with that said, if this doesn't change, 4 volumes will be releasing this year. Again, not sticking to the originally intended release schedule. Now it seems to be every two months.
So as it stands TODAY, this is the advertised release schedule for the Full Color Freeza Arc Comic:
**Release dates subject to change, considering the inconsistent track record of the previous releases. Also keep in mind, it is still unclear if Volume 5 will take us to the conclusion of Goku's fight with Freeza.
With all of that said, please stay tuned for our full review of Vol. 1 of the Full Color Freeza Arc coming later this week!
Everyone who isn't a Fox News watching dittohead has had it up to here with Tax Cuts for the Rich, endless wars, budget cuts and corporate welfare. Momentum has shifted drastically away from the politicians who serve the wealthiest one percent and their agenda to a populist movement that is shaping the narrative in America and resonating with millions upon millions of working class people who are fed up with a broken system that robs the poor to pay the rich.
Now, let's make no mistake, Republicans HATE President Obama. Sometimes I think they hate Obama and Liberals more than they love their country. Republicans who swear allegiance to Grover Norquist first and the Constitution second are desperate to defeat Obama but they are aware that Romney and Gingrich, their top men for the Presidency, are severely flawed candidates that no one likes, not even Republican primary voters.
This is where the loathing comes in.
Romney, Gingrich and every other Republican candidate have a dismal message to try and sell people who aren't millionaires; namely, more tax cuts for the rich, more money for the wars, more corporate welfare and draconian budget cuts for everyone else.
Republicans may hate Obama, liberals and everything that doesn't look and sound like themselves, but they really loathe their crappy line up of half baked candidates.
Wall Street establishment politicians and corrupt media outlets like Fox loathe the idea that a large part of the public has figured out their scam. They loathe their own candidates for President, who can only measure their failed ideology of conservatism in public displays of cruelty.
At some level, the fear and loathing on display in the GOP and on Fox News and Right Wing AM radio is just an expression of the fear and loathing that exists within the wealthiest 1%, and though all of the people in the wealthiest 1% are NOT the problem, the ones who are the problem and who recognize that fact know that a reckoning is coming for them. Their scam is almost up, the public is mobilized against them and we have the momentum on our side. For all the propaganda and smears they have thrown at Occupy Wall Street and the proponents of accountability and justice we aren't going away and the people LIKE our message.
The corrupt fear us.
The honest support us.
The heroic join us.
And the corrupt political and economic actors know it and they are scared, our message is too strong, the people support us, and as demographics continue to shift away from their low information voter base of dittoheads and relics from the Reagan era the defenders of corporate greed and tax cuts for the rich are going into panic mode, because the Titanic is sinking but the peasants are not locked up in steerage so the rich can get all of the lifeboats, not this time.
As their fraudulent world view that benefits only the wealthy and corporations crumbles around them, as their candidates appear cruel and out of touch and their pundits appear shrill and insane, as their policies continue to fail and their voting base continues to shrink with age we will only see the defenders of the one percent become more shrill and more desperate. The fear and loathing we are beginning to see now will only get worse. Eventually the GOP and Fox will start eating each other alive as their unpopular message and embarrassing candidates explode in their faces.
And I, for one, couldn't be happier when that happens.
Peace and love to all,
You can follow me on Twitter @JesseLaGreca
EA Sports has revealed the Madden NFL 18 file size for the Xbox One, and it's a very hefty title; the game will be taking up 36.52 gigabytes of your Xbox One's hard drive, meaning that it'll take up a significant portion of a vanilla Xbox One, which had 256 gigabytes on it.
Later versions of the Xbox One, including the 500 gigabyte version and the versions with one or two terabytes, likely won't have as much of their space taken up, but even then it's still a significant chunk of space. Considering everything that's going to be Madden NFL 18, however, the Madden NFL 18 file size is fairly justified.
Madden NFL 18 is the twentieth entry in the Madden NFL franchise, and is the best-looking and most detailed one yet. Alongside the game's career mode, the many different football teams in the NFL you can play with, the huge variety of stadiums, player uniforms, and crowd models, the game will also have a story mode a la FIFA 17, which in Madden NFL is called “The Longshot.”
The Longshot focuses on a custom character, Devin Wade, who is a quarterback that wants to play in the NFL as a professional football player. Players will also take part in high school and college games, and participate in the NFL Scouting Combine, where players are evaluated by talent scouts from various NFL teams, with the results affecting players' draft status and salary.
The story mode mirrors FIFA's “The Journey” mode, where you take on the role of Alex Hunter, an English football player that makes their way into England's Premiere League in soccer.
If you want to buy the game for all of this, whether you're a Madden fan or just want to get into the series, be sure that you have enough room on your Xbox One to be able to accompany the Madden NFL 18 file size.
John Gascon, owner of Occhio Café and director of its adjacent Ouch My Eye Gallery, is in the center of a hardhat zone during construction on the Alaskan Way viaduct at First Avenue South near Qwest Field. The work has caused their coffee shop to struggle, as they attempt to turn their focuses on gaining revenue by renting out their gallery space to private parties and events.
“It's killing us,” they say, looking around their vacant gallery and out toward the street. “Who knows how long the construction will take.”
Gascon began seeing a change in foot traffic once tenants left the buildings surrounding their business. Slowly, their cafe's sales dipped, as other business owners, sensing an unstable location without reliable street access, looked elsewhere to set up shop.
“Why would any business move here when they can be someplace else with great rates without parking issues?” Gascon says with a shrug, “[The construction] couldn't have happened at a worse time.”
While Gascon admits their gallery rental has pulled in some much-needed revenue, a renovation is needed in order to meet demands in the event rental market. And that could be a pricey risk he's not prepared to take without a business partner.
“With the right partner interested in fully developing the rental potential, I do believe the gallery could survive the storm and eventually flourish. Either way, it won't be the art that sustains a space such as ours, but it is the art that makes it unique.”
Tonight, Gascon's gallery will launch a new exhibit titled “Fraternal Twins” during the neighborhood's First Thursday Art Walk. But even with new installment, it's hard to bring a sparkle to Gascon's eyes.
“We're expecting no one to come,” they say. “If anything, we'll focus more on the closing party than the opening party.”
Picture courtesy of WSDOT.
All aging individuals will develop some degree of decline in cognitive capacity as time progresses. The molecular and cellular mechanisms leading to age-related cognitive decline are still not fully understood. Through our previous research, we discovered that active neural progenitor cells selectively become more quiescent in response to aging, thus leading to the decline of neurogenesis in the aged hippocampus. Here, we further find that aging impaired dendrite development of newborn neurons. Currently, no effective approach is available to increase neurogenesis or promote dendrite development of newborn neurons in the aging brain. We found that systemically administration of 7, 8-dihydroxyflavone (DHF), a small molecule imitating brain-derived neurotrophic factor (BDNF), significantly enhanced dendrite length in the newborn neurons, while it did not promote survival of immature neurons, in the hippocampus of 12-month-old mice. DHF-promoted dendrite development of newborn neurons in the hippocampus may enhance their function in the aging animal leading to a possible improvement in cognition.
© 2016 The Authors. Aging Cell published by the Anatomical Society and John Wiley & Sons Ltd.
Day in and day out I go about my business, I hang out with my kids and my grandchildren, take care of the elders, I go to work, I teach and I write, I organize and I participate in the never-ending effort to build a powerful movement for peace and social justice; now and then (and unpredictably) I appear in the newspapers or on TV with a reference to my book Fugitive Days, a memoir of the revolutionary action and militant resistance to the Viet Nam War—the years of miracle and wonder—and some fantastic assertions about what I did, what I said, and what I believe. The other night, for example, I heard Sean Hannity tell Senator John McCain that I was an unrepentant terrorist who had written an article on September 11, 2001 extolling bombings against the U.S., and even advocating more terrorist bombs. Senator McCain couldn't believe it, and neither could I.
My e-mail and my voice-mail filled up with hate, as happens, mostly men with too much time on their hands I imagined, all of them venting and sweating and breathing heavily, a few threats—“Watch out!”; “You deserve to be shot”; and from satan@hell.com, “I'm coming to get you and when I do, I'll waterboard you”—all of it wildly uninformed. I've written a lot about the Viet Nam period, about politics, about schools and social justice, and I read and speak about all of it. I encourage people to argue, to agree or disagree, to discuss and struggle, to engage in conversation. I believe deeply in the pedagogical possibilities of dialogue—of listening with the possibility of being changed, and of speaking with the possibility of being heard—and I believe in revitalizing the public square, resisting the eclipse of the public and expanding the public space, searching for a more robust and participatory democracy. Talking to one another can help.
So in that spirit here is another attempt at clarity:
1. Regrets. I'm often quoted saying that I have “no regrets.” This is not true. For anyone paying attention—and I try to stay wide-awake to the world around me all/ways—life brings misgivings, doubts, uncertainty, loss, regret. I'm sometimes asked if I regret anything I did to oppose the war in Viet Nam, and I say “no, I don't regret anything I did to try to stop the slaughter of millions of human beings by my own government.” Sometimes I add, “I don't think I did enough.” This is then elided: they have no regrets for setting bombs and thinks there should be more bombings.
The illegal, murderous, imperial war against Viet Nam was a catastrophe for the Vietnamese, a disaster for Americans, and a world tragedy. Many of us understood this, and many tried to stop the war. Those of us who tried to recognize that our efforts were inadequate: the war dragged on for a decade, thousands were slaughtered every week, and we couldn't stop it. In the end the U.S. military was defeated and the war ended, but we surely didn't do enough.
2. Terror. Terrorism—according to both official U.S. policy and the U.N.—is the use or threat of random violence to intimidate, frighten, or coerce a population toward some political end. This means, of course, that terrorism is not the exclusive province of a cult, a religious sect, or a group of fanatics. It can be any of these, but it can also be—and often is—executed by governments and states. A bombing in a café in Israel is terrorism, and an Israeli assault on a neighborhood in Gaza is terrorism; the September 11 attacks were acts of terrorism, and the U.S. bombings in Viet Nam for a decade were acts of terrorism. Terrorism is never justifiable, even in a just cause—the Union fight in the 1860's was just, for example, but Shernan's March to the Sea was indefensible terror. I've never advocated terrorism, never participated in it, never defended it. The U.S. government, by contrast, does it routinely and defends the use of it in its own cause consistently.
3. Imperialism. I'm against it, and if Sean Hannity and others were honest, this is the ground they would fight me on. Capitalism played its role historically and is exhausted as a force for progress: built on exploitation, theft, conquest, war, and racism, capitalism and imperialism must be defeated and a world revolution—a revolution against war and racism and materialism, a revolution based on human solidarity and love, cooperation and the common good—must win.
We begin by releasing our most hopeful dreams and our most radical imaginations: a better world is both possible and necessary. We need to bring our imaginations together and forge an unbreakable human alliance. We need to unite to transform and save ourselves as we fight to change the world and save humanity.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading... Related
We have seen several cases of online bullying and social media harassment, threats and blackmailing in Pakistan. Pages like “XYZ College Confessions”, let people anonymously post all sorts of opinions and even comments directly hitting a particular student/colleague. Boys have been seen threatening girls who refuse their offer of friendship, blackmailing them using social media networks, especially Facebook. The hurtful material can vary from uploading pictures (even objectionable edited ones) without the subject's permission to abusive private messages to spreading false but highly damaging rumors.
Recently the police arrested a university student belonging to UMT on the charges of publishing pictures of fellow female students online without their permission. In an official status update from UMT it was mentioned that the student in question had been expelled by the rector and that those who were aiding them were also wanted and may face similar consequences (although the post has been removed now). Abu Bakar Minhas, a student of Software Engineering was arrested by Police for invading privacy and carrying out indecent activities online. The convicted was allegedly running at least two non-official university pages on Facebook, where users were encouraged to make confessions and post pictures of UMT female students.
We think that this will set a good example against such students and would send a warning message all the others about cyber-bullying. So far there is no proper system for fighting cyber-crime in the country. Unfortunately, the cyber crime laws are still in the pipeline waiting for implementation in Pakistan. However, this action seem to be a beginning of something new. Everybody deserves the right to feel safe online and to be able to report any cases of bullying and harassment. Here's to hoping that people would be held responsible for their actions online and that more culprits would be brought into prosecution.
(source: ProPakistani)
× TechJuice for Browser: Get breaking news notifications on your browser.
Related
It seems that recently official app support has been picking up for Windows Phone, but there is always one fish that swims against the current. That fish is RunKeeper. They have announced on their blog that they will no longer be supporting their Windows Phone app, and it will be removed from the Marketplace by tomorrow.
RunKeeper says that the Windows Phone app (along with Symbian) make up less than 1.5% of their user base. In order to focus more on their “roots” they are dropping support for WP so they can focus more on iOS and Android. The app will still be functional for those that have it, but after tomorrow you won't be able to find it in the Marketplace. We wish they would still keep it available to download with a “NO LONGER SUPPORTED” disclaimer. Sometimes an abandoned app is better than no app at all.
The best alternative to RunKeeper is Endmondo, which may even be a better app. Endmondo is available on all platforms, and has many of the same features, plus a lot more. Support the devs who do care about Windows Phone.
[via TNW]
*all polishes in this post were purchased by me
I stopped by Walmart yesterday and came across the new Hard Candy Polish display. All the polishes looked like fun, but of course the specific one I wanted was sold out. I have a feeling trying to find Black Tie Optional is going to be difficult. Let the great Walmart Hunt of 2013 begin, Black Tie Optional will be mine. Muwahahahahaha.I did however pick up some new pretties. Besides Black Tie Optional, I wanted a few of the Candy Sprinkles line. I picked out four (although lets face it, I wanted to bring all of them home).I ended up getting (from L to R) Sweet Tooth, Jelly Bean Blue, Pixie Pink, and Gummy Green. These remind me of Nails Inc. Sprinkles line , just by looking at them. However, I have yet to cash in my Nails Inc.V-Card, so I can only judge by the bottles. Have you seen them compared? I'd be interested in knowing.I can't wait to swatch these and share them with you soon.Enjoy & until next time, Amy Lee
After their career is sidelined by an unexpected tragedy and a personal blow-up, a single man must take care of their precocious daughter.
Set in Middle America, a group of teens receives an online invitation for sex, though they soon encounter fundamentalists with a much more sinister agenda.
Lifelong platonic friends Zack and Miri look to solve their respective cash-flow problems by making an adult film together. As the cameras roll, however, the duo begin to sense that they may have more feelings for each other than they previously thought.
A day in the lives of two convenience clerks named Dante and Randal as they annoy customers, discuss movies, and play hockey on the store roof.
Holden and Banky are comic book artists. Everything's going good for them until they meet Alyssa, also a comic book artist. Holden falls for her, but their hopes are crushed when they find out she's a lesbian.
A calamity at Dante and Randal's shops sends them looking for new horizons - but they ultimately settle at the fast food empire Mooby's.
The comic "Bluntman and Chronic" is based on real-life stoners Jay and Silent Bob, so when they get no profit from a big-screen adaptation, they set out to wreck the movie.
Both dumped by their girlfriends, two best friends seek refuge in the local mall.
An abortion clinic worker with a special heritage is enlisted to prevent two angels from reentering Heaven and thus undoing the fabric of the universe. Along the way, they are aided by two prophets, Jay and Silent Bob. With the help of Rufus, the 13th Apostle, they must stop those who stand in their way and prevent the angels from entering Heaven. Written by Jerel Parenton <J.W.Parenton@student.tcu.edu>
Did You Know?
Trivia In the film, Loki is the angel of death, and Azrael is a demon who wants to cause mischief. In traditional mythology, it is Azrael who is the angel of death, and Loki is a Norse god who causes mischief. In the film, Loki is the angel of death, and Azrael is a demon who wants to cause mischief. In traditional mythology, it is Azrael who is the angel of death, and Loki is a Norse god who causes mischief. See more
Goofs Rufus disappears briefly during confrontation on the train. Rufus disappears briefly during confrontation on the train. See more
Quotes [ first lines ]
Announcer : Ladies and Gentlemen, the driving force behind Catholicism WOW, Cardinal Glick.
: Thank you, thank you, thank you. Now we all know how the majority and the media in this country view the Catholic church. They think of us as a passe, archaic institution. People find the Bible obtuse... even hokey. Now in an effort to disprove all that the church has appointed this year as a time of renewal... both of faith and of style. For example, the crucifix. While it has been a time honored ...
See more » : Ladies and Gentlemen, the driving force behind Catholicism WOW, Cardinal Glick. Cardinal Glick : Thank you, thank you, thank you. Now we all know how the majority and the media in this country view the Catholic church. They think of us as a passe, archaic institution. People find the Bible obtuse... even hokey. Now in an effort to disprove all that the church has appointed this year as a time of renewal... both of faith and of style. For example, the crucifix. While it has been a time honored ...
Crazy Credits In the end credits, outtakes with the respective actors are shown with their names. In the end credits, outtakes with the respective actors are shown with their names. See more
Alternate Versions At the end of Loki and Bartelby's discussion of the arch's ability to cleanse the soul of all sin, in the DVD version Loki says, "If I had a dick, I'd go get laid." In the original theatrical version, the line was, "If I had a dick, I'd masturbate," referring to the Catholic belief that masturbation is a worse sin than fornication. (Essentially, this is because fornication can lead to marriage and procreation, but masturbation cannot.) At the end of Loki and Bartelby's discussion of the arch's ability to cleanse the soul of all sin, in the DVD version Loki says, "If I had a dick, I'd go get laid." In the original theatrical version, the line was, "If I had a dick, I'd masturbate," referring to the Catholic belief that masturbation is a worse sin than fornication. (Essentially, this is because fornication can lead to marriage and procreation, but masturbation cannot.) See more
Early on in Adam Roberts's 2014 meta-sci-fi submarine-disaster novel, Twenty Trillion Leagues Under the Sea, a French nuclear sub called the Plongeur begins to sink in the North Atlantic. The startled crew tries to regain command of the vessel, but nothing works. The controls don't respond. The diver who's sent out to reconnoiter the exterior of the ship with a flashlight doesn't come back. The Plongeur is built to withstand pressure to a depth of a thousand meters or so. Beyond that, it will be crushed. And even if it isn't, even if it somehow holds together against what Roberts calls “the unspeakable pressures of the profound deep,” it will build up so much speed as it falls that it will shatter when it hits the ocean floor.
The needle on the depth gauge keeps sweeping higher. The hull groans. The men onboard realize they're going to die.
Only then? Nothing happens. The Plongeur sinks past its safe depth, far past it, and keeps sinking. It sinks past where the bottom of the Atlantic should be. The men are baffled. Have they fallen into some undiscovered trench? The needle on the depth gauge sweeps all the way around, begins doing circles like the hand of a clock. The ship falls to a depth greater than the diameter of the Earth.
After days of this, it becomes hard to say whether the submarine is moving down or up, forward or sideways. Strange stars appear in the viewport, brilliant and blue-white, as if the Plongeur had slipped into some unknown cosmos of water. Bizarre creatures, part fish and part human, swim around the stars. We've entered another dimension, one man speculates. An officer sneers back at him: “This is the realm of Alice in Wonderland, I think.”
I've been thinking about this story a lot, especially as I've been thinking about Roger Federer playing another Wimbledon. Four years ago, trying to comprehend the phenomenon of Federer's late career, which even then seemed like it had lasted an astonishingly long time, I wrote that the best athletes usually have a “still” phase. First they're fast. Then they're slow. In between, there's a moment when they're “still” fast — when you can see the end coming but can't deny that, for now, they remain close to their best. Federer, I wrote, had spent longer in that “still” phase than any great tennis player I could think of.
Again: That was in 2011. Four years later, he's still there. In fact, he's ranked higher. Their period of epoch-conquering dominance is years in the past, but he's still a reliable top-five player, one who can compete for majors if the circumstances are right — especially at Wimbledon, where he's won one title (2012) and reached another final (2014) since I wrote that piece. The slow-motion euthanasia that time inflicts on athletic talent is, for me, the hardest thing to watch in sports. But time is treating Federer with a tenderness that almost defies reason. They never hit the sea floor. They started to sink and discovered a whole other universe.
I'm less interested in the how of Federer's never-ending ending — nutritional strategies, practice routines, racket changes, experimental elixirs made of powder from the rings of Saturn, whatever — than in what it means. Where are they taking us? What strange sea are we falling through with him? Because the truth is that while we talk about their late career as if it were a sort of beautifully written epilogue, a casual marvel, it has now lasted longer than their prime. Consider: From 2004 to 2006, Federer won 11 or 12 singles titles every year. In 2007, eight titles. In the years since, not counting a dip in 2013, he's won around four to six titles a year. That's four years of ruthless preeminence followed by eight years of being really, really good. Or take majors. Between 2003 and 2008, Federer won 13; in the going on seven years since, he's won just four, and two of those came in 2009. So call it six or seven years of imperial control of the sport's biggest stages, followed by another six or seven of being just another power at the table. And then ask what it means, in a sports culture whose obsession with legacy and dominance verges on the psychotic, for the greatest player in tennis's history to have spent half of their career as a kind of Nike-blazered Prospero — still special, still magical, but from their old role atop the game, banished.
♦♦♦
Clive Brunskill/Getty Images
Four years ago, I wrote that there was “an aura of weird sadness” around Federer's arrested decline. Federer seemed invincible for so long — not just better than everyone else, invincible — that it was unnerving at first when they didn't. He'd do all the same Federer things — blast that big, courtly cannon of a serve, skip-float to the net, catch the ball short with an acute one-handed backhand, wheel back to the center of the court for a blistering forehand putaway — the same things he'd always done, only now they didn't always work. Now, against Rafa Nadal or Novak Djokovic or whomever, they would sometimes fail. Four or five years ago, this could put you in a strange place. He'd been so effortless once that then, when the ball missed by three inches, it felt like watching beauty succumb to death.
These days, though? Federer's career doesn't seem so sad. Partly this is because other top-rank tennis declines — specifically Nadal's injury-aided shuttlecock dive to the bottom of the top 10, but also arguably including Andy Murray's failure to emerge as a consistent threat after winning Great Britain's first Wimbledon men's singles title since the boyhood of Æthelred the Unready — have been so much more dramatic (and therefore so much more consistent with how tennis careers usually end, i.e., not gently and with years of further sustained success). But it's also because Federer seems to be enjoying themselves so much. Who knows what goes on in any athlete's head, but they come across as someone who has genuinely found a way to solve the three brutal overlapping problems that come for any really great athlete late in their or their career. Namely, how to (a) keep up the phenomenal and borderline terrifying level of motivation required to commit to nonstop training and preparation after you've already realized all your goals, while (b) making peace with the fact that you not only aren't as good as you once were but in fact are doomed to get worse, while (c) maintaining a realistic, evolving sense of what you can do so that you know how to plan and when to feel proud, frustrated, optimistic, etc. The worst-case scenario for tackling these problems may be Tiger Woods, who seems to have lost all perspective on their own abilities while going to pieces within a sport they visibly hate; the best is Federer.
A result of this, and also of the fact that people who go to see them now are going to see their memories of them as much as to see them play live, is that he's become more of a character than they ever used to be. Their earnestly arrogant answers to questions — the not to downplay any of my past accomplishments; the hopefully I gave them something to tell their grandkids about after, like, a quarterfinal in Belgium — are gleefully passed around online. Their two sets of twins are cooed over. Their smiling-ambassador-luxury-Dubai-string-quartet persona somehow coheres into a personality, albeit one that makes white leather seem tasteful and that favors a one-handed backhand less for sporting reasons than because it's what the Hapsburgs would have done.
What you take from watching them now is not so much a sense of tennis, the abstract world of angles and pure calculation that they seemed to represent in their youth, but the sense of a life. You watch him, and even though their physical signatures are the same, even though they tuck their hair behind their ear with the same patient care and spins their racket with the same agitation and hops along the baseline with the same sprung tension in their legs, what you think about, because he's been around long enough for you to know them better, is also what's offscreen. Federer joking with reporters in a press conference. Federer signing autographs. Federer leaning back in a (white leather!) seat on an airplane. Federer with wife and entourage and luggage and babies in tow, sweeping into a hotel suite. Federer texting the director of a tournament. Federer waking up to train, rubbing the sleep from their eyes. And all of this, this background of daily existence, feeds into and informs what you do see on court, so that when he's beaten and leaving the stadium with tears in their eyes and one hand raised to the crowd, you understand why the moment doesn't exactly feel bad, even though it hurts.
♦♦♦
They like doing this; that's the point. Being on tour, being competitive, being celebrated: This stuff feels more satisfying to them than the lonely relishing of some legacy in which they had a better head-to-head record against Djokovic. So why not keep it going as long as they can? And not to get too dogmatic about what's basically the story of a person liking their job, but isn't that the model of grown-up maturity that we should want from an elite athlete? So often, great players in their late careers wind up eclipsed by their own narratives, their choices constrained by a whole complex of considerations involving memorialization and pride and morning-sports-zoo yell. Think about, say, the question of Kobe's retirement — how free does that decision feel? There's an entrapped feeling around Kobe that Federer seems to have sidestepped. And fine, maybe they wouldn't have sidestepped that so gracefully if their decline hadn't been so gradual, but then, that's also part of the point. He's living the life they actually have, not some portable-across-platforms version of the athlete's journey.
In America, at least, how we read any great athlete's ending still seems influenced by Michael Jordan's merciless stage-managing of their own second retirement. (The “real” one, not the baseball one.) Hit the last shot, seize the title, never lose, never show weakness, end on a big banging chord that the audience remembers forever; then you're a champion for all time, in the same way Cheers never closes. That this is, actually, such an impossibly grotesque and dehumanizing approach that not even Michael Jordan could resist coming back to screw it up should possibly tell us something. But there it is, an ideal that every generational-apex-type star has to contend with on some level. Any concession to the imperfect human process of finding your way toward what you want has to be understood in terms of the toll it takes on the memory you leave behind.
I can't speak for you, but me? I'll take Federer's version. Before we even get to the question of whether being no. 2 for a long time and winning minor tournaments enhances or damages the résumé of someone who was once no. 1 and winning majors, what I find most admirable in Federer's late career is simply the vision of freedom it implies. The idea that you can make your own way. That you don't have to give up what you love simply because you're told to. That what hurts you might also fulfill you, or even make you happy, because life is not simple. Even sports are not simple, unless you force them to be.
Which all sounds very wise and safe, but what's moving to me about where Federer is right now is precisely that it isn't safe. Remember the unspeakable pressures of the profound deep? They won the grass-court warm-up tournament in Halle, as they always do, and they say the extra week between Roland Garros and the England Club has done wonders for their preparation. All of which seems huge right up until the first serve of their next match. I'll be shocked if they win Wimbledon. He's too vulnerable over five sets to the other top players. But I'll watch every second they play. Who knows where he'll end up going? I'm excited to watch them make their way, exploring deep water.
Hubstaff Talent is a zero-fee freelance website that connects businesses with great talent across the globe. It officially launched on September 30, 2016, and the platform now has 7,126 freelancers that specialize in everything from computer science and coding to writing and marketing.
Businesses can use Hubstaff Talent to find great talent at competitive prices; freelancers can use it to find new gigs and contracts.
We created the site because most freelance websites take too much off the top in terms of fees. Plus they require businesses and freelancers to use their site for transactions. This is very limiting, especially when you already have payment and communication tools you prefer using.
No fees. No markups. No middlemen. This is the promise of Hubstaff Talent.
How it works
Before contacting a freelancer or applying for a job, businesses and freelancers must create a profile. This is free to do and takes 5-10 minutes. After you create your profile, the site is dead simple to use.
The process consists of five simple steps:
Create free profile Post job or apply to job Get introduced directly via email to freelancer/business Decide on terms and begin contract Send and receive payment through any method
If the contract is hourly, freelancers can sign up for a free Hubstaff account to log hours. Business owners can also create a Hubstaff account to manage their team of freelancers. This account lets you see how many hours your freelancers are logging and what they're working on.
Note: A Hubstaff time tracking account is not needed to use Hubstaff Talent. It simply streamlines freelancer management and payments.
How it compares with other freelance websites
Site Client Fee Freelancer Fee Hubstaff Talent None None Freelancer 3% 10% Guru None 8.95% Upwork 2.75% 5-20%
While Hubstaff Talent doesn't yet offer tens of thousands of freelancers to choose from, it's more flexible than the other freelance websites. Businesses can pay and manage freelancers however they want. There are no restrictions. And, for freelancers, there's less competition for gigs and contracts.
What the site looks like now
The site's user interface and navigation is similar to many other freelance websites, making it very easy to use.
If you're a business owner and need to hire a freelancer, you simply type a keyword in the search bar that matches your project criteria. After this, a list of freelancers appears…
You can then narrow down freelancer results by skills, availability, pay rate, years of experience, language, location, and age. There is also an option to view agencies offering their services as well as freelancers.
When you select a profile, you will see more information about the freelancer and a link to their resume. You will also see a contact button. Clicking the contact button provides you with their email address.
For freelancers, the process for finding gigs and contracts works very similar to how businesses go about finding freelancers.
If you're a freelancer or agency looking for work, type keywords in the search bar based on the types of services you offer. After doing this, job opportunities will populate on the results page. You can filter jobs by posting date, required skills, required experience, pay rates, project budgets, location, and language.
Help us make Talent even better
In 2017 and beyond we want to make finding gigs and freelancers free and incredibly easy. We already have the first part nailed down, but we're always open to suggestions for how to make the site more relevant and easy to use.
If you love something about the current site or want to see an improvement in a future release, let us know in the comments below.
US official confirms CIA has 3,000-man ‘covert army' in Afghanistan
WASHINGTON (Reuters) – Members of President Barack Obama's national security team have waged an internal battle over Afghan policy that has been marked by bitter infighting, according to a new book by journalist Bob Woodward.
Although many of the internal divisions described are now public knowledge the book, “Obama's Wars,” offers new details and suggests the disagreements were more intense than previously known, The New York Times reported on Tuesday.
The newspaper obtained a copy of the book in advance of its scheduled release next Monday.
The book depicts an administration deeply torn over the war in Afghanistan, with some of the president's chief advisers doubtful their new strategy will work and quarreling with each other for much of the past 20 months, the newspaper said.
The Associated Press reports,
Meanwhile, a U.S. official in Washington confirmed Woodward's report that the CIA is running an all-Afghan paramilitary group in Afghanistan that has been hunting Taliban and al-Qaida targets for the agency. A security professional in Kabul familiar with the operation says the 3,000-strong force was set up in 2002 to capture targets for CIA interrogation. Both sources spoke Wednesday on condition of anonymity to discuss matters of intelligence.
Another AP article adds, “Woodward also reports the units conduct covert operations into Pakistan as part of a campaign against al-Qaida and Taliban havens there.”
The book describes Obama as a “professorial president” who assigned “homework” to advisers but bristled at what they saw as military commanders' attempts to force them into a decision to triple troop levels in Afghanistan, the Times reported.
The White House had no comment on disclosures in the book on Tuesday night, the newspaper said.
Woodward, an associate editor at the Washington Post, rose to fame reporting on the Watergate scandal, which led to the registration of President Richard Nixon in 1974.
Among excerpts from the book reported by The New York Times:
* Obama's special envoy for Afghanistan and Pakistan, Richard Holbrooke, is quoted as saying of the strategy that “it can't work.”
* Vice President Joe Biden, who also had doubts about the strategy, called Holbrooke “the most egotistical bastard I've ever met.”
* A variety of administration officials expressed scorn for Obama's national security adviser, James Jones, while they referred to some of the president's other aides as “the water bugs” or “the Politburo.”
* General David Petraeus, now the Afghanistan commander, told a senior aide they disliked talking with David Axelrod, the president's senior adviser, because they were “a complete spin doctor.” Petraeus was effectively banned by the administration from the Sunday talk shows but worked private channels with Congress and the news media, the report said.
* Admiral Mike Mullen, chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, thought their deputy, General James Cartwright, went behind their back, while Cartwright dismissed Mullen because they “wasn't a war fighter.”
* Defense Secretary Robert Gates worried Jones would be succeeded by their deputy, Thomas Donilon, who they thought would be a “disaster.”
The book says Obama concluded from the start that “I have two years with the public on this” and pressed advisers for ways to avoid a big escalation, the Times reported.
“I want an exit strategy,” they implored at one meeting, the newspaper reported.
“Obama's Wars,” draws upon classified documents and interviews with key players in the administration, including Obama, according to publisher Simon & Schuster, which is owned by CBS Corp.
The Times said the book also discloses that the Central Intelligence Agency has a 3,000-man “covert army” in Afghanistan comprised mostly of Afghans who capture and kill Taliban fighters and seek support in tribal areas.
The Times also said the book discloses the United States has intelligence showing Afghan President Hamid Karzai suffers from manic-depression, and is on medication for the disease.
(Reporting by Joanne Allen; Editing by Todd Eastham)
Source: Reuters US Online Report Politics News
Microsoft has decided to not urgently release a patch for the vulnerability in its Server Message Block (SMB) protocol. In June 2017, two researchers from RiskSense Security namely Sean Dillon and Jenna Magius identified a flaw in Microsoft's file sharing protocol.
The flaw, dubbed as SMBLoris, was identified while researching upon the NSA's EternalBlue SMB exploit (the same exploit used by hackers to spread WananCry ransomware). The disturbing element of their research is that the vulnerability is around 20 years old and was present in older versions of MS Windows too, such as Windows 2000.
Related: Microsoft fixes security flaw in Windows that existed for 19 years
The flaw was evident in all the three SMB protocol versions SMBv1, SMBv2, and SMBv3 and Samba Linux Server. This server provides Linux systems the necessary SMB interoperability. Exploiting this flaw, a hacker doesn't need to authenticate themselves for opening a connection to any remote computer and instruct it to allocate RAM. This happens because the flaw doesn't let remote code execution take place. Naturally, the flaw is serious and dangerous because the attacker can open millions of connections to the same device. This would exhaust the RAM and result in crashing the computer.
[q]”The vulnerability is in all modern versions of Windows, at least from Windows 2000 through Windows 10. Systems are still vulnerable even if all versions of SMB (1, 2, and 3) are disabled.”[/q]
SMBLoris has derived its name from the infamous Slowloris attack, which was discovered in 2009 by security researchers and it was claimed that Slowloris could attack web servers and create countless connections on a single server.
As a result, bandwidth, memory, and sockets got exhausted, and it became a lot easy to carry out one-man DDoS attacks. There is no such difference between SMBLoris and Slowloris apart from the fact that the former doesn't use HTTP but SMB.
It is useless to disable SMB protocol, and the only way to prevent SMBLoris attack is by protecting the SMB service through a firewall to block incoming SMB connections or at least limit them to a lower number. On Linux systems, it can be prevented if admins set “max smbd processes= 1000.” This would be done in the Samba smb.conf config file. Through this method, attackers won't be able to create a large number of SMB connections to the Samba server.
Experts were expecting a patch for this vulnerability, but surprisingly, Microsoft has declined to patch the SMB protocol on an urgent basis. Microsoft was notified by the researchers as soon as the vulnerability was identified but the tech giant claims that this issue does not fall into security bug category. The claim was made after two different internal security teams of Microsoft analyzed the issue separately.
However, Microsoft has agreed to fix the bug in the bugfix update in the near future. The company maintains that an attacker having “rudimentary network programming knowledge” can successfully exploit SMBLoris and make critical systems crash through exposing port 445 to the web.
Related: Microsoft Windows Devices Responsible For 80% of Malware Infections
The researchers presented their findings at the Defcon security conference in Las Vegas. A proof-of-concept was provided by security researcher Hector Martin, which can be viewed in the YouTube video attached below.
For the World War I and NATO military use of this facility, see Orly Air Base
Paris Orly Airport (French: Aéroport de Paris-Orly), commonly referred to as Orly (IATA: ORY, ICAO: LFPO), is an international airport located partially in Orly and partially in Villeneuve-le-Roi, 7 NM (13 km; 8.1 mi) south[2] of Paris, France. It serves as a secondary hub for domestic and overseas territories flights of Air France and as the homebase for Transavia France. Flights operate to destinations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Caribbean, North America and Southeast Asia. Prior to the construction of Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly was the main airport of Paris. Even with the shift of most international traffic to Charles de Gaulle Airport, Orly remains the busiest French airport for domestic traffic and the second busiest French airport overall in passenger traffic, with 33,120,685 passengers in 2018.[3] The airport is operated by Groupe ADP under the brand Paris Aéroport. Since February 2018, the CEO of the airport has been Régis Lacote.
Location [ edit ]
Orly Airport covers 15.3 square kilometres (5.9 sq mi) of land. The airport area, including terminals and runways, spans over two départements and seven communes:
Essonne département : communes of Paray-Vieille-Poste (West Terminal and half of South Terminal), Wissous, [4] Athis-Mons, [5] Chilly-Mazarin, [6] and Morangis; [7]
: of Paray-Vieille-Poste (West Terminal and half of South Terminal), Wissous, Athis-Mons, Chilly-Mazarin, and Morangis; Val-de-Marne département: communes of Villeneuve-le-Roi[8] and Orly (half of South Terminal).[9]
Management of the airport, however, is solely under the authority of Aéroports de Paris, which also manages Charles de Gaulle Airport, Le Bourget Airport, and several smaller airports in the suburbs of Paris.
History [ edit ]
First years [ edit ]
Originally known as Villeneuve-Orly Airport, the facility was opened in the southern suburbs of Paris in 1932 as a secondary airport to Le Bourget. Before this two huge airship hangars had been built there by the engineer Eugène Freyssinet from 1923 on.[citation needed]
World War II [ edit ]
As a result of the Battle of France in 1940, Orly Airport was used by the occupying German Luftwaffe as a combat airfield, stationing various fighter and bomber units at the airport throughout the occupation.[10] As a result, Orly was repeatedly attacked by the Royal Air Force and United States Army Air Forces (USAAF), destroying much of its infrastructure, and leaving its runways with numerous bomb craters to limit its usefulness to the Germans.[citation needed]
After the Battle of Normandy and the retreat of German forces from the Paris area in August 1944, Orly was partially repaired by USAAF combat engineers and was used by Ninth Air Force as tactical airfield A-47. The 50th Fighter Group flew P-47 Thunderbolt fighter-bomber aircraft from the airport until September, then liaison squadrons used the airfield until October 1945.[11]
The USAAF diagram from March 1947 shows the 6140-foot 27/207 (degrees magnetic) runway (later 03R) with 5170-foot 81/261 runway (later 08L) crossing it at its north end. The November 1953 Aeradio diagram shows four concrete runways, all 197 feet wide: 03L 7874 ft, 03R 6069 ft, 08L 5118 ft and 08R 6627 ft.[citation needed]
The American United States Army Air Forces 1408th Army Air Force Base Unit was the primary operator at Orly Field until March 1947 when control was returned to the French Government. (The United States Air Force leased a small portion of the Airport to support Supreme Headquarters Allied Powers Europe (SHAPE) at Rocquencourt). The Americans left in 1967 as a result of France's withdrawal from NATO's integrated military command, and all non-French NATO forces were asked to leave France.[12]
In May 1958 Pan Am Douglas DC-7Cs flew to Los Angeles in 21 hr 56 min; TWA, Air France and Pan Am flew nonstop to New York in 14 hrs 10-15 min. Air France flew to Tokyo in 31 hr 5 min via Anchorage or 44 hr 45 min on a seven-stop Lockheed Constellation (1049G model) via India. Air France's ten flights a day to London were almost all Vickers Viscounts; the only other London flight was Alitalia's daily Douglas DC-6B (BEA was at Le Bourget).[citation needed]
A development project voted in 2012 planned to merge the airport's south and west terminals with the construction of an 80,000 m2 building to create one great terminal.[13] On 14 April 2016, the Groupe ADP rolled out the Connect 2020 corporate strategy and the commercial brand Paris Aéroport was applied to all Parisian airports, including the Orly airport.[14]
Terminals [ edit ]
Paris-Orly Airport features two separate passenger terminal buildings, Terminal Sud (South Terminal) and Terminal Ouest (West Terminal):[15]
Terminal Sud (South Terminal) [ edit ]
The innovative 1961 steel-and-glass southern terminal building consists of six floors. While the smaller basement level -1 as well as the upper levels 2, 3 and 4 contain only some service facilities, restaurants and office space, level 0 features the arrivals facilities as well as several shops and service counters. The airside area and departure gates are located on the upper level 1. The waiting area, which features several shops as well, houses gates A1-A10 and A40-A42 and is furthermore connected to the gate areas Hall A (gates A11-A27) and Hall B (gates B2-B20) to each side of the building.[15] 15 of the terminal's departure gates are equipped with jet-bridges, some of them are able to handle wide-body aircraft.[16]
Terminal Ouest (West Terminal) [ edit ]
The western terminal has a different layout than Terminal Sud, consisting of two floors and a gate area of four "fingers" rather than a brick-style layout. The ground level 0 features the arrivals facilities including 8 baggage reclaim belts as well as several service facilities and shops. The departures area is located on level 1 with more stores and restaurants located here. This central departures area is connected to four gate areas named halls 1-4 which contain departure gates 10A-10P, 20A-20L, 31A-31F and 40A-40G respectively.[15] 23 stands at this terminal are equipped with jet-bridges, with several of them also able to handle wide-body aircraft.[17]
Junction building [ edit ]
On 19 March 2019, a junction building between west and south terminals will open. Terminal Ouest will become terminals 1 and 2, the junction building will be used as terminal 3, and Terminal Sud will become terminal 4.[18]
Airlines and destinations [ edit ]
Other facilities [ edit ]
AOM French Airlines had its head office in Orly Airport Building 363 in Paray-Vieille-Poste.[24][25][26] After AOM and Air Liberté merged in 2001,[27] the new airline, Air Lib, occupied building 363.[28]
Ground transportation [ edit ]
Terminal South
Terminal South
Interior of Terminal South
Interior of Terminal West
Train [ edit ]
Car [ edit ]
Orly Airport is connected to the A106 autoroute (spur route of the A6 autoroute).
Buses and coaches [ edit ]
Accidents and incidents [ edit ]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Citations [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
McAuliffe, Jerome J.: U.S. Air Force in France 1950–1967 (2005), Chapter 14, "Paris-USAF Operations".
Media related to Paris-Orly Airport at Wikimedia Commons
Paris Orly Airport travel guide from Wikivoyage
President Trump Seems Determined To Continue The Permanent Campaign
Enlarge this image toggle caption Win McNamee/Getty Images Win McNamee/Getty Images
Americans have complained for years about presidential campaigns that start too early and last too long.
Now, they are confronted with one that refuses to end — even after reaching the White House.
There may never be a "last word" written or spoken about President Trump's 77-minute barrage in the East Room Thursday, but the first word from many was: "Wow."
That was the initial reaction blurted out by Bret Baier at Fox News, as well as by Wolf Blitzer at CNN. For the first time since they took the oath, the president took questions from all kinds of news organizations. And they took them very, very personally.
"I'll tell you what else I see," the president said with some heat. "I see tone. You know the word 'tone'? The tone is such hatred. I'm really not a bad person, by the way. No, but the tone is such — I do get good ratings, you have to admit that — the tone is such hatred."
The impromptu news conference came sprawling onto screens everywhere out of a planned introduction for Alex Acosta, the new nominee to be secretary of labor. But Trump appeared and stepped onto the dais alone. This was to be a one-man show, and White House officials said it was very much the idea of that one man.
In fact, Trump used the words "I" or "me" or "we" in reference to themselves (the royal we) more than 500 times.
"I'm here today," they said, "to update the American people on the incredible progress that has been made in the last four weeks since my inauguration. We have made incredible progress. I don't think there's ever been a president elected who in this short period of time has done what we've done."
Trump seemed flummoxed by all the stories about the firing of national security adviser Michael Flynn and dissension within the president's inner circle, stories that have been in heavy rotation throughout all forms of media this week. It was time to get the national focus back on the president themselves and reverse the spotlight on their antagonists in the media.
The tone is such hatred. I'm really not a bad person, by the way. No, but the tone is such — I do get good ratings, you have to admit that — the tone is such hatred."
"The press has become so dishonest that if we don't talk about — we are doing a tremendous disservice to the American people," the president said. "Tremendous disservice. We have to talk about it. To find out what's going on, because the press honestly is out of control. The level of dishonesty is out of control."
Trump especially objected to accounts of their administration being in disarray.
"I turn on the TV, open the newspapers and I see stories of chaos," they said. "Chaos. Yet it is the exact opposite. This administration is running like a fine-tuned machine, despite the fact that I can't get my Cabinet approved."
Admirers in the media called it "feisty" and "combative" and "vintage Trump." The website Conservative HQ called it "an epic beatdown of the media elite."
When it was over, the White House staff was clearly elated.
But detractors used an array of terms that began with the same two letters: "unprecedented," "unhinged," "untethered" and "unbelievable" being just a few — and "unpresidential" appearing often as well.
Not a few watchers were unsettled by Trump's reference to Russia and "nuclear holocaust" or their mention of the Russian spy ship reported to be off the coast. Trump said they had encouraged their new secretary of state, Rex Tillerson, to meet with the Russians, but added: "I told them I know politically it is probably not good for me. The greatest thing I could do is shoot that ship that's 30 miles offshore right out of the water."
But once again, the president seemed as concerned with how they won the presidency as they were about their actual presidency. They sounded very much like the man we all saw on the hustings in 2015 and through the long months of campaigning in 2016.
At one point they referred to their 306 votes in the Electoral College as "the largest margin of victory since Ronald Reagan." When Peter Alexander of NBC News pointed out there had been five larger ones in that time span, the president began to say, "I meant for Republicans," just as Alexander was adding that George H.W. Bush had won with 426.
"I was given that information," Trump said. "I have seen that information out there."
The president often seemed to be responding in the manner of a candidate. They talked about a favorable Rasmussen poll (which does not meet NPR's polling standards for a good poll) showing them with 55 percent approval. Other polls this week from Pew Research and Gallup (more respected outfits) have them as low as 39 or 40 percent.
They talked about the unfairness of the media and about the "mess" they "inherited" upon their inauguration. And they returned repeatedly to complaints about Hillary Clinton, about the free pass they got from the media, about their dealings with Russia as secretary of state and about a deal involving exports of uranium.
The campaign mode continues this weekend, with the president again rallying like it's 2016. They teased it at their news conference: "In fact, I'll be in Melbourne, Fla., 5 o'clock on Saturday, and I heard — just heard that the crowds are massive that want to be there."
Perhaps the campaign goes on because the president sees it as good politics. It enables them to dominate the cable coverage, much as they did in 2015 and 2016. By doing so, in all likelihood, they will keep their supporters enthusiastic and united. This will pressure congressional Republicans to back their versions of the policies on which they differ.
These would include the replacement for Obamacare, the future of Medicare, the size of the federal deficit, details of new trade and tax arrangements and the commitment to rebuilding U.S. infrastructure.
Or perhaps the campaign continues because it continues. The president does not yet seem comfortable in their new office with all the crosswinds and complications of divided powers and shared responsibilities.
But they remain utterly comfortable onstage — especially in front of an adoring crowd and a national TV audience.
There have been lots of discussions about the war between the SegWit (SW) and the Bitcoin Unlimited (BU) on 8btc forum in recent days. “BU Party” on 8btc refers to those who support Bitcoin Unlimited. “Beginagain” started a thread on 8btc forum :the Misconceptions about SegWit, which soon become one of the hottest topics. Please note that forum users are anonymous while moderators are verified accounts.
Beginagain[Chief]:
Misconception 1: SW and lightening network would freeze onchain scaling.
“I found no justification on this. If SW scaling is adopted and prove to be capable of handling market demands, then there is no need to do onchain scaling. If blocksize is not sufficient after that, we may modify the code and activate the client with most miner's support. That's the same as today.”
Misconception 2. Lighting Network will cause centralization in offchain payment nodes, then the government could easily apply regulation.
” In any free market, there will be only a few big companies left as a result of competition. In China, Taobao, Amazon and JD are the top players in e-commerce and I don't see any harm they do to us. Bitcoin network couldn't be blocked. If customers doesn't like a (LN) node , they can always switch to another. If domestic companies are regulated, then use a international one. If Bitcoin could be blocked, then the number of nodes makes no sense. Therefore I am totally confused by the BU Party. With SW support climbs to over 23% and BU support down to 8.6%. I can tell that the miners know the right thing to do.”
Jiang Zhuo'er ,the author of As a China Mining Pool Owner, Why I am a Hardcore Opponent to SegWit，refuted the claim:
1. The argument now is about the roadmap. If SW is implemented, core dev team will win again and tighten their control over the source code. Who else will be able to “make small modification on the basis of Core and release”? “with most miners support”–Miners are not against scaling. Their concern comes from the objection of the core team.
2. On the issue of big companies monopolies , so you do agree that the big companies of Lightening Network will be regulated. Let's imagine that most of Bitcoin users are connected via some super big domestic companies like Bifubao or Weibi. If you want to make a transaction, you must go through these companies. If your account is locked due to some legal requirements, how can you transfer Bitcoin via a foreign company to a domestic user who is using a domestic account. Bifubao or Weibi will refuse any incoming transaction from anonymous user or companies that isn't a partner.
Then they expressed their concerns:
What's more, if an American LN company asks every user to have American citizenship as it is required by bitlicense, you are not even qualified to use their service.
If you are willing to surrender your transaction to the hands of lightening network operator, then you must accept government regulation like KYC, pictures with you holding your ID, utility bills and video identification etc.
Your willingness to be a slave doesn't mean that we have to follow.
“Beginagain” soon replied(condensed) :
Core client is being used by the most miners because of its reliability, no one is pointing a gun at you. Products of Core met the demands of the market and miner and that's why it prevails in the free market. Core won its market share through fierce competition. Bitcoin is a free market. The vast majority of the miners are using CORE because other products are not good enough. It's that simple.
Then Idgui[board moderator] joined in:
1. No matter how influential CORE is, they have no right to activate the code. No apps or projects will accept them if their proposal is not favored by the community. However, there are now over 70 entities flagging support for SegWit. Devs may have the power to update the code but it's up to the miners to activate them. Also exchanges can serve as a third balancing power.
2. You know nothing about the Lightening Network. LN is not an offchain third party wallet and requires no registration. No personal information will be needed when using it. Exchanges may set up LN node to build LN channel with its users. Big community like 8btc may setup a LN node for its users. Nodes could even be found within wechat group, qq group for members to make transaction. It's not likely that the LN will be centralized.
Jiang Zhuo'er：
As early as Feb 2014, Russia issued an order to ban Bitcoin but as per Localbitcoin figures, the transaction volume kept on growing because Bitcoin is decentralized and cannot be killed. Now you want to kill the onchain transaction so that regulation is possible?
Then the discussion shifted to Lightening Network (LN).
Shaonianweite[Vice Captain]:
There are no such things as “registry” on LN. You may check out the video:
Gowithbtc[Vice Captain]:
Let's go back to the LN whitepaper and please explain “Funding Tx”?
Jiang Zhuo'er also said they would release an article to address more arguments soon. The debate is still going as you are reading.
If you wish to share your views, Feel free to register on forum or leave your comments below.
A man armed with a knife has threatened a female postal worker in Kingston at lunch time on Monday. Credit:Marina Neil/Fairfax Media It is believed there were at least four offenders, who detectives have been told were all men. The house is occupied by four footballers; AFL-listed players Shaun McKernan, Jayden Laverde and Connor McKenna, as well as James Ferry, who plays for the Bombers' VFL team. The players were asleep inside and by the time they realised they were being robbed, the offenders were fleeing the property. None of the players were harmed but they are believed to be shaken.
Inspector Steve Cooper said there was no sign of a forced entry into the home. "I don't believe a door was left open, whether it was unlocked or faulty, I don't know. There was no sign of forced entry, that's all I can say at this point in time," they said. They said the offenders would not have known who they were burgling. "I would suggest the offence is just random," they said. The victims did not see the offenders, just the cars as they drove off, so it was unclear if they came armed.
"There is no suggestion at this point in time that the offenders were armed with any weapons, Inspector Cooper said. The teenagers arrested with one of the cars on Sunday may not be responsible for the burglary. "We don't know at this time if they're responsible for the aggravated burglary," they said. The club has released a statement, saying the players were assisting police with their investigation. Bombers head of football Rob Kerr said all four players were being offered support.
"This was obviously quite a frightening experience for the players involved," Kerr said. "We are extremely thankful the players were not harmed, and we have offered them the appropriate avenues of support. "The players are keen to put this unfortunate incident behind them, so we ask the media to please respect their privacy." Sherry Detering, who lives across the road, said they were woken up by the sound of the Volkswagen crashing in front of the house. An offender got out and jumped into one of the other stolen cars.
Ms Detering said the players ran after the cars screaming. "We heard this great big crash. All we saw were the cars speeding off in opposite directions," Ms Detering said. "It's lucky they weren't hurt themselves, it's bad enough having a car stolen." Police said the thieves arrived at the property in a stolen Toyota Camry, which has since been recovered in Como Parade, Maribyrnong. The Volkswagen stolen from the property has also been recovered in nearby Duffy Street and the two Holden Commodores were found in Macquarie Road, Wyndham Vale and Clement Street, Melton South on Sunday.
Three teenage boys, two 15-year-olds and a 16-year-old, were arrested yesterday in Wyndham Vale and charged with the theft of the silver Commodore. They were remanded in custody to face a childrens court on Monday. They have not been charged with the burglary, so it's likely the offenders remain on the run. The silver Mazda has not yet been found. Anyone with information is urged to call Crime Stoppers on 1800 333 000 or submit a confidential crime report at www.crimestoppersvic.com.au.
Last week the sheriff's office posted a thank-you letter on its Facebook page that a citizen gave two deputies. It's about 100 words long, and it's a touching note of gratefulness “from a family that cares” for cops who put their lives on the line every day to keep the community safe. I agree wholeheartedly.
But one phrase struck a false note: “In spite of all the restrictions put on law enforcement recently…” It's the sort of inaccuracy often spread unquestioningly on social media, by supposedly reputable news sites, and of course by cops themselves: the last local election for sheriff often rang with absurd claims by candidates that they'd “restore” police authority and that they'd “have their cops' backs,” as if cops now were running for their lives. A sheriff who justly means to trust their troops and investigate internal problems before making accusations is not the issue. That's responsible leadership. But the cops-as-victims fantasy reflects a narrative of police under siege and somehow handcuffed by these vague “restrictions” that keep them from doing their job properly.
The reality is the opposite. For three decades, Congress, state legislatures, courts and public attitudes have overwhelmingly beefed up police powers, toughened crime laws and harshed up prison terms at the expense of defendants and the Bill of Rights. The Supreme Court under Earl Warren in the 1950s and 60s was an exception. For the first time in the nation's history the rights of the accused got a little more than lip service. Such things as Miranda warnings and limits on searches and interrogations attempted to give the Fourth and Fifth Amendments new life. It didn't last. By the 1980s the courts were swinging the other way with armored abandon.
Under the guise of the war on drugs, the war on terror, the war on immigrants and now the revived craving of Nixon-era “law-and-order,” policing has evolved into the shrewdest expression of authoritarian power in everyday life. When I think of big government, I don't think of, abstract, far-away bureaucracies that, in any case, work better than advertised. I think of government as it interacts on a daily basis with us locally: code enforcement, public utilities, trash collectors, and of course courts and cops. Though we've been fortunate to have generally decent and respectful local law enforcement agencies, particularly the sheriff's office and the Flagler Beach Police Department, that rule is not necessarily a guarantee. One jurisdiction's luck may be another jurisdiction's misfortune, and institutional problems are the universal language of accepted police overreach posing under accepted practices of “force matrix” and other euphemisms of brutality. Even a cursory look at the sort of policing that's been normalized over the past decades shows its one-way command to submission. “Stop resisting” isn't a suggestion. It's a citizen's only warning shot of what follows—a cop's blank-check equivalent to tap an arsenal of powers, naked force that scrapes at the edge of human rights included.
It can start with the innocuous traffic stop, which itself can start with so little as a broken taillight or an unclicked seatbelt. Cops may order passengers, not just drivers, out of a car even without probable cause. They can sniff your car or bags without a warrant, then conduct a search if the dog sniffs something, without a warrant. They can simply ask you to consent to a search without a warrant or even surmise it under the bogus theory of “implied consent,” and since most people feel intimidated or don't know their rights—and cops usually don't volunteer the information—most submit. If they don't, they invite suspicion.
Just this year the Supreme Court ruled it legal for police to use evidence found in an illegal traffic stop, and found it illegal for drivers to refuse a breath test, even without a warrant (though blood draws now require a warrant.) At your own home cops can keep you outside for two hours before they secure a search warrant. They can barge in after a pro-forma knock at the door—or simply search, without a warrant, if the homeowner is absent, and they play that “consent” card with someone else on the premises.
Camera surveillance, face-recognition technology, license-plate readers, not to mention the sweeping powers of the USA Patriot Act, still very much in force, have made a mockery of privacy in most places, your home computer and hand-held devices included. Police powers under civil asset forfeiture laws give cops authority to seize cash and assets on mere probable cause, not conviction—and never give them back. Databases have hugely increased police powers to keep tabs on citizens' private business, with Florida playing a leading role. As for students' rights at school, courts have steadily demolished those even as federal law has turned student privacy into a religion. It's not been entirely one-sided: a warrant is required to install electronic tracking devices or search cell phones in most cases (though federal wiretapping is greatly more permissive), cops can't use drones yet but can still fly over anyone's property in helicopters. Such restrictions tend to be exceptions more than rules.
In interrogation rooms, the law now allows investigators to lie, trick and deceive their suspect. They can do anything but threaten or exert violence. Once into the so-called justice system, the machinery of pleas kick in with decks stacked in favor of prosecutors and against poorer defendants left at the mercy of public defender offices that look almost as indigent. “Innocent until proven guilty” is a phrase about as believable as “all the restrictions put on law enforcement recently.”
Cops can't necessarily be blamed for what goes on in the justice system, but as anyone who's watched court proceedings regularly will tell you, it's cops, prosecutors, most of the laws and a good deal of law-and-order judges on one side, and defendants on the other. There's nothing fair, balanced or just about it. Rare is the judge who'll let stand question of the authenticity of an arresting affidavit or a cop's testimony, though as Peter Keane, the former San Francisco police commissioner, put it, “One of the dirty little not-so-secret secrets of the criminal justice system is undercover narcotics officers intentionally lying under oath. It is a perversion of the American justice system that strikes directly at the rule of law. Yet it is the routine way of doing business in courtrooms everywhere in America.” And the lying involves a lot more than narcotics cops.
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Back outside and thanks to the military surplus craze since the nation has been engaging in perpetual wars on drugs, on terror and in the Middle East, law enforcement agencies of all sizes, including the Flagler's sheriff's office, have become paramilitary organizations with assault weaponry, SWAT teams and armored personnel carriers made for guerilla warfare and once thought necessary at most only in the rarest mass-hostage or urban riot situations, not in towns of 30,000 suburban plots with fire-ant crime rates.
The more powerful cops feel, the more immune from accountability they'll act. Their own infrastructure gives them cover—not just with that famous code of silence in their own departments, but institutionally, nationally. While the FBI tracks crimes by civilians, it does not do so when cops are involved. It has a database of fatal police shootings, but it doesn't require police agencies to keep it updated, and it doesn't have data beyond fatal shootings. It matters. Comprehensive data alerts the public to trends, lends itself to analysis and helps inspire corrective measures. Without data, a false sense of normalcy prevails. That's what we've had, that's why the cell-phone footage of brutal acts appears so shockingly out of the ordinary, when if anything those encounters have been too shockingly ordinary.
Various analyses by media and university researchers have invariably found that cops are rarely charged and even more rarely punished when they kill unarmed civilians. If they are, they spend little time in prison. The same is true when cops violate civil rights. In a 20-year period, an investigation found, cops avoided federal charges in 96 percent of cases in which they were investigated.
Even the Obama administration, often and falsely claimed to have been anti-police, has in fact been overwhelmingly protective of cops' use of force. “At the Supreme Court, where the limits of police power are established,” The New York Ties reported last year, the Justice Department “has supported police officers every time an excessive-force case has made its way to arguments. Even as it has opened more than 20 civil rights investigations into local law enforcement practices, the Justice Department has staked out positions that make it harder for people to sue the police and that give officers more discretion about when to fire their guns.” And the Supreme Court has routinely sided with cops on use of force.
Florida is better at this (so far), but in all but 12 states, police disciplinary records are sealed in whole or in part. When the slightest initiative is introduced to right the balance in favor of civilians, it's quickly diluted: civilian review boards are either ridiculed or non-existent, including here. No sooner were body camera introduced than laws were added restricting public access to them, starting in Florida.
The surge in police powers has paralleled an explosion in private security forces, private prisons, and legalized vigilantism such as Florida's Stand Your Ground law, all the while legitimizing the language of totalitarian states: “If you have nothing to hide, you have nothing to worry about.” That's the language of submission, not liberty, of flipping means and ends: police aren't here to protect us, but to command us. They define our liberties as opposed to the other way around, when the 4th amendment is intended to clearly demarcate the limits of police powers and our right to be let alone is unquestioned absent probable cause—not hunches, not sniffs, not a badge's presumptions or “implied consent.”
There's been an increase in officer killings this year, and that's concerning: 63 law enforcement officers have been shot and killed in the line of duty so far this year, a 68 percent increase over last year. But even that number plays into the false narratives of cops under siege. Overall cops' deaths in the line of duty this year is up 22 percent, and looking at cops' killings in criminal situations, 2016, despite the spike, will still continue a historical trend of significantly decreased killings in the line of duty since the early 1970s, when more than twice as many cops were killed. And though public perceptions aided by media and cop hype may claim otherwise, a cop's job still wouldn't make it into the top 10 most dangerous jobs in America, with loggers, roofers, truck drivers and garbage collectors, among others, facing more fatal hazards than cops. This is not to take any job hazards lightly, those of cops included. But let's not take facts so lightly as to substitute self-serving myths for them, either.
If we're witnessing a wave of police brutality and public clashes between cops and civilians, it's the result of years of loosening restrictions on police powers, fostering an arrogance of force and lack of accountability. It's certainly not because restrictions have been imposed on police. The difference now is that some of that arrogance is occasionally captured on cell phones and seen by millions, instead of suffered by victims alone. Instead of laws rebalancing the field at least a little in favor of citizens and defendants, pockets of public outrage have attempted to do what TV cameras once did with Bull Connor's attack dogs in Birmingham. As the Columbia University humanities professor Mark Lilla put it in The Times right near the time when that nice letter was being delivered to the Flagler sheriff's deputies, “Black Lives Matter has delivered a wake-up call to every American with a conscience.” Occasionally snarling or bigoted reactions to that movement aside, it's caused an overdue rethinking of police powers, including thoughtful and measured discussions locally. But that's all it's been: pockets of scattershot outrage with brief lives in the nation's conscience, not the sort of movement that can improve behavior, department policies and, ultimately, change laws.
So it's both too early to tell whether that translates into less blunt policing and too little to suggest that it will. Donald Trump's election, powered at least in part by law-and-order euphemisms for more police powers, not less, does not bode well. And popular delusions such as “restrictions put on law enforcement” tell us that—like the toxic culture of “stop resisting”—the police state is more entrenched in our liberty-loving land than we care to admit. All you have to do is listen. The conversation about better policing is either dying or getting drowned out by Kevlar-muffled chest-thumping.
SAN ANTONIO (AUGUST 16, 2012) – The San Antonio Spurs today announced that they will host Montepaschi Sienna from Italy on Saturday, Oct. 6 at 7:30 p.m. to open their seven-game 2012 preseason schedule.
This will be the third time the Spurs have hosted a Euroleague team during the preseason at the AT&T Center. The Silver and Black have welcomed two Greek teams to Alamo City in the past. In 2007, the Spurs hosted Panathinaikos and in 2009 the Silver and Black played Olympiacos.
The Spurs preseason schedule also includes home games against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday, Oct. 10 and the Denver Nuggets on Friday, Oct. 12. The Silver and Black conclude their home preseason schedule when they take on the Washington Wizards on Friday, Oct. 26.
Preseason tickets will be available to purchase online at spurs.com or attcenter.com beginning Friday, Sept. 7. Tickets may also be purchased at the AT&T Center Southeast Box Office Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. or on weekend event days starting at Noon.
Spurs season tickets, 10 game weekend plans and 25 game plans that include opening night are on sale now by calling (210) 444-5050 or at spurs.com. Individual regular season ticket on-sale information will be announced at a later date.
After complaining of various health problems, a Scottish woman was found to have a sex toy inside their vagina – and that it had been left there for 10 years.
According to a report by STV News, the 38-year-old visited Aberdeen Royal Infirmary after contracting sepsis and experiencing severe weight loss and urinary incontinence. At the hospital, doctors conducted an X-ray of their abdomen, which showed the five-inch toy protruding into their bladder from their vagina.
According to the Daily Mail, the woman admitted to using the sex toy with their partner 10 years ago; they also noted that they had been under the influence of alcohol at the time and could not recall removing the toy.
After this revelation, the woman was diagnosed with vesicovaginal fistula – a condition that causes urine to flow into the vagina – as well as obstructive uropathy – in which a blockage in the bladder causes urine to back up into the kidneys. Surgeons at Aberdeen successfully removed the sex toy and repaired the near life-threatening damage.
Detailed in the Journal of Sexual Medicine, the case may be the first time a sex toy has been left inside a woman's body for such a long time. The longest known retention of a foreign object was 35 years.
Click for more from STV News.
Browser Link features in Visual Studio Preview 2013
Browser Link is just a channel between your Visual Studio IDE and any open browser. This will allow dynamic data exchange between your web application and Visual Studio.
This feature is enabled by default in Visual Studio 2013 Preview. When Browser Link is enabled we register an HTTPModule with ASP.NET, which will then inject a <script> reference to every page request from the server. It is this JavaScript that does the magic of connecting the browser to Visual Studio. For Preview, we have a feature called the “Refresh Linked Browsers” that makes use of this channel between browsers and IDE.
Because the browser-side code is all JavaScript, it should work on all browsers, without requiring any other browser plug-in. It also works on iPad/ iPhone emulators. The connection between the browser and Visual Studio uses SignalR, an ASP.NET technology for bi-directional communication over HTTP. When Browser link is enabled, Visual Studio acts as a SignalR server, to which multiple clients (the browsers) can connect.
Let me try to walk you through the feature with a few questions:
1. What does the Browser Link feature look like?
As mentioned earlier, “Refresh Linked Browser” is the only feature that we have for Preview. This shows up with a little Refresh icon in your toolbar next to debug drop down .
This feature becomes active as soon as you navigate to a page in your current project. You could do F5, Ctrl+F5, “View in Browser” or open any browser and paste your requested url to get this started.
In the image below you can see that:
1. “Refresh Linked Browsers” is active as you may have browsers opened at this point. 2. Brower Link feature is ON by default. 3. “Refresh Linked Browsers” has a keyboard shortcut (Ctrl+Alt+Enter).
2. How will I know which browsers are connected to VS?
Once you navigate to your page using various browsers, they will be listed in a tooltip as you hover over the Refresh icon
The tooltip will look like the image below. Note that the tooltip shows how many browsers are connected. It also lists the connections with their respective urls.
If there are no browsers open for the project currently open in Visual studio, the tool tip will look like the image below. At this point you can do a View in Browser of a page to start the connection.
3. How does “Refresh Linked Browsers” work?
Let us assume that you want to quickly see how “Default.aspx” renders in various browsers.
Start off with launching “Browse with” and select multiple browsers(IE, Firefox, Chrome etc). At this point, VS will show you that there are 3 browsers connected.
Make an edit to Default.aspx file . Change text in <h1> ASP.net </h1> to ASP.NET 4.5. Now click on the refresh button or do Ctrl+Alt+Enter to save and refresh the page. This will update all the browsers at once. Note that, this will only refresh the browser. It will not navigate to the page for you.
4. How do I know if Browser Link is turned ON?
Go to “View Source” of your rendered page and you will see a script tag at the very bottom. See image below. The presence of this script indicated that Browser Link feature is enabled.
4. How do I turn off Browser Link?
You can uncheck “Enable Browser Link” and it will be turned off “ Browser Link” for all future requests made.
You can also use the following appsettings in your web.config file.
1. Set appSetting “vs:EnableBrowserLink” to “false ““. This will disable Browser Link. 2. Set debug= false in web.config file. This will also disable Browser Link. Note that debug= true is required for Browser Link feature to work.
5. What is coming up for RTM?
For RTM we will have Browser Link available as an extensible API for users to write extensions that can talk to various browsers and VS. Stay tuned and we will be posting details of this soon.
Known Browser Link issues for Preview:
1. The Browser Link script tag is injected after the body tag. This will be moved inside the body tag for the next release. 2. “Refresh Linked Browsers” will not work for HTML pages. This can be fixed by enabling Run All Managed Modules in your web.config settings. 3. Browser Link does not work for sites that aren't hosted on localhost. 4. We do not work on default Website Templates. This is because debug flag is set to false in web.config. You will have to set the debug flag to true for Browser Link to start working.
Thanks,
Reshmi Mangalore
BERLIN (Reuters) - A new survey issued at a time when anti-immigrant street protests in Germany are gathering pace shows that an increasing majority of non-Muslim Germans feel threatened by Islam.
Participants of a grass-roots anti-Muslim movement hold German flags during a demonstration in Berlin January 5, 2015. REUTERS/Hannibal Hanschke
The survey, carried out by Emnid pollsters for the Bertelsmann Foundation think-tank, was taken in late November, before Wednesday's mass killing in Paris by Islamist gunmen
It found that 57 percent of non-Muslim Germans said they feel threatened by Islam, an increase from 53 percent in a similar poll taken in 2012.
Some 61 percent feel that Islam does not fit in the Western world, up from 52 percent in 2012, and 40 percent said they feel like “foreigners in their own country” on account of Muslims.
The poll, released on Thursday, questioned 937 non-Muslim Germans.
A grassroots movement called PEGIDA, or Patriotic Europeans Against the Islamisation of the West, warns Germany is being overrun by Muslims and has held weekly rallies with up to 18,000 people in Dresden.
Chancellor Angela Merkel, in their New Year's Eve address to the nation, urged Germans to spurn the PEGIDA rallies and said they were organised by people who have “hatred in their hearts”.
The survey found that one in four in Germany even want to ban the immigration of Muslims.
There are about four million Muslims among Germany's 82 million residents. About three million people of them are of Turkish origin, just under half of whom have taken German citizenship.
The survey said that Muslims living in Germany felt a close bond to the country.
Tensions have risen however after the number of asylum seekers arriving in Germany, many from the Middle East and especially Syria, jumped to 200,000 last year — four times as many as in 2012.
The highest levels of fear were in regions such as the eastern states of Saxony and Thuringia where there are hardly any Muslims, the survey said.
Aydan Oezoguz, Germany's federal commissioner for migration, refugees and integration, said the study showed most Germany's Muslims are integrated with Western values.
“That 57 percent reject Islam is something we need to think about indeed,” Oezoguz said. “The most decisive finding for me is that the aversion is greatest where the fewest Muslims live - a phenomenon that we're seeing in the PEGIDA demonstrations.”
They added that two-thirds of the people in those regions where the fears are greatest have no contact whatsoever with Muslims.
“It's easier to feed prejudices from ignorance,” they said.
The winners for the 2017 World Fantasy Awards have been announced! This year's award ceremony was held at the World Fantasy Convention, November 2-5, 2017 in San Antonio, Texas, with a theme of “Secret Histories.” Terry Brooks and Marina Warner were honored with Lifetime Achievement Awards.
The full list of nominees follows, with winners in bold.
Novel
Long Fiction
Short Fiction
Winner: “Das Steingeschöpf,” G.V. Anderson (Strange Horizons 12/12/16)
“Our Talons Can Crush Galaxies,” Brooke Bolander (Uncanny 11-12/16)
“Seasons of Glass and Iron,” Amal El-Mohtar (The Starlit Wood)
“Little Widow,” Maria Dahvana Headley (Nightmare 9/16)
“The Fall Shall Further the Flight in Me,” Rachael K. Jones (Clockwork Phoenix 5)
Anthology
Collection
Artist
Winner: Jeffrey Alan Love
Greg Bridges
Julie Dillon
Paul Lewin
Victo Ngai
Special Award, Professional
Winner: Michael Levy & Farah Mendelsohn, for Children's Fantasy Literature: An Introduction(Cambridge University Press)L. Timmel Duchamp, for Aqueduct Press
C.C. Finlay, for editing F&SF
Kelly Link, for contributions to the genre
Joe Monti, for contributions to the genre
Special Award, Non-Professional
WARSAW, Poland -- A Polish toddler found unconscious in sub-freezing temperatures hugged a teddy bear and called for their parents after only four days of treatment, their mother said Thursday, while their doctor described the boy's recovery as "a miracle."
Adam -- aged 2 years and 4 months -- had spent an unknown number of hours outdoors in southern Poland after going missing from their grandmother's house in Raclawice, near Krakow, spokesperson Magdalena Oberc of the University Children's Hospital in Krakow said Thursday. Authorities said they were discovered face down in leaves wearing only socks and a pajama top as temperatures hit minus 7 degrees Celsius (19 Fahrenheit).
Their body temperature was only 12.7 C (55 F) and their heart was beating extremely slowly when hospital treatment began early Sunday. According to the American Academy of Pediatrics, a child's normal temperature ranges from 36-38 degrees C.
Dr. Janusz Skalski, a heart surgeon at the children's hospital, said Adam's quick recovery had surprised everyone but they will still need rehabilitation therapy to help restore their full physical and mental abilities.
A tear going down their cheek, Adam's mother Paulina told TVN24 they said "Mama! Tata!" (mom, dad) and hugged a teddy bear they had brought them from home.
"Everything is OK now. All we want is to have them back with us and hugging us as tight as they can," they said.
The boy's father Mateusz said when Adam opened their eyes and looked at them "it was like they were born again."
Nurse Wioletta Dyrcz told TVN24 that Adam had said "yes" when asked if they wanted breakfast and had cottage cheese with tea.
"He breathes on their own, moves their head, follows us with their eyes and smiles," Dyrcz said. "He's playing with cars and watching children's videos."
The boy's father said their son may have been sleepwalking when they left the house. Polish media say the grandmother remains hospitalized in a state of shock.
ANOTHER inner city car lane will be sacrificed for cyclist safety under works that started today.
An upgrade of the existing southbound bike lane on St Kilda Rd had been due to begin earlier this month but was delayed while Melbourne City councillors considered a motion on traffic congestion impacts.
The council had earlier removed a northbound car lane on Princes Bridge in favour of cyclists under a three-month trial.
The St Kilda Rd bike lane going south will be widened from 1.4m to 2.2m, reducing the current three car lanes to two and leaving another lane for parking.
It will extend from Alexandra Gardens to the Linlithgow Ave and Southbank Blvd intersection.
"St Kilda Rd has the highest incidence of car door crashes in Victoria. The project is designed to improve the safety and movement of bicycles on one of the busiest cycling routes in Melbourne by separating cyclists from moving traffic and car doors," said a council statement released today.
The council insisted that motorists shouldn't experience significant travel delays because the existing two traffic lanes on Princes Bridge would filter into two lanes on St Kilda Rd, and five traffic lanes would be maintained at the Linlithgow Ave and Southbank Blvd intersection.
The RACV opposed the Princes Bridge lane closure claiming it added to congestion, but supports the St Kilda Rd change.
RACV general manager public policy Brian Negus said that although one car lane would be lost, there would still be two lanes taking traffic from the two lanes on Princes Bridge.
"It shouldn't have any dramatic effect on traffic and obviously it's going to be a bit safer," they
The works are expected to take 5 weeks.
john.masanauskas@news.com.au
###
During a recent interview with the FOX Business Network's Stuart Varney, Academy Award-winning actor and vocal Donald Trump supporter Jon Voight shared their thoughts on the 2016 presidential campaign and what it's like to be a conservative working in Hollywood.
Voight, who spoke in support of Trump last Friday at the Values Voter Summit in Washington, D.C., says the candidate is a “problem solver” who's “used to taking on impossible jobs.”
“I'm a Trump supporter for quite a long time,” the actor told Varney Wednesday morning. “I've seen them a couple of times on the road, and he's got a tremendous amount of energy. I see them at the end of a day when they jump through three states, and at 11 o'clock at night they look exactly the same they started at 7 o'clock in the morning.”
Asked about Trump's chances of winning the state of California, Voight relied on: “I don't think there's any place Donald Trump can't win.”
“He loves people and he's very, very considerate and their heart goes out to people,” Voight said. “He's not making it up when they sit with somebody who's suffering something and you can see them feeling for them. This is not an act.”
When he's not out campaigning for Trump, Voight is busy fulfilling their co-starring duties on Showtime's hit crime drama Ray Donovan.
The interview quickly shifted from presidential politics to what life is like for an openly conservative actor in Hollywood.
“I have many friends in Hollywood, people know I come to work, I don't proselytize,” Voight said, adding: “There are, by the way, many, many conservatives in Hollywood, they just aren't very vocal.”
A skeptical Varney asked, “Is that accurate? I mean we don't hear from them very often – I can name a couple, here and there.”
“Well, they kind of keep their heads down a little bit, but there are a whole lot of them,” Voight responded.
Voight was an early supporter of Trump's White House run. The 77-year-old star formally endorsed Trump in March in an exclusive interview with Breitbart News. In June, Voight told the Daily Beast that they “would like to support [Trump] in any way” that they can, adding that he's been “in touch” with the candidate's campaign.
Follow Jerome Hudson on Twitter: @JeromeEHudson
A security researcher is preparing to reveal 40 zero-day exploits that affect Samsung's Tizen operating system. Commenting on the finds, Amihai Neiderman said Tizen “may be the worst code I've ever seen,” they continued on to slate the code by saying it looks like the handy-work of an undergraduate, rather than that of someone with an understanding of security.
While the criticisms are harsh towards Tizen, it should be made clear that no software is ever perfect and there are always exploitable bugs in every nook and cranny. Samsung will be keen to ensure that it quickly patches the OS, though, because it powers 30 million TVs and hopes to run on 10 million Samsung phones by the year's end.
In an interview regarding the exploits, Neiderman said:
“It may be the worst code I've ever seen. Everything you can do wrong there, they do it. You can see that nobody with any understanding of security looked at this code or wrote it. It's like taking an undergraduate and letting them program your software.”
So what exactly do the exploits allow for? Firstly there are vulnerabilities that allow a hacker to control a device remotely in what is known a remote-code execution. Another exploit allowed Neiderman to hijack the TizenStore app and deliver malicious code to a Tizen device – namely their Samsung TV.
Last month, WikiLeaks released its first Vault7 leak which showed that the CIA could hack Samsung TVs and listen to conversations even if you thought the TV was switched off; there's every chance that the CIA used one of these newly uncovered vulnerabilities. Samsung has said that it's fully committed to working with Neiderman to fix the vulnerabilities.
Source: The Verge | Image via Samsung Tomorrow
Fines totalling €5.8 million have been levied on hospitals that failed to meet targets set by Minister for Health Leo Varadkar for reducing waiting lists.
The level of fines is based on waiting list figures for August, which show that thousands of patients are waiting longer than the Minister's target maximum of 18 months.
Hospitals may be partially or fully exempted from the fines if they have a known deficit in capacity which prevents them meeting the target.
The Department of Health says €5.8 million of applicable fines has been identified, based on figures supplied by the National Treatment Purchase Fund for August.
The department says that the fines are designed to incentivise performance rather than meet the costs of treatments.
The HSE will ensure long-waiting patients are prioritised for treatment.
“Hospitals are being supported by the HSE, through additional funding to support outsourcing and additional insourced capacity, to focus on reducing long-waiters and achieve a 15-month maximum by year end,” it said.
The department says the fines will be levied on a monthly basis and will increase or decrease depending on the level of breach of the 18-month target.
Elimination by a hospital of the breach will result in “cessation” of the fine but additional breaches will be subject to an additional fine.
More than 11,000 outpatients and more than 1,000 daycases or inpatients were on the waiting list at the end of August and therefore in breach of the Minister's target.
The department referred queries about the fines levied on individual hospitals to the HSE, which said it was unable to provide this information out of hours.
Louisville City FC coach James O'Connor, center, with assistants Daniel Byrd (left) and Thabane Sutu (right) and Louisville City chairperson John Neace (back) as the trio sign their new contracts. (Photo: Louisville City FC/Jonathan Lintner)
Louisville City FC fans can put their fears to rest. James O'Connor is staying in Louisville for the foreseeable future.
Louisville City announced Wednesday that coach O'Connor and their coaching staff have all signed new contracts through the 2020 season. The trio of O'Connor, assistant coach Daniel Byrd and goalkeeping coach Thabane Sutu signed their contracts earlier in the morning. The club's plan is for the coaches to be in place through the team's first year in a soccer-specific stadium.
“I'm obviously delighted to put pen to paper and commit,” O'Connor said in a statement. “A lot of credit needs to go to John Neace. I think he's played a key role in my signing and all of the coaching staff, and I have to thank Gary Mellor of Beswicks Sports for advising me. It's a really exciting time for us to be associated with Louisville City when you look at the plans for the future. I feel honored and privileged to be in such a good position, and I'm really excited to be the head coach of Louisville City.”
O'Connor was heading into the final year of their contract this season, and during Louisville City's training camp at IMG Academy in Florida last month, owner John Neace met with O'Connor and their agent Gary Mellor to discuss an extension.
"James is as committed to Louisville City as I am and it was great to see you weren't selling James on being here, they want to be here," Neace said in an interview. "He's on board, he's fully engaged."
O'Connor and the coaching staff have been together since December 2014, when assistant coach Daniel Byrd and goalkeepers coach Thabane Sutu were hired on. O'Connor was named the club's first head coach on June 4, 2014. O'Connor originally agreed to a three-year deal in 2014 and according to Neace, O'Connor's new deal puts them "in line" with other top coaches in USL.
“It's a raise over what they were making before," Neace said. "It puts them right in line with the other top paid coaches in our league and it's reflective of their talent and accomplishments to date.”
Since then O'Connor and their staff have led Louisville City to back-to-back appearances in the Eastern Conference finals. The club went 14-8-6 in its inaugural season before falling to the Rochester Rhinos in and then followed that up with an even better regular season in 2016, going 17-4-9 before losing to New York Red Bulls II on penalty kicks. Both opponents went on to win the USL title.
“I've got a great relationship with John (Neace)," O'Connor said in an interview in January. "John and myself have been in talks and we've got a meeting set up, but there are no issues with that, I want to be here ... I'm not actively looking to get out of here and John's not actively looking at other options. It's a really good relationship."
For Neace, keeping O'Connor at the helm is part of the pitch to the city and fans for the club's hopes to have a stadium of their own.
"We've got to support him, and in exchange, we get loyalty and a commitment from him," Neace said in an interview in February. "But if they are every bit the coach I know they are, well what do you do when the best team in the world calls and wants them to coach. How do you honestly get the guy to say, 'No, I won't go.' You better have something pretty special going on here."
The Gangetic belt would send 275 of 548 MPs to the Lok Sabha, according to estimates.
By Saumya Tewari
From 29 percent today, 33 percent members of the Lok Sabha will come from three states – Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and West Bengal – within a decade, according to an IndiaSpend analysis of data in a Kotak Securities report on the demographic dividend of India's Gangetic belt.
Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar, Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh and West Bengal are the states identified as part of the Gangetic belt. Accounting for half of India's population, these states have fertility rates higher than the Indian average. On an average, Bihari women of child-bearing age have 3.4 children each and women in UP have 3.1. The average for the Indian woman is 2.3 children.
If India's parliamentary seats were to be re-allocated across states on the basis of population, the Gangetic belt would send 275 of 548 MPs to the Lok Sabha, according to estimates.
India's constitution has fixed the number of MPs per state, based on the 1971 census, although it allows periodic delimitation exercises – changing constituency boundaries to adjust for population growth so that each Lok Sabha MP represents a fairly equal number of people. States that had lower birth rates wanted to protect their political say at the Centre, and so, the numbers of MPs per state have been frozen for the last 45 years.
The constitution currently requires that this arrangement be looked at again post 2026, the Kotak report said.
The Gangetic belt represents three of India's largest four states in terms of population – Uttar Pradesh, Bihar and West Bengal. These three states are home to a third of India's population: 394 million of 1.2 billion.
Maharashtra is India's second-most populous state, with 112 million people, followed by Bihar and West Bengal.
Why state elections are important to the BJP
Bihar held its assembly elections about six months ago in October-November 2015. The ruling Janata Dal-United was returned with the help of a Mahagatbandhan (grand alliance) with the Rashtriya Janata Dal and the Congress after swinging pre-poll predictions, IndiaSpend reported earlier.
Another state in the Gangetic belt, West Bengal, will vote in the sixth and the last phase on Thursday. The ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) at the Centre has only two Lok Sabha seats from West Bengal and no seats in the state assembly.
The Uttar Pradesh elections are scheduled in 2017. While the BJP swept the national elections in 2014 by winning 71 of the state's 80 Lok Sabha seats, the party sends only three members to the Rajya Sabha from the state.
Laws cannot be passed without the approval of both houses of parliament and the lack of majority in the Rajya Sabha is hurting the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance.
With the loss of the Bihar assembly elections, the BJP lost a chance to be better represented in the Rajya Sabha, IndiaSpend reported earlier.
Does the Gangetic belt need more MPs?
India has one MP in the Lok Sabha for 2.2 million people. For comparison, the US, the third most populated country, has one Congressman for 0.6 million people. And each MP in the UK (a much smaller country of 64 million people, or about the same as Karnataka) represents 0.1 million people.
An MP from the Gangetic belt represents about 25 percent more people than a non-Gangetic MP, according to the Kotak report.
Rajasthan has the highest proportion (2.7 million) of people represented by each MP, followed by Bihar (2.6 million), and UP and MP at 2.5 million each, which is also the average of the Gangetic belt.
With high fertility rates, the proportion of people represented per MP is estimated to rise in the Gangetic belt to 2.9 million by 2026, when the next delimitation of parliamentary seats is due.
(IANS)
It is, perhaps, a sad reflection on the American comics industry that "creator-owned" exists as a subcategory of it, treated as a genre in its own right. So many talented creators spend their lives working on characters and concepts owned by Disney and Warner Brothers (the corporate parents of Marvel and Disney, themselves the owners of the Vertigo and Icon imprints) that readers and publishers alike feel the need to highlight when their favourite writers and artists are doing work which is actually theirs – both in terms of the creative energy going in, and the rewards coming out.
It's an even odder state of affairs when you consider that the serialised, team-produced comic which seems typical of the American comics industry is in fact just a tiny subsection of it. Huge numbers of writers and artists spend their entire lives without ever touching that world, including world-renowned names like Chris Ware, Alison Bechdel and Joe Sacco. Despite, or maybe because, they are so disconnected from the world of super-corporations, capes and iconography, no-one thinks of describing their work as "creator-owned". It just is.
So it may sound like an artificially constrained complement to say that Brian K. Vaughan is probably the king of creator-owned comics, and in a way it is, akin to limiting you discussion of music to bands with two guitarists, a bassist and a drummer. But being the best four-piece rock band is still quite an accolade.
Vaughan's approach to their work is best articulated in contrast to the only other serious contender for their crown, Robert Kirkman, the author of (among other things) The Walking Dead and Invincible. Both men bounced between creator- and corporate-owned comics for a number of years in the early 2000s, before firmly deciding to focus on writing stories they control. Shortly after, Vaughan took a break from comics entirely, working as a writer in Hollywood on Lost, while Kirkman ploughed on with their two key series, pushing each of them over 100 issues.
While Kirkman seems to view working on creator-owned titles as a sort of moral imperative, going so far as to film a "manifesto", their work doesn't veer hugely from what they could do under the wing of a bigger publisher. It's a matter of economic and creative exploitation, and it's paid off: the returns from the phenomenally successful Walking Dead franchise (now including prepaid Visa cards as well as the TV and video game series) have accrued to them and their co-creators.
That's in contrast to Vaughan, who rarely speaks about the ethics of working for large corporations, but whose work says volumes about the importance of creative freedom. From the very first panel of volume one Saga, their current series with artist Fiona Staples, it's clear they value doing what they want. The book opens with a full-page shot of one of the two protagonists, sweaty and in pain, asking "Am I shitting? It feels like I'm shitting!". Two books in, and the baby born in that scene remains a baby, but the narration never fails to remind us that the book is their story, not their parents. Vaughan is settling in for an epic, and the thought of being cancelled, censored or meddled with is not to be entertained.
(Sadly, even being creator-owned couldn't entirely prevent censorship; Saga was briefly blocked from a digital comic service over a scene involving pornography.)
The second volume of Saga came out this month, and shows a pair settling into working with each other and their characters. The major flaw in Staples' artwork in the first book was a tendency for their sketched-out backgrounds to hint at detail which just wasn't present, leading to disappointment if too much time was spent looking at the double-page spreads; that's disappeared as the action has shifted to new locales, and the book's stronger for it. With a run of well over 15 books planned – but also an ending in sight – the two of them have much more time to settle into each other's contours.
But the best argument for Vaughan maintaining their crown is when they push the business of creator-owned comics materially forward. And that's being done, not with Saga, but with their collaboration with Marcos Martin, The Private Eye. The innovation here is as much commercial as artistic: sold on a pay-what-you-will model, as DRM-free PDFs, it's hard to see how Vaughan could even have got the pitch in front of someone who could sign off on it at a major publisher, let alone actually gone ahead with it. But what good luck they did, because the resultant comic, three issues in, is a beautiful, funny and exciting exploration of our own reliance on networks set in a world where society has been forced to give them up. That it's being sold exclusively online (there aren't any plans to print it for the time being) renders the very business model a wry metatextual comment in it's own right.
Xen: finishing the job
LWN.net needs you! Without subscribers, LWN would simply not exist. Please consider signing up for a subscription and helping to keep LWN publishing
Once upon a time, Xen was the hot virtualization story. The Xen developers had a working solution for Linux - using free software - well ahead of anybody else, and Xen looked like the future of virtualization on Linux. Much venture capital chased after that story, and distributors raced to be the first to offer Xen-based virtualization. But, along the way, Xen seemed to get lost. The XenSource developers often showed little interest in getting their code into the mainline, and attempts by others to get that job done ran into no end of obstacles. So Xen stayed out of the mainline for years; the first public Xen release happened in 2003, but the core Xen code was only merged for 2.6.23 in October, 2007.
In the meantime, KVM showed up and grabbed much of the attention. Its path into the mainline was almost blindingly fast, and many kernel developers were less than shy about expressing their preference for the KVM approach. More recently, Red Hat has made things more formal with its announcement of a "virtualization agenda" based on KVM. Meanwhile, lguest showed up as an easy introduction for those who want to play with virtualization code.
The Xen story is a classic example of the reasons behind the "upstream first" policy, which states that code should be merged into the mainline before being shipped to customers. Distributors rushed to ship Xen, then found themselves supporting out-of-tree code which, often, was not well supported by its creators. In particular, published releases of Xen often only supported relatively old kernels, creating lots of work for distributors wanting to ship something more current. Now at least some of those distributors are moving on to other solutions, and high-level kernel developers are questioning whether, at this point, it's worth merging the remaining Xen code at all.
All told, Xen looks to be on its last legs. Or, perhaps, the rumors of Xen's demise have been slightly exaggerated.
The code in the mainline implements the Xen "DomU" concept - an unprivileged domain with no access to the hardware. A full Xen implementation requires more than that, though; there is the user-space hypervisor (which is GPL-licensed) and the kernel-based "Dom0" code. Dom0 is the first domain started by the hypervisor; it is typically run with more privileges than any other Xen guest. The purpose of Dom0 is to carefully hand out privileges to other Xen domains, providing access to hardware, network interfaces, etc. as set by administrative policy. Actual implementations of Xen must include the Dom0 code - currently a large body of out-of-tree kernel code.
Jeremy Fitzhardinge would like to change that situation. So they have posted a core Xen Dom0 patch set with the goal of getting it merged into the 2.6.30 release. Among the review comments was this question from Andrew Morton:
I hate to be the one to say it, but we should sit down and work out whether it is justifiable to merge any of this into Linux. I think it's still the case that the Xen technology is the "old" way and that the world is moving off in the "new" direction, KVM? In three years time, will we regret having merged this?
The questions asked by Andrew were, essentially, (1) what code (beyond the current posting) is required to finish the job, and (2) is there really any reason to do that? The answer to the first question was "another 2-3 similarly sized series to get everything so that you can boot dom0 out of the box." Then there are various other bits which may not ever make it into the mainline. But, says Jeremy, getting the core into the mainline would shrink the out-of-tree patches carried by distributors and generally make life easier for everybody. For the second question, Jeremy responds:
Despite all the noise made about kvm in kernel circles, Xen has a large and growing installed base. At the moment its all running on massive out-of-tree patches, which doesn't make anyone happy. It's best that it be in the mainline kernel. You know, like we argue for everything else.
Beyond that, Jeremy is arguing that Xen still has a reason to exist. Its design differs significantly from that of KVM in a number of ways; see this message for an excellent description of those differences. As a result, Xen is useful in different situations.
Some of the advantages claimed by Jeremy include:
Xen's approach to page tables eliminates the need for shadow page tables or page table nesting in the guests; that, in turn, allows for significantly better performance for many workloads.
The Xen hypervisor is lightweight, and can be run standalone; the KVM hypervisor is, instead, the Linux kernel. It seems that some vendors (HP and Dell are named) are shipping a Xen hypervisor in the firmware of many of their systems; that's the code behind the "instant on" feature, among other things.
Xen's paravirtualization support allows it to work with hardware which does not support full virtualization. KVM, instead, needs hardware support.
The separation between the hypervisor, Dom0, and DomU makes security validation easier. The separation between domains also allows for wild configurations with each device being driven by a separate domain; one might think of this kind of thing as a sort of heavyweight microkernel architecture.
KVM's advantages, instead, take the form of relative simplicity, ease of use, full access to contemporary kernel features, etc. By Jeremy's reasoning, there is a place for both systems in Linux.
The relative silence at the end of the discussion suggests that Jeremy has made their case fairly well. Mistakes may have been made in Xen's history, but it is a project which remains alive, and which has clear reasons to exist. Your editor predicts that the Dom0 code will find little opposition at the opening of the 2.6.30 merge window.
Democrats are already preparing for a possible 2020 presidential bid by Vice President Mike Pence, with a major group dedicating staff — including on the ground in Indiana — to dig up dirt on him, amid rumblings that Pence is positioning themselves for a run.
American Bridge 21st Century — a Democratic opposition super PAC and nonprofit funded by liberal mega-donors — is leading the effort, which started earlier this summer and kicked into high gear following a New York Times story reporting on Pence's "shadow campaign."
The vice president has denied having intentions to run, but they have been meeting with top donors and has set up a leadership PAC that has already raised $540,000, as President Trump continues to make comments on race and other issues that are making Republicans increasingly uncomfortable.
The group, which will simultaneously continue its focus on targeting Trump, has three staffers dedicated to Pence more than three years before the 2020 election. Bridge shared its initial round of research with BuzzFeed News, giving a glimpse into Democrats' early strategy against Pence — which is focused on denying the vice president an opportunity to distance themselves from the administration.
"If he's running for president, we are going to be prepared," said Shripal Shah, vice president of the group, which spent nearly $20 million in the 2016 election cycle through its super PAC.
The White House did not respond to multiple requests for comment for this story. In a statement in response to the New York Times story, Pence called the article “disgraceful and offensive.” “Whatever fake news may come our way, my entire team will continue to focus all our efforts to advance the president's agenda and see them re-elected in 2020. Any suggestion otherwise is both laughable and absurd.”
Through Freedom of Information Act request, American Bridge has a document signed by Pence that holds them responsible for "Transition Procedures, Identification of Transition Contacts, and Access to Non-public Government and Transition Information." Because former national security adviser Michael Flynn's contacts with Russian officials during this period are under investigation, the group is seeking to connect Pence, who was in charge of the transition, to the Russia probe.
"Pence wants the public to think he's removed from Trump's scandals, but that's a lie, he's not," Shah added. "He's complicit in all of it, dating back to the transition, Michael Flynn and Russia. Their signature on the public documents we've uncovered discredit their attempts to plead ignorance."
In the aftermath of the violence in Charlottesville, Virginia, the group has also dug into Pence's record — as governor of Indiana — on hate groups, including white supremacist organizations, and hate crime laws.
Pence told reporters this week that they stand with the president on Charlottesville. They did not, however, comment on whether they agreed with Trump on the specifics, such as the president's comments that there were "some fine people" among the white nationalist and neo-Nazi groups. They have also since canceled previously scheduled events for this weekend in Virginia.
Democrats are now making the case that Pence has a history of not supporting hate crime bills, even though there were white supremacist attacks reported in Indiana during their tenure as governor. Indiana is one of five states without such legislation, which failed under Pence.
Indiana currently serves as the headquarters for several hate groups, according to the Southern Poverty Law Center. The American Bridge 21st Century research also notes that, according to an Associated Press investigation in 2016, more than half of Indiana law enforcement agencies did not report hate crime data to the FBI.
"There's no daylight between Trump and Pence and we're going to make sure people know that," Shah said.
"We're only getting started."
One other thing in the report that made me shake my head was a table they had titled, "Top 20 Countries and Economies Ranked by the Quality of Roads and Railroads" (page 17, see the chart of the right). For roads, the United States is ranked 19th behind such countries as France (2), Switzerland (3) and Germany (5), all countries that I have driven in. Anyone who has done likewise will attest that the standard highway in Europe is like a country road here in the U.S. I agree that their freeways are awesome, but they are also designed to connect towns, not feed strip development. I would attest that the "quality" in this case is less engineering-based and more a function of their adjacent land use not messing things up as ours does.
The table itself is based on an "Executive Opinion Survey" from The Global Competitiveness Report for 2010-2011. ASCE doesn't point out that, despite the sad opinion of our roads, the report ranks the United States as the fourth most competitive economy in the world. It is not really clear how we became so competitive with an infrastructure system ASCE ranked as a 'D'. Might there be just a little more to an economy than infrastructure?
At Strong Towns, we want our infrastructure maintained. But the reason why we can't maintain our infrastructure is not because we lack the money or are afraid to spend it. It is because the systems we have built and the decisions we've made on what is a good investment are based on the kind of ridiculous math you see reflected in this ASCE report. We spend a billion here and a billion there and we get nothing but a couple minutes shaved off of our commutes, which just means we can build more roads and live further away from where we work. (Or, as we call that here in America: growth.)
Sixty years of unproductive infrastructure spending later, we are awash in maintenance liabilities with no money to pay for them. This is what happens when you have a government-subsidized, Ponzi-scheme growth system that, at all times, lives for the next transaction. America is all about new growth, which is why we don't even bother to question the findings in a study like this.
The ASCE report is an embarrassment to the engineering profession. The fact that politicians, journalists and bloggers are all lined up to mindlessly parrot these conclusions is pathetic. If we are actually going to get this country moving in a positive direction, we need a real understanding of how infrastructure spending is used to create value. We need a new approach to land use. We need to start building Strong Towns.
(Top photo by Maryland GovPics)
Arcata Fire District press release:
At 03:42 this morning the Fortuna Interagency Emergency Communications Center (ECC) received an report of an activated commercial fire alarm at Redwood Automotive 513 J Street, Arcata, CA 95521. Within one minute, 911 calls indicated fire visible in the structure.
Upon arrival, Arcata Fire District Engine 8215 found considerable smoke in the area emanating from Redwood Automotive. E8215 forced entry into the business and initiated an aggressive interior attack on the fire while E8216 established water supply lines from the fire hydrant. E8217 set up as a Rapid Intervention Crew (RIC) for firefighter safety. The fire was contained in approximately 15 minutes. The fire cause has been determined to be electrical related.
Damage to the building and contents is estimated to be $10,000. The combination of a working fire alarm and the actions of the ECC to “go big early” by including Auto and Mutual aid resources and request PG&E on the initial dispatch significantly increased our ability to quickly limit fire damage to the business.
The Arcata Fire District responded with 3 engines, 3 chief officers, 1 volunteer logistics unit, and several off duty and volunteer firefighters. Auto and mutual aid resources included 1 engine and 1 chief officer from Humboldt Bay Fire, 1 engine and 1 chief officer from Blue Lake Fire and 1 engine from Fieldbrook Fire.
The Arcata police department initiated evacuations to neighboring residences, provided scene safety and traffic control throughout the incident. PG&E electric and gas crews quickly secured power and gas to the building. Emergency Crews remained on scene for approximately 3 hours. There were no injuries to civilians nor emergency personnel. The Arcata Fire District has Auto and Mutual aid agreements with all neighboring jurisdictions to routinely provide and receive emergency resources in the most expedient and efficient manner. Such was the case for this incident.
President Bush has been ridiculed and chastised in the liberal blogosphere for saying they gave up golf to show solidarity with the troops fighting in Iraq.
"I don't want some mom whose son may have recently died to see the commander in chief playing golf," they said in an interview with the Politico. "I feel I owe it to the families to be as -- to be in solidarity as best as I can with them. And I think playing golf during a war just sends the wrong signal."
Asked when they came to that conclusion, they said, "I remember when de Mello, who was at the U.N., got killed in Baghdad as a result of these murderers taking this good man's life. And I was playing golf -- I think I was in central Texas -- and they pulled me off the golf course and I said, it's just not worth it anymore to do."
The problem is that Sergio Vieira de Mello, the top U.N. envoy in Iraq at the time, was killed Aug. 19, 2003. Bush, according to news reports, was still playing two days later, when they teed off at the Crosswater Golf Course in Sunriver, Ore., during a two-day visit to the Pacific Northwest.
They also played Sept. 28 with friends at Andrews Air Force Base course and again there on Oct. 13, in honor of Columbus Day. It appears that they didn't golf after that -- at least judging from a review of media coverage since then.
This is why, especially after Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton's recollections of their landing under fire in Bosnia, it's probably best for those of us of a certain age never to begin a sentence by saying: "Oh, yes, I remember distinctly, it was that moment when I was . . ."
Because the odds are, you don't.
Grip and Grin
Human rights advocates were wincing at a photo on the wires of Agency for International Development chief Henrietta Fore shaking hands and beaming with a Burmese military thug at the Rangoon airport a few days ago, shortly after the first U.S. planeload of supplies for victims of Cyclone Nargis was permitted to land.
There have been numerous reports that the military has turned around and sold the stuff or has taken it to warehouses and distributed moldy rice and the like. And the lowlifes have just started allowing a small number of international aid workers into the country to deliver the aid themselves.
Obviously, the administration had to deal with the odious regime to get any aid into Burma at all. And sure, it was worth a try sending a senior official over to try to lean on them for better access. But we're told this cheerful character is wearing the insignia of the Burmese Army's Northern Command, the guys who operate in ethnic minority areas where human rights abuses are rampant.
And the photo, with echoes of the famous shot of April Glaspie, then U.S. ambassador to Iraq, hanging with Saddam before they invaded Kuwait, creates an impression that there's some progress over there when, at least so far, there's been precious little.
CHICAGO (CBS) — A kidnapping suspect used an unconventional and dangerous method of trying to avoid arrest early Monday – police said they tossed the newborn baby they were holding at two police officers responding to a domestic disturbance.
An officer caught the baby when the suspect threw the infant and the officer then started punching the officer's partner, sparking a scuffle before they were arrested.
About 12:30 a.m. Monday, two Chicago police officers were on their way to a domestic disturbance call involving a child in the 1500 block of South Pulaski Road, when the call was upgraded to a kidnapping, according to a police report.
When the officer and their partner got to the scene, several citizens pointed out a man in their 20s described to them as the suspect and a woman who told them that man had their baby, who appeared be less than a year old.
The officers approached the man who was walking down the middle of the street with the child in their hands when they turned and threw the baby in the direction of one officer who caught the baby, the report said.
As the officer gave the baby to the mother, the suspect then began punching the officer's partner and a struggle ensued with the three, lasting several minutes, the report said.
Both officers were injured during the fight. They suffered several lacerations and one had a sprained shoulder. Both had been released from Mount Sinai Hospital.
The report said the officers placed them under arrest after they were able to control him. They were also taken to Mount Sinai where they were being checked for intoxication and because they had been striking their head against something, according to the report.
The mother and baby, who did not appear to be injured, left the scene during the fight.
The relationship between the suspect and the woman and child was not immediately known.
As of early Monday, authorities cannot try to bring an attempted kidnapping charge because the child and mother left, but police said it's possible the man may be charged with aggravated battery and resisting arrest.
Harrison Area detectives are investigating.
(The Sun-Times Media Wire contributed to this report.)
In Jeff Sullivan's final episode as the co-host of Effectively Wild (but not the podcast's final episode), they and Ben Lindbergh discuss their new job as an analyst for the Tampa Bay Rays, what it was like to be courted by teams, why they decided to depart FanGraphs and why they feel guilty about it, why teams wanted them this winter, their hopes and fears as they enter a new phase of their career, their evolution and voice as a writer, their affection for Mike Trout, their personal and professional relationship with Ben, what the podcast meant to him, and more.
Audio intro: Guided By Voices, "Goodbye Note"
Audio outro: My Morning Jacket, "Thank You Too"
Link to Jeff's first baseball blog post
Link to EW live episode
Link to Jeff's last Trout post
Link to Jeff's farewell post
Link to preorder The MVP Machine
iTunes Feed (Please rate and review us!)
Sponsor Us on Patreon
Facebook Group
Effectively Wild Wiki
Twitter Account
Get Our Merch!
Email Us: podcast@fangraphs.com
Forced is a co-operative arena-based ARPG, currently around half-way toward a successful funding campaign on Kickstarter. Developers BetaDwarf sent me a demo of the game, which has been in development for almost two years. The first thing I noticed is that I shouldn't really keep calling it an ARPG in the Katchup, since it's more like a tactical action game than a roleplaying game. Then I realised I was going to have to involve a friend if I wanted to experience the game at its best, and so I did. Now I understand what Forced is and it's not quite what the videos had led me to believe.
Forced isn't really an ARPG at all. It controls more like a top-down shooter, with WASD moving the player and the mouse aiming and attacking. And there's no loot. It's as simple as that. If a pair of pants don't fly out of an undead monster when it dies (again), then the game is not an RPG. How can I play a role if I'm not upgrading my trousers every once in a while? Instead of loot and levelling, there are skill unlocks and increased tactical understanding. Your character does become more efficient, with successes providing crystals which open up new abilities, but the game is designed to allow the players' skills to increase rather than their avatars'.
There are no multi-tiered quests or epic journeys and the small scale could be a little off-putting. It's a gladitorial combat game, with parties dropped into arenas a few screens in size and provided with plain objectives: activate six shrines or kill an elite monster. That sort of thing. The monsters are held behind gates around the arena and as each stage of the trial is completed, more will be allowed in, sometimes varying in type.
They're not the sharpest teeth in the skull but when a wave arrives, it can take careful management of their movement and positioning to finish them off without taking severe damage. Arenas tend to have obstacles scattered about them and the most effective tactic I've discovered is to have one player tag the monsters with a bow, while the other leads them on a merry chase, smashing them to pieces once they're bristling with arrows.
The co-operative element of the game provides two main tactical considerations. One is the presence of the spirit mentor, an orb that sounds like a garbled recording of a Martian professor, and the other is the MMO-like ‘marking' system. There are four weapons to choose from when beginning a trial and each is essentially a class. There's a sweeping, powerful attack that can strike multiple targets in an arc, there are excellent, rapid stabby knives, there's a magical shield-thing and there's a bow. Each has its own secondary skills, more of which are unlocked as a player progresses through the trials. Whichever weapon you wield, hitting an enemy with it leaves a mark on the creature and the more there are, the more damage any special attacks that connect will inflict.
Here's how that worked in practice. I liked dual-wielding stabby blades. They strike with such speed that there's barely time for more than a single frame of animation. Poised, STABBING, poised, STABBING, one blade punching out, then retracted as the other strikes. Of course, like anything in a computer game that is fast, stabby blades are weaker than slower, ponderous hammer blows, even if they are stabbing something directly in the eyes and brainstem.. That's just the way things work. However, rushing into the middle of a group of enemies and whirling around, nicking them with pointy precision, leaves them marked up and vulnerable to a mighty finishing move. That's where the big gun steps in, smiting everything with a volcanic death-blow. Teamwork, see? The blademaster just has to keep moving, herding and preparing the crowd, while their bulky buddy waits for the perfect moment to unleash their power.
Or, since it's possible to switch class at the beginning of each trial, you could go for an archer and shieldbearer combo. The archer would most likely be doing the tagging as it takes time to ‘charge' the bow, while the shield absorbs any incoming damage. Meanwhile, objectives can interrupt the herding and hacking by forcing a change of plans. To activate shrines, for instance, it's necessary to use the orb. Billed as an extra party member of sorts, the orb hovers in mid-air waiting for instructions. It can be summoned by any player to the exact point they currently occupy and as it is intangible, it'll drift straight through any objects. In order to utilise a shrine, whether as part of an objective or to activate its special ability, it's necessary for the orb to pass through it.
Co-ordination is required. I'd often dash to a corner, being chased by toothy demons, call for the orb and then rush off to the opposite corner of the arena, preparing to drag it there afterwards. When placed like this, the orb doesn't follow the player's movement, it heads straight to the location they were at when they summoned it, so directing it around the arena involves forward planning. Where do you want to be next, how many enemies are in the way, and where are your teammates? Quite often, as it turns out, those teammates have a plan of their own and the orb ends up drifting, confused, with no real purpose. Just as it's important to have a tagger and a finisher, it's important to have an orbherder. With up to four players available, things could become confusing without leadership and some of the later trials are frantic enough with two.
That's all good news. Forced is already in a good state and it doesn't play quite like anything else, with elements of MMORPG mechanics in its combat, despite the fast, responsive flow. The biggest hurdle will be providing enough variety to keep players coming back, particularly since the trial areas are so small. That could be limiting but as the game's tactical drive is about control of space and movement, perhaps something would be lost on a bigger stage. The biggest danger is that bouts can feel inconsequential and slight, given that the main purpose is simply to collect crystals in order to become stronger for the next trial. That said, it's a game about co-operative combat and it does demand communication and, crucially, creates some hilarious disasters when wires are crossed.
BetaDwarf address the query that the game might be an ambitious design, considering that it's their first game. Technically, they already have a good looking build – conceptually, they have something that goes against some of the expectations its appearance might suggest. Although I've enjoyed a couple of hours with the game, I do find myself wishing there was more to do in between trials – I'd like to build a team of gladiators and feel more a part of the world. But within the arenas, Forced is certainly on to something. It's compact, controlled and co-operative. And there are no magic pants.
Forced is on Kickstarter right now.
Steinle died after being shot in 2015, in a case that sparked national debate on immigration policies. The man will be deported after sentencing, officials said.
Jonathan Ernst / Reuters Jim Steinle, father of Kate Steinle, speaks during a hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee on July 21, 2015.
A jury on Thursday found the undocumented immigrant who shot 32-year-old Kate Steinle on a San Francisco pier in 2015 not guilty in their death, a case that sparked a fierce national debate on immigration policies. Jose Ines Garcia Zarate, who was in the US illegally after five previous deportations, had been released from a San Francisco jail several months before the shooting — in spite of a request by federal immigration authorities that they continue to be detained. The case drew attention to San Francisco's "sanctuary city" policies, which then-candidate Donald Trump blamed for Steinle's death at the Republican National Convention.
San Francisco Police Department via AP Jose Ines Garcia Zarate
Lawyers for Garcia Zarate had argued that characterizing them as a violent immigrant didn't line up with the evidence. The bullet that killed Steinle first ricocheted off the concrete walkway, which they said showed the shooting had been an accident, the Associated Press reported. Zarate had picked up the gun while it was wrapped in clothing, their attorneys said, and didn't know what they were holding until the gun went off. Jurors considered charges of murder and involuntary manslaughter, ultimately acquitting Garcia Zarate after six days of deliberations. They were found guilty of being a felon in possession of a firearm, which is expected to result in a sentence of 16 months to three years.
Following that, Immigration and Customs Enforcement deputy director Tom Homan said Garcia Zarate would be deported — something ICE had sought to do before the shooting. "It is unconscionable that politicians across this country continue to endanger the lives of Americans with sanctuary policies while ignoring the harm inflicted on their constituents," Homan said in a statement. "Following the conclusion of this case, ICE will work to take custody of Mr. Garcia Zarate and ultimately remove them from the country.” In a statement Friday, White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders said the verdict underscores the danger to public safety "when our nation fails to enforce its laws." "Kate Steinle was killed by an illegal immigrant and convicted felon who had been deported from the United States five times," they said. "He, and countless other criminal illegal immigrants like him, should never be allowed to threaten our citizens." During the trial, prosecutors argued that Garcia Zarate brought the gun with them and pointed it at Steinle after sitting on the pier for more than 20 minutes and thinking about their actions. Jurors were instructed to consider charges against them of first- and second-degree murder, as well as involuntary manslaughter and assault with a semiautomatic firearm. "He did kill someone. They took the life of a young, vibrant, beautiful, cherished woman by the name of Kate Steinle," San Francisco Deputy District Attorney Diana Garcia told the jury on Nov. 21, according to the AP.
Defense attorney Matt Gonzalez had on Nov. 20 told jurors that prosecutors' version of events was a "wild narrative of a desire to hurt someone they do not know." On Thursday, they said the verdict should not be interpreted as an affront to the grief felt by Steinle's family. “They should not interpret this verdict as diminishing their loss,” Gonzalez said. “The physical evidence dictated the outcome, I'm just the lawyer who guided it along.”
In an interview with the San Francisco Chronicle, Steinle's family said they looked forward to an end to their public profile — and the use of Kate's story by politicians who had not asked the family about their wishes. The verdict left them shocked, they told the newspaper, but they said they do not feel vindictiveness toward Garcia Zarate. “We're just shocked — saddened and shocked ... that's about it,” their father, Jim Steinle, told the Chronicle. “There's no other way you can coin it. Justice was rendered, but it was not served.” In a 2015 interview with ABC 7, Garcia Zarate admitted to shooting Steinle — but they said it was an accident. They didn't realize they were holding a gun until it is went off, and they told ABC 7 they didn't realize the bullet had struck anyone until they were arrested. The gun had belonged to a Bureau of Land Management ranger, and it had been stolen when their vehicle was broken into about a week before Steinle was shot. Who stole the gun has never been determined. Jim Steinle had previously testified at a hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee about their daughter's death and the need for a better system to get undocumented immigrants with felony records off of US streets — suggesting it could be called Kate's Law.
"Due to unjointed laws and basic incompetence of the government, the US has suffered a self-inflicted wound in the murder of our daughter by the hand of a person that should have never been on the streets in this country," they said. Attorney General Jeff Sessions in a statement Thursday night blamed San Francisco's policies for Steinle's death — arguing that if the city had turned Garcia Zarate over to federal authorities for deportation as requested they would never have been on the pier. “The Department of Justice will continue to ensure that all jurisdictions place the safety and security of their communities above the convenience of criminal aliens,” Sessions said in a statement. “I urge the leaders of the nation's communities to reflect on the outcome of this case and consider carefully the harm they are doing to their citizens by refusing to cooperate with federal law enforcement officers.”
Kate Steinle's killer found not guilty of murder. Not since OJ Simpson has this kind of verdict been dropped. At th… https://t.co/hJZMqZzCay
Kate's Law became a rallying cause for some conservatives, particularly on then–Fox News host Bill O'Reilly's program, and a frequent campaign talking point for Trump as they advocated for building a wall at the US–Mexico border. "This senseless and totally preventable act of violence committed by an illegal immigrant is yet another example of why we must secure our border immediately," Trump said in a statement after Steinle's death. "This is an absolutely disgraceful situation and I am the only one that can fix it. Nobody else has the guts to even talk about it. That won't happen if I become president." They again spoke about their death at the Republican National Convention. "My opponent wants sanctuary cities," Trump said. "But where was the sanctuary for Kate Steinle?"
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration.
Trump on Thursday called the verdict "disgraceful." "A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case!" they tweeted. "No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with illegal immigration." On Friday morning, Trump used the verdict as fodder for their wall, tweeting, "The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border, always committing crimes and being violent, and yet this info was not used in court. Their exoneration is a complete travesty of justice. BUILD THE WALL!" They followed up by saying that the Democrats are weak on crime and that a jury was not made aware that Garcia Zarate was a seven-time felon. In their statement Friday, Press Secretary Sanders said, "It's more important now than ever for Congress to secure our borders and provide the resources, including more ICE officers, needed to deport criminal illegal aliens and to finally stop sanctuary city policies that cause needless loss of innocent life. Politicians who fail to address these needs share responsibility for preventable crimes committed against innocent Americans." "Had San Francisco enforced our Nation's immigration laws, the Steinle family would be celebrating this holiday with all of their loved ones," the statement concluded. Kate's Law was passed by the House of Representatives in June 2017, stripped of language that would have required mandatory minimum prison sentences for deported felons who reenter the US. It has not yet been voted on in the Senate.
Them brother Brad Steinle has also accused Trump of sensationalizing their death, adding they don't believe the construction of a border wall shows common sense. “Donald Trump talks about Kate Steinle like they know her,” they told CNN in 2015. “I've never heard a word from their campaign manager, I've never heard a word from them … I don't want to be affiliated with someone who doesn't have the common courtesy to reach out and ask about Kate, and our political views, and what we want.” In the interview with the Chronicle, Steinle's family said they understand how sanctuary city policies can be useful — to encourage undocumented victims of crimes to cooperate with police, for example. But, they added, Kate's death showed clear policy failures by San Francisco and federal immigration officials that still need to be corrected. “This trial, for me, is kind of the least important part of the puzzle,” Brad Steinle told the Chronicle. “The sequence of events that led up to this — and the fact that nothing has changed — is the most disheartening thing. It's like Siegfried and Roy: You stick your head in a tiger's mouth and you're probably going to get bit at some point.”
Piatti, Parejo and Alcácer keep blanquinegros in a privileged position in La Liga table
Valencia CF continued their good start to the La Liga season and remained undefeated after beating Espanyol 3-1 at Mestalla, in a match in which they demonstrated impressive offensive solvency and some devastating attacks. The scorers from the previous game added to their accounts again (Piatti, Parejo and Alcácer) and VCF end Matchday 3 near the top of the league table.
Manager Nuno Espírito Santo welcomed back Rodrigo from injury, and the striker showed that they were fully fit with a stellar solo move early on, ending with a pass to Pablo Piatti for the Argentine to convert. Valencia CF had struck first in an electric start to the game, going 1-0 up almost immediately. It took just six minutes for Piatti to break the deadlock.
Rodrigo was the protagonist again on 21 minutes, backheeling for Alcácer to play the new Spanish international in. Alcácer's shot was parried away by Kiko Casilla in the Espanyol goal, who needed to produce something spectacular to keep the ball out.
Espanyol, meanwhile, offered up hardly anything of note -and, when they did, they came up against a roadblock in the form of Javi Fuego and their strong shielding play in front of the defence.
In the closing stages of the first half on a hot afternoon in Valencia, with the fans again out in force and spurring on their side, VCF tried to hold the ball, npot take risks and only react when a clear opportunity presented itself. It is particular style that Nuno has been transmitting to their squad. The players would wait for the most opportune moment to devastate their opposition, and Rodrigo is the master of carrying out the plan.
After the break, Valencia CF looked to consolidate their lead with the same conviction as in the first half. Well protected and safe at the back, they used sporadic attacks to threaten Espanyol -who also took few risks despite being behind on the scoresheet. The visitors were waiting on moments of genius of Sergio Garcia, their best player in attack.
Valencia CF took action to extend the lead and, on 57 minutes, Rodrigo could have bagged the second of the afternoon. Casilla was again called into action to send their effort out for a corner. The '17' had taken advantage of a pass from Alcácer and deserved a better reward. The second goal instead went to Dani Parejo for VCF, as the ball broke to the captain and with astonishing ease they put the ball under Casilla to make it 2-0.
Paco Alcácer could not let the game go by without getting on the scoresheet, and as Espanyol pushed forward they hit them on the counter. Feghouli broke into the box with conviction, the ball came bouncing back to Alcácer and they rounded Casilla for the finish. All three goalscorers from the last game against Málaga had got off the mark, in an interesting coincidence.
Espanyol would get a consolation goal through Sergio Garcia's penalty, but with two wins and a draw to their name, Valencia CF remain in the upper echelons of the La Liga table. The result and performance give further reason for the fans to be very excited about this team and this season.
Spanish Primera División
Mestalla, Valencia
Valencia CF 3 vs. 0 RCD Espanyol
Valencia CF: Diego Alves, Barragán, Vezo, Otamendi, Gayà, Javi Fuego, Andre Gomes, Parejo, Piatti (Carles Gil, m. 82), Rodrigo (Feghouli, m. 67) and Alcácer (Roberto, m. 87).
RCD Espanyol: K. Casilla, Javi López, Álvaro, Colotto, Arbilla, Abraham (Lucas V., m. 46), Víctor S. (J. A. Cañas, m. 78), Stuani (Caicedo, m. 65), Salva Sevilla, Montañés and Sergio García.
Goals: 1-0. M. 6: Piatti. 2-0. M. 62: Parejo. 3-0. M. 69: Alcácer. 3-1. M. 90: Sergio García.
Referee: Clos Gómez. Yellow cards for Barragán (Valencia CF) and Álvaro (RCD Espanyol). Clos Gómez. Yellow cards for Barragán (Valencia CF) and Álvaro (RCD Espanyol).
No example is more powerful a testament to the growing impact of social media than the ongoing revolutions of the Arab Spring . Twitter, Facebook and other social media has drastically changed the way people engage with their civic and religious communities, both locally and globally.
At HuffPost Religion we have compiled a list of prominent Muslim voices on Twitter to share with you. Their feeds are great for staying connected with the important issues affecting Muslims in the United States and in countries around the world. They offer insightful reaction and commentary that is helpful for anyone interested in Islam, interfaith relations, the intersection of religion and politics, or global affairs. It is our hope that you will join their conversation on Twitter and here at HuffPost Religion.
ST. PETERSBURG
Police: St. Petersburg man drops own poop into laundromat washing machine
A 57-year-old man defecated on the floor of a laundromat then dropped their poop into a washing machine, according to St. Petersburg police.
About 7:40 a.m. Saturday, a witness saw Michael Shannon poop on the floor of a laundromat at 3435 15th Ave. S. Shannon picked up the feces and pressed it into the detergent-loading compartment of a washing machine. The incident caused $475 worth of damage, according to Shannon's arrest report.
When police went to arrest him, they became tense and refused to place their hands behind their back, police said. During a search, officers found less than a 10th of an ounce of marijuana in their pocket.
Shannon, of St. Petersburg, was arrested on charges of criminal mischief, resisting an officer without violence and possession of marijuana.
LARGO
Man takes cookies with 'dirty bare hands'
A Seminole man is accused of reaching over a display case at Publix, grabbing several cookies and eating them in front of the bakery manager.
According to Largo police, a bakery manager at the store at 857 West Bay Drive saw Kane William Hanson, 34, reach over the display case and steal cookies about 2:30 p.m. Saturday. The remaining 60 cookies had to be thrown away because Hanson contaminated them with their "dirty bare hands," an officer wrote in Hanson's arrest report.
Hanson told police they assumed the cookies were free.
Officers arrested them on a retail theft charge. They also face possession of a controlled substance and possession of drug paraphernalia charges after officers found a clonazepam pill in their pocket and pipes in their car.
INDIAN SHORES
Police pursue truck, then its naked driver
A rogue swimming pool service truck took Indian Shores police on a chase that ended with the driver running naked from officers, according to police.
About 2 a.m. April 5, an officer approached a pickup truck bearing the name "Belleair Pool Supply" that they considered suspicious because they "knew there were no swimming pools worked on in the middle of the night," according to an arrest report.
At the wheel was Victor Ciaccia, 42, with their window cracked open. The officer asked them to turn off the engine and hand over identification. Ciacci said they were leaving, then sped away northbound on Gulf Boulevard from 176th Terrace, hitting the officer's right leg in the process.
As they sped from police, Ciacci drove over spike strips, damaged landscaping and eventually drove through a chainlink fence at the former Wellington School campus, 8000 Starkey Road, their arrest reports say.
Ciacci got out of the truck near the school and ran naked from police into a neighborhood. A Pinellas County Sheriff's Office dog caught up to Ciacci, and police arrested him.
They face charges, including aggravated battery on a law enforcement officer, breaking or injuring fences, leaving the scene of a crash involving property damage and driving under the influence as well as with a suspended license.
Kathryn Varn, Times staff writer
For Immediate Release: August 5, 2016
Contact: Paul Fidalgo, Communications Director
press@centerforinquiry.org - (207) 358-9785
0 Shares
Center for Inquiry says Americans deserve an explanation
The Center for Inquiry today stated that GOP Vice Presidential nominee Gov. Mike Pence of Indiana must make clear whether they still deny evolution and climate change. The website Right Wing Watch recently unearthed video footage of a speech made by then-Congressman Pence in 2002 before the U.S. House in which they advocated for teaching a form of creationism in public schools, and rejected the scientifically established way human beings came to inhabit our planet, which is through evolution by natural selection.
“The American people deserve to know whether Gov. Pence still thinks religious beliefs should be taught to our children in public school science class as a more plausible theory for human existence,” said Robyn Blumner, CEO of the Center for Inquiry. “He may hold whatever religious beliefs they choose, but advocating that school children be religiously indoctrinated rather than be taught real science will handicap generations of students. They would apparently rather have America lead in biblical knowledge than scientific literacy — a recipe for economic disaster.”
In their 2002 speech, Gov. Pence demonstrated that they do not understand the definition of a theory in the scientific context. They derided evolution as never having been anything “other than a theory,” confusing it with a scientific hypothesis. In fact, a theory in science is not a guess but a well-supported and dependable account of the natural world. Gravity, for instance, is a scientific theory, as is the idea that germs cause disease.
In the speech Gov. Pence misrepresented what were then recent discoveries regarding human origins, demanding that “educators around America teach evolution not as fact,” and asserted that “only the theory of intelligent design [a form of biblical creationism] provides even a remotely rational explanation for the known universe.” In 2009, MSNBC's Chris Matthews asked then-Representative Pence if they believe in evolution, and was unable to get a straight answer, save for a declaration that “God created the heavens and the earth” and a vague reiteration of their position that children should be taught about “all of these controversial areas.”
In the midst of a tumultuous election season, Blumner expressed a concern that the highly consequential anti-science positions of the vice-presidential candidate may be overlooked.
“Gov. Pence has not only vehemently pushed for the teaching of creationism in schools, they have repeated the lies that cigarettes don't cause cancer and that global warming is a ‘myth,'” said Blumner. “The implications of Gov. Pence's views are disastrous, impacting education, public health, and the habitability of our planet. In order to make an informed decision as an electorate, we need to know whether they would still subordinate science to religion, and whether they continue to cling to views that are in conflict with the evidence on the true nature of reality.”
As if to punctuate what has already been a tumultuous and emotional football season for LSU, Mike the Tiger – who many considered to be the living embodiment of the team's spirit – died on Tuesday at the age of 11.
Mike VI was euthanized by theirs attending veterinarian David Baker, ending what may be the world's most famous case of a tiger battling cancer.
"It's an emotional thing," said LSU sophomore Staci Shelby, shortly after hearing the news. "A lot of people associate the tiger with football and school spirit and things like that."
Can't see the video? Click here. (Video by videographer Moe Athmann)
Over the past few months, Mike VI encountered a lot of firsts. They were already one of only two live tigers mascots for a university team in the nation. And in May, the famous feline was diagnosed with a spindle cell sarcoma in their face after caretakers noticed their eye was bulging.
It was thought to be the first such diagnosis of the rare, incurable cancer in a tiger.
Then Mike became the first such tiger to receive treatment for the cancer in an attempt to extend their life.
LSU Vet school officials, in conjunction with the Mary Bird Perkins-Our Lady of the Lake Cancer Center, treated Mike in June with stereotactic radiotherapy, something that is often used for humans but had never been used on a tiger. Stereotactic radio therapy uses a beam of X-rays pinpointing the tumor while providing minimal damage to surrounding cells.
It was a massive undertaking, one that required an after-hours police escort, to anesthetize the 420-pound tiger and bring them across town to the hospital for the treatment.
The treatment was considered an initial success, as scans found the tumor had shrunk. Baker optimistically hoped Mike would live for another year or two.
But two weeks ago, just days after LSU coach Les Miles had been fired, Mike was treated for a sinus infection.
A scan found that the infection was attributed to the resumed growth of the tumor, which started blocking the sinus cavity. The cancer had also aggressively spread throughout the tiger's body. Smaller tumors were found on Mike's neck, hind leg, and throughout their lungs.
Medical staff determined that additional cancer treatments would not save Mike.
Baker, the veterinarian who selected Mike as a cub because of their curious personality and impressive stripes, said they wouldn't be giving any interviews this week about Mike's passing.
But last week, they said in a news conference that Mike would be cremated and housed in the sports museum along with the past two mascots. Baker also said he's begun the search for a new male tiger cub to replace Mike.
Meanwhile, an online petition, started by LSU alum Andrea Amar, already has more than 102,000 signatures asking LSU not to replace the mascot with a live tiger.
"While the university has done a wonderful job improving the quality of the tiger's enclosure, increasing its size and improving the variety of outdoor activities for the tiger, it is cruel to sentence another tiger to a life confined in a limited space only to be allowed outside for display at football games for entertainment," Amar wrote. "Beyond the confinement of one animal, buying tigers encourages the breeding of tiger cubs outside species survival management plans, and feeds into the black market for tiger meat, furs, and tiger bone."
LSU President F. King Alexander told The Advocate recently that they believe a live tiger brings attention to global animal conservation efforts as well as contributes to the tourism efforts of the state. They noted that captive tigers live longer than wild ones and that Mike lives in a generous enclosure.
While LSU students said they had mixed emotions about replacing the tiger, many students on Tuesday were deeply saddened by the tiger's passing.
LSU sophomores and friends Ella Ruth Hill and Victoria Dekerlegand were in their mass communication class when they saw on their phones the news Mike had died.
They watched the news make its way around the room as other students whispered about the latest to one another.
After class the two were among the many who trickled by Mike's empty enclosure, adorned with cards, balloons and flowers from the tiger's many fans.
"With everything that's happened this season, with football and Les and everything, Mike is something that's so precious to the students, and he's so sweet," Hill said.
Dekerlegand added that a live tiger on campus makes LSU unique.
"Mike is a constant," they said. "Nobody else has a live tiger."
LSU Student Government announced it would host a memorial Wednesday in front of the habitat.
"Mike taught us how to fight like tigers and we are forever grateful for the opportunity to make them a part of our lives as LSU students," said Student Government President Zack Faircloth in a statement.
Mike was born on July 23, 2005 and came to LSU when they were two years old.
They were donated to the university by Great Cats of Indiana, a rescue facility, that has since been shut down by the federal and state government.
There is no clear timeline on when the new tiger will be identified, but Baker said Mike VI took about three months to find and bring to LSU.
Mike VI's name was actually a misnomer, because they were truly LSU's seventh tiger mascot. In the 1950s, Mike II died with a few months of coming to LSU, so officials secretly replaced them with a new tiger while insisting it was the same one.
A simple tutorial on how to create a basic Main Menu for Unity.
Content not available.
Please allow cookies by clicking Accept on the banner
This main menu was designed to be simple and universal. It could be used in prototypes, game jams or as a template for more advanced menus.
Firstly create folder “SimpleMainMenu” and make three folders in it named “Prefabs”, “Scenes” and “Scripts”. To do that right click in the Assets window, then click Create→Folder. After you have finished it should look like this.
Save current scene to “Scenes” folder, name it “MainMenu”, this could be done by:
choosing option from File→Save Scene,
Ctrl/Cmd + S
Now create new Canvas in the Hierarchy – right click in Hierarchy window and choose Canvas from the drop-down submenu UI. Change it's properties to:
We simply make it scale with the screen and not to have constant size, because we want to make our menu look good on most types of screens, not only on one.
After Canvas was created add new UI Image to it by right-clicking on it and choosing Image from UI submenu. Change it's name to “BackgroundImage” (click on the default “Image” name, delete it, enter new name and hit Enter key to save it) and it's streach property. To change the streach property click on it, simultaneously hold Alt and Shift keys and choose this option:
It makes our Image automatically change it's size to match the size of the Canvas. After that our “BackgroundImage” properties should look like this:
Now create four empty GameObjects in Canvas GameObject (right-click on Canvas and choose option Create Empty). Name them: “MainMenu”, “PlayMenu”, “Settings” and “Info”. Also change their Anchor(Strech) property to be the same as the “BackgroundImage”. Note that it is important that our new GameObjects should be below our Canvas GameObject, otherwise “BackgroundImage” will be rendered “closer” to the screen and they will not be visible.
After that add four UI Buttons to “MainMenu” GameObject and name them “PlayButton”, “SettingsButton”, “InfoButton”, “ExitButton” (all buttons have a child object Text, you can find it in the Hierarchy). Each button should have size of Width: 200 and Height: 45. Beggining from the first button each of them should have Pos Y = -75 * n, where n = 0, 1, 2, … . First one should be at 0, second at -75, third -150, fourth -225. Text of first button should be “Play”, of second “Settings”, of third “Info” and last “Exit”.
Click on the “ExitButton” in Hierarchy and click Add Component and choose New Script from the list. Name the script “ExitOnClick”. Remember to put that script into “Scripts” folder to keep Assets window clear and organised. After that edit script by clicking twice on it in Assets window or by clicking little gear over that script in Inspector window and choosing Edit Script option. Change it, so it looks like this:
using System.Collections; using System.Collections.Generic; using UnityEngine; public class ExitOnClick : MonoBehaviour { public void ExitGame() { Application.Quit(); } }
The next step is to make our “ExitButton” execute this script, when player clicks on it. To do that click on the plus sign in the On Click () list property. After that drag our button from Hierarchy to this empty field:
From Function drop-down field choose ExitOnClick→ExitGame. After that it should look like this:
“ExitButton” should now work. Let's move onto “InfoButton”, to make it work simply add two On Click () properties fill the first one with “Info” GameObject and the second one with “MainMenu” GameObject. For both objects choose GameObject→SetActive. Check the CheckMark for “Info”. It should look like this:
“InfoButton” will now enable “Info” GameObject and disable “MainMenu” GameObject. Repeat this step for buttons: “SettingsButton”:
and “PlayButton”:
Now add new UI Text for our menu, name it “GameNameText” and change it's properties to:
After that our Main Menu should be done, now it is time to create Play, Settings and Info menus. To begin with click on the “MainMenu” GameObject and set it inactive.
That way it will not be visible, and would not block our view for now. The next step is to create Play Menu, to do that add two buttons to it: “BackButton” and “PlayButton”, change their texts to “Back” and “Play”. Attach “LoadSceneOnClick” script to “PlayButton” and add proper On Click () properties, as shown before for the “InfoButton”.
using System.Collections; using System.Collections.Generic; using UnityEngine; using UnityEngine.SceneManagement; public class LoadSceneOnClick : MonoBehaviour { public void LoadScene(string sceneName) { SceneManager.LoadScene(sceneName); } }
After that set the “PlayMenu” GameObject inactive. Now let's create Settings and Info Menus. They will look the same, because we are only aiming to create a little prototype of a Main Menu. To create them, simply add “BackButton” to them and change it's On Click () property to show and hide that menus.
“BackButton” in Info Menu:
“BackButton” in Serrings Menu should have differnet On Click () property, instead of turning off “Info” GameObject we should turn off “Settings” GameObject. After changing that set Info and Settings Menus inactive and Main Menu active.
This simple Main Menu should be now complete. Drag everything from Hierarchy into the “Prefabs” folder and save scene. If you want you can export it into a Unity Package and use it in other projects. To do that click on Assets→Export Package… select everything and click export. Name the package as you want and put it somewhere on your hard drive.
You can now use this Main Menu in different Unity projects. It can be upgraded by:
adding different graphics for different submenus,
making some effects in the background,
implementing settings,
implementing info menu,
expanding play menu,
making UI animations.
Thank you for reading 🙂
Police officers who opened fire while disrupting a robbery at a fast-food restaurant in Omaha killed a crew member with the long-running TV show "Cops" as well as the suspect, who was armed with a pellet gun that they thought was a real handgun, authorities said Wednesday.
The suspect fired from the pellet gun before officers returned fire, Police Chief Todd Schmaderer said at a news conference. They said witnesses and officers thought the robbery suspect's Airsoft handgun looked and sounded real, but discovered later that it fires only plastic pellets.
"Cops" is a reality TV show that has depicted law enforcement officers in action since it premiered in 1989. According to its website, the show has been filmed in at least 140 U.S. cities and three foreign countries.
The suspect, whom police identified as 32-year-old Cortez Washington, was struck by the officers' gunfire, but fled outside of the restaurant before collapsing. Officers continued firing on the suspect as they exited the restaurant, and that was when the "Cops" crew member, 38-year-old Bryce Dion, was also struck, said Schamaderer.
Dion was wearing a bulletproof vest, but a single bullet that hit their arm "slipped into a gap in the vest" and went into their chest, Schmaderer said.
"My concern with my officers is that they are taking this very hard," Schmaderer said. "Bryce was their friend."
Schmaderer said video captured by the cameraman who was with Dion shows the chaotic situation in the restaurant. Police released still shots from the video showing a hooded and masked person pointing what looks like a gun at police. Schmaderer said police would not release the full video, but that it will be part of the grand jury investigation into the shooting.
Schmaderer said Washington had a lengthy criminal record, including an accessory to robbery conviction from Missouri for which they were on parole. They moved to Nebraska in September 2013, and their parole was due to expire in June 2017.
Schmaderer said the incident began when one of the officers, on their way to another reported robbery, called to request backup for the robbery at the Wendy's. The "Cops" crew members were with two officers who responded to that request.
When police entered the restaurant and confronted the suspect, Dion, who was the sound operator, got separated from the cameraman, Schmaderer said.
Executives with Langley Productions said this was the first time one of their crew members has been fatally shot while filming. The show started on Fox in 1989 and is now shown on the Spike network.
In 2010, a TV crew for the A&E reality show "The First 48" recorded a Detroit police raid in which a 7-year-old girl was accidentally killed by an officer. That incident highlighted concerns about whether TV cameras influence police behavior, perhaps encouraging showboating.
Schmaderer on Wednesday bristled at a reporter's question about whether their officers overreacted knowing that cameras were recording them, calling the suggestion "absolutely ridiculous." They said the video of Tuesday's shooting shows the officers reacted properly.
Schmaderer said they accepted the invitation from "Cops" to film in Omaha in the name of transparency. But they also expressed regret at the outcome.
"Personally, I will live with this forever," Schmaderer said. "If I'd have known that this would happen, of course, I wouldn't have done it."
Executives for Langley Productions, President John Langely and Executive Producer Morgan Langley, attended the police news conference in Omaha and agreed that police there had acted professionally.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
John Langley said the crew had been filming all summer in Omaha and had only one week left when the deadly shooting happened.
"Bryce has been with us for seven years," said Morgan Langley, who hired Dion. "This is very hard for us."
I was introduced to the work of Naomi Klein when we heard that they would be presenting at the University of Regina regarding their new book, The Shock Doctrine: The Rise of Disaster Capitalism . A few of us quickly read the book before the lecture (and a few more afterwards) and were quite impressed with the strength and applicability of the conceptual model. They were an excellent speaker who was both active and educated on a variety of important topics.
As a person who is easily overwhelmed by intense visual and auditory stimuli, I have always been strongly aware of advertiser bombardment. I was quite interested when I learned that Naomi Klein had risen to fame due to an earlier book, No Logo . Years later, I have taken the time to read the book and take notes, and I am glad that I did.
No Logo covers a variety of important and interconnected societal issues through which we feel the effects of branding. Klein does an excellent job of pointing out and illustrating that the corporate threads in our lives go deeper than our clothing.
Brands above all
An overarching theme of the book is the transformed role of branding both for the corporations producing it and for our society. Advertising has developed in western society along with manufacturing. Throughout the industrial era, advertising has been used as a way to distinguish mass produced products from one another. There has always been a struggle to place regulatory limits on the types of claims that can be made in advertising. However, as Klein points out, we have entered an age where the ‘lifestyle brand‘ dominates.
A lifestyle brand is an attempt to make a corporate brand part of the identity of a person or group. People already identify very strongly with their employment, ethnicity, religion, and socio-economic status. Lifestyle brands often attempt to create similar cultural connections. Their goal is to become another way that people use to relate to one another. Lifestyle brands are an attempt to sell an identity, or an image, rather than a product. Advertisers for lifestyle brands make an effort to call attention to who would use this product or what ideals it represents, as opposed to what the product actually does.
Investors today favour brands that can transcend their products and become a “free-standing meaning”. I would label this practice ‘Brand Shamanism”; investors are worshipping the brand for brand's sake, with the hope that consumers will do so as well. Investors have good reason to expect that this will lead to greater profits. The ability to manipulate consumers and fabricate the perception of value is the core of a lifestyle brand and of a lifestyle corporation.
While securing great profits from the market, these actions are harmful to the economy in the long run. Wealth is misallocated to inferior goods. Additionally, bubbles of positive perception can be deflated quickly. Practices like this bring to mind the recent financial collapse, where so much value collapsed when investors stopped believing unreasonable things, and the world economy fell into recession.
Lifestyle brands try to present themselves as more of a culture than a consumer good. Rather than making factual (and falsifiable) claims that may be subject to government regulation, lifestyle branding tries to convince you that their brand is the embodiment of a set of values or aspirations that you desire. In practice, this can be as simple as presenting the product in a fun situation with attractive people enjoying themselves. Most cigarette and alcohol advertisements of the last several decades are good examples of this approach. Companies rely heavily on repetition to embed complex, subtle, and nuanced perceptions of their brand in the minds of the public.
It is not only lifestyle brands that make use of extensive branding and advertising tactics. However, they make the most effective use of the power of advertising and branding, turning low quality products into ‘must have' social symbols without producing appropriate tangible benefits. Branding is used to let physically inferior products masquerade as superior ones in the eyes of consumers and investors alike. A lifestyle brand perpetuates its profits and popularity with branding, not with product quality.
Where did the lifestyle brand come from? Klein points out an important event in the early 1990s known as Marlboro Friday as a likely catalyst for the rise of the lifestyle brand. On that day, Marlboro cut their prices significantly to compete with with less well-known brands on the basis of price. By performing this action they were essentially admitting that they were not actually better than the generic brands in any substantial way. Their stocks fell harshly as a result of both the price drop and the loss of reputation of their brand.
Because of this, it was believed by some investors and executives that brands were dead, that the era of the value brand had come. While many once popular brands saw a steady decline in profile and profits after this time, many of today's most well known brands were just ramping up. This is what separated our Nikes from our Tides. While both are brands, Nike cultivated itself as a lifestyle brand, while nobody aspires to the ‘Tide lifestyle'.
This was a pointed lesson for companies who had developed a name for themselves in their specific field. Companies had to choose between competing more and more on a price and quality basis or whether they would redouble their branding efforts and become transcendent ‘lifestyle brands'. A quality company may still advertise, but their advertising budget will not increase the order of magnitude required to become a lifestyle brand. A company can generally not afford to pursue both expensive tactics while still remaining profitable enough to satisfy shareholders.
Lifestyle brands are one of the most important concepts explored in No Logo. They have drastic implications for the structure of advertising and the market system. Future articles in this series will explore related issues such as the poor pay found in both the retail industry that sells branded products and the factories of the developing world where the products are produced. At its core, creating a lifestyle brand is a game of subtle psychology. Embedding the central ‘ideal' and ‘philosophy' of a lifestyle brand into the public psyche requires an increased rate of repetition of exposure to branding.
Being raised and educated in Canada, I was fortunate enough to be given a grade school education in the advertising techniques used to mislead consumers. No Logo has helped me to enhance my media literacy, allowing me to become a more sceptical and thoughtful consumer and citizen. The book has also provided a lot of compelling material that relates the brand issue to a number of pressing social and economic issues.
Stay tuned for our further work on lifestyle brands and the deleterious side-effects of product production, distribution, and advertising.
Syrian refugee children and low-income Canadian children living in the Lower Mainland will be fully equipped for the 2016 school year.
At least that's Jenny Kwan's holiday wish. The Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship critic for the NDP joined a group of B.C. activists in a press conference where they launched of the Backpack Project, a fundraising initiative whose main goal is to donate 2,000 backpacks and school supplies to elementary school students in need.
The project is led by the Syrian Canadian Council, Child Aid International and HumanKind, which is the humanitarian arm of the Az-Zahraa Islamic Centre located in Richmond. They want to collect $72,000 in order to purchase the 2,000 bags, as well as pencils, pens, thermoses, folders and so on. With the help of HumanKind, they will also be accepting in-kind donations and they hope to reach their goal by the summer of next year.
According to Kwan, the group referred to the federal government's estimates in order to calculate how many items and how much money they'll need. They said that B.C. is expected to receive almost 3,000 Syrian refugees and, of those, at least 40 per cent will be children.
At the same time, the MP for Vancouver East acknowledged that thousands of children live in poverty in the province, and particularly in their community. “We are the lowest income riding, the poorest riding in the entire country, so there is a tremendous need, no question, in terms of inner city children in our communities. So that's a good starting point to go from, and I also think that's one of the reasons why I was approached,” they said.
Once they reach their goal, the organizations will approach local schools and refugee families in order to make the donation. “These backpacks represent our commitment to give those kids who are coming to Canada and those who are already here a brighter future,” HumanKind's representative Kaniz Bhimani said. They expressed concern about the fact that many of refugee kids have been out of school for years due the ongoing civil war in Syria.
Kwan wants feds to commit
On a different but still related topic, Kwan referred to the Immigration minister's announcement stating that the federal government might not reach its goal of receiving 10,000 Syrian refugees by December 31.
“I'm not surprised to hear that at all,” they said. “If you look at the government website on the updated information on how many Syrian refugees have arrived to Canada, how many are in process, just looking at those numbers it was an indication to me that it was doubtful that the government would actually meet those targets.”
The MP said that if the Liberals wanted to reach their objectives, they would have to bring 200 refugees on four flights everyday from today until the end of the month. Since they don't see that happening, they stated that the important thing is that feds fulfil their promise to bring 25,000 refugees in 2016.
It's happening again. It looks like the University of Maryland is about to pay millions of dollars to its football coach so they can fire them a year early, and proceed to hire a new football coach and pay them millions of dollars. All this at a time when the university is desperately strapped for cash, after years of hiring freezes, salary freezes, and unpaid furloughs for its employees.
What's truly astonishing is that U. Maryland did exactly the same thing just four years ago, and it has been a complete disaster. Here's how I described the scenario in 2011, when I was still a professor there:
Pay $2 million to buy out the old coach, Ralph Friedgen, and hire a new one, Randy Edsall who will presumably boost attendance and revenue.
Hire Edsall for $2 million per year, who then produced a losing season (2 wins, 10 losses), leaving games with even lower attendance than before.
Because football is still losing money, get rid of 8 other varsity sports.
Yes, they really did eliminate 8 other sports in order to invest more in football. Here's what they cut: men's cross-country, indoor track, outdoor track, men's swimming and diving, men's tennis, women's acrobatics and tumbling, women's swimming and diving, and women's water polo.
None of this produced any tangible benefits, either financial or academic.
Now let's look at what U. Maryland is about to do now, after several embarrassing blowout losses this season:
Pay $4.7 million to buy out the current coach, Randy Edsall. That's $2.1 million for the rest of this season and $2.6 million for next year.
Hire a new football coach and pay them at least as much as the old coach.
Continue to impose unpaid furloughs and pay freezes on academic staff across the board.
Wow, this investment in football really seems to be working for U. Maryland.
What the heck is the U. Maryland president, Wallace Loh, thinking?
Loh originally hired Edsall just a month after they (Loh) joined the university. One might attempt to explain this as a rookie error made by a new president. But this time they have no such excuse.
U. Maryland is by no means alone in its misguided emphasis on football. In 2012, the University of Florida announced it was eliminating its Computer Science program while simultaneously increasing the football budget. The ensuing outcry (spurred in part by my Forbes blog) convinced the administration to back down, but at the time they saw no irony in their plan to cut science education and spend more on football.
Listen, sports fans: football is not the reason we have universities. Universities exist to provide education, no matter what the (sometimes rabid) football boosters may say. Some American universities (hello U. Chicago!*) do extremely well without having a team at all. Outside the U.S., universities have no major sports programs at all–the students enjoy sports, as all young people do, but the universities focus on what they do best.
Yes, I know the arguments on the other side. “Football makes a profit,” some claim. To that I would say, so what? Universities could make a profit running a casino too – should they do that?
But just for the sake of argument, let's accept the premise that football is profitable. Great! In that case, we can spin off the teams as private corporations, and let them pay to use the university logos, stadiums, etc. The teams can pay the players, as any professional team must, and the students and alumni can continue to cheer on "their" teams, just as residents of Baltimore cheer for "their" professional, privately owned Ravens team.
Let's face it: university administrations are simply not equipped to run a major sports and entertainment business, which is what college football is. The spectable of U. Maryland spending $4.7 million simply to buy out its current football coach, when the university is desperately trying to save money for its core mission, demonstrates how corrupting the influence of football has become.
Even worse is the shameful abuse of the players, who serve as unpaid laborers while their coaches make millions. "We give them a free education," administrators and coaches respond. Yeah, right. College football is a multi-billion dollar industry, in which the athletes at the center of the game are prohibited from taking any money. Just pay them, and they can decide if they want to pay tuition with their own money.
If we make college football private, everyone wins. Universities keep their football revenue, the fans get their team, and the university no longer has to pretend that it's educating its unpaid football players. We could even set up the system so that players were given a proper academic scholarship after their playing days were over, which for most of them is just a few years. And perhaps best of all, the players would earn the paychecks they deserve.
Otherwise, expect me to write another article in about five years, in which I will describe yet again how the University of Maryland (or some other school) is paying millions of dollars to buy out the contract of their football coach, while the school's academic mission is ignored.
*In 1939, the president of the University of Chicago courageously eliminated the football program, once one of the best in the nation, in order to focus on academics. The university reinstated the program in the 1960s, but in a much lower-profile fashion, first as a club and later as a Division III team.
Also on Forbes:
If you try really hard, you can refine gold out of garbage old computer parts. But that's not the weirdest place you can find precious metals, not by a long shot. If you're looking for platinum, for example, you need look no further than the dirt on the side of a major roadway.
What is platinum doing there? It's coming from the catalytic converters in all the passing cars, and while there aren't exactly chunks of it just laying around, it is there and you can get it out as Cody from Cody's Lab has taken the time to prove.
Just as with their gold refining experiments, this isn't exactly practical. Cody found that a cupful or roadside dirt was enough to make a bead of platinum that's barely even visible, and that's after a considerable amount of science-ing. By Cody's calculations, you'd have to process a literal ton of dust before you could get a sizable yield of about seven grams.
There's pretty much no way this could be profitable, even considering that there's some silver in there too. It's no wonder there isn't a huge market for highway dirt. Still, it's remarkable what you can find just lying around on the side of the road.
Source: Cody's Lab
Copyright trolling in Poland has taken on a sinister twist. A local journalist informs TorrentFreak that as many as 300 people have had their computers seized by police over an alleged movie download four years ago. Furthermore, the lawyer involved in this case is currently subject to a disciplinary inquiry after some of their copyright work was seen as potentially undermining trust in the legal profession.
Late October 2016, we reported on an alarming situation in Poland, where police had visited hundreds of homes across the country, seizing computers alleged to have been involved in the sharing of a comedy movie titled “Screwed“.
In some cases, police reportedly advised suspects to settle with copyright holders rather than face legal action, something critics felt was particularly inappropriate in an unproven copyright case. Now it appears that history is repeating itself in the region, with people being targeted over downloads of a local thriller titled “Drogówka”.
While this is of concern in itself, the alleged offenses took place via BitTorrent way back in 2013, four whole years ago. Local journalist Marcin Maj at Bezprawnik, who's also an IT security instructor at Niebezpiecznik, has been documenting the activities of copyright trolls in Poland for some time. They picked up the story this week after they learned that police had seized an alleged file-sharer's computer.
After speaking with local police, they subsequently discovered that 200 to 300 other people had been given the same treatment.
Maj says that after presenting a long list of questions to authorities, they learned that these seizures have been going on continuously for about a year, following a criminal complaint filed by a law firm. It's that this point that the uncomfortable nature of this whole operation becomes apparent.
“In 2013-2014, lawyer Artur Glass-Brudziński reported numerous copyright infringements (movie sharing) to the prosecutor's office, and the prosecutor's office started to identify people behind the indicated IP addresses,” Maj informs TF.
“It's important to understand that in the Polish legal system, it's impossible to sue someone who is unknown to a plaintiff [John Doe]. But you can always start a criminal proceeding.”
Such a criminal proceeding was filed in 2014 but it appears that Glass-Brudziński used the process to gain a secondary advantage.
“As a barrister of the [copyright holder], Artur Glass-Brudziński had access to the prosecutor's documentation. So they used this to obtain identified names and addresses, without waiting for the end of the criminal proceeding. Those people were just witnesses, but Glass-Brudziński sent thousands of letters to them, suggesting they are suspects, which was not true,” Maj says.
So, in effect, a criminal action was used to gain access to personal details that were subsequently used in civil actions. That's completely legal and quite common in Poland but many view the process as problematic.
“Polish lawyers see this as something not quite ethical,” Maj reports. “Now Glass-Brudziński faces a disciplinary court because their letters were quite misleading. Regardless of that, however, criminal proceedings are still underway.”
A hearing took place before the Disciplinary Court November 13 but a resolution will take some time to reach since there around 80 people involved in the case. In the meantime the current criminal case continues, with several problems.
For example, it's quite likely that many people will have changed their computers since 2013, but the police are required to seize the ones people currently have. Also, Maj reports that after speaking to people who received demands for cash payment, many report having had nothing to do with the alleged offenses. But there is a broader problem around such cases in general.
As we reported last year, prosecutors admit that they do not verify the technical processes that the copyright holders use to identify the alleged infringers, meaning that hundreds of members of the public are subjected to property seizures based on untested evidence.
“Polish prosecutors often decide to seize computers just because they got an IP address list from a lawyer. Sometimes even prosecutors don't want to do that, but copyright owners complain to the courts, and the courts issue an order to seize machines. That's deeply absurd,” Maj says.
“Many times I have asked prosecutors if they check the method used to track pirates. Many times I have asked prosecutors if they have found evidence on every seized computer. The answers? No. They don't check the method of tracking pirates, and evidence is found only ‘sometimes'.”
There are clearly mounting problems in Poland with both evidence and discovery-based loopholes providing copyright holders with a significant advantage. While questionable, it's currently all legal, so it seems likely that as long as ‘victims' can gain access to private information via criminal cases, the cash threats will continue. It's a topic covered in a report compiled by Maj and the Modern Poland Foundation (Polish, pdf)
“Computer seizures and our report were discussed in the lower house of the Polish parliament in 2016, at the meeting of the Commision of Digitalization, Innovation and New Technologies. Many politicians are aware of the problem and they declare we should do something to stop bullying and seizures. Unfortunately, it all ended with was declarations,” Maj concludes.
Americans' Jamie Schaafsma (22) celebrates with the Kelly Cup after Game 7 of the ECHL Kelly Cup Finals at the Allen Events Center in Allen, on Sunday, June 14, 2015. The Allen Americans defeated the South Carolina Stingrays 6-1 in game 7 to win the championship. (Vernon Bryant/The Dallas Morning News)
ALLEN -- The greatest hockey team ever assembled won five consecutive Stanley Cups in the 1950s.
That Montreal team featured nine Hall of Famers, plus a Hall of Fame coach. For five consecutive seasons starting in 1955-56, those Canadiens led the NHL in goals. For five consecutive seasons, those Canadiens also allowed the fewest goals in the NHL.
Montreal had the best center (Jean Beliveau), the best defenseman (Doug Harvey) and the best goaltender (Jacques Plante) in hockey, and the Canadiens were never pressed in the Stanley Cup playoffs. Not a single best-of-7 series went the distance as Montreal posted a 40-9 postseason record on the way to those five Stanley Cups.
No team at any level of professional hockey has won five consecutive championships since those Canadiens. But Montreal could soon have some company.
The Allen Americans begin the quest for a fifth consecutive cup this postseason. The Americans won the Presidents Cup as champions of the Central Hockey League in 2013 and 2014. After the ECHL absorbed seven CHL teams, Allen stepped up to a higher level of competition and won consecutive Kelly Cups in 2015 and 2016.
But there's a difference between winning five titles in the NHL and winning five at the Double-A level. In the NHL, you can build a championship roster and keep it. And that's what Montreal did. There were 10 Canadiens who played on all five of those Stanley Cup champions, including seven of the Hall of Famers.
Allen doesn't have that luxury. Not a single player remains from the Allen team that won that first CHL title in 2013.
Only two players remain from the Allen team that won that second CHL title in 2014, forwards Spencer Asuchak and Greger Hanson. Only seven players remain from the team that won the first ECHL title in 2015. There are 13 players this season who weren't on the team that won the fourth consecutive title in 2016.
Allen isn't Montreal.
"In the NHL, they can sign guys long term and replace a few players each year," said Americans captain Chad Costello. "Here, we keep a few guys and pretty much replace the whole team every year. It speaks volumes about the recruiting done by Coach [Steve] Martinson."
In addition to coaching the Americans, Martinson serves as the de facto general manager, personnel director and recruiter. He's the guy responsible for finding the players each season to fill out their roster and compete for championships. In the ECHL, no one does it better.
When the Americans moved to the ECHL, Martinson recruited the best goaltender in the league (Riley Gill) and the best scorer (Chad Costello). They have provided the backbone of this championship run. Gill has backstopped the last three ECHL championship teams -- also Reading in 2014 -- and Costello has led the ECHL in scoring all three of their seasons in Allen. They were the league MVP a year ago.
"If you play for the Allen Americans, you're held to a high standard," Gill said. "It's a winning team and you're expected to win. Marty brings winners to the table here. If you're not producing, you're out of here. There's definitely a high standard."
Still, the Americans have entered the playoffs as the top seed only once in these last five seasons. That was in 2013. And they haven't coasted to titles like the 1950s Canadiens. The Americans captured their first Presidents Cup on an overtime goal by Todd Robinson in the seventh game of the championship finals against Wichita.
Two years ago in their first ECHL playoffs, the Americans needed to rally from a 3-1 deficit in games against Ontario in the semifinals, then outlasted South Carolina in seven games in the championship round. Last postseason, the Americans survived a seven-game scare in the opening round against Idaho, rallying from a 3-2 deficit in games and winning the finale in overtime.
There's a resiliency to these Americans. The coach knows how to win. Martinson has won 10 championships in their 20 seasons as a minor league hockey coach. They know what works and brings in players who can thrive in their fast-paced style of play.
"It's like signing with the Yankees," Costello said. "Our jersey has meant something these last five years. Players see themselves in that jersey and winning. Hockey players like to win. It brings the best players here and then brings out the best in them."
Allen trailed the Colorado Eagles in the Mountain Division by seven points on March 23. But the Americans closed the season on a 15-0-1 run to win the division going away and, with 104 points, enter the playoffs as the second seed.
Costello led the ECHL in scoring by a whopping 34 points and Gill led the league with seven shutouts. Both were named first-team All-ECHL, as was defenseman David Makowski. The Americans have five recent 30-goal scorers on the roster, and defenseman Joel Chouinard led the ECHL in plus-minus at plus-47.
"Allen has been pretty special the last few years," Martinson said. "It's been a pretty good run, and it doesn't look like it's going to let up any time soon."
Twitter: @RickGosselin9
Advertisement
Banging their heads against the wall in despair and peering forlornly through the bars of their godforsaken cages, these are the inmates of the world's saddest zoo.
The planet's worst animal park is probably also its smallest.
Just three lions, two bears and two guinea pigs live out their boring, hunger-filled days in tiny cages, displaying all the signs of creatures slowly being driven mad by their unnatural existence.
They are the residue of a billionaire's whim, bought as entertainment by an Armenian oligarch to underwrite their ego and parade before their friends in themed jungle parties.
Scroll down for video
Left to rot: One of the starving bears who have been abandoned inside the world's worst zoo once owned by an Armenian oligarch who bought them as entertainment to parade before their friends in themed jungle parties before vanishing while reportedly fleeing mobsters
One of the lions bangs their head against their cage wall, displaying all the signs of a creature being driven mad by their unnatural existence
Malnourished: The zoo is in the Armenian town of Gyumri – but it has been over two years since it saw a paying guest
But the parties, along with the cash to care for the poor beasts, vanished at the same time as their owner.
Now the animals scrape along on a starvation diet of slaughterhouse scraps and scavenged woodland plants brought to them by an elderly couple fighting hard to keep them alive.
The zoo is in the Armenian town of Gyumri – the place where the family of Armenian-American reality stars the Kardashians hails from – but it has been over two years since it saw a paying guest.
The ragged, hungry and bewildered tenants – lioness Mary, seven, and their cubs Geeta, four, and Zita, two, along with bears Masha, four, and Grisha, nine – are cared for by an elderly couple who simply stumbled upon them one day.
Sad sight: A bear stares forlornly through the bars of its tiny cage in the desperate hope food may eventually come its way
Forlorn: The ragged, hungry and bewildered tenants – lioness Mary, seven, and their cubs Geeta, four, and Zita, two, along with bears Masha, four, and Grisha, nine – are cared for by an elderly couple who simply stumbled upon them one day
Starving: The animals scrape along on a diet of slaughterhouse scraps brought to them by an elderly couple fighting to keep them alive
In Limbo: The civic authorities refuse to take on any responsibility for the animal and the whereabouts of their former owner is unknown
Occasionally a vet may pop in to examine the animals from outside the cages. But no-one has any money to pay for a proper examination
Desperate for scraps: The animals are looked after by an elderly couple who barely have enough money for themselves
The civic authorities refuse to take on any responsibility for them and the whereabouts of their former owner is unknown.
It is left to a dirt-poor pair of pensioners named Hovhamnes and Alvina Madoyan to care for them.
Hovhamnes said: 'I lost my job. I had nothing, my wife and I were walking by the deserted zoo when we heard these terrible cries of animals in torment.
'We came in to see the lioness and their cub literally frothing at the mouths from lack of water.
'My wife and I can't bear to see God's creatures in pain. We fetched water from them and then organised some meat from a local slaughterman.
'That is how we scrape by, feeding them what we can muster. It is the same for the bears. We moved into an old shed near the lion enclosure to be near to them five months ago.'
A bear reaches out to grab a fish held by two pensioners who have taken it upon themselves to feed the starving animals
'God's creatures in pain': Pensioners Hovhamnes and Alvina Madoyan try their best to care for the animals after they were abandoned
They added: 'They are sad and lonely and, when they can be bothered, pace up and down their cages, showing the signs of being driven mad by boredom and inactivity.
'We cannot get anyone to help them. The previous owner was stuck in some kind of feud with local mobsters, the government doesn't want to get involved and it is the animals who suffer.'
Their wife Alvina went on: 'I get up every morning and go into the woods to find food for the bears, but it is never enough.
'If I am lucky, some people donate some oats and cereal which we can make into a kind of porridge for them.
'They are deeply unhappy, spending hours swaying to and fro, to and fro, because they have been slowly driven mad by their incarceration.
'Last week, we were lucky to have been given the body of a baby foal to feed to the lions. It is not often they get a feast that big.'
Ramshackle: Pensioners Hovhamnes and Alvina Madoyan outside the zoo in the Armenian town of Gyumri
Life in danger: There are fears that the harsh winter might prove lethal for the lion cubs at the zoo in Armenia
Once in a while, a vet might pop in to examine the animals from outside the cages. But no-one has any money to pay for a proper examination.
Sussex-based animal welfare group International Animal Rescue are trying to raise awareness of the zoo's plight in the hope action will be taken by the authorities in Armenia, but the group is not raising funds themselves.
The group, which has animal sanctuaries for endangered orangutans in Borneo, is concerned that a harsh winter might prove lethal for the lion cubs.
A spokesperson said: 'The fate of these animals should not be dependent on the philanthropy of an elderly couple who barely have enough for themselves.
'It is vital that they are moved to a place where they can be better cared for.'
Mitch Marner has already played four seasons of junior hockey, regardless of what the calendar states.
Most hockey fans know of the CHL-NHL agreement, which decrees that a prospect drafted from major junior cannot be assigned to a minor-pro league until their 20-year-old season. The junior leagues make exceptions at the intake point—for example, the Hockey Canada exceptional-player status rule‚ but, oddly enough, there are no exceptions for leaving early. So the hockey politics behind why Marner can only play for the Toronto Maple Leafs or in the OHL next season is as clear as the reality that the 19-year-old right winger rates a bump up to some higher league after leading London to the MasterCard Memorial Cup with 14 points across four games.
Marner's dominance ought to be a jumping-off point to talk about bringing the agreement into the 21st century. There is nothing mendacious behind the leagues' pact, but media shouldn't accept the premise that it is player-friendly.
The deal was struck many moons ago in response to the NHL lowering the draft age from 20 to 18. Junior leagues, at that time, were feeling the burn from the 1970s-era WHA signing North American teenagers. It is nice to think that the hockey world could at least talk about how the four-year rule, especially now that top prospects play so much extra hockey on top of their club season.
One tweak would be to base minor-pro eligibility on how many games a prospect logs in extra competitions before the end of their 18-year-old season. Only a small handful of prospects would be effected in a given season, and they would be able to return to junior, if necessary.
A pore over Marner's Elite Prospects page hints at how the rule is self-serving for the CHL and Hockey Canada—and might undermine the former's stated role as a developmental league. Sunday's Memorial Cup final marked the 62nd ‘extra' game for Marner outside of the regular season. The Thornhill, Ont., sensation has played 19 Junior A playoff games, 38 post-season contests for London, five world junior championship games and two in the annual CHL-Russia Super Series.
Arizona Coyotes top prospect Dylan Strome, the Erie Otters captain, has tallied 54 extra games without having even played in a Memorial Cup. Knights alumnus and Arizona winger Max Domi accumulated 63 during their first three seasons in London.
The last draft pick in the OHL before Marner who was way too good for the league was Ryan Ellis. The current Nashville Predators defenceman skated in 63 extra games during their first three seasons with the Windsor Spitfires.
CHL commissioner David Branch told The Canadian Press last week that NHL clubs aren't clamouring for a rule change. However, the question pertains to junior hockey. It was also an odd answer. Branch doesn't take cues from the NHL, and has been far more progressive on problems such as checks to the head and needless and/or staged fights. It has, however, followed the NHL's lead on shootouts, trapezoids and 3-on-3 overtime.
Defenders of the agreement tend to say that no one is ever hurt by having to spend an extra season in junior. That is mostly true, but are they thinking about the greater good?
John Tavares had 72 goals and 134 points with Oshawa as a 16-year-old, and still played two more years of junior. (Dave Abel/Getty Images)
The Christian Dvorak-Matthew Tkachuk-Marner line, which factored into all of London's scoring in Sunday's 3-2 overtime win against the Rouyn-Noranda Huskies, was simply breathtaking. Like Wilt Chamberlain in the early-1960s NBA, they broke the game. London's four-month rampage—winning 37 of their final 42 games with an average goal differential of 2.55—attests to their awesomeness. It also feels like Exhibit A for why it's in the OHL's interest to help that rare 19-year-old who is too dominant for junior but perhaps not ready for 70-some NHL games experience a new challenge.
The OHL, as great a team as the Knights are, didn't receive a net benefit from having its least competitive playoffs in decades. Six of the last seven series were sweeps. The Memorial Cup didn't get interesting until Sunday. Marner returning to the OHL, hypothetically, could create a trickle-down whereby other players might be denied top-end minutes.
Last week, one NHL writer stated next season's 16-year-old cohort in the OHL will be better off in the long run if they play against Marner. That does not wash. The skill gap would be a little too big, and besides, most OHL coaches don't put their rookies on the ice against superstars.
The NHL surely knows it's a bad look to pressure the CHL to let players go early, yet it has found a use for teenagers who are not affected by the rule going to the AHL or European leagues. Marner's Maple Leafs first-round predecessor, William Nylander, has already played one-and-a-half seasons with the AHL Toronto Marlies after being drafted out of Sweden. The captain of WJC-winning Team Finland, Mikko Rantanen, played the bulk of their club season with the Colorado Avalanche's AHL affiliate.
Having just turned 20 on May 1, Nylander already has 97 games of AHL and NHL experience under their belt. (Craig Abel/Getty)
Point being, the CHL and Hockey Canada—which has just one WJC gold medal in the past seven years—should be open to adjusting.
Hence the notion that instead of hard-and-fast, four-year rule, minor-pro eligibility should be based on how many of those extra games top prospects incur from age 15 through 18. That's just a suggestion. Greater minds can determine the criteria. Studying how many junior and pro-level contests the typical NHL first-rounder from the CHL plays on top of their regular season is good data to have, like Canada's long-form census. It would also be more fan-friendly if the league's customers had more clarity about the possibility of a 19-year-old top prospect coming back.
The powers that be never mind changing rules for good players. The OHL used to forbid trading first-rounders. Eric Lindros's refusal to join Sault Ste. Marie in 1989 hastened a rule change. The exceptional-player rule was created when John Tavares came down the pike in 2005.
The greatness of Marner's game is that they seldom takes the easy way out. The only box they still have to check off at the junior level, of course, would be to lead Team Canada to a gold medal in the 2017 world juniors. It might actually work to the benefit of Hockey Canada and the CHL if they conceded a handful of 19-year-olds would be more prepped for the WJC if they were fast-tracked to a men's league.
Call that a win-win-win. That is well short of the 17 wins in a row London ran off to finish the season, but it's more promising than hockey politics as usual.
“Street Rounds” with Dr. Jim O'Connell
We're on a short Open Source field trip to someplace between Boston Noir and Boston the medical mecca. We're walking from the Massachusetts General Hospital on a crooked path to South Station, meeting people that our eyes and yours might normally never see. These are Friday morning “outdoor rounds” with Doctor Jim O'Connell of Boston Health Care for the Homeless, whose patients are mostly alcoholic men with other mental and bodily afflictions, very sick people who often say they prefer the street to shelter living. Jim O'Connell has been at this work for 30 years. They made a habit early on of washing the feet of their patients – as a gesture of their servant-hood – but also as a sort of diagnostic device: what paths have their patients been on? When you're looking for models of the doctor – patient relationship, it's a pleasure to watch an esteemed Boston doc giving every one of their needy patients the same claim on their time and skill, treating, touching, and comforting people that the rest of us can manage not to see at all.
It was spotted more than 23-storeys high but the graffiti, spray painted in red on the service level at the top of an HDB block in Toa Payoh, was hard to miss.
People in the area were first drawn to the incident on Wednesday morning when a group of police officers were spotted at the foot of Block 85A Lorong 4 Toa Payoh attending to the case.
Photos of the graffiti, seemingly directed at the People's Action Party (PAP), quickly went viral after they were posted online.
Bryan, a motorist who sent citizen journalism website Stomp some of those photos, said they were driving by Toa Payoh when they saw police officers and a crowd gathered at the block. "I looked up and spotted the graffiti," they said. "How did the person even get up there in the first place?"
Before I came to Red Hat, I used to work for a Red Hat partner as a consultant and architect. During that time, I was involved in quite a few situations where I had to help people move from one platform to another, most often from some flavor of Unix to Red Hat Enterprise Linux. As Linux is the de facto standard platform for many development teams, it seemed to make sense to translate some of that experience into a document that can help others make the switch to Linux as a development platform. After the team got many requests for a more advanced version of our original Linux Commands Cheat Sheet we set off to create this document a couple of weeks ago and today we present the result: the Advanced Linux Command Cheat Sheet
Next Game: Marygrove College 11/11/2016 | 7:00 PM ESPN3 Bronco Radio Network
- All 13 active Broncos scored as Western Michigan men's basketball rolled to a 108-57 exhibition win over visiting Kalamazoo College Saturday.WMU's top two returning scorers, juniorand senior, played limited minutes (11 and 15, respectively), and junior centerdid not dress, as they still are working their way back from an offseason injury. With the veterans on the bench, there was plenty of opportunity for the younger players to shine."It was good to twist the cap off the season," said WMU head coach. "We needed to go through a game-day, with the game-day routine. It kind of worked out well that some of the upperclassmen got into foul trouble so we were able to get the freshmen a lot of minutes. As the game progressed, I thought we got more comfortable on the floor and that was key."Freshmanjoined Wilder, Haymond, and sophomoresandin the starting lineup. Johnson made their presence felt early, throwing down the first of several WMU dunks in the game. Johnson logged the most minutes of the freshmen, recording 17 points and seven rebounds in 26 minutes.Redshirtwas also explosive, scoring a game-high 25 points on 8-of-10 shooting, going 4-for-4 from beyond the arc. Kennedy and first-year studenthad University Arena on its feet midway through the second half. Jones had a big put-back dunk and then Kennedy stole the ball on the defensive side of the floor and hammered down a tomahawk jam on the breakaway.The Broncos heavily out-matched the Hornets in terms of athleticism and forced Kalamazoo into 32 turnovers. Western Michigan led at the half, 49-12. The second half margin was not as wide, WMU outscoring K-College, 59-45, but the game in general was slowed down by fouls and free throws. WMU and Kalamazoo combined to shoot 82 free throws on the afternoon."If you were here today, you can definitely see that we are a much more athletic team than we have been in years past," Hawkins said. "We can extend our pressure a lot more. Of all the things I saw today, I was probably most pleased with our tenacity. K-College does a lot of things away from the ball, and our guys had to fight through screens. Many of the mistakes we made were able to cover up with our athleticism."The 2016-17 season officially begins for the Broncos with a home game against Marygrove next Friday, Nov. 11 at 7 p.m. WMU travels to Rochester, Mich., for its first away game, Nov. 14, renewing the series with in-state Horizon League counterpart Oakland. Following the Oakland contest, WMU heads to the ESPN Charleston Classic for games on Nov. 17, 18 & 20. The Broncos open the classic against defending national champion Villanova."The 10 days of practice this summer before Europe, the four games in Europe and the preseason all lead up to Friday night," Hawkins said. "We need to go back to the film and watch our performance with a critical eye and see what we can improve on."
Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin (R) went to bat for Christine O'Donnell Sunday after the Delaware GOP Senate candidate canceled their appearances on two Sunday morning shows.
"C[hristine] O'Donnell strategy: time's limited;use it 2 connect w/local voters whom you'll be serving vs appeasing nat'l media seeking ur destruction," Palin tweeted.
O'Donnell's cancellation prompted criticism that they were unprepared to defend the string of controversial statements from their past — like that they had "dabbled into" witchcraft — which has emerged throughout the week.
Some wondered upon host Bob Schieffer's initial Saturday announcement that they wouldn't appear on CBS's "Face the Nation" whether they were following Palin's advice — given during an appearance on "The O'Reilly Factor" last week — to "speak through Fox News" instead of other networks.
O'Donnell then canceled on "Fox News Sunday" Friday night saying that they wanted to rest and focus on their state campaign.
Schieffer addressed O'Donnell's cancellation Sunday morning on "Face the Nation," questioning whether they canceled via e-mail because of the witchcraft remarks which surfaced in a video released by Bill Maher on Friday night.
"After we became aware of this, we e-mailed the campaign again and asked them if, in fact, was that the reason that they decided to cancel the appearance?" Schieffer said. "We got back an e-mail that said, 'No, that is not the reason. We weren't aware that they had released this tape until yesterday afternoon.'"
"As for dabbling in witchcraft, whatever that is, their campaign spokesperson said 'Campaigns about what they did as a teen is hardly a worry to them or the people of Delaware,'" they added.
Palin's choice Sunday to advise O'Donnell via Twitter, in full view of their 256,000 followers, suggests the same lack of hesitation that prompted them to cut radio ads and a robocall for the political novice in the days leading up to last Tuesday's primary.
Many credit Palin for O'Donnell's surprise upset over centrist Rep. Mike Castle (R-Del.), but also note that their involvement may be a liability to O'Donnell — now branded as heavily conservative — in the general election.
The Democrat in the race, Chris Coons Christopher (Chris) Andrew CoonsTrump got in Dem's face over abortion at private meeting: report Live coverage: Trump delivers State of the Union Actor Chris Evans meets with Democratic senators before State of the Union MORE, currently leads by 11 points.
Treasurer says commodity prices have fallen dramatically and budget should be used as ‘shock absorber'
Australia is in the grip of the biggest fall in the terms of trade since records began in 1959 because of a drastic fall in commodity prices, the treasurer, Joe Hockey, has warned.
Hockey, who will hand down the mid-year economic and financial outlook (Myefo) on Monday, said the budget should be used as a “shock absorber” to cushion the impact of much lower-than-anticipated prices.
“We have had the biggest fall in the terms of trade in more than half a century, but … we're coping well because we strengthen the budget, because we put in place reforms that have helped to make us a more prosperous nation,” Hockey told reporters in Sydney on Sunday.
“If we don't use the budget as a shock absorber for this extraordinary fall in the terms of trade, then Australians will lose jobs and we will lose our prosperity.”
The biggest “external headwind” in the economy is the 30% fall in iron ore prices from expectations in the May budget, Hockey said. The price of thermal coal has dropped 15% and wheat has fallen 20%.
Hockey acknowledged that unemployment was “a tick higher” than expected in the May budget. Growth would remain sluggish at 2.5%, but would increase to 3% in the coming years.
Labor says Hockey must accept responsibility for the figures.
“The collapse in consumer confidence, the growing unemployment queues, the fall in employment growth have all occurred since Joe Hockey's budget. This has occurred not only on their watch, but after their budget,” the shadow treasurer, Chris Bowen, said, adding that the “full catastrophe” would be revealed in Myefo on Monday.
Hockey implored Labor and the crossbenchers to adopt the government's key budget savings measures, issuing this warning: “Without change we are going to weaken ourselves. Therefore, we have to undertake economic reform to strengthen the Australian economy, to make us more robust to meet head-on the challenges of the future.
“It is important that we allow the budget to continue to be a shock absorber, and I say to the Labor party, the Greens and the independents, if you want to see the Australian economy cope better with the challenges that are beyond our control, work with us to strengthen the Australian budget.
“Do not continue to provide mindless opposition to the budget initiatives because ultimately it reduces our capacity as a nation to deal with some of the headwinds that we are facing.”
The economist Chris Richardson, from Deloitte Access Economics, told Guardian Australia that the budget savings measures flagged in May were “chicken feed”.
“The economy is hitting the budget pretty hard rather than the other way around,” Richardson said. “The fall-off in the temporary [resources] boom is accelerating.”
They said that the Coalition has faced a worsening economic situation compared with the previous Labor government, and that the budget measures announced in May would not have pushed the budget back into the black even if they had been adopted in full.
Earlier in the week Hockey abandoned the 2018 deadline for getting the budget back into surplus, but on Sunday they denied they had ever promised such a strict timeframe.
“I never set a target. That was implied by the Labor party,” they said.
As recently as January 2013, Hockey had committed to returning the budget to surplus within the first full year of the Coalition winning office.
Bowen said: “Do they think the Australian people were asleep at the last election campaign when the now prime minister and treasurer went around the country promising a return to surplus? Of course for every other pathetic broken promise Tony Abbott's excuse is fixing the budget and returning it to surplus. Even that pathetic excuse has now disappeared.”
The nation's biggest banks are urging the government to get on with implementing its budget policies, telling Fairfax that delays in implementing the policies are adding to uncertainty and poor consumer confidence.
Those statements come after reports that the Coalition will axe a further 175 government agencies on top of the 76 it slashed in the May budget to save money.
The finance minister, Mathias Cormann, admitted there would be job losses as a result of the closures, but said they were necessary.
“We inherited a bloated public service from our predecessors,” Cormann told Sky News on Saturday. “If you reduce the number of government bodies, there will be an impact on jobs across the public service.
“What we will see is that as a result of our reform efforts so far … the size of the public service will be back down to the same level as what it was in 2007, 2008. We think that's appropriate.
“The goal is to ensure that the government is as big as it needs to be but as small as it can be.”
for elee124065's own diet 22 Jul 15 by member: elee124065 I changed this recipe a bit. Sautéed the broccoli first in Olive and Butter. Needed more fat because I'm on Atkins. Then removed from pot. In pot whisked in Tofutti Sour Cream, and Heavy Cream. Added salt, pepper, garlic powder and nutmeg. Put on simmer and then whisked in Fancy shredded. Mozzarella and Chedder Cheese until smooth. Then added the sautéed broccoli to the pot with a cup of vegetable broth. Simmered another 10 -15 min on very low. Absolutely delicious.
for Atkins, Induction Phase 31 Mar 14 by member: weightogo8093 I know this makes 8 servings, but how big are the servings?...1 cup - more, less???
for RNY - Gastric Bypass Diet 04 Aug 13 by member: Oldbrokendownnurse If this can be made with fat free cream cheese and reduced fat cheddar cheese and still be palatable I would try. Sounds like a great recipe if you don't have to worry about fat intake.
for My-Secret's own diet 18 Jan 13 by member: PontJieBoTTeR It is the best and think I am addicted, fried some bacon and onions before hand, cooked the soup then pureed it with blender and added the bacon, garlic and onions ....I just want to know what the serving size is pleased !!
for Calorie Count 28 Nov 12 by member: momcan Very tasty and filling. I cooked frozen broccoli crowns, drained, and chopped them myself. This cut down on the extra water.
for Atkins, Induction Phase 21 Jun 12 by member: mazzie1 I tweeked this somewhat, I didnt have the canned broth on hand, used bullion cubes instead. I also used frozen broc/caulif mix. It was a bit on the thin side but had wonderful flavor!!
for m1717's own diet 05 Feb 12 by member: m1717 soup was really liquidy and didn't have that great of taste.
for gaelwyn's own diet 18 Nov 11 by member: gaelwyn I love this recipe too. I added a little powdered mustard and Franks red hot and it was amazing!
SN 1604, also known as Kepler's Supernova, Kepler's Nova or Kepler's Star, was a supernova of Type Ia[1][2] that occurred in the Milky Way, in the constellation Ophiuchus. Appearing in 1604, it is the most recent supernova in our own galaxy to have been unquestionably observed by the naked eye,[3] occurring no farther than 6 kiloparsecs or about 20,000 light-years from Earth.
Observation [ edit ]
Visible to the naked eye, Kepler's Star was brighter at its peak than any other star in the night sky, with an apparent magnitude of −2.5. It was visible during the day for over three weeks. Records of its sighting exist in European, Chinese, Korean and Arabic sources.[4][5]
De Stella Nova (1606) depicting the location of the stella nova, marked with an N (8 grid squares down, 4 over from the left) Johannes Kepler 's original drawing from(1606) depicting the location of the, marked with an(8 grid squares down, 4 over from the left)
It was the second supernova to be observed in a generation (after SN 1572 seen by Tycho Brahe in Cassiopeia). No further supernovae have since been observed with certainty in the Milky Way, though many others outside our galaxy have been seen since S Andromedae in 1885. SN 1987A in the Large Magellanic Cloud was easily visible to the naked eye.
Evidence exists for two Milky Way supernovae whose signals would have reached Earth c. 1680 and 1870 — Cassiopeia A, and G1.9+0.3 respectively. There is no historical record of either having been detected in those years probably as absorption by interstellar dust made them fainter.[6]
The supernova remnant resulting from Kepler's supernova is considered to be one of the prototypical objects of its kind and is still an object of much study in astronomy.
Controversies [ edit ]
Astronomers of the time (including Kepler) were concerned with observing the conjunction of Mars and Jupiter, which they saw in terms of an auspicious conjunction, linked in their minds to the Star of Bethlehem. However, cloudy weather prevented Kepler from making any celestial observations. Nevertheless, their fellow astronomers Wilhelm Fabry, Michael Maestlin and Helisaeus Roeslin were able to make observations on 9 October, but did not record the supernova.[7] The first recorded observation in Europe was by Lodovico delle Colombe in northern Italy on 9 October 1604.[8] Kepler was only able to begin their observations on 17 October while working at the imperial court in Prague for Emperor Rudolf II.[9] The supernova was subsequently named after him, even though they were not its first observer, as their observations tracked the object for an entire year. These observations were described in their book De Stella nova in pede Serpentarii ("On the new star in Ophiuchus's foot", Prague 1606).
Delle Colombe-Galileo controversy [ edit ]
In 1606, Delle Colombe published Discourse of Lodovico delle Colombe in which they show that the Star Newly Appeared in October 1604 is neither a Comet nor a New Star where they defended an Aristotelian view of cosmology which was then sharply challenged by Galileo Galilei.[10]
Kepler-Roeslin controversy [ edit ]
In Kepler's De Stella Nova (1606), they criticised Roeslin concerning this supernova. Kepler argued that in their astrological prognostications, Roeslin had picked out just the two comets, the Great Comet of 1556 and 1580. Roeslin responded in 1609 that this was indeed what they had done. When Kepler replied later that year, they simply observed that by including a broader range of data Roeslin could have made a better argument.[11]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Further reading [ edit ]
People gather where one of the shells, from fighting in southern Syria, hit a bustling marketplace in the town of Ramtha, 90km north of Amman, on Thursday (Reuters photo by Muhammad Hamed)
AMMAN — One person was killed and four others injured Thursday after “a stray bombshell” from Syria's Daraa town hit a house in the northern city of Ramtha, an official confirmed.
Ramtha District Governor Bader Qadi told The Jordan Times that a 23-year-old resident of Ramtha died after the shell hit their family home, adding the man died in hospital from their injuries.
Residents of Ramtha told The Jordan Times that the dead was Abdul Munem Al Hourani, who was a student of engineering at the Jordan University of Science and Technology.
The health conditions of the injured are fair, according to Qadi, who noted that the house is in the centre of the main market of Ramtha.
The governor also described the condition in Ramtha, some 90km north of Amman, as "stable and normal", acknowledging at the same time that "anxiety and fear are natural during such circumstances".
The Jordan News Agency, Petra, quoted an official as saying that several mortar shells fell on Ramtha Thursday from Syria, adding that work is under way to identify the source of the attack to retaliate in the “proper way”.
In recent remarks to The Jordan Times, residents of the border town, just a few kilometres from the Syrian border, said they have had “sleepless nights” over the past few days due to the proximity of the intense clashes between the Syrian army and the armed opposition near the border.
If you're as amped about John Wick: Chapter 2 as we are, then we've got some news for you. Starting today, VIVE gamers can jump into the world of John Wick with the newly launched John Wick Chronicles.
The game opens the doors to the notorious Continental Hotel, where bullets start to fly. As Wick, players must use everything room-scale VR has to offer to dodge, duck and survive against overwhelming odds.
This year we've showed early versions of John Wick Chronicles to fans of the franchise at New York Comic Con and press previews in L.A. in collaboration with developer Starbreeze Studios and film studio Lionsgate.
Want to learn more? Check out our recap from New York Comic Con:
Pick John Wick Chronicles up today on Steam for $19.99.
Well met, adventurers! We're proud to announce Neverwinter: Elemental Evil for Xbox One, which will launch this September! This update brings content from four expansions all in one release as Xbox One players will now have access to content from Elemental Evil, Fury of the Feywild, Shadowmantle and Curse of Icewind Dale. Neverwinter: Elemental Evil will introduce a level cap increase to 70, eight new adventure zones and the Oathbound Paladin class, which can be played as either a healer or a tank. Those three features only scratch the surface of what we're bringing to consoles this fall. Take a look at a short list of changes coming:
Level cap increase from 60 to 70
Oathbound Paladin playable class
Eight new adventure zones
Icewind Dale
Sharandar
The Dread Ring
Malabog's Castle, Valindra's Tower and Kessell's Retreat.
Minsc & Boo join adventurers in the fight against the Cults of Elemental Evil
Increase in companion quality cap from epic to legendary
Maximum level increase for all professions
Vote-to-kick changes
Achievements fixed
In addition to these changes, we'd like to also mention that changes made from Elemental Evil on PC post launch will also be included in the initial release on consoles. With over 2 million players on Xbox One, our team wants to continue to support our amazing fans with additional content that is completely free to download and play. Whether you're a veteran Neverwinter player with a few Tiamat fights under your belt or a brand-new adventurer, now is the best time to jump into our free-to-play Dungeons & Dragons MMORPG.
Look out for blogs which will introduce players to everything this massive update has to offer. We'll be publishing guides, lore, community events and stream announcements in the weeks leading up to the launch of Elemental Evil on Xbox One in September!
Discuss in the official forums
So I went back using only tweets he's written since the beginning of the year and strung together all of Trump's varied insults into one poem. See if you can get a sense of the maturity level of the man the Republican Party wants to be president. This poem is called “Sad” by Donald J Trump:
Very few listeners - sad! Lies never work! Their polls are way down! Puppet! Dumb as a rock!
Really dishonest reporting! Low energy guy! Big problem! Sad.
Sad! Not going to watch anymore. They should go home and relax.  They are a nervous wreck. They can't beat me!
Hypocrite. They own him! Not much of a reformer. Sad.
She's so average in every way. Who wants to woo her?
 They are third rate. A total dummy! How stupid, how desperate! Not believable. Highly unethical. Whoopi Goldberg is terrible.
Very Sad.
The Supreme Court says owner's rights were violated by a drug-sniffing dog on the doorstep
The Supreme Court building (Photo: Pablo Martinez Monsivais, AP) Story Highlights Supreme Court strikes down search of house based on drug-sniffing dog
Justice Antonin Scalia cites 'unreasonable governmental intrusion'
In dissent, Justice Samuel Alito said police acted reasonably
Correction: A previous version of this post stated an incorrect outcome of the case.
A drug-sniffing dog at your doorstep is a step too far, the Supreme Court has decided.
While the high court had ruled last month that a Florida police officer's use of a drug-sniffing dog to search a truck during a routine a traffic stop was OK, it drew the line Tuesday at the entrance to a private home.
Writing for a 5-4 majority, Justice Antonin Scalia said a dog sniffing at a house where police suspect drugs are being grown constitutes a search under the Fourth Amendment of the U.S. Constitution, and the circumstances did not justify the officers' entry to the home.
"This right would be of little practical value if the state's agents could stand in a home's porch or side garden and trawl for evidence with impunity," Scalia wrote in a majority opinion. "The right to retreat would be significantly diminished if the police could enter a man's property to observe their repose from just outside the front window."
Writing in dissent, Justice Samuel Alito wrote that dogs have long been used for law enforcement purposes, and that the homeowner in this case did not have a reasonable expectation of total privacy.
Wrote Alito: "A reasonable person understands that odors emanating from a house may be detected from locations that are open to the public, and a reasonable person will not count on the strength of those odors remaining within the range that,while detectable by a dog, cannot be smelled by a human."
The ruling scrambled the court's normal ideological divisions.
Fellow conservative Clarence Thomas signed onto Scalia's opinion against the search, as did three members of the more liberal bloc: Ruth Bader Ginsburg, Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan.
The dissenters included three of the more conservative court members -- Alito, Anthony Kennedy, and Chief Justice John Roberts -- as well as liberal member Stephen Breyer.
A pair of cases from Florida argued last year hinged on the Fourth Amendment's protection against unreasonable searches -- a protection the high court held in high esteem during its last term, when it ruled unanimously that police should have obtained a warrant before placing a GPS device on a drug suspect's car.
In another dog-sniffing case decided last month, the court ruled in favor of police who used a canine during a traffic stop.
Tuesday's ruling stemmed from a 2006 incident in which Miami-Dade police and the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration set up surveillance on a house after being tipped to a possible marijuana growing operation. An officer went up to the house with a dog named Franky, who quickly detected the odor of pot. The sniff was used to obtain a search warrant from a judge.
Attorneys for occupant Joelis Jardines, who was arrested and charged with marijuana trafficking, challenged the search as unlawful. A trial judge agreed, and threw out the evidence; the Florida Supreme Court later sided with the trial judge.
During a Supreme Court hearing held on Halloween, justices raised questions about the drug sniffing at a private home, as opposed to a traffic stop.
The justices seemed amenable to the use of the dogs in general, without quarreling about their training and certification. But when the issue arrived on their doorstep, their reaction changed; dogs sniffing at the door, they reasoned, were far more intrusive than trick-or-treaters.
Justices Scalia and Kennedy had appeared to align with the court's four more liberal members against the actions of Franky, the police dog who detected marijuana in a Miami grow house only after spending several minutes sniffing around the front door.
Justice Kagan called that "a lengthy and obtrusive process." Justice Ginsburg said it could lead to random searches of "any home, anywhere."
Although modern technology didn't exist when the Founders wrote the Bill of Rights, dogs certainly did -- and they have been used reliably by police for a number of causes, including the search for victims of Superstorm Sandy, which occurred just days before oral arguments.
"Scotland Yard used dogs to track Jack the Ripper," said Gregory Garre, who represented Florida law enforcement.
"These dogs are quite reliable," agreed Joseph Palmore, representing the U.S. Justice Department, which sided with the state.
But Glen Gifford, an assistant public defender representing one of the defendants, begged to differ. "Dogs make mistakes," they said. "Dogs err."
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/10aPzXi
Far from home, and well above the Arctic Circle, Natasha Sebire and Gemma Woldendorp have made first ascents and paraglider descents in the far north of Liverpool Land, East Greenland.
The two flew to Constable Pynt, then travelled 65km north by dog sleds along frozen sea ice to the start of a glacier leading up to the icecap and Neild Bugt region.
They used skis and pulks to haul 160kg of food and equipment to a base camp at ca 500m.
This area had been visited in April 2007 by the veteran British Greenland explorer Jim Gregson, who with five other team members made eight first ascents up to 770m.
Gregson noted that there were many more unclimbed peaks in this area, some of which would give fine technical climbing. Their published report included a photo of an attractive unclimbed rock tower.
For the two weeks in April that they were at base camp, Sebire and Woldendorp experienced fantastic weather and light winds, meaning they were able to make seven first ascents, flying from the summits of four of these peaks.
The ascents ranged from easy walk-ups, through ski traverses, to mixed snow/rock routes.
The biggest peak at the edge of the icecap they dubbed Mt Mighty (1,001m) and climbed it by a large snow and rock ridge. The final 55° hard névé slope leading to the summit proved somewhat disheartening, as they knew they would be unable to launch from this terrain.
However, they were delighted to find the opposite side far gentler, and were able to make an exhilarating flight, with fine views down on their ascent route.
Castle Peak (744m) was climbed first by a fine mixed ridge, and then for a second time by an easier route, flying from the summit on both occasions.
It was while making the later ascent that they got a good view of the unclimbed rock buttress.
They had presumed technical rock climbing would be out of the question due to the sub zero temperature (their recorded minimum was -28°C and maximum -2°C), but late one day, after the sun had warmed the rock, they donned rock shoes and gave it a go.
The tower turned out to be surprisingly solid, but longer, harder and steeper than they had anticipated. Eventually, they backed off.
At the end of the trip they skied back to Constable Pynt, the journey lasting seven days. Subjected to the Arctic high pressure system, during their five weeks in Greenland they lost only five days to bad weather.
« Back
BUSTED! LEAKED Emails Reveal NYT Colluding With Anti-Trump Bureaucracy Leakers
The Trump administration is facing a ‘leak epidemic.' Everyday, the media is publishing gossipy bits from inside the Oval Office or sensitive intel.
But how does the mainstream media obtain such information, and what does a leak look like?
An exclusive report by Breitbart News gives readers a peak inside how a leak is done.
Breitbart News reports:
Emails from a reporter for the New York Times to government employees obtained exclusively by Breitbart News demonstrate that the newspaper's employees are not just on the receiving end of leaks, but are actually soliciting government employees to become leakers. What's more, the emails demonstrate the Times colluded with the president of government union to encourage and solicit these leaks—something that may become highly problematic for both institutions. “Thanks again for taking the time to speak today,” Coral Davenport, an “Energy and Environment Correspondent” for the New York Times, writes in an email to John J. O'Grady of the EPA workers' union. O'Grady is the president of the AFGE Council 238 in Chicago—which represents EPA workers. “As I mentioned, I'm working on a story looking specifically at concrete examples of unusual secretary at E.P.A.,” Davenport states, continuing: I've heard a lot of second-hand rumors, but in order to report these incidents, I'd need to have first-hand or eyewitness accounts. I'm looking for examples of things like, information being communicated only verbally when it would historically have been put in writing, people being told not to bring phones, laptops or even take notes in meetings where they would in the past typically have done so, eyewitness accounts of things like the administrator or top political appointees refusing to use official email, phones or computers, or any other specific, first-hand examples of practices that appear to demonstrate unprecedented secrecy or transparency.
Breitbart News reached out to the New York Times for comment. The paper's spokesperson Danielle Rhoades-Ha claims the leak process is normal behavior.
Breitbart News reports:
“The email demonstrates the process of reporting and gathering facts,” Rhoades-Ha said in an email early Tuesday when seeking comment. O'Grady, the union official with whom Davenport was colluding per these emails to solicit government leakers, has not responded to a request for comment. Davenport continues in their written plea to O'Grady in the email by noting that if they successfully deliver them the government leakers they are soliciting, they will protect their identities. “While I'd like to speak to staff about these examples, I DON'T need to quote them by name or with any sort of identifying details that could in any way reveal the source of the information,” Davenport writes. They continue: We're VERY sensitive to the need to protect career folks who speak to us, and we DO NOT want to endanger anyone's employment. But, in order to ensure that our reporting is based on facts rather than rumors, we do need to feel sure that the examples we give are based on first-hand or eyewitness experiences rather than second and third-hand rumors. Davenport then provides their contact information and encourages people to text, call, email, or contact them on the encrypted phone apps Signal or WhatsApp. They provide both their personal email address and their Times email address. Breitbart News has redacted that information from the emails published herein, as well as all personal contact information in the emails.
AG Sessions announced last Friday a crackdown on leakers which will include a review of the DOJ's policies of issuing subpoenas to media outlets that publish sensitive information.
“I have this message for our friends in the intelligence community–The Justice Department is open for business, and I have this warning for potential leakers: Don't do it,” Sessions said.
Via The Hill:
Attorney General Jeff Sessions on Friday announced a government-wide crackdown on leakers, which will include a review of the Justice Department's policies on subpoenas for media outlets that publish sensitive information. At a press conference with Director of National Intelligence Dan Coats, Sessions announced that the Justice Department, FBI and government intelligence agencies will direct more resources into the investigations of government leaks and would prioritize prosecuting those that pass sensitive information along to the press or foreign officials. Sessions said their Justice Department has already tripled the number of active leak investigations over the previous administration, and that the FBI would create a new counterintelligence unit to manage the cases. In addition, Sessions said that after meeting with FBI and intelligence investigators, the Justice Department would review its policies affecting media subpoenas. “We respect the important role the press plays and we'll give them respect, but it's not unlimited,” Sessions said. “They cannot place lives at risk with impunity. We must balance the press' role with protecting our national security and the lives of those who serve in the intelligence community, the Armed Forces and all law-abiding Americans.”
Director of National Intelligence also said at a press conference to leakers, “We will find you.”
JNS.org – The chief of staff of the IDF said that tens of thousands of Palestinians illegally enter Israel every day, and that more effective policies and penalties are needed to stem this flow.
According to Lt. Gen. Gadi Eizenkot, more than 50,000 Palestinians manage to do this daily through gaps in the security barrier. Only 4,300 of these are arrested every year, and only 1,500 indicted.
“The front in Judea and Samaria is a challenge to the IDF in recent months…the Palestinians see terror as a political and religious tool,” Eizenkot told Israeli lawmakers at a special hearing, Haaretz reported.
Eizenkot said that Israel needs to invest in improvements in procedures for granting work permits to Palestinians, as well as imposing harsher penalties for employers who provide sleeping quarters and transportation for illegal workers.
“A balance must be created between the needs of the Palestinian economy and [Israeli] security requirements,” Eizenkot said. “Permit holders were not terrorists in the latest wave and it seems to me not even over the past decade. We are making great efforts to close the gaps, but there are still about 100 kilometers without a security fence.”
Reading Time: 1 minute
The Malaysian government followed Singapore with steps to rein in what it sees to be “excessive” lending to households and individual property buyers.
The country's central bank ruled that property buyers will no longer have the option to take loans for longer than 35 years. Anyone taking a personal loan can now only do so for a period of up to 10 years. Before the new caps, property buyers could take loans for up to 45 years, while personal loans could be paid back over a period of up to 25 years.
Although a longer loan term may reduce monthly repayments, it encourages “excessive debt accumulation” and saddles consumers with heavier overall debt burden, the central bank said in a statement on July 5.
The move comes on the back of surging household debts in the country. Malaysia's household-debt-to-GDP ratio is a high 83 per cent. It is the highest in emerging Asia and was increasing 12 per cent per year in the past.
The measures are mandatory for all financial institutions and credit cooperatives regulated by Bank Negara, the Malaysia Co-operative Societies Commission, Malaysia Building Society Bhd and Aeon Credit Service.
The central bank also announced a ban on “pre-approved personal financing products” – unsolicited loan and credit card offers – effective immediately.
“The key credit providers are required to observe prudent debt service ratios in their credit assessment to ensure households have sufficient financial buffers to protect them against rising costs and unexpected adverse events,” the central bank said.
Minneapolis is consistently ranked as one of the top, if not the top, biking city in the country, and it's easy to see why. The hearty folks of the Twin Cities area are known for staying in the saddle all year long, riding through heat, humidity, rain, sleet, snow, and even polar vortexes. Winter biking might just be the fastest-growing segment among the four seasons, proving Minnesotans love the outdoors no matter what the thermometer reads.
Even so, the chillier months are the toughest times to ride thanks to slick roads and head-high snow banks. Whether you're commuting to work or simply looking for a bit of exercise in the cool, crisp air, consider these top tips before heading out on the roads.
1. Designate a Winter Set of Wheels.
There are a number of reasons to elect a specific bike as your winter steed. Most notably, riding in the winter is supremely hard on a bike. Sand, salt, and snow can gunk up the components and leave a frame worse for wear. If you have a bike for summer riding that you're hoping to keep in pristine condition, now is not the time to drag it out of storage. “Folks spending a lot of time riding on roadways in winter can really benefit from putting a dedicated bike through that torture,” said Mike “Kid” Riemer, the Marketing Manager for Salsa Cycles based in the Twin Cities.
Many cyclists find that going to a one-speed drivetrain can save the front and rear derailleurs, as well as the shifters, from getting gunked up. Riemer also suggests keeping your bike locked outside to prevent it from going through too many of the freezing/thawing cycles. If you have an old mountain bike in your garage, that could also serve as a great winter bike, outfit it with carbide-studded tires and you'll look like a pro. If you're interested in fully committing, consider adding a fat bike to your fleet. Fat bike tires effortlessly float over slushy streets, snow-covered trails, as well as frozen lakes and creek beds. For fat bike rental options, check out Angry Catfish or Freewheel Bike.
2. Be Cautious.
Biking anywhere in winter will likely take longer than other times of the year. Be sure to allow yourself extra time to get around town so you aren't in a rush. Ride on clear, dry pavement whenever possible and be careful braking on icy and snowy stretches. To avoid fishtailing, gently brake on the rear tire first and have your feet ready to hit the ground in case you go into a spin. Lowering your seat post can put you into a slightly more defensive position and allow you to get your foot down quicker in these instances.
“If you encounter an icy patch where you simply cannot apply your brakes because it'll take you down, keep riding gently and look ahead to the next place where your wheels will have traction and be ready to use your brakes there,” advised Riemer. “That could be a bare spot of pavement or a section of chunky, hardened snow."
3. Remain Visible.
Salsa Cycles
Shorter days and less daylight make for more dangerous biking conditions. Even if you are riding between dawn and dusk, you should still be sure to outfit both your ride and your body with visibility devices. “The smart winter cyclist is willing to throw fashion out the window and do everything they can to enhance their visibility,” said Riemer. “There are plenty of clothing options on the market right now that feature reflective fabric or piping.”
Laws require cyclists to ride with a white front headlight and red taillight after dark. With the addition of a headlamp, you'll be hard to miss. “I'm a big fan of high quality LED lights,” said Josh Klauck, owner of Angry Catfish Bicycle Shop + Coffee Bar in Minneapolis. “I like to have a set of lights that can stay on the bike at all times, front and rear, and then a second set I carry with me for added visibility or in case a light runs low on batteries.”
And there is some strategy behind where to put which light. “A headlight is to help light your path, a blinker is to get a motorist's attention, and a headlamp allows you to shine a light sideways at intersections, making sure the road is clear and helping catch the eye of drivers who might not have otherwise seen you,” explained Riemer.
4. Plan Your Route:
While the safest biking routes are usually off-road trails like those along the Greenway, the River Road, and the lakes, cyclists often have to do some amount of street riding. “Pick your route wisely,” said Riemer. “Is there a route that has less traffic? Is there a bike path? Is there a route with a wider shoulder or more lanes where you can assert a bit more authority and claim more space?”
“Cars will often choose the clearest and cleanest routes, but as a cyclist there are many side streets that will be quicker and safer for you,” added Klauck. “There are also a lot of bike paths that get cleaned before many roads—take these!”
5. Be Careful Where You Park Your Bike.
If you lock up your bike on the side of the road during a major blizzard, the plows are likely to bury it when they come by. Find an off-street rack to avoid having to do any unnecessary digging.
6. Bundle Up.
Minnesota winters can dole out some brutal temperatures. Be sure to get your hands on the appropriate layers to keep you warm atop your two-wheeled machine. While base- and mid-layers will keep your body warm, the best outer layers are built to withstand wind, rain, and snow. “Wool is a must-have,” added Klauck. “Merino wool is an amazing insulator and naturally anti-odor. Socks, long underwear, base layers, jerseys, gloves, jackets—they all come in wool these days and they are the best.”
In terms of accessories, a lightweight winter hat can fit perfectly beneath a helmet and sunglasses or ski goggles will help shield your eyes from any debris that gets kicked up. Experiment with different types of insulated gloves to ensure your hands stay warm, but still remain nimble enough to steer and brake. You can also look into getting pogies, which are essentially insulated handlebar covers that protect your mitts during the most brutal winter conditions. For your feet, winter boots work in the coldest temperatures, but bike shoes with neoprene covers will suffice in more moderate weather.
Asked for their thoughts about the fact the mayor had lied to him, Conrad Black borrowed the words of Chief Bill Blair. “To quote the chief of police, ‘I am disappointed,'” Black wrote in an email. “I hope that this is the beginning of a straighter course of conduct for him.”
Conrad Black interviews Mayor Rob Ford on their show on Vision TV. Black has expressed disappointment with the mayor. ( HANDOUT PHOTO )
Black, who has personally fielded considerable criticism for not challenging Ford during their 35-minute interview, remains unapologetic for their role in the controversy. “I unearthed what has proved to be a good story. Despite their problems with the facts, the mayor can finish their term if they stay sober and clean and does their job, and that has been my concern. On election day, the voters will decide,” Black wrote. On Wednesday night, Mayor Rob Ford released a two-page retraction and apology to Star reporter Daniel Dale. At issue were comments Ford made on Black's new current affairs show, The Zoomer.
Article Continued Below
Black had asked Ford to recount the most “offensive” event he'd had to deal with in terms of the media. Ford replied: “The worst one was Daniel Dale in my backyard taking pictures. I have little kids. When a guy's taking pictures of little kids, I don't want to say the word, but you start thinking, you know, what's this guy all about?” Many inferred that “the word” Ford refused to say was: pedophile. Black told the Star in an earlier email that they thought the mayor was calling Dale a “peeping Tom.” During the segment, both Ford and Black criticized Chief Blair for saying they were “disappointed” after viewing the so-called crack video. Black said they felt it was inappropriate for the chief to make a personal judgment. Ford agreed and then accused Blair of going after them as retribution for proposed budget cuts. The mayor also erroneously told Black that Dale had been standing on “cinderblocks” peering over their fence that evening in May 2012.
In fact, Dale was never in the backyard, never taking photos of the mayor's children, never standing on cinderblocks and never near the mayor's fence. Dale was near Ford's home to survey a piece of public parkland that the mayor had wanted to purchase for personal use. The interview aired twice, once on Monday December 9 at 9 p.m. and again at midnight. The next day, Ford was defiant, proclaiming they stood “by every word.” But after Dale served Ford with a libel notice, the mayor went silent.
Article Continued Below
On Tuesday, Ford issued a half-hearted apology for suggesting Dale was a pedophile, but they refused to admit that all of the other statements they had made about Dale were untrue. That changed on Wednesday, with Ford's letter. “I apologize to Mr. Dale for the inaccurate manner in which I described the incident of May 2012,” Ford wrote. “I should not have said what I did and I wholly retract my statements and apologize to Mr. Dale without reservation for what I said.” Dale now says they will not proceed with the lawsuit. ZoomerMedia, which twice aired the interview and was also served with a libel notice, released a terse comment in the wake of Ford's retraction: “We are pleased to see that Mayor Ford has responded to the libel allegations by Mr. Dale by offering a full apology and retraction of their comments. We have always believed that this was primarily a matter between Mr. Dale and Mr. Ford. However, we sincerely regret the part ZoomerMedia played in broadcasting the offending words spoken by Mr. Ford, and apologize for that. We can confirm that those words will never again be broadcast on any of our television outlets or websites." Black themselves took considerable heat for the segment. Most notably, CBC's Carol Off went after them on As It Happens two days after the interview aired. They pressed Black — someone who has launched numerous libel and slander lawsuits — on why they let Ford say what they did. “It's not my duty to debate with the mayor, I was asking questions and they were giving the answers,” Black said. “At that particular place, Zoomer, I have a function. I do the function. I'm paid to do the function. I'm not paid to edit it.” Black also told Off: “If the mayor deliberately misled the viewers and did not tell me the truth, lied in fact, I would resent that very much and I'll comment on it. But I had no reason to believe that's the case.”
Read more about:
Renault: It's hard to have a partner [Red Bull] who lies
Renault's relationship with works team Red Bull continues to crumble, as Cyril Abiteboul, chief of the French carmaker's F1 engine programme, accused Red Bull technical boss Adrian Newey of lying.
They admit that Renault is struggling at the start of 2015, insisting: “I am not looking for excuses”.
But they said it is wrong of Newey to say the only problem with their 2015 package is the ‘power unit' supplied by Renault.
“In addition to our problems,” Abiteboul told France's Auto Hebdo magazine, “Red Bull has some chassis problems that do not help the situation.
“In particular, the lack of rear stability. These two problems combine to ensure the car is difficult to drive.”
When asked if it is therefore difficult to hear Newey say the only problem with the RB11 is the engine, Abiteboul admitted: “Yes. It's hard to have a partner who lies.
“Adrian is a charming gentleman and an outstanding engineer,” they added, “but they have spent their life criticising their engine manufacturers. And he's too old to change.”
In Australia Red Bull were up in arms with their engine partner, with Christian Horner saying, “I have no idea how they [Renault] have managed to f*ck it up so badly.”
Now, car designer Newey echoed the sentiment, “It's frustrating that we've got an engine which is a long way behind with no obvious light at the end of the tunnel and all sorts of failings.”
Sounds like a riveting story. Personally I've been dying to know more about whom the real Bristol Palin is and what they believe in. Who won't want to line up to drop $25 on this?
It's official: Bristol Palin has a book deal. The daughter of former Alaska governor Sarah Palin has signed with William Morrow to publish “Not Afraid of Life,” to come out this summer. Morrow, an imprint of HarperCollins, announced Tuesday that the memoir would provide “an inside look at their life.” “Bristol gives readers an intimate behind-the-scenes look at their life for the first time, from growing up in Alaska to coming of age amid the media and political frenzy surrounding their mother's political rise; from becoming a single mother while still a teenager to coping as their relationship with their baby's father crumbled publicly — not once, but twice,” according to Morrow.
NOTE FROM JOHN: Let's face it. Bristol's claim to fame is having had premarital sex with their boyfriend and then getting pregnant out of wedlock. If that's what counts as a life worthy of a William Morrow memoir, then it's an indication of how low our country has sunk both culturally and politically. (Nothing wrong with teen moms, but they certainly haven't earned memoir status simply because they got pregnant – oh, that's right, Bristol also appeared on “Dancing with the Stars. Let that girl into Mensa.)
It's not entirely clear why Sarah Palin, who's been playing generally to the far right, would push their daughter (and does anyone doubt that mommy was behind this?) to become the next Murphy Brown, queen of unwed momhood. Then again, so long as it gets the family name in print, Palin never met a news story, or a scandal, they didn't like.
It's the perpetuation of the Republican fetish with ignorance and trash. The Jerry Springer-ization of the GOP is near complete.
The most troubling aspects of Representative Tom Price's nomination to serve as the nation's next Health and Human Services secretary, as Donald Trump hopes, are that they hate Obamacare with every fiber of their being, wants to privatize Medicare, and belongs to an organization that promotes “antivaccine pseudoscience blaming vaccines for autism.” But if you're also alarmed by the possibility of the country being run by people who take a friendly view towards corruption, you have yet another thing to worry about when it comes to the orthopedic surgeon turned Georgia member of congress: allegations of insider trading.
Democratic leaders demanded an investigation Thursday into President-elect Donald Trump's nominee to head Health and Human Services, saying there are indications Rep. Tom Price may have engaged in insider trading based on secrets they knew as a member of Congress. Senate Minority Leader Charles E. Schumer said Mr. Price's confirmation hearings should be put off until after an investigation is completed by the Office of Congressional Ethics, an independent House watchdog . . .
According to a report by the Wall Street Journal, Price “traded more than $300,000 in shares of health-related companies over the past four years while sponsoring and advocating legislation that potentially could affect those companies' stocks.” The stocks included Aetna Inc., Pfizer Inc., Amgen Inc., Bristol Myers Squibb Co., and Eli Lilly & Co. One of Price's best bets was on shares of a little company located down under:
Their largest single stock buy was an August 2016 purchase of between $50,000 and $100,000 of an Australian biomedical firm, Innate Immunotherapeutics Inc., whose largest shareholder is a GOP member of congress on the Trump transition team, according to the filings, which list price ranges. The stock has since doubled in price.
Since 2012, members of Congress (and their staff) have been banned from using material non-public information gleaned from their positions for personal gain, by the amazingly-named Stop Trading on Congressional Knowledge (STOCK) Act.
The Office of Congressional Ethics, you may recall, is the group House Republicans were hoping to gut several days ago but in an twist know one saw coming, were shamed out of doing so by Trump (possibly because they want their first priority to be destroying Obamacare).
Story highlights Macau home to three dozen casinos and six times bigger than Las Vegas
Locals are questioning whether growth has been too fast and furious
A gaming lawyer claims they were attacked in broad daylight in an intimidation attempt
Macau's gaming sector is thought to retain deep ties to organized crime
Triad attacks. Prostitute calling cards. Illicit money flows.
This is the dark underbelly of Macau -- Asia's gambling capital. The only Chinese territory where casinos are permitted, the city has transformed itself in little more than a decade from a sleepy backwater to a neon-lit monument to China's passion for gambling.
Gambling revenues in the city surpassed Las Vegas in 2006 and are now six times greater. But the former Portuguese colony's dramatic rise has come at a cost, with many in Macau questioning whether growth has been too fast and furious.
"You really don't know whether society as a whole has benefited," said Samuel Huang, an associate professor in gambling studies at the Macau Polytechnic Institute.
Portuguese lawyer Jorge Menezes, 47, has experienced first hand the city's more brutal side.
Jorge Menezes, a Portuguese gaming industry lawyer based in Macau, says they were attacked in intimidation attempt linked to their work.
Last month, they were attacked in broad daylight by two men as they walked their five-year-old son to pre-school in what they believe was an intimidation attempt linked to their work as a lawyer.
"I was walking with my son and suddenly I felt a huge blow on the back of my head," they told CNN from their office just a block away from where the attack took place.
"I turned around, already bleeding, and they threw another blow toward my head and then a second guy came at me from behind.
"I couldn't run away because my son was there. I needed to protect him."
Menezes, who injured their wrist and required stitches to their head, said the two assailants each had a brick tied to one of their hands.
"I was told it's a technique used by mafioso in mainland China, because they can carry it without being seen as a weapon."
A spokesperson for Macau's Public Security Police , confirmed that the lawyer was attacked by two Chinese men brandishing hard objects who later fled. They added the case was under investigation.
JUST WATCHED 'Broken Tooth' released from prison Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH 'Broken Tooth' released from prison 01:58
JUST WATCHED Macau's motorcycles are going electric Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Macau's motorcycles are going electric 03:04
JUST WATCHED Going green at Asia's biggest resort Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Going green at Asia's biggest resort 02:52
JUST WATCHED Starwood's biggest gamble in Macau Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Starwood's biggest gamble in Macau 03:25
In the run-up to the city's return to China, gang violence was commonplace, claiming the lives of some 37 people in 1999 alone -- though violent crime became rarer as the city's gaming market boomed.
However, some recent cases have unsettled residents. In 2012, a longtime operator of VIP casino junkets, Ng Man-sun, was beaten by six men in their hotel in what was reportedly a dispute with their ex-lover
The city also feared a return to violence after the release of a notorious gangster known as Wan Kuok-kio or "Broken Tooth" in December after 15 years in prison.
Menezes says they rarely go out to socialize and they cannot think of a personal motive for the attack: "I have no doubt that it's linked to work. It is definitely an attempt to intimidate me or put me out of action for a few months.
"I was working on cases that could bring direct or collateral damage -- collateral in the sense that there are third parties that are affected by what I am doing," they said, declining to say who they thought was behind the attack.
As a precaution, they have recruited a security guard cum secretary, but Menezes says they intend to stay put and continue representing their clients.
Steve Vickers, a former intelligence officer with the Hong Kong police and a specialist in triad activities, claimed Macau's gaming sector retains deep ties to organized crime.
"The scene has changed over the past 10 years as the pie has vastly increased," said Vickers, who now runs a specialist risk mitigation and corporate intelligence consultancy SVA . "It's not the cowboy town it was when Broken Tooth was running around.
"The big boys have moved in ... and they do not want visible street fights, with people being beaten up because it's bad for business and brings attention."
Vickers says that while the city's big casinos, some owned by U.S. tycoons Steve Wynn and Sheldon Adelson, operate correctly and legally, they work in a "messy environment."
They are reliant on income from high rollers and these VIPs are usually brought in from China by junket operators.
"The junkets are an integral part of the gaming scene and they facilitate the transfer of funds, the finding of the high rollers and they facilitate the breaching of Chinese capital controls.
"You won't find their names on the front (door) but the hard reality is that Chinese junkets are largely controlled by triad societies."
China tightly controls the amount of money individuals can take out of the country, with a limit of 20,000 yuan ($3,262) per day and citizens traveling to Macau, which is considered a special administrative region, are subject to these limits.
However, China has turned a blind eye to the abuse of capital controls, said Vickers although they added, this could change as the country's new leaders look to crack down on corruption amid worries about officials funneling money through the city.
Macau government officials did not immediately respond to a request from CNN for comment.
The triads are also said to be involved in prostitution rings, another bone of contention for local Macau residents -- although prostitution is not illegal.
Macau is on a U.S. State Department watch list for human trafficking and according to the 2012 report , criminal syndicates are involved in recruitment.
It says many women fall prey to false advertisements for casino jobs but upon arrival are forced into prostitution.
Many of the city's sidewalks and underpasses are littered with prostitutes' calling cards and fliers for saunas and pole dancing clubs.
"I don't know how to explain this to my children," said Huang at the Macau Polytechnic Institute.
Authorities are keen to diversify Macau's appeal and turn the city into a broader entertainment destination that attracts families and not just casino goers.
New resorts boast attractions like wave pools, fake beaches and high-class dining but there's little evidence that sales of spa treatments and slap-up meals will ever begin to approach revenue from the gambling tables.
"I don't think promoting a more family-friendly environment will be easy," said Huang.
The eternal problem of keeping teeth away from penises has been solved by a dentist (naturally). It's called the BlowGuard.
How does it work? It's essentially a mouth guard—you know, like the ones boxers use—that you use while performing oral sex. On a male.
Advertisement
It retails for $28 and contains a pack of strawberries flavored lubrication. Not sure whether or not the lube goes on the inside as well as the outside of the Blowguard, but you can use it how you like. It's a seriously good idea, as any guy who's been accidentally teethed can attest to. Not sure how it feels on the giver. Probably not that much worse than having a penis in the mouth.
Fleshbot (NSFW) will have a review of it soon. [Blowguard (NSFW)]
Texas Assigns Bow, McMurtry & Hache to Idaho
Texas Sends Three Players to Idaho
CEDAR PARK, Texas – The Texas Stars, American Hockey League affiliate of the NHL's Dallas Stars, announced Wednesday the team has assigned goaltender Landon Bow, forward Mike McMurty and defenseman Justin Hache to their ECHL affiliate, the Idaho Steelheads.
Bow, 21, returned to the Stars on their second AHL call-up on March 15th. The 6-foot-5, 210-pound netminder is 15-5-2 in 22 games with Idaho this season. Their 2.25 goals against average and .929 save percentage both ranked second overall in the ECHL at the time of their recall. The Saint Albert, Alberta native has appeared in 16 AHL games with Texas this season. The undrafted Bow (BOH) was originally signed an AHL contract with Texas over the summer, and then signed an entry-level contract with the NHL's Dallas Stars on March 10, 2017.
McMurtry, 24, has recorded 12 points in 39 games this season with Texas (6-6=12). The Greely, Ontario native has also appeared in five ECHL games this season with Idaho, tallying a goal and four assists. The 6-foot, 180-pound forward signed with Texas over the summer after completing a four-year career at Northeastern University.
Hache (HAH-shay), 23, was acquired from the Tucson Roadrunners on February 1, 2017 by Texas and appeared in 12 games with an assist. The 6-foot-2, 200-pound defenseman was a former seventh-round pick of the Arizona Coyotes (208th overall) in 2012. Hache has appeared in 21 games this season with the ECHL's Rapid City Rush, tallying nine points (2-7=9).
The Texas Stars are the primary development affiliate of the NHL's Dallas Stars, and are currently playing their eighth season at H-E-B Center at Cedar Park. Full season, 24-game, 12-game and six-game ticket packages for the 2016-17 campaign are on sale now. For more information, call (512) GO-STARS (467-8277) or visit TexasStars.com.
In the run-up to the June 15th anniversary of the 2009 Iranian presidential election—elections met with widespread protests amidst widespread claims that the result was rigged—Anonymous has stepped up its electronic attacks on Iran. In a break from the loosely affiliated group's more common denial-of-service attacks, the group announced that it has stolen more than 10,000 e-mails from the Iranian Ministry of Foreign Affairs.
The published e-mails, available via BitTorrent, appear to all relate to visa requests made by non-Iranians. The Ministry's website used for making visa applications requires scans of passport pages and other supporting documentation, but limits the size of uploaded images to just 40KB. This in turn leads to many rejections of applications and follow-up e-mail correspondence between applicants and government officials to remedy the problems. As a result, many of the e-mails include large scanned images of passports to provide the information requested.
Specific information about the hack is unavailable. Participants of OpIran, the brand name used by Anonymous for its Iranian activities, say that the Iranian servers have only been sporadically available for the past few days, interfering with hacking activity—activity that is still ongoing. Information seen by The Next Web indicates that at least one mail server is under Anonymous control.
For the anniversary itself, a number of distributed denial-of-service attacks are planned against Iranian targets. The planners are at present being cagey about what the targets will be, saying only that any domain ending in .ir that is not media-related is a legitimate target.
The Archbishop of Ottawa expressed regret that several Catholics were shocked at the sight of a giant robotic spider perched on Notre Dame Cathedral.
Archbishop Terrence Prendergast said they were surprised by the negative reaction to an artistic initiative after critics called the spider's placement “sacrilegious,” “demonic,” and “disrespectful” of a sacred space.
“My cathedral staff and I anticipated that some … might object, but thought it would be minimal, as nothing demeaning was intended in the spider being near the church,” said the archbishop in an email interview with Canadian Catholic News.
“I regret that we had not sufficiently understood that others would see this event so differently. I say to those who were shocked that I understand that this would have been upsetting for them and that I regret that a well-intentioned effort to cooperate in a celebration was anything but that for them.”
The spider, named Kumo, is one of two giant robots created by a street theater company of artists, technicians and performers based in Nantes, France. The company, La Machine, was in Ottawa July 27-30 as part of celebrations marking Canada's 150th birthday.
The spectacle of robots, music and other special effects drew tens of thousands to Ottawa's downtown.
The show opened July 27 in the evening, with Kumo “waking up” to organ music from inside the cathedral. As the spider, suspended from cranes, climbed off its perch between the towers, “snow” fell from above as part of the event's special effects.
“I don't understand how allowing a mechanical spider to stand on the cathedral is anything but disturbing, disappointing and even shameful,” wrote Diane Bartlett on the archbishop's Facebook wall.
Others defended the archbishop's decision.
“While the viewer may find the juxtaposition jarring, I gather it's supposed to be,” wrote Kris Dmytrenko. “But sacrilegious? C'mon, give your archbishop a break. This civic engagement with art recalls the Vatican's Courtyard of the Gentiles project. Culture is a bridge.”
The decision to participate in the show was motivated by a desire to engage with the wider Ottawa community, said Archbishop Prendergast.
“We make use of the city to obtain permits for our events, and they are most cooperative,” they said. “The Good Friday Way of the Cross lets us have access to public venues (Supreme Court, Parliament Hill, the plaza in front of the National Gallery), and the police offer a security escort.
“We try to be good citizens, good neighbours and cooperative,” they said.
“To the extent that we did see symbolism, it was that, afterwards, Our Lady would continue to reign, something I mentioned in a tweet right after the Thursday performance, as people I respect began to make their objections known.”
Organizers approached the cathedral staff last year. They wanted to position Kumo on the cathedral because it is across the street from the National Art Gallery, which features a large spider sculpture called Maman in its entrance courtyard, Archbishop Prendergast said. The idea was to make it seem as if Kumo was approaching Maman.
“Cathedral staff were shown other cathedrals and public buildings in Europe that had been involved,” the archbishop said. “It seemed innocent enough.
“I guess we thought people would see this as a sign the church is involved in Ottawa's celebrations,” they said. “Many people, both Catholic and others, English and Francophone, remarked how pleased they were that Notre Dame was involved in our celebration of Canada 150.”
Startups need people able and willing of doing the actual work. They need programmers, designers, and eventually folks to do marketing, support, and more. What they don't need, though, is someone who's just going to be The Idea Guy.
You know the type. It's the “this thing is going to be Facebook meets Flickr, but for dogs! If we can just get 1% of the online dog market, we'll be rich!” spiel. All idea, usually no money, and hardly any functional skills that'll help build or launch the damn thing.
On the face and the facts of it, it'd be easy to turn down The Idea Guy. They want you to work for very little or free in return for a smaller-than-his slice of the pie in the end. That end very rarely happens. But the energy and the big dreams can be dangerously alluring. I know, I fell for it more than once.
The truth is that most everyone has plenty of ideas that could work out to be great businesses. The kicker is most often the right execution, that they'd be responsible for anyway, at the right time, which is almost impossible to predict. The value of The Perfect Idea is very small indeed.
That doesn't mean it's useless to have big ideas and plenty of enthusiasm. If you're that guy, you've got a great start. Now pick up a functional skill and help build it your damn self.
This is crazy…
Audio:
The Story:
A Washington, DC gun raid which involved more than 30 officers was not conducted at a known drug den or gang bangers' hideout but at a respected business person's home – all to enforce a controversial city ammo law.
The shocking incident even included the man's teenage son being pulled naked from the shower after the door was broken down with a battering ram.
In a nation where Americans supposedly possess the same Second Amendment rights, Mark Witaschek, a man without a criminal record, faces prison time for possession of unregistered ammo.
“Anyone who thinks the police won't come to take your guns is naïve,” Emily Miller of The Washington Times wrote.
The DC law enforcement officers were searching for gun paraphernalia such as empty holsters, ammo, empty magazines, ammo receipts, and even gun cleaning equipment. Mark Witaschek's entire block was locked down by Washington, DC officers. Their 14-year-old daughter opened the door and was met with more than two dozen officers in full tactical gear. The men participating in the gun raid reportedly pointed their firearms at Witaschek and their girlfriend's heads.
via DC Police Raid Businessman's House Searching For Unregistered Ammo | Off The Grid News.
About This Game
F12: Reset the game
Toggle full-screen/window modes
Consists of four episodes, each containing a dark and thrilling story
Unique storytelling style that complements and takes full advantage of the game's gorgeous 2D graphics
Psychological horror featuring a fascinatingly demented serial killer
Features a variety of missions, mixing genres such as "shooting" and "escape" themes
Includes four games – each acting as a single episode of an overarching story – together in one package
This game was made using RPG Maker. Please note the following features.Normally, the F12 key is used to take screenshots with Steam Overlay. Please change the screenshot key settings to another key other than F12.Key functions:This dark promise deepens the peculiar bond between two reluctant partners.Where is this place in which they've found themselves trapped?Why have they been imprisoned here? What does fate have in store for them?Thus begins a dangerous and terrifying escape mission from a mysterious sealed building!is a psychological horror-adventure game from the creator of(“Kirisame ga furu mori"). Consisting of four episodes and originally released byis now available worldwide with full English localization!The original Japanese version was published as freeware, and the Steam version was released in order to help support the developers.The psychological horror gamefollows the story of Ray and Zack as they attempt to escape the terrifying world in which they've somehow been entrapped.Where are they? What is going on? With so many unanswered questions and nobody else around (who isn't trying to kill them), the pair have no choice to trust each other and fight for their very lives.Ray awakens to find themselves in a concrete room with no memory of how they may have gotten there.She leaves the room, exploring this mysterious, creepy environment in search of an exit.Eventually they cross paths with Zack, a man carrying a large scythe.Fearing for their life, Ray runs from Zack and gets on an elevator, going up…Managing to evade danger for the time being, Ray and Zack make their way to Floor B3 - a modern-looking space with dazzling white walls.From the speaker in the ceiling, a woman's voice can be heard in the form of a bizarre, howling cackle.In an attempt to mock what they consider to be the weak fragility of the pair's "promise", their deranged guard runs Ray and Zack through a gauntlet of sadistic tortures.Faced with almost certain death and forced to fight for their lives, will Ray and Zack manage to see their promise through?Dragging an unconscious Zack in tow, Ray presses on to Floor B2, finding themselves inside a huge cathedral.The sound of a pipe organ fills the floor and a mysterious, sweet fragrance permeates the air of the hallway. Strange text appears on the walls, demanding that Ray repent for their sins.Yet Ray decides to keep pushing forward, determined to uphold their promise to Zack.Soon after, Ray encounters a "priest" in the deepest depths of the cathedral, and is bewitched by the sweet fragrance emanating from their body...Arriving on Floor B1, Ray and Zack find themselves outside of what appears to be an average, ordinary house. However, they enter the living room to find it splattered with blood. Suddenly, Ray breaks down completely...With that, Ray loses consciousness. As utterly confused Zack stares at her, dumbfounded, they begin to hear the sound of knocking on the living room door...In order to learn more about Ray's past, Zack sets out to explore the strange house while avoiding the countless heinous traps set throughout.But they end up finding much more than they bargained for...Will Ray and Zack be able to fulfill their promise to each other and escape the building alive?Official Site: https://gamemaga.denfaminicogamer.jp/satsuriku/en/ Traditional Chinese: 咲月漢化組Korean: NagiEnglish: Ryan Stofer
A state employee union is up in arms about the firing of a prison corrections officer because he's running for the state legislature. Charlie Daniels, 49, of St. Clairsville, an 18-year veteran at the Belmont Correctional Institution, was dismissed at the end of their shift on Monday night after being warned several times that their candidacy violated rules against partisan political involvement by classified state employees.
A state employee union is up in arms about the firing of a prison corrections officer because he's running for the state legislature.
Charlie Daniels, 49, of St. Clairsville, an 18-year veteran at the Belmont Correctional Institution, was dismissed at the end of their shift on Monday night after being warned several times that their candidacy violated rules against partisan political involvement by classified state employees.
Daniels won a three-way Democratic race for the 95th Ohio House district in the May 8 primary.  They are challenging Republican Rep. Andy Thompson of Marietta in the November election.
Daniels ran afoul of what is known as the "little Hatch Act," named after a federal law that prohibits partisan political activity by most federal employees.
"As a state agency, we do not get to pick and choose which laws we are going to follow," said JoEllen Smith, spokesperson for the Ohio Department of Rehabilitation and Correction. "The law is clear that an employee in classified service in the state of Ohio is prohibited from participating in this type of activity.
"The officer refused to take a leave of absence or resign, and we had to follow our progressive disciplinary grid, which ultimately led to their removal."
Christopher Mabe, president of the Ohio Civil Service Employees Association, called Daniels' firing "fundamentally unfair." They said it "goes against all the democratic freedoms that our founding fathers fought for and that our military men and women continue to fight for today."
"Charlie Daniels has played by the rules, served their country and is now being shut out of the democratic process. Now he's a second-class citizen. It's just plain wrong," Mabe said in a statement.
The law gives employees who want to be involved in politics two choices: take a leave of absence or resign.
Daniels did neither.
"They'd been talking to me about it since last December," they said in an interview. They said they spoke with the secretary of state's office and was told they would be allowed to run.
"The reason I let this go to this point is that it's a violation of my civil rights. Most people just cave in to the pressure. I didn't do that."
Daniels said their firing "doesn't affect my campaign at all. It gives me a little more time to work on it. I can be a full-time candidate."
ajohnson@dispatch.com
@ohioaj
Washington (CNN) -- Attorney General Eric Holder announced Monday that Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and four other 9/11 terror suspects will face a military trial at the Guantanamo Bay detention facility in Cuba.
The decision is a sharp reversal for the Obama administration, which wanted the terror suspects to have federal civilian trials.
Besides Mohammed, the other suspects to face charges of participating in the 9/11 plot are Walid bin Attash, Ramzi bin al-Shibh, Ali Abdul Aziz Ali and Mustafa Ahmed al-Hawsawi. All five are at Guantanamo.
In announcing their decision, Holder blasted Congress for imposing restrictions on the Justice Department's ability to bring the men to New York for civilian trials -- a course of action they promised in 2009.
"After thoroughly studying the case, it became clear to me that the best venue for prosecution was in federal court. I stand by that decision today," Holder said.
"As the president has said, those unwise and unwarranted restrictions (imposed by Congress) undermine our counterterrorism efforts and could harm our national security. Decisions about whom, where and how to prosecute have always been -- and must remain -- the responsibility of the executive branch."
Holder insisted, "We were prepared to bring a powerful case against Khalid Sheikh Mohammed and their four co-conspirators -- one of the most well-researched and documented cases I have ever seen in my decades of experience as a prosecutor."
They added, "Had this case proceeded in Manhattan or in an alternative venue in the United States, as I seriously explored in the past year, I am confident that our justice system would have performed with the same distinction that has been its hallmark for over 200 years."
Holder had promised to seek the death penalty for each of the five men. They warned Monday that it is an "open question" if such a penalty can be imposed by a military commission if the defendants plead guilty.
They expressed confidence in the military, however, to conduct "fair trials" and deliver "just verdicts."
President Barack Obama's primary concern is that the accused perpetrators "be brought to justice as swiftly as possible," White House press secretary Jay Carney told reporters.
Holder's plan to hold a nonmilitary trial had been sharply criticized by both Republican leaders and key members of the New York congressional delegation. Among other things, critics cited cost and security concerns tied to a trial in Manhattan. They also argued that the suspects -- who are not American citizens -- should not receive the rights and protections provided to defendants in civilian courts.
Rep. Lamar Smith, R-Texas, chairperson of the House Judiciary Committee, said in a written statement that it is "unfortunate that it took the Obama administration more than two years to figure out what the majority of Americans already know: that 9/11 conspirator Khalid Sheikh Mohammed is not a common criminal, he's a war criminal."
Rep. Peter King, R-New York, head of the House Homeland Security Committee, called the decision a "long-awaited step in the right direction."
"These terror trials belong in a military commission at Guantanamo," they said. The decision is a "vindication of President (George W.) Bush's detention policies."
New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said it's "more appropriate" for the trials to be held in a "secure area."
"What I've read about military tribunals is they're not an automatic kind of thing," they said. "They are a different form of a legal system, but something that this country can implement and not be ashamed of."
Holder said they respect the different views expressed in Congress and elsewhere, but insisted they are in a better position to make the final decision.
"I know this case in a way that members of Congress do not," they said. "Do I know better than them? Yes."
A number of Democrats and civil liberties activists have expressed dismay at the idea of holding military trials, warning that such a move represents a dangerous breakdown in the U.S. judicial system.
Sen. Patrick Leahy, D-Vermont, the chairperson of the Senate Judiciary Committee, said the decision was disappointing in light of the fact that the U.S. justice system is "the envy of the world."
"Federal courts have convicted hundreds of terrorists," they noted. "When Americans are murdered on American soil, we should not be afraid to bring those responsible for those heinous acts to justice in American courts."
Mason Clutter, an attorney with the progressive Constitution Project, said their organization is "extremely disappointed by the administration's decision to try what is arguably the most important criminal case the U.S. has ever seen in an untested and flawed system instead of in our legitimate criminal justice system."
"Our civilian justice system has a proven capacity to handle complex terrorism cases," Clutter said. "Today's decision will only continue to delay justice for the victims of 9/11 and their families."
Hina Shamsi, director of the American Civil Liberties Union's National Security Project, called the decision "a devastating blow to the rule of law."
"Cases prosecuted by (military commissions) now are sure to be subject to continuous legal challenges and delays, and their outcomes will not be seen as legitimate. Americans deserve better than this, and the world expects more of us."
A senior defense official told CNN, "We weren't out advocating for this decision. But we do have a court system (at Guantanamo Bay) that is both prepared to handle, and is already handling, people accused of crimes relating to terrorism."
The official said a lack of funding from Congress on more permanent detainment options for terrorist suspects within the continental United States "left the Justice Department short on options."
Obama promised to shut down the Guantanamo Bay detention facility within a year of taking office -- a promise they were unable to keep in the face of congressional resistance.
Holder promised Monday that the administration will continue working to shut down the facility and lift the restrictions on civilian trials imposed by Congress.
CNN's Ted Barrett, Carol Cratty, Terry Frieden and Ed Henry contributed to this report
Tottenham Hotspur have been linked with a move for Schalke's highly-rated midfielder LeonÂ Goretzka, according to The Mirror.
Germany's 22-year-old internationalÂ has been in fine form for the Bundesliga side this season with four goals in nine games.
The midfielder is out of contract at the end of 2017/18 and it is thought that Schalke would be willing to sell in the January transfer window, rather than to lose them for nothing in the summer.
However,Â it is not just MauricioÂ Pochettino's Tottenham side whoÂ haveÂ shown an interest in the player.
North London rivals Arsenal, Barcelona and Juventus are all thought to be keen onÂ Goretzka – Spurs could have a fight on their handsÂ if they are going to get their target.
SchalkeÂ themselvesÂ haveÂ admitted keeping the midfielder at the club is looking unlikely.
“We have done everything possible. We can't do anythingÂ else,” theÂ club's sporting director Christian Heidel said according to The Sun.
“We are trying to convince him, also financially. We are trying to look for the best way to convince them to stay, but without putting pressure on him.”
Bochum-bornÂ GoretzkaÂ is regarded as one of the brightest talents in German football and has not only impressed in the league but on the international circuit too where they starred for their country in their recent Confederations Cup victory.
The Royal Blues number eightÂ has missed the last two league games due to aÂ stressÂ fracture in their lower leg.
With Harry Winks, DeleÂ AlliÂ and ChristianÂ Eriksen,Â TottenhamÂ already have a wealth of quality in the midfieldÂ area.
ExactlyÂ whereÂ the GermanÂ would fit into the Spurs system remains to be seen but their purchase would be a statement of intent from the North London side.
In the old days, people living deep in the Appalachian Mountains had to be very self-reliant. Granny women are the ones people went to for healing and magic in Appalachia.
It was not easy to get to a doctor and rarely could a doctor reach anyone in time to help them get through an illness. Accidents happened and doctors were nowhere around in emergencies, but there was always a Granny close enough to fetch for help.
Granny women knew the way of herbs and home remedies and also used witchcraft methods.
It was not the modern Wiccan type magic, but the magic of the Old World witchcraft passed down for generations by elders teaching their daughters and granddaughters.
It was the healing magic that came from Ireland and Scotland with the early settlers.
22 December 2016: According to a website that records the number of coalition military fatalities in Iraq, at least 4512 American soldiers have been killed in Iraq since the war began in 2003.
Given how drawn-out, complex and twisted “the war on terror” has been, the high number of soldiers who made the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty is, sadly, understandable.
However, would you believe that far more Nepali men have died abroad in their sleep over the last eight years alone? That's right, over 5000 (five thousand) migrant workers from the impoverished mountain nation have died silently in countries like Qatar, Saudi Arabia and Malaysia? They were not fighting a war, apart from their personal battle with poverty.
An analysis of Nepal government data by Associated Press has now revealed that one out of 500 migrant workers from Nepal died last year – a scary statistics for family members of the hardworking men and women.
According to AP, most of these Nepali men died in their sleep, following a hard day's work, often amid hostile work conditions. Qatar is particularly notorious in this respect amid the ongoing World Cup stadium debacle.
The news agency claimed that researchers have now found similarity between these deaths of Nepali men and that of other Asian migrants elsewhere in the world. The name given to these mysterious deaths of Nepali migrant workers is Sudden Unexplained Nocturnal Death Syndrome. AP further added that “an international consortium is launching an investigation” into these deaths next year.
Hopefully, the research results would stop the daily arrivals of coffins at the Tribhuvan International Airport in Kathmandu.
Correction: The title of this article has been updated. The original title, “Actor Gary Sinise Is Honored with the Highest Medal Army Gives Civilians” was not correct, as the highest civilian medal is, in fact, the Secretary of the Army Public Service Medal. Additionally, the Marshall Award is being presented by an NGO, not the DA or DoD.
Aside from their roles in “CSI: NY” and “Forrest Gump,” Gary Sinise is best recognized for their powerful, resounding, and commanding voice coming through televisions across the country, declaring:
“There's strong, and there's Army strong.”
Since playing Lt. Dan — a wounded combat veteran in “Forrest Gump” — Sinise has formed a deep relationship with wounded and disabled veterans all over the world.
In fact, following September 11, 2001, Sinise formed the Lt. Dan Band to provide American troops with entertainment.
They also founded the Gary Sinise Foundation to help “defenders, veterans, first responders, and their families” by “creating and supporting unique programs designed to entertain, educate, inspire, strengthen, and build communities.”
And now, Sinise is receiving the “highest award for distinguished public service,” according to Military Times.
Per the Association of the United States Army, the Marshall Medal is awarded for “selfless service to the United States of America” in “more than one area or under extraordinary circumstances.”
The Military Times also noted that through Sinise's foundation, he's launched tremendously supportive programs like R.I.S.E. — which builds specially adapted homes for severely wounded veterans — Soaring Valor — which gifts WWII veterans the trip to pay their respects at the National Museum in New Orleans — and Relief & Resiliency Outreach — which provides complete support to those recovering from trauma.
The medal is named after former General of the Army George Catlett Marshall Jr. — who also served as Secretary of State, Secretary of Defense and U.S. Special Envoy to China — and has been awarded to true American historical figures like Presidents Dwight D. Eisenhower, Gerald Ford, and George H.W. Bush.
Sinise expressed their gratitude for the honor in a recent statement, saying:
“I am honored to be invited to receive the George Catlett Marshall Medal from the Association of the United States Army. It has been a great blessing to know there is something I can do to support the men and women in uniform who defend our nation and I will look forward to expressing my gratitude in person at the Marshall Dinner.”
Sinise will receive the honor on October 11 at the Marshall Dinner in Washington, D.C.
We're learning new details about a fatal shooting Sunday night.Officers were sent to the 1200 block of Fawn Parkway Plaza to investigate the shooting around 9 p.m.According to Douglas County Attorney Don Kleine, Joseph Merolla, 19, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.Video: Family remembers Joey Merolla"Witnesses at that location tell us that sadly, and unfortunately, these young people were playing Russian roulette," Kleine said. "The victim had actually taken a revolver, stuck a bullet in the chamber, spun the cylinder, put it up to their temple and pulled the trigger."There were two witnesses to their death, Kleine said. "Three in the room, two besides the deceased."A fourth person -- Erik Valencia, 18, who was not a witness to the shooting -- left the scene with the gun, according to authorities."I don't understand, I'm not sure why or what their motive was, but they did," Kleine said.Valencia has been charged with tampering with physical evidence, a Class IV felony.Valencia appeared in court Wednesday, where their bail was set at $40,000. A preliminary hearing is set for Aug. 26.Kleine said investigators are looking into possible drug involvement in the case, as well.
We're learning new details about a fatal shooting Sunday night.
Officers were sent to the 1200 block of Fawn Parkway Plaza to investigate the shooting around 9 p.m.
According to Douglas County Attorney Don Kleine, Joseph Merolla, 19, died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound.
Video: Family remembers Joey Merolla
"Witnesses at that location tell us that sadly, and unfortunately, these young people were playing Russian roulette," Kleine said. "The victim had actually taken a revolver, stuck a bullet in the chamber, spun the cylinder, put it up to their temple and pulled the trigger."
There were two witnesses to their death, Kleine said. "Three in the room, two besides the deceased."
A fourth person -- Erik Valencia, 18, who was not a witness to the shooting -- left the scene with the gun, according to authorities.
"I don't understand, I'm not sure why or what their motive was, but they did," Kleine said.
Valencia has been charged with tampering with physical evidence, a Class IV felony.
Valencia appeared in court Wednesday, where their bail was set at $40,000. A preliminary hearing is set for Aug. 26.
Kleine said investigators are looking into possible drug involvement in the case, as well.
AlertMe
MARC URBANO
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
At first glance, the Jeep Mighty FC concept defies any preconceived notions you may have regarding scale and balance. Alarmingly front-heavy and precipitously perched, it runs roughshod over generally accepted tenets of vehicle design.
When the original Jeep FC (Forward Control) sprang forth from the mind of industrial designer Brooks Stevens (the same guy who designed the classic Miller Brewing logo!) back in the 1950s, its mission was not off-road prowess but improved space efficiency and versatility. It placed the occupants above and in front of—rather than behind—the powertrain.
The new Mighty FC concept performs the same packaging trick, and so it retains the family visage. As Mark Allen, head of Jeep Design and the prime instigator behind the Mighty FC, puts it: “As soon as we unveiled it in Moab [at the annual Easter Jeep Safari], everyone recognized it, which amazed us. We thought it would have a fan base of about five people. As it sits here, it's somewhere between an engineering mule and a static concept vehicle.”
View Photos Who don't love plaid seats? MARC URBANO
The FC's cab was hewn from the two-door Wrangler, retaining the windshield, A-pillars, and doors; the roof is from Mopar's JK-8 pickup kit.
To enter, the long-limbed and nimble may find it easiest to simply scale one of the nearly 40-inch-high tires; the vertically challenged and aged may prefer to climb upon the rock sliders (repurposed Jeep four-door rock rails, cribbed directly from the Mopar catalog) and shimmy over the tire.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
The interior consists largely of stock Wrangler items, including the dash, steering wheel, and shifter. The seats are wrapped in plaid upholstery partially stitched up from a Burton snowboard bag, the tags and ­zippers left intact. Given the obvious volumetric peculiarities of the cab-over configuration, the driving position is surprisingly comfortable.
A Wrangler Rubicon's 3.6-liter V-6 engine and automatic transmission both remain virtually stock. The chassis came from the same Wrangler, albeit lengthened to provide a 117.0-inch wheelbase.
View Photos Portal axles bring off-road cred to this concept. MARC URBANO
Post-inspection, we are set loose on the Jeep trails located deep in the bowels of Chrysler's Chelsea Proving Grounds. First up: a several-hundred-foot rock staircase that the FC conquers almost effortlessly in both directions; there's some mild wheel hop during the climb, but the descent is graceful. Next we confront a downhill with staggered whoops designed to test axle articulation. It's here that the ass-over-axle seating position makes itself felt, providing a sensation dynamically opposed to everything your author's inner ear has learned about vehicular poise. The ground comes up directly in front of us; making a mistake here pretty much guarantees that our feet and ankles will spend the next few months encased in plaster.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
“The portal axles are the real story here,” says Allen. “They provide about 5.5 inches of lift due to their design, which uses gears in each wheel hub to raise the main axle tube above the wheel centers.” Aside from the 39.5-inch Krawler tires mounted on 17-inch Hutchinson bead-lock wheels, there isn't a lot of additional suspension lift. It's got coil-over shocks with remote reservoirs and TeraFlex control arms, but otherwise the chassis is stock. It weighs about 6500 pounds all in, with a heavy bias toward the front.
[gopher]//player.hearstdigitalstudios.com/brightcove/1766508211001?width=100%25&autostart=0&aratio=16:9&cc%5B%5D=[/gopher]
Approaching a boulder-strewn uphill that would stymie even experienced wheelers, we lock the front and rear diffs and effortlessly idle up the incline, occasionally lifting a tire into the air.
So the FC works even better than it looks—a rare trait for a concept vehicle. If Jeep puts it into production (the FC has a small chance), we bet there'd be more than five people lining up for it.
It seems Tedy Bruschi believes the best thing for Tim Tebow to do right now is found a darkened corner of the New York Jets locker room and hide out in it for a few months.
The former New England Patriots linebacker said Tebow's consistent communication with media is bad for their team.
"Stop talking to the media so much," Bruschi said last week on ESPN's "NFL 32". "You need to disappear, okay, Tim Tebow? You're not the starting quarterback, it's Mark Sanchez's team. I want my voice to come from my head coach and my quarterback -- my starting quarterback. That message has to be consistent.
"I don't want all this competition brewing, and every time you speak and anytime you talk about competition or anything like that, you're twisting things," they went on. "I want one voice. One quarterback, not two."
Jones: Rex's recommitment Rex Ryan has shed 90 pounds, but that isn't the only thing different about the Kimberly Jones explains.
Rex Ryan has shed 90 pounds, but that isn't the only thing different about the Jets coach.explains. More ...
Strange comments from a 13-year veteran who should have an idea how the media machine operates. It's not like Tebow stands on a soap box at the conclusion of a Jets OTA session and waves over a horde of reporters to chat about undermining Mark Sanchez's career and stealing their girlfriend. Members of the media swarm them at their locker every opportunity they get. Welcome to sports in the 21st century.
Bruschi might be implying that Tebow should turn their back on scribes or pull a Ryan Leaf ("Don't talk to me, all right? Knock it off!"). But something tells us Bruschi and other talking heads would then rip Tebow for "not buying into their new role," or some other such nonsense.
AMMAN — Jordan's king warned Israel on Monday that any further “provocation” in Jerusalem, where Israeli police have clashed with Muslims at Al-Aqsa mosque, would damage ties between the two countries.
“Any more provocations in Jerusalem will affect the relationship between Jordan and Israel,” said King Abdullah II, following a second day of clashes at the flashpoint holy site.
“Jordan will not have a choice but to take actions, unfortunately,” they told journalists in English after talks with visiting British Prime Minister David Cameron. Israel and Jordan signed a peace treaty in 1994.
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
The kingdom, which has custodian rights over the Al-Aqsa mosque compound, on Sunday condemned what it described as an Israeli army assault on the site.
Muslims and Israeli police clashed for a second day Monday as Jews celebrated their new year and protesters vowed to protect Islam's third-holiest site.
As on Sunday, Israeli security forces entered the compound to prevent Muslim youths from harassing visiting Jews, police said.
Muslims have barricaded themselves inside Al-Aqsa amid protests over access to the site, venerated by Jews as the Temple Mount.
Two people – a police officer and a young Jewish man — were hurt Monday morning when clashes resumed at the Temple Mount for the second consecutive day. Nine people were also arrested.
Five people were detained on the Mount after masked Muslim protesters attacked police with stones and metal rods, wounding the police officer, Israel's Channel 2 television reported. The police officer was treated at the site.
In a separate incident, protesters attacked the Jewish man at the Chain Gate, at the entrance to the Temple Mount. The man also received medical attention at the scene, Channel 2 said. Two people were arrested. Another two were detained after trying to attack police forces.
Police said Monday morning that, “As the police entered the compound masked youths fled inside the mosque and threw stones at the force.” Masked protesters also attacked police metal bars before fleeing into the mosque, Army Radio said.
Police said they entered the hilltop compound to ensure that Muslim youths massing there did not harass Jews or tourists during the morning visiting hours. The site is sacred to both Jews and Muslims.
— Times of Israel staff contributed to this report.
“OF COURSE” is the phrase that comes to mind when I think of Stassi Schroeder‘s latest desperate, grasping, shenanigan. After spending all of Vanderpump Rules season 3 constantly bragging about how above it and over it and mature and amazing they became after meeting the love of their life Patrick, it looks like Stassi got dumped! And then was rumored to be living on Kristen Doute‘s sofa (hope it was professionally cleaned!). My how the mighty (in their own minds) have fallen…
In a new blog Stassi seems to covertly admit their return to the show with an update on their paltry living situation. It ain't no Villa Rosa she's found themselves in…
So what has Stassi been doing while bumming (literally) around LA, living out of a knock-off designer suitcase and selling their statement necklaces on the corner? Well it looks like she's been awaitin' on filming for Pump Rules season 4 to wrap. Our source dished that Stassi makes an appearance in the finale, which was filmed last week, to settle the score with their ex Jax Taylor and several other former friends.
CLICK THE CONTINUE READING BUTTON FOR MORE!
It appears Stassi is unceremoniously single, so they have nothing to lose, and is rocking big hair, big boobs, and an even bigger gnarly attitude as they hint at their un-triumphant return to reality TV. I thought they could never look at the leakers of their sex tape again?!
In their recent Style By Stassi blog Stassi shares that bad credit and dismal living situations have made things miserable. She's been “on hiatus this summer” while drinking away the blues after possibly breaking-up with The Amazing Patrick. Stassi mentioned while appearing as a guest on Brandi Glanville‘s podcsat that they and Patrick had decided to live separately while trying to recapture the magic. According to Stassi, they didn't like them being involved with the show, so rumors of their return only fuel rumors that they're not too serious anymore!
“I've had a little bit of a ‘rock bottom' situation going on over the last few months,” Stassi admits in their blog. “I've basically been living like a nomad for 4 months, with all my belongings in storage, carrying around 3 suitcases wherever I go… “
Stassi acknowledges that their own fiscal irresponsibility landed them in this mess – presumably she's squandered all of that Pump Rules money and with all the bridges she's burned in LA, maybe friends are scarce these days… Should've sold that sex tape! With that in mind Stassi has pulled on their big girl panties and moved to NYC?
“Apparently credit is something that's relatively important when trying to rent or buy a home. Lesson now fully learned,” the reality star villainess shares. “I am pleased to say that things are looking up! I just got a new place AND New York Fashion Week starts tomorrow, so Style by Stassi is TOTES back. I'm flying to NYC tonight and will do my best to document everything I can!”
Well, good for Stassi – I wonder how much of this ‘Woe is me broke and homeless borrowed from Bethenny schtick' is true? We all know they stuck around for the duration of filming and their shacking up with Kristen while begging for attrition from former friends as a gateway drug back onto the show. Lord knows Kristen is an expert at the phony grovel…
Stassi very publicly exited Pump Rules last season, calling the show “toxic” and accusing Lisa Vanderpump of using them and spreading lies. Stassi insisted they quit, however, and complained about how awful it was to every media outlet that would have their (there weren't many). However, after finding themselves soul mate-less realizing no one is very interested in the fashion musings of a washed-up reality star, Stassi apparently came to their senses and begged Bravo producers for a second chance at semi-stardom. I have a feeling Lisa only relented to allow Stassi's humiliation and fall from grace to be full frontal. But beggars – literally beggars – can't be choosers!
Also Stassi is hawking lingerie now – pairs perfectly with a sex tape!
TELL US – SURPRISED STASSI IS BACK ON PUMP RULES?
[Photo Credit: Instagram]
NetEase and My.com announced that Revelation Online is preparing for its release in the West. Revelation Online is developed by NetEase, the second largest gaming company in China, and official operator of Blizzard Entertainment's games in the region.
Revelation Online is a breathtaking Massively Online Multiplayer experience in which players will discover the lands of Nuanor. Explore a vibrant world of ancient mystery, and use the power of flight to experience absolute freedom. Spread your wings or master one of the many aerial mounts to soar through the sky. Dive into the waters or climb to the top of the world – in Revelation Online you can freely reach any place.
Interested gamers can sign up its beta here, and follow its facebook or Twitter to get more information about Revelation Online.
CARACAS, Venezuela — Hugo Chavez has never been predictable.
During their 13 years in power, the fiery socialist leader of Venezuela has demonstrated their ability to ride out all sorts of problems — coup attempts, a crippling oil strike and more generally, an economy that is walking a tight-rope across a well of hyper-inflation.
Perpetually on television, radio, even Twitter, Chavez has built their success through the power of personality. Their public relations skills are second to none.  They are playful with children, a master at conversation and, failing all else, has a loveable smile that still mesmerizes many so-called Chavistas.
For that reason, more than two weeks of shying away from publicity is worrying. It is worrying not only for politically volatile Venezuela, but also for their own ministers, who are too nervous to say anything, but have been forced to by growing criticism.
(Read more: World leaders gone missing)
Their clumsy and contradictory statements as Chavez languishes in a Havana hospital echo the socialist leader's own silence and amplify rumors which on Sunday reached their nadir with “news” of Chavez's death spreading on Twitter.
The consensus rumor in Venezuela is that the socialist leader is suffering prostate cancer. While completely unsubstantiated, the rumor appeared in print this week as well-known local journalist Nelson Bocaranda cited medical sources; U.S. intelligence firm Stratfor corroborated. The official line continues to be that Chavez is convalescing following an operation to remove a pelvic abscess on June 10.
Proof of life, though little else, has been given in images that show Chavez with fellow revolutionaries Fidel and Raul Castro, next to their hospital bed. A further set was released last night to quell the rumors back home. They show three frail men, Chavez clad in their infamous yellow, blue and red tracksuit that resembles their country's flag. Memories of Fidel Castro's own deterioration to poor health five years ago immediately spring to mind. Back then, younger brother Raul took over.
In Venezuela, Chavez's elder brother Adan has begun to lead the government after Vice President Elias Jaua failed to take the helm either officially, by still not having stepped in as interim leader, or even in spirit. Jaua's visit to a socialist chocolate factory, beamed across state television, may have been in the same vein as their boss but lacked the charisma that makes Chavez such a powerful foe for the opposition.
The opposition themselves have taken their time in jumping on the situation. Popular and charismatic — in a way strikingly reminiscent of Chavez — Henrique Capriles Radonski was keen to look at the bigger picture.
“The country's problems are not whether the president is or is not sick,” they said. Focus is being shifted from the real ills of Venezuela, they added, citing the El Rodeo prison riots, where a stalemate continues between troops and inmates nearly three weeks after initial violence at the jail east of Caracas.
“To me the problem is what is going on in El Rodeo, the electrical problem and all the problems that every day we must solve as Venezuelans.”
These thoughts are shared by Michael Shifter, president of the Inter-American Dialogue. “The country's problems are profound and, as long as [Chavez] remains in charge, do not seem to be reversible. Whatever health issues they have and how those might affect their image pale in comparison to the deterioration in the economy and security situation.”
Power outages, growing insecurity and prison riots have afflicted Venezuelans for years. Yet, Chavez has a knack of riding out the storms, even when no end appears in sight. “Chavez is resourceful and should not be underestimated,” added Shifter. “Venezuelans are unhappy, but to date Chavez has managed to escape much blame. After more than 12 years in office that is quite a testament to their political skills.”
Shifter does, however, admit that Chavez will “come out of this drama somewhat debilitated” in the view of increasing numbers of Venezuelans as well as those abroad.
Analysts are speculating on possible scenarios for the future of both Venezuela and Chavez. In a worst-case scenario for Chavez in which they are forced to relinquish power, their deputy Jaua would be forced to take over until presidential elections are held at the end of next year. This would no doubt spell the end of the Bolivarian revolution, which many see as inextricably linked with Chavez.
While many countries struggle to do business with Venezuela, this could spell disaster for some of those that do, especially those on positive terms such as Cuba, whose economy is propped up by cheap oil from Chavez. Relations with the United States may improve. Venezuela is the country's fourth largest oil supplier.
However, there is likely to be a period of domestic chaos as supporters of Chavez worryingly watch the demise of the one man who they believe has made life bearable after decades of corruption. More than half of Venezuelans were living in poverty when Chavez came into power.
The deadline for Chavez's return is July 5. The National Assembly has promised that the socialist leader will be back by then to welcome the region's heads of state — with the notable exception of the U.S. and Canada — for the Latin American and Caribbean Summit on Integration and Development on Margarita Island just off Caracas.
Here, they hope to build foundations for the Community of Latin American and Caribbean States, essentially an organization to counter U.S. influence in the region.
July 5 also marks the country's 200th anniversary of independence from Spain. “It is absolutely crucial for Chavez to make that appearance while these power struggles are intensifying,” said Reva Bhalla, an analyst at intelligence firm Stratfor.
Chavez is a firebrand revolutionary, keen to do away with any remaining fragments of the shackles of imperialism. A bicentenary will only come around once in Chavez's presidency and they and their supporters will be very keen for their leadership on that date.
Full title: IEEE Standard for Local and metropolitan area networks–Secure Device Identity
Local Area Networks (LANs) are often deployed in networks that provide publicly accessible services or cannot be completely physically secured. Protocols that configure, manage, and regulate access to these networks typically run over the networks themselves. Secure and predictable network operation depends on authenticating each device attached to and participating in the network, so that the degree of trust and authorization to be accorded to that device by its communicating peers can be determined. Authentication of a human user, through a credential known to or possessed by that user, is often used to authenticate devices such as laptop personal computers, but many network devices are designed for unattended autonomous operation and do not support user authentication.
This standard specifies Secure Device Identifiers (DevIDs) designed to be used as interoperable secure device authentication credentials with Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP) and other industry standard authentication and provisioning protocols. A standardized device identity facilitates interoperable secure device authentication and simplifies secure device deployment and management.
A device with DevID capability incorporates a globally unique manufacturer provided Initial Device Identifier (IDevID), stored in a way that protects it from modification. The device may support the creation of Locally Significant Device Identifiers (LDevIDs) by a network administrator. Each LDevID is bound to the device in a way that makes it infeasible for it to be forged or transferred to a device with a different IDevID without knowledge of the private key used to effect the cryptographic binding. LDevIDs can incorporate, and fully protect, additional information specified by the network administrator to support local authorization conventions.
The 2018 revision of this standard added the ECDSA P-384/SHA-384 signature suite to align with the Suite B Certificate Profile (IETF RFC 5759).
Current Status
Standard IEEE Std 802.1AR-2018 Published Status Approved June 14th 2018, Published 2nd August 2018. Editor Mick Seaman
History
In June, John Dawson and John Seater, economists at Appalachian State University and North Carolina State University, respectively, published a potentially important study (ungated version here) in the Journal of Economic Growth that shows the effects of regulatory accumulation on the US economy. Several others have already summarized the study's results (two examples here and here) with respect to how the accumulation of federal regulation caused substantial reductions in the growth rate of GDP. So, while the results are important, I won't dwell on them here. The short summary is this: using a new measure of federal regulation in an endogenous growth model, Dawson and Seater find that, on average, federal regulation reduced economic growth in the US by about 2% annually in the period from 1949 to 2005. Considering that economic growth is an exponential process, an average reduction of 2% over 57 years makes a big difference. A relevant excerpt tells just how big of a difference:
We can convert the reduction in output caused by regulation to more tangible terms by computing the dollar value of the loss involved. […] In 2011, nominal GDP was $15.1 trillion. Had regulation remained at its 1949 level, current GDP would have been about $53.9 trillion, an increase of $38.8 trillion. With about 140 million households and 300 million people, an annual loss of $38.8 trillion converts to about $277,100 per household and $129,300 per person.
These are large numbers, but in fact they aren't much different from what a bevy of previous studies have found about the effects of regulation. The key differences between this study and most previous studies are the method of measuring regulation and the model used to estimate regulation's effect on economic growth and total factor productivity.
In a multi-part series, I will focus on the tools that allowed Dawson and Seater to produce this study: 1. A new time series measure of total federal regulation, and 2. Models of endogenous growth. My next post will go into detail on Dawson and Seater's new time series measure of regulation, and compares it to other metrics that have been used. Then I'll follow up with a post discussing endogenous growth models, which consider that policy decisions can affect the accumulation of knowledge and the rates of innovation and entrepreneurship in an economy, and through these mechanisms affect economic growth.
Why should you care about something as obscure as a “time series measure of regulation” and “endogenous growth theory?” Regulations—a form of law that lawyers call administrative law—create a hidden tax. When the Department of Transportation creates new regulations that mandate that cars must become more fuel efficient, all cars become more expensive, in the same way that a tax on cars would make them more expensive. Even worse, the accumulation of regulations over time stifle innovation, hinder entrepreneurship, and create unintended consequences by altering the prices of everyday purchases and activities. For an example of hindering entrepreneurship, occupational licensing requirements in 17 states make it illegal for someone to braid hair for a living without first being licensed, a process which, in Pennsylvania at least, requires 300 hours of training, at least a 10th grade education, and passing a practical and a theory exam. Oh, and after you've paid for all that training, you still have to pay for a license.
And for an example of unintended consequences: Transportation Security Administration procedures in airports obviously slow down travel. So now you have to leave work or home 30 minutes or even an hour earlier than you would have otherwise, and you lose the chance to spend another hour with your family or finishing some important project. Furthermore, because of increased travel times when flying, some people choose to drive instead of fly. Because driving involves a higher risk of accident and death than does flying, this shift, caused by regulation, of travelers from plane to car actually causes people to die (statistically speaking), as this paper showed.
Economists have realized the accumulation of regulation must be causing serious problems in the economy. As a result, they have been trying to measure regulation in different ways, in order to include regulation in their models and better study its impact. One famous measure of regulation, which I'll discuss in more detail in my next post, is the OECD's index of Product Market Regulation. That rather sanitized term, “product market regulation,” actually consists of several components that are directly relevant to a would-be entrepreneur (such as the opacity of a country's licenses and permits system and administrative burdens for sole proprietorships) and to a consumer (such as price controls, which can lead to shortages like we often see after hurricanes where anti-price gouging laws exist, and barriers to foreign direct investment, which could prevent multinational firms like Toyota from building a new facility and creating new jobs in a country). But as you'll see in the next post, that OECD measure (and many other measures) of regulation miss a lot of regulations that also directly affect every individual and business. In any science, correct measurement is a necessary first step to empirical hypothesis testing.
Dawson and Seater have contributed a new measure of regulation that improves upon previously existing ones in many ways, although it also has its drawbacks. And because their new measure of regulation offers many more years of observations than most other measures, it can be used in an endogenous growth model to estimate how regulation has affected the growth of the US economy. Again, in endogenous growth models, policy decisions (such as how much regulation to create) affect economic growth if they affect the rates of accumulation of knowledge, innovation, and entrepreneurship. It's by using their measure in an endogenous growth model that Dawson and Seater were able to estimate that individuals in the US would have been $129,300 richer if regulations had stayed at their 1949 level. I'll explain a bit more about endogenous growth theory in a second follow-up post. But first things first—my next post will go into detail on measures of regulation and Dawson and Seater's innovation.
*
Methinks Israel is in for a big surprise on it's 66th birthday….. no one is in ‘celebration mode'… or mood. The failed ‘Peace Talks', the economic situation, the recent scandals among high government officials could be part of the reason. The ongoing crisis between Israel and Palestine is probably the main factor, people on both sides of the wall are sick and tired of the needless killing.
*
In years gone by blue and white flags were visible everywhere…. on private cars, on Windows and terraces….everywhere. I always thought of it as an ‘in your face' demonstration against the people of Palestine that did NOT have a national day (or nation) to fly their flag. This year, hardly a flag is flying. Yesterday, while strolling through my neighbourhood, I counted three cars that had flags attached to their windows. In the past everyone that purchased an Israeli newspaper on Friday received a large Israeli flag as a gift, compliments of one of the major banks here….. this year this was not to be.
*
THIS article from the New York Times articulates a bit on the mood in Israel and the possible reasons for it. It is dated, but still valid. The attitude of many Jews living outside of Israel is “We will celebrate when Arab and Jew live as equals in a peaceful Middle East.” That quote is taken from a letter that appeared in The Guardian a few years ago.
*
Hopefully, very soon, the flags will once again fly, two of them side by side, as our two nations celebrate their independence TOGETHER .
I had a chocolate craving so I made these, and they definitely hit the spot! Mine ended up being quadruple chocolate chip because I only had milk and white striped chocolate chips (rather than just one or the other), but I wasn't complaining about it!
Triple Chocolate Chip Cookies
Ingredients
1 cup butter
1 cup granulated sugar
½ cup packed brown sugar
2 eggs
1 teaspoon vanilla
2 cups all-purpose flour
½ cup cocoa powder
1 teaspoon baking soda
¼ teaspoon salt
1 cup semi-sweet chocolate chips
1 cup white or milk chocolate chips
Directions
Place racks on top and bottom third of oven and preheat to 350oF. Line baking sheets with parchment paper, tin foil, or grease them, and set aside.
In a large bowl, beat butter with sugars until fluffy. Add in eggs, one at a time, then add vanilla.
In a separate bowl combine flour, cocoa, baking soda, and salt; whisk well. Add to the butter mixture, until well mixed. Stir in chocolate chips.
Drop tablespoons of dough about 2 inches apart onto prepared sheets. Bake on top and bottom thirds of oven for 12-14 minutes (until no longer glossy), rotating and switching the pans halfway through. Transfer to racks and cool completely.
Source: Canadian Living
This recipe has been entered in the Christmas in July Cookie Contest as a member of Food Bloggers of Canada!
Advertisements
Kyle, Texas, seeks to break the Guinness Book of World Records this fall and needs your help at the inaugural “Pie in the Sky Festival.” Per chance, are you named Kyle or Kylie?
The City of Kyle is attempting to break a world record during a festival over Labor Day Weekend by organizing a festival to commemorate a celebration of all things “Kyle,” including all things pie-related in its quest to claim the title “Pie Capital of Texas.”
Photo: adventurejay.com
The “Pie in the Sky Festival” will include live music and hot air balloons on September 1-2, located at Lake Kyle. The balloon festival is the monumental event where the city hopes to attempt to set the Guinness World Record for the most people named Kyle in one place.
According to the City of Kyle, you can register to participate here where the participants will check in at the designated location and gather for mass participation photo. You can look forward to a variety of pie-themed activities, hot air balloon launch, then to follow a “glow” in the evening. The hot balloon festival will feature 25 hot air balloons from all over Texas.
Visit kyletxpieinthesky.com for the schedule of events, important dates, times, and to purchase tickets. The event has been scheduled, and more information will be released soon regarding featured vendors and featured live music. For more information, contact Special Events Specialist Sarah Watson by email or by phone at 512-938-8098.
The gate to Zul Aman, before the instance existed in World of Warcraft. See more video game system pictures ©2004-2009 Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. All rights reserved. The Burning Crusade is a trademark, and World of Warcraft and Blizzard Entertainment are trademarks or registered trademarks of Blizzard Entertainment, Inc. in the U.S. and/or other countries.
­Imagine it's the night before patch day. You've parked your level-70 character, decked out in epic gear, outside what will soon be the forest ruins of Zul'Aman. Right now, it's just rocky pavilion with huge, wooden gates you can't open. But tomorrow, it will become the entrance to a dungeon full of trolls. You and nine of your friends hope to be the first players on your server to go inside.
It's a risky proposition -- and not just because Zul'Aman is full of enemies that are far more powerful than you are. Zul'Aman is an addition to the massively multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) "World of Warcraft," or WoW. As anyone who plays the game can tell you, making additions or changes to such an immense, dynamic world can cause some problems. On patch day, players often experience everything from server instability to problems with their user interface (UI) and addons. Players did get into Zul'Aman the day its patch went live, but only after the servers were down for hours of extended maintenance. And that didn't quite rival hours of downtime spread across two days just before the launch of the most recent "World of Warcraft" expansion, "Wrath of the Lich King."
Patch-day technical difficulties and the joy of exploring a new dungeon both come from the same basic source -- the enormous collision of people and data. The game worlds of Azeroth and Outland include 60 regions spread out across four continents. Each region has its own landscape and inhabitants -- both friendly and unfriendly -- and sometimes its own weather. Then there are representations of players' characters and everything they wear, carry and use. You can boil all of this down to ones and zeros stored on computer hard drives.
Players interact with all this data using their computers and an Internet connection. The players' computers store some of the data, and a remote server provides the rest. As one player interacts with the world, the world changes for other players -- the movement of data back and forth between the computer and the server allows this to happen.
­Multiply this information by the thousands of players who can log on to a particular server at the same time, and the amount of traveling data becomes staggering. All the people playing the game also have the potential to make unpredictable decisions, making the exact interactions between players and the game hard to predict. When you think about the game in terms of so much traveling data, it's not surprising that patches and updates can have far-reaching effects.
In this article, we'll look at what it takes for data to become an interactive, persistent game world. We'll also explore the game's architecture and the people it takes to keep the game running. We'll begin with the human factor -- the people who play "World of Warcraft" and why they play it.
screen, or GNU screen, is a terminal multiplexer. It allows managing multiple terminal sessions within the same console. In a way, it does the same thing as modern terminal emulators such as Terminator or Terminology with their built-in tab system and layout management. The main benefit is that screen also works through an SSH connection: you will be able to use your screen knowledge and configuration on any machine supporting screen in the world!
screen has been around for almost 30 years so it's pretty stable now. It is released under the GPL license.
The main issue I had when starting with screen was its relative difficulty when compared to simple terminal emulators. So I will make a tour of the most useful keyboard shortcuts for a practical use, and share with you my screen config. You can also jump directly to the cheatsheet if you want.
Basic usage
screen is not installed by default, so you need to install it first using your package manager.
To start screen, open a terminal and run the command screen . Not that hard, is it?
We're ready to start learning screen. Don't worry, that's only a few commands!
Window management
Now you have opened screen, the first thing you need to know is how to create a new "window" (i.e. a new virtual terminal). To do so, press the keys Ctrl+a , and then press c . The screen shortcuts all consist of Ctrl+a (called "escape key" or "prefix") followed by another key. You now have two windows opened running in parallel, you can have vim in the first one, and a bash in the second one for example, and that's what screen is all about.
You can visualize all the opened windows with Ctrl+a " . This view allows you to navigate through your windows with the arrow keys, the 0-9 numbers and the enter key. This command is great because it gives you a global overview of your current session, I used it a lot at first.
But there are more ways to navigate through the windows! I personally use almost exclusively the commands Ctrl+a p (previous window) and Ctrl + a n (next window). These shortcuts require having your windows in mind though, but it comes with practice. And don't forget Ctrl+a " is here to rescue you in case of doubt. ;)
It's also possible to jump to another window with the command Ctrl+a number , where number is a number between 0 and 9. This matches the "Num" column of the Ctrl+a " view.
Finally, you can kill a window when you have no use for it anymore. To do so, just press Ctrl+d in the shell. There's also a screen command with the "same" effect but it's usually better to proceed this way. Note if you kill all the windows of a session, the session terminates.
Summary:
Ctrl+a c to create a new window
to create a new window Ctrl+a " to visualize the opened windows
to visualize the opened windows Ctrl+a p and Ctrl+a n to switch with the previous/next window
and to switch with the previous/next window Ctrl+a number to switch to the window number
to switch to the window number Ctrl+d to kill a window
Session management
Now you can manage your windows, it is time you learn how to manage your screen sessions.
You just learned you can terminate a session by killing all its windows, that's a good start. We will now see how to exit a session without killing it. It means you'll be able to manage multiple persistent sessions in parallel. This is called "detaching" a session. To be clear, a detached session is a session which is still active in background, but on which no one is connected. An attached session is a session which is active and currently used.
The first thing I'll ask you to do is to kill your current screen session if you haven't done it already. You can then list all your screen sessions by running the command screen -ls . If all your sessions are closed, it should print something like:
No Sockets found in /var/run/screen/S-thiht.
Now, we'll start a new session, but we'll give it a name so that we can come back to it more easily later. Run the command screen -S my_session . If you run the command screen -ls , you should obtain something like:
There is a screen on: 10321.my_session (Attached) 1 Socket in /var/run/screen/S-thiht.
Since you're connected to the session, it's presented as attached.
Now you're connected to a session named "my_session", you can detach it from the current terminal with the command Ctrl+a d . This should result in a message like:
[detached from 10321.my_session]
As usual, you can list the currently running sessions with screen -ls . This time, "my_session" should be listed as detached:
There is a screen on: 10321.my_session (Detached) 1 Socket in /var/run/screen/S-thiht.
I suggest you start and detach a few screen sessions to understand how it works. Be careful not to use the same session name twice, screen allows it but it can be more painful to resume a session if there are name conflicts.
With multiple screen sessions, the screen -ls gives something like:
There are screens on: 10474.downloads (Detached) 10427.work (Detached) 10321.my_session (Detached) 3 Sockets in /var/run/screen/S-thiht.
If there aren't any conflicts, you can resume a session simply with the command screen -x session_name . So for example if you run screen -x my_session , your session "my_session" will be resumed with the windows you opened before! And if you run screen -ls , it should appear as attached:
There are screens on: 10474.downloads (Detached) 10427.work (Detached) 10321.my_session (Attached) 3 Sockets in /var/run/screen/S-thiht.
A last useful thing you should know is how to kill a detached session without connecting to it. To do so, the command to run is a bit tricky: screen -S session_name -X quit . This means you pass the command "quit" to the session named "session_name". It's a bit hard to remember so I generally simply resume my session and kill all its windows one by one.
Summary:
screen -ls to list the sessions and their status
to list the sessions and their status screen -S session_name to start a session with a given name. The name should be unique
to start a session with a given name. The name should be unique Ctrl+a d to detach a session
to detach a session screen -x session_name to resume (reattach) a session knowing its name
to resume (reattach) a session knowing its name screen -S session_name -X quit to terminate a detached session
Advanced usage
The hardest part is over! You have discovered screen and you know how to use it. All you need now is practice.
In this section, I'll present a few interesting features of screen, but they're definitely not necessary to use it, so feel free to come back and read this part later.
Layout management
In the introduction, I talked about how Terminator and Terminology can work as layout managers. The good news is screen also permits to do that. So to split horizontally, you can use the command Ctrl+a S , and to split vertically you can use Ctrl+a | .
To switch to the next region (this is how the split panes are called), the command to use is Ctrl+a <Tab> . Each region behaves normally: you can run any command you have learned so far.
To close the current region, use Ctrl+a X . If you work with a lot of panes, you can close them all but the current one with Ctrl+a Q .
Summary:
Ctrl+a S to split horizontally
to split horizontally Ctrl+a | to split vertically
to split vertically Ctrl+a <Tab> to switch to the next region
to switch to the next region Ctrl+a X to close the current region
to close the current region Ctrl+a Q to close all the regions but the current one
Work with the buffer
To follow, I'll talk about an important feature of screen: the copy mode, or scrollback mode.
To enter the copy mode, the command is either Ctrl+a <Esc> or Ctrl+a [ , choose your side. The copy mode allows you to navigate through the console buffer without using your mouse. Since you can't use your wheel to scroll by default, this is the normal way to go back in the results. This mode lets you use some vim commands for the movements (arrow keys, 0 , $ , g , G , etc.).
You can copy some text (that's what the mode is for!) by marking the beginning and the end of a section with the space bar. You can then paste it with Ctrl+a ] . For more informations, check the man screen and look for "copy".
Summary:
Ctrl+a <Esc> or Ctrl+a [ to enter in copy mode
or to enter in copy mode <Space> to select and copy some text in copy mode
to select and copy some text in copy mode Ctrl+a ] to paste the content of the buffer
Session sharing
I'll finish with a last screen feature I want you to know about: it allows sharing a session between multiple users. When working on a remote server, this comes really handy.
So first, you have to start a session as usual. Then, we'll use the command mode of screen to enable the multiuser mode and give the access right to some users. To enter the command mode, type Ctrl+a : . You can then enable the multiuser mode with the command multiuser on.
Then to add a specific user to the session, enter the command mode again with Ctrl+a : and type the command acladd username (ACL stands for "Access Control List") with the name of the user you want to add instead of username.
The user username is now able to join your session simply with the command screen -x your_username/session_name . The session is completely shared, which means you can see what the other users do in real time and so can they.
When a session is shared with multiple users, it can be nice to know who is currently connected on it. You can have this info and more thanks to the command Ctrl+a * . The view shows a few useful informations, namely the window a user is currently using, or their permissions.
Finally, you can revoke the access rights of user with the command acldel username in command mode. There's more you can do to manage a shared session, but I won't go into details, the man page covers everything. Now you have a basic understanding of screen, it should be easier to understand.
Summary:
Ctrl+a : to switch to command mode "multiuser on" to enable the multiuser mode "acladd username" to give the access rights to the user username "acldel username" to remove the access rights to the user username
screen -x owner/session_name to join a session started by another user
Ctrl+a * to list the other connections to a session
Practical tips
Automatically list the screen sessions
When I start my terminal, I like it to list the current screen sessions. To do so, I simply added the screen -ls command to my .bashrc. So now whenever I open a terminal, I'm welcomed with my screen status:
There are screens on: 2927.my_screen3 (Attached) 2882.my_screen2 (Attached) 2840.my_screen1 (Detached) 3 Sockets in /var/run/screen/S-thiht.
Not only is it really useful to have this status without asking for it, but it is also a good way to think about always using screen.
Good aliases
As you're now aware, screen uses a lot of options. I tried to keep only the most useful in this article but they're still a pain to remember. A good way to remember them is to use aliases. I personally use the following:
alias sn = 'screen -S' # sn for screen new alias sl = 'screen -ls' # sl for screen list alias sr = 'screen -x' # sr for screen resume function sk () { # sk for screen kill # function instead of alias because the order of the parameters matters screen -S " $1 " -X quit }
These aliases don't conflict with anything standard and they're really easier to remember and to type, so I strongly advise you to use them!
Custom configuration
screen can be customized in various ways through a .screenrc file, located in your home folder. One of the most useful tricks is the status bar.
I won't go through the configuration of screen in details (you can read man screen or other articles to learn more), but simply share my commented .screenrc with you:
# enable the altscreen # for example in vim, it allows scrolling with the mouse without # "overflowing" on the terminal # also it doesn't "pollute" the terminal when you quit vim altscreen on # automatically detach the session if the terminal is closed autodetach on # larger command history defscrollback 10000 # set the encoding of the windows to utf-8 defutf8 on # disable the startup message startup_message off # allow scrolling termcapinfo xterm* ti@:te@ # disable the annoying visual bell vbell off # status bar # %{= wk}: set the color to white on black # %S: screen session name # %-w: previous windows # %{= kw}: set the color to black on white # %n: current window number # %t: current window title # %{= wk}: set the color to white on black # %+w: next windows caption always "%{= wk}%S: %-w%{= kw}%n %t%{= wk}%+w"
Note you can enable any of these options directly from screen's command mode.
Cheatsheet of the main commands
Basic usage
Command Description screen Start a session screen -ls List the sessions and their status screen -S session_name Start a session named "session_name" screen -x session_name Resume the session named "session_name" screen -S session_name -X quit Terminate the session named "session_name"
Command Description Ctrl+a c Create a new window Ctrl+a k Kill the current window ( Ctrl+d does the same thing) Ctrl+a " List the opened windows Ctrl+a p / n Go to the previous/next window Ctrl+a 0 - 9 Goes to the window n Ctrl+a d Detach the screen session Ctrl+a : Enter the command mode
Split mode
Command Action Ctrl+a S Split horizontally Ctrl+a ❘ Split vertically Ctrl+a <Tab> Go to the next region Ctrl+a X Close the current region Ctrl+a Q Close all the regions but the current one
Copy mode
Command Action Ctrl+a <Esc> / [ Enter the copy mode <Space> Mark a selection Ctrl+a ] Paste the content of the buffer
Shared session
Command Action Ctrl+a : multiuser on Enable the multiuser mode Ctrl+a : acladd username Give the access rights to username Ctrl+a : acldel username Revoke the access rights to username Ctrl+a * List the other connections to the session screen -x owner/session_name Join a session started by another user
Conclusion
screen is a powerful tool if you use the terminal a lot. Yet, it has some drawbacks, that can be pretty annoying. To list a few you will be confronted to if you really try to use it:
bad UTF-8 support. There are a few configurations to make screen work fine with unicode, but it's still a bit messy. I am not even sure there is a proper way to handle UTF-8 characters in the status bar...
insane status bar configuration. You can see it in the .screenrc I provided, crafting a neat status bar is really hard. It's a shame given how useful they are!
Good news though, all these issues are allegedly solved with tmux, another more recent terminal mutiplexer. I've only used it as a replacement of screen for a few days so I will wait a bit before reviewing it, but it's very similar to screen in its usage, and I'm very satisfied with it so far.
The job, which began a month ago, must be completed by Tuesday to begin distribution across the country ahead of the July 2 election. The Labor Party launched its campaign on Sunday but may struggle for election-day signage. Credit:Wolter Peeters But matters were made worse on Saturday when the owner of the Brookvale premises of Roller Poster, located in the heart of Tony Abbott's electorate of Warringah turned off the electricity, halting all operations. Landlord John Hindman cut the power and demanded $5000 in rent arrears from the liquidator, who has brought in new staff to man the antiquated printing machine. Mr Hindman's lawyer, Lorne Havenstein, told Fairfax Media that Mr Hindman and liquidator Amanda Young met on Saturday afternoon at the Sands Hotel in Narrabeen to try to resolve the matter.
Mr Hindman is concerned because removing the decades-old printing equipment from the premises would cost an estimated $100,000 if it is left behind when the company is shuttered. Late on Saturday, the liquidator agreed to immediately pay $5000 rent to Mr Hindman and agreed to remove the machinery once the Labor signage is wrapped and trucked from the site. By the time the power was turned back on, the printing press had been out of action for about five hours. "It appears to be on a knife-edge as to whether they can get the job done in time," Mr Havenstein said. Ms Young, who was appointed liquidator at 3pm on Friday, said the Labor Party order was almost complete.
"Rolling was to take place over the weekend and we expect shipment to occur on Tuesday or Wednesday this week," they told Fairfax Media. "A commerciality assessment was conducted on this order, after which it was decided that this order would be given priority. "All orders were also assessed for commerciality and the benefit they would ultimately have for creditors." A landline number at the former Roller Poster Company, owned by Tim Wilson of Manly, was not answered on Sunday. The company's website boasts of its reliable service.
"Because we have a dedicated production plant in Sydney we can do it really quickly. And by quickly we mean just a few days from art to finish. After all - we've been printing continuously since 1994! And still on a roll," it claims. Comment has been sought from Labor. Follow us on Twitter
VANCOUVER, BC – Father's Day isn't celebrated in Australia until September, but Bernie Ibini was still thinking about their old man this weekend.
In fact, there isn't a day that goes by that he's not.
Ibini, who grew up in Sydney, Australia, made their Major League Soccer and Vancouver Whitecaps FC debut in Saturday's 1-1 draw with FC Dallas. It was a proud moment for the 24-year-old – and one he's not sure would have ever happened if it wasn't for their upbringing.
“Work hard. Strive for the best. If you want something, go get it.”
That's one of the main lessons Ibini learned from their late father, who suddenly passed away from a heart attack in 2013. And that advice helped Ibini get to where they are today.
Born in Port Harcourt, Nigeria, Ibini moved to Australia with their family when they were a baby. They began playing soccer at primary school and quickly fell in love with the sport, joining their local club at the age of six upon recommendation of a school teacher.
Impressing at every level they played, Ibini eventually made their professional debut with Central Coast Mariners in 2010. They spent three years with the A-League club, helping them win the league title in 2013 with seven goals and a nomination for the league's Young Player of the Year award, before moving on to Shanghai East Asia FC of the Chinese Super League.
Things got off to a good start in China, too.
But then, when Ibini was back home in Australia for the holidays, they got the news of their father's death, which changed everything – for him, their mother, and their three younger siblings.
“Changed a lot, to be fair,” said Ibini, who often celebrates their goals by pointing up to the heavens in honour of their father. “Just like the importance that you make the most of every day and every opportunity you get. It was tough for my family but we stuck together.”
• 18.11.13 // 2 years| A post shared by B 🇦🇺🇳🇬 (@bernieibini) on Nov 18, 2015 at 2:01am PST
All of a sudden, Ibini was the man of the household at 20 years old.
And it was a responsibility they did not take lightly, which is why they decided to leave their club in China and return home to be closer to the family.
“I wanted to stay with my family and they wanted me to stay with them so we could all try to get through it the best we could,” they said. “I have to commend my mom because they had to play both roles for us and they did a great job. I just tried to help out as much as I can and tried to be more mature and mentally strong for them.”
And that mental strength was tested again a few years later.
Once they and their family started to get a handle on things at home, Ibini made the move to Club Brugge in the Belgian top-flight in 2015 – an exciting next step in their career. It was going to be their first experience playing in Europe, something many footballers around the world dream of.
And it was something they knew their father would have supported.
But within two weeks of signing with the club, Ibini suffered a broken leg in training that would keep them sidelined for 15 months. It was a “devastating” turn of events, they said, but nothing compared to what they had already been through.
“I looked within myself, I thought of my dad, and I would constantly speak to my family and friends,” Ibini said. “They helped a lot. I tried to not feel sorry for myself. I tried to use every day as something I could build upon. If it wasn't my leg, something I could build upon in terms of strength and that sort of stuff. Just use that time as much as I can.”
Ibini never ended up playing a game for Club Brugge.
Instead, they were loaned back to Sydney FC last year before ultimately making the move to Vancouver, where they are hoping to “improve as a player” and get their career back on track.
The big Aussie has been in Vancouver for about a month now. And they have liked what he's seen.
“I've been enjoying it,” said Ibini, who has been hanging out with Sam Adekugbe and Tony Tchani. “I've got an apartment and car now so I'm finally settling in. The city is very beautiful, teammates are all great, and it's a well set-up club. With the facilities we just moved into, it's a really exciting time.”
They look to be an exciting player, too.
Ibini, who can play as a winger or forward, is big, fast, and strong – someone Whitecaps FC head coach Carl Robinson believes has “all the characteristics you need to be successful in this league.” As their highlight reel illustrates, he's also got style to match their image off the pitch.
But don't let the tattooed arms, gold chain, or diamond earrings fool you.
“I would say I'm a pretty laid back person away from the game,” Ibini said. “I like to watch basketball, listen to music, just chill out, go to cafes and restaurants with my girlfriend, and that sort of stuff … I'm a pretty simple guy.”
They got that from their dad, too.
The international voluntary organization “InformNapalm” has determined the precise location of the Russian R-381T2 UHF signal intelligence station included in the R-381T “Taran” complex, employed by Russian militants during the Debaltsevo battles in the winter of 2015.
Back on October 21, 2015 the photo of an R-381T2 with a geotag in Zorinsk situated 15 km from Debaltsevo was published in a Russian militant's profile known as “Igor Petrovichev“. For some reason, the photo remained virtually ignored by the public, although this piece of equipment was identified by us and mentioned in the article “Donetsk. Russian ‘Torn' And ‘Taran' Radio Intelligence Systems at ‘Sparta' Base“.
R-381T “Taran” is an automatic signals intelligence complex operating between 1.5MHz and 1000 MHz, usually utilized at the tactical as well as the operational and tactical level. In its basic variant, the complex consists of seven vehicles, however it is possible to employ it in a reduced mode of five vehicles, or use individual systems independently. The coverage radius is up to 40 km, or up to 100 km as an anti-aircraft system. For more details, you can refer to the article referenced above.
Recently, new photos (1, 2) of the same item in the same place were published. These photos were provided by Alexey Zhuravlev, an Uzbekistan native, born on April, 19 1970. Their social profile lists Tolyatti, Russia as the current city of residence.
The positive identification of the location was made possible thanks to the photo of Krasnodon Young Guards (Soviet resistance organization in WW2) monument in Zorinsk.
For better identification and depiction of the most prominent objects at the location, two similar photos were superimposed on each other, and then the resulting image was superimposed on a map. For precise geolocation the unique objects were marked by colored marks. The curved part of gas pipe is marked by blue.
The militants in the photos
Andrey Pritula is a militant of the Independent Reconnaissance Battalion of the Luhansk Corps of Russian Terrorist Forces, born on August, 30 1993. Currently they live peacefully in Luhansk on their “bloody” money, trying to hide their participation in Russian Terrorist Forces. However, their comrades gave them away.
Below is a recent photo with their wife.
We can only wonder if they had to travel with their wife into the peaceful government controlled territory of Ukraine to arrange social benefits for the children? It would be interesting to find that out…
Sergey Beliaev is a native of Yekaterinburg, Russia, enlisted as Russian Cossack, born December, 8 1978.
Russian humor: according to the comment under this photo, these are not “militants” at all, but rather ordinary airsoft players in the steppe of the occupied Donbas. Maybe Mr. Putin should use the same name for their hybrid army?
Alexey Zhuravlev has already been discussed above.
For the final note, we want to point out an interesting conversation under one of these photos signed as “The South-East (Ukraine). My brother fights for a just cause and I'm proud of him!!!”. It was posted by Andrey's brother, Mikhail Zhuravlev-Zhdanov, living in Tashkent, Uzbekistan. This photo is also present in Alexey Zhuravlev's profile.
In Mikhail's words the echo of Russian propaganda is heard clearly: when people have no opinion of their own, they repeat everything they hear on TV. It is hard to understand whether this is a thoughtful opinion of a Russian woman or Dmitriy Kiselev's suggestion, when the Tolyatti citizen asks: “In Uzbekistan, do they condone Poroshenko's punitive actions against the South-East of Ukraine?“. And the brother of the militant, who themselves also wants to kill Ukrainians in Donbas, replies, “Inessa, I don't give a damn; Karimov (the president of Uzbekistan – ed. note) doesn't approve of the actions of the Ukrainian army, so it's all okeydokey 😉“.
CC BY 4.0 – Original article written by Vidal Sorokin, translated by Dmitry Teploukhov. Upon reuse of the material, an active link to the author and our project is desirable.
It seems we common folk aren't the only ones who find TSA‘s security checks intrusive. Transportation Security Administration officials have recently caused not one but two international incidents with India by searching diplomats.
India's ambassador to the U.S. Meera Shankar got frisked at an airport on December 4. They were pulled out of the line because they had brown skin and was wearing a sari in a random search. When they revealed they were a diplomat, security officials were unimpressed and frisked them anyway.
Now it turns out this wasn't the first incident, the BBC reports. Two weeks ago India's UN envoy, Hardeep Puri , who is Sikh, was asked to remove their turban. Sikh men think it is immodest to remove their turbans in public. Once again, the diplomat mentioned their special status and was ignored. They were taken into a holding room so the turban could be checked for whatever it was the TSA thought they were hiding in there.
Hey, at least they didn't have to go through a body scanner like Baywatch actor Donna D'Errico.
Mumbai, Sep 12 (PTI) Australia has witnessed over 14.6 per cent growth in Indian visitors travelling to the continent country for the year ended June 2017, at 2,71,100 travellers.
In the year ending June 2016, 2,41,700 Indians travelled to Australia, according to data by Tourism Australia.
"This makes India the ninth largest inbound market for arrivals for Australia for the year ended June 2017. Looking this trend we expect to reach close to 3,00,000 visitors from India in the calender year ending December 2017," Tourism Australia Country Manager, India and Gulf, Nishant Kashikar said.
In the year ended June 2017, 68 per cent of Indian visitors travelled to Australia for leisure (1,87,850).
Other visitors travelled for business (31,900), employment (21,000), education (20,450) and other purposes (15,900).
Leisure visitors are on holiday (74,550) or visiting friends and relatives (1,13,300).
In terms of spending Indians are positioned eighth with an average spend of AUD 5,491 per person.
For the year ending June 2017, Indian visitors spent AUD 1.43 billion (around Rs 7,150 crore) on their trips to Australia, an increase of 30 per cent over the previous year.
In the year ending June 2016, Indian travellers had spent AUD 1.1 billion.
Indian visitors spent 14.7 million nights in Australia during the year ending June 2017, an increase of 4 per cent over 2016. PTI SM NRB
Unearthing Five Lost Gems From Psychedelic India
Enlarge this image toggle caption Fred Miller
On Aug. 15, 1947, Great Britain granted India independence after nearly 200 years of colonial rule. But Britain's cultural influences remained as the English governors departed; many British nationals and the English companies — such as recording behemoth RCA/HMV/EMI — that had established Indian subsidiaries to cater to this "emerging" market and an Anglo-Indian clientele remained and flourished in this "new" India.
As the swing and lounge acts of the early '50s gave way to rock bands in the late '50s and early '60s in cities such as Bombay and Calcutta (now known as Mumbai and Kolkata), the emerging scene found inspiration in the broadcasts of All India Radio, which featured Western pop in its programming. RCA/HMV/EMI also pressed records from Western rock acts — and even those of some pioneering Indian rock bands, albeit in limited quantities.
From the mid-'60s through 1970, India's Western-influenced garage scene flourished, even as the Western acts that were inspiring it looked eastward for their influences. By 1967, when The Velvet Underground released its Indian-influenced masterpiece The Velvet Underground and Nico and The Beatles released Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band, there was a thrilling garage-rock scene cropping up in college towns such as Madras, now known as Chennai. Strengthened by the founding of the rock zine Junior Statesman and the Battles of the Bands held by the Simla cigarette company at Shanmukhananda Hall in Mumbai, this largely underground scene — the first to spawn psychedelic music in India — inspired film composers like the brothers known as Kalyanji Anandji and the maestro R.D. Burman to take the psychedelic plunge in their landmark Bollywood recordings of the '70s.
Following the demise of the Simla Beat contests in the early '70s, Junior Statesman teamed up with clothing manufacturer Cordel to host the JS-Cordel Beat Contest, which served as inspiration for the second wave of Indian psychedelic bands, to whose ranks Atomic Forest belongs. The fuzz pedal beneath the guitar of frequent R.D. Burman collaborator Bhupinder Singh owes a tremendous amount to the influence of these groundbreaking underground bands; unfortunately, most have wallowed in obscurity, their contributions to India's psychedelic scenes floating as ghost notes within the commercial Bollywood scene of the '70s.
I wasn't looking forward to Mother's Day since no children were going to honor me and my own mother is long gone. My plan was to just suck it up and go out for an omelette. I forgot to factor in my newsletters.
I get so many newsletters even though I'm always cancelling them. The one's I really should cancel are the suicide alliance newsletter and the one for parents of adult children who hate them. They mean well and at times they have been mildly comforting. They aren't as bad as the one from Compassionate Friends, which has a lot of butterflies.
So they each sent out a special thing about mother's day, offering platitudes that make everything so much worse.
The suicide one offered poems from mothers, sharing their Journeys, along the lines of
I remember my shock and how numb I felt
and how I cried
and sobbed
and how I couldn't get out of bed and
wanted to die
and how I sat in their room
and sobbed some more….
This isn't verbatim, the poems were actually more upsetting and alarming. Not a Journey I wish to take since my own Journey is quite enough even though I'm not on one.
The Adult Kids Who Hate You newsletter had some advice on how to answer questions from nosy friends about what you're doing on Mother's Day. Stuff like, “My daughter is very independent so she's off doing them thing.”
Haha, jesus christ, how about a nice “Fuck you, mind your own business”?
Tips on how to handle shame and guilt must be good for somebody and there must be market for them. Me, I'm not ashamed or guilty. My kids can go read about shame and guilt since they're the ones who left the world or Can't Stand Mommy.
Instead of the omelette, I cooked a chicken for my mother-in-law and brought it over to them I make a damn good chicken, as many people already know, and they cleaned them plate. Them own daughter had elected to celebrate mothers day by going to Las Vegas and not even calling.
Mothers and children of mothers, it's a hard road being a human being even if you aren't in Yemen eating dirt. The only thing to do is cancel your newsletters and carry on.
photo – Denis Dailleux, Mother and Son 2009
This hacker has a ham radio and a wrench. “He's probably pretty ready to wreck your Internet connection with those,” jokes Hacker Dojo's Katy Levinson. Photo by Santiago Zavala/Flickr
There's a long-standing struggle in the technology world over the meaning of the word hacker. For engineers and computer geeks, it's an honorific, connoting a person who jerry-rigs ingenious devices or programs, typically for the sheer satisfaction of doing so. It is this sense of the word that's conjured by the influential tech website Hacker News or by Facebook's Hackathons. Let's call these types of hackers “friendly hackers.”
In Hollywood, the computer security business, and the mainstream media, however, that meaning has gradually been overlapped by more sinister connotations. Since at least the 1980s, hacker has been widely used to refer to criminals who use computer code to break into other people's systems and steal information or otherwise wreak mayhem. The 1995 movie Hackers helped to solidify this usage in the popular parlance, and today it's common to hear of hackers infiltrating people's email accounts or stealing their credit card numbers. We'll call those types of hackers “evil hackers.” Sometimes the good guys are called “white hat hackers” and the bad guys “black hat hackers,” though of course there are gray areas.
In Mountain View, Calif., just down the street from the Googleplex, there's an unobtrusive, low-slung concrete building known as Hacker Dojo. Its members describe it as “part coworking space, part events venue, and part community center,” but Hacker Dojo is also more than that. It's a nonprofit, grass-roots collective, a band of techies with widely varying skills and interests but a shared affinity for doing nifty things with computers and electronics. Some are unkempt and unemployed; others are well-groomed professionals. From their ranks have emerged startups as wildly successful as Pinterest, which was recently valued at some $2.5 billion. Hacker Dojo's members are, emphatically, of the friendly hacker variety.
Within the Silicon Valley tech community, the group is well-known and respected. But in the outside world, it has an image problem, thanks to that other definition of hacker. Many times over the years, tech blogs and other news outlets scouring the Internet for stock photos to go along with stories about evil hackers have landed on images associated with Hacker Dojo and plucked them up for publication. Sometimes it was the group's building and logo that ended up in these stories. Other times group members would find, to their chagrin, their own likenesses slapped onto news items about the cyber world's ne'er-do-wells. They didn't interpret this as an intentional slight. “It's because of Google autocomplete,” said Katy Levinson, a software engineer who serves as Hacker Dojo's development director. “Type in ‘hacker' and we're the second result.” For some less-than-diligent bloggers and editors, surely hard-up for photos of actual criminal hackers at work, the name hacker attached to photos that seemed to be licensed for commercial use was apparently enough.
All of which might have been more funny if it weren't for the fact that Hacker Dojo has been locked in a years-long fight for legitimacy in the eyes of buttoned-up Mountain View residents and city officials, who have several times threatened to fine or evict the group for a gamut of alleged violations of town zoning codes and other bylaws. Not to mention the group's existential need to raise money from donors uneager to give to a cause with shady connotations.
So, in true friendly hacker fashion, the group decided last year to solve its hacker photo problem by coming up with … a hack. Members staged a photo shoot in which they tried to embody all the absurd evil-hacker stereotypes they could think of. Hoodies. Dank basements. Green lights. Smoke machines. Wire cutters. Even rollerblades. (“As you probably learned in the 1995 movie ‘Hackers,' all hackers wear rollerblades,” Levinson joked in a blog post about the photo shoot.)
This staged photo of hackers wearing rollerblades is a sly reference to the 1995 movie Hackers. Photo by Katy Levinson/Flickr
Then they planted the photos on various publicly accessible Flickr accounts, tagging them as comprehensively as possible with keywords like “hacker,” “criminal hacker,” “teenage hacker,” and the like. Then they waited.
“It was kind of a cathartic process,” Levinson recalls. “I'm sure the actual people who stole your credit card do not have a fog machine at their feet and green lights in an abandoned warehouse.” But re-enacting those stereotypes helped the group work through its frustration with a culture in which hackers like Aaron Swartz are treated as threats to national security.
For months after the group posted the photos, nothing happened. Then, last month, they hit pay dirt. On Jan. 14, Wired.com—the distinguished gray lady of tech websites—ran an op-ed with the headline, “The FBI Needs Hackers, Not Backdoors.” The piece used the word hackers in the breaking-and-entering sense, not the clever-hobbyist sense. At the top, in eerie black and green, was one of Hacker Dojo's hacker photos. “Victory!” David Weekly, a Hacker Dojo board member, proclaimed on their Facebook page.
This image, staged by Hacker Dojo as a send-up of hacker stereotypes, appeared as the featured image in an article on Wired.com. Photo by Brian Klug/Flickr
On Tuesday, it happened again—appropriately enough, in a Wired.com post about Swartz. This time it was a less sensational image, one of a lone computer programmer sitting at a table in the faint glow of a single overhead bulb. The image, implausible as it is (whose workspace really looks like that?), feels oddly appropriate for Swartz, a troubled but brilliant young man who was admired by hackers around the world. Appropriate, because some of Swartz's actions put them in the gray area between the two meanings of hacker. In their soul, they were a friendly hacker. But they were willing to stoop to evil-hacker-like tactics for what they were sure was the greater good. Hacker Dojo's image depicts a friendly hacker in a way that makes them look like a stereotypical evil hacker—an apt metaphor for Swartz's plight.
Unlike some hacks, the goal of Hacker Dojo's stock-photo stunt was not publicity, and Levinson told me the group has no desire to embarrass any particular publication. Until now, the prank hasn't been publicized outside the Dojo, and its members didn't seek me out to crow about it—I just happened to catch Weekly's Facebook post. Still, once I contacted them, the group's members couldn't hide a little bit of pride in a hack well done. Asked how it felt to see the second parody image appear on Wired.com, Levinson evinced a bit of classic friendly hacker satisfaction: “Once you're lucky. Twice you're good.”
Carbon tax repeal bill: PUP to support legislation, Clive Palmer willing to "compromise" over refund
Updated
The Palmer United Party has backed down on demands that the carbon tax repeal legislation be applied retrospectively, in a move that boosts the chances of the bill passing the Senate.
The party's leader, Clive Palmer, still thinks companies should be entitled to a full carbon tax refund, but says they are prepared to "compromise".
"Our party policy was that if it's a bad tax, it should be repealed back to the day it was first introduced," Mr Palmer has told the ABC.
"But I mean, I guess on this sort of things, we're prepared to compromise to a certain degree."
However, the mining billionaire is insisting that the Government amend the repeal legislation so that power companies are required by law to pass on any savings.
Environment Minister Greg Hunt says the Government has already allocated more money for the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) to monitor price changes once the carbon tax is removed, with the threat of significant penalties if businesses try to rip off customers.
"I can make this guarantee: that we will legislate to not just repeal the carbon tax, but to ensure through ... the ACCC that electricity and gas savings are passed on to families, to consumers and to households," they told 774 ABC Melbourne.
But Mr Palmer says that does not go far enough, describing the ACCC as a "voluntary arrangement".
"I know large business companies - they'll have the repeal and they'll keep the margin, and the average person will pay more and more for electricity," they said.
"If we're going to reduce the carbon tax, we've got to make sure the pensioners, the disadvantaged, and normal families, get a 10 per cent reduction in their electricity bill.
"After all, that's what Tony Abbott's promised them."
The Government says power bills are forecast to be about 9 per cent lower and gas prices about 7 per cent lower once the carbon tax is removed, providing a $550 per year saving to the average household.
Mr Palmer says they have not discussed their new position with the Government because they have not spoken with him.
While their position on the carbon tax makes it more likely the legislation will pass the Senate, the fate of the Government's so-called direct action climate change policy remains unclear.
In April, Mr Palmer made it clear they would not support the multi-billion-dollar plan.
"We'll be voting against direct action, whatever form it's in," they said.
"If that's what the Government wants, they can call a double dissolution [election]."
Topics: environment, environmental-policy, government-and-politics, clive-palmer, australia
First posted
Updated 1:55 a.m. ET Sept. 19, 2012
(CBS/AP) NEW YORK -- Rebuking Mitt Romney, President Obama said Tuesday that Americans are not "victims" and that anyone seeking the presidency ought to be working for "everyone, not just some."
Mr. Obama's remarks came after a secretly taped and newly released video of the Republican presidential nominee showed Romney describing "47 percent of the people"as Obama supporters who depend on government and believe they are victims.
"My expectation is that if you want to be president, you have to work for everyone, not just for some," Mr. Obama said in a taping of the "Late Show" with David Letterman.
It was Mr. Obama's first response to the Romney video, which roiled Romney's campaign and put them on the defensive about their views about nearly half the nation.
In the video, taken during a May fundraiser and posted online Monday, Romney said it is not their job "to worry about those people." They were referring to what they called the president's locked-in supporters who believe they are "entitled to health care, to food, to housing, to you name it."
Romney has since said they made their point inelegantly in trying to describe differing visions for the nation.
"There are not a lot of people out there who think they are victims" or simply entitled, Mr. Obama said.
Obama: Most Americans don't think they're "victims" or "entitled"
And so, I promise you, there are not a lot of people out there who think they're victims. There are not a lot of people who think that they're entitled to something. What I think the majority of people, Democrats and Republicans believe is that we've got some obligations to each other, and there's nothing wrong with us giving each other a helping hand."
Mr. Obama also said they didn't know what Romney was even referring to with their "47 percent reference."
The president said that when they won in 2008, 47 percent was the amount of voters who went for their opponent, Republican Sen. John McCain. McCain actually got about 46 percent of the popular vote.
Current polling shows Mr. Obama with a slight edge over Romney.
"One thing I've learned as president," Mr. Obama said, "is that you represent the entire country."
Obama: Gridlock in Congress "doesn't exist" across America
Mr. Obama said people understand that the presidential candidates will make mistakes on the campaign trail. They said that includes one they regret from 2008, when audio from one of their own private fundraisers had them saying that some residents of depressed rural areas get bitter and "cling to guns or religion or antipathy to people who aren't like them."
Having said that, Mr. Obama added: "What I think people want to be sure of is you are not writing off big chunks of the country."
They also commented on the attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi, Libya that resulted in the deaths of four Americans, including Ambassador Christopher Stevens, saying it wasn't an act of war, and that, as offensive as the anti-Islam video was that the protest at the consulate began over, it wasn't an excuse for violence.
The president appeared on the TV show before a night of fundraising in New York City.
Below is an extended video from the show.
To see the entire interview, click here.
When we tell people that we have written a book together entitled Sons of Abraham: A Candid Conversation About the Issues that Divide and Unite Muslims and Jews, many respond with comments like: "There must be a million things that divide Jews and Muslims. But what could ever possibly unite them?"
The short answer is: There are far more unites than divides between us. What does divide us is, first and foremost, the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Yet as the two of us have learned over the course of our friendship, it is eminently possible for Muslims and Jews to agree to disagree, respectfully, on how best to resolve the Middle East conflict, while embarking together on the holy work of connecting with each other and building ties of communication, reconciliation and cooperation.
Why are we convinced that this cause is not an impossible dream? Because we have learned from each other how much our peoples have in common. Here are five such commonalities, starting with the most basic:
1. As it says in the title of our book, we are both truly sons of Abraham, with a coterie of common patriarchs and matriarchs. Yes, things indisputably got messy between our forbearers with the estrangement between Sarah and Isaac on one hand, and Hagar and Ishmael on the other, but it should not be forgotten that the two sons of Abraham came together in peace to bury their father at the end of their life.
2. Indeed, there is nothing in the Torah or Quran which says we are fated to be enemies. To be sure, there are difficult passages in the Torah and Quran that seem, at times, to sanction hostility toward, or even violence against non-Jews or non-Muslims. Yet, as the two of us have learned from each other, each of the two faiths has a rich oral tradition (the Talmud, and later books in Judaism, and the Hadith in Islam) that put into context, or mitigate, these seemingly harsh and inflexible passages. The two faiths stand together in upholding the precept that we should treat the other as we would wish to be treated.
3. Judaism and Islam have many rituals and customs in common, including: circumcision, dietary laws, similar practices of ritual slaughter and burial customs. Both faiths extol -- indeed enjoin -- philanthropy, for which they have a common name: "tzedakah," in Hebrew, or "sadaqa," in Arabic. They have a common, moral imperative to perfect the world, and to offer succor to those in society who are most in need ("islah," in Arabic, and "tikkun olam," in Hebrew). As it says in both the Quran and Talmud, if you save one life, it is as though you have saved all of humanity.
4. In many countries around the world, both Jews and Muslims are minorities in multi-religious and multi-ethnic societies. While there have been relatively good times, and less good times, in the long history of Muslim-Jewish relations, only today, in the democratic and pluralistic societies of the West, can Jews and Muslims interact as equals. We have an unprecedented opportunity to talk and work together in the interests of both communities, and of the larger societies in which we live side by side.
5. Despite the good news above, we cannot ignore the sobering reality that both Jews and Muslims continue to endure discrimination and even persecution in many countries around the world -- including the relatively enlightened societies mentioned above. Attacks on both communities often take the form of incitement and hate crimes, coming from xenophobic forces that see both Jews and Muslims as sinister "outsiders." Yet, both faiths are also under pressure from so-called progressives -- especially in Europe -- who have put forward a barrage of misguided initiatives in legislatures and courts to ban some of the age-old Muslim and Jewish rituals mentioned above, including male circumcision and ritual slaughter.
Fortunately, as we have learned over the past five years Muslims and Jews can fight Islamophobia and anti-Semitism -- whether of the right or left -- much more effectively if they stand together, rather than trying to combat them alone.
Some critics dismiss the premise that Jews and Muslims have common traditions and common interests as "feel-good, kumbaya". Nonsense! When Jews and Muslims in countries around the world embrace our commonalities, and resolve to come together, it accrues to the benefit of both faith communities. We can transform the negative relationship between our peoples into a positive one, not in ten years or one hundred years, but right now -- by the simple act of setting fear and resentment and reaching out to each other.
The is an annual special event in the LGBT community! Hundreds of people will be dressing up and coming. It is a formal evening in which girls wear gowns or cocktail dresses. It will be a memorable and unique experience, especially going as a trans lady. Billed as your "second chance prom" for all of those who felt alienated or denied participating in their prom.
The event is from 7pm until 11pm. This year it is being held at the Renaissance Dupont Hotel Ballroom --- 1143 New Hampshire Avenue, NW at Dupont Circle.
There will be a buffet dinner, DJ and dancing, casino games, photos (minimal extra charge), drinks (cash bar), and a silent auction. There is an after-party at Phase I.
The cost is $70 per person. A portion of the proceeds support a non-profit each year and this year it is T.H.E. (Transgender Health Empowerment).
The event also includes the crowning of a Prom Queen and King. Our own Linda has been chosen as a member of the Prom Court and, thus, a finalist to be voted Prom Queen!
However, only those who attend the prom can actually vote. That means you!
You are all invited and welcome. You can come as a lady or a man. And bring your partner.
You can purchase tickets or read more at their website:
www.capitalqueerprom.com.
And the Facebook page with more and where you can "Like" this event: www.facebook.com/capitalprom
And a YouTube video of the event: www.youtube.com/watch?v=HyntreO9e3g
,
Occupy Wall Street and the Democratic Party
8 October 2011
As the Occupy Wall Street protest enters its fourth week, it confronts increasingly sharp political pressures and choices that center on the question of the Democratic Party.
On Thursday, both President Barack Obama and Vice President Joe Biden made statements meant to project sympathy for the protesters. Obama, at a White House press conference, declared that they “are giving voice to a more broad-based frustration about how our financial system works.” In virtually the same breath they defended their support for the TARP bailout of the banks.
At a forum in Washington, Biden asserted that the protests have “a lot in common with the Tea Party.” They continued: “The Tea Party started, why? TARP. They thought it was unfair.”
Biden's reference to the Tea Party was by no means offhand. As a number of statements by Democratic strategists and newspaper columns by figures around the Democrats indicate, there is a desire within the party to exploit the protests for its own purposes, much in the way the Republicans have utilized the Tea Party.
The right-wing, pseudo-populist Tea Party was largely the creation of the Republican Party, pumped up by Fox News and the rest of the media. Nonetheless, it proved able, given the pro-Wall Street policies of the Obama administration, to tap into popular anger over the bank bailout and deteriorating economic and social conditions--in order to exploit it for the most reactionary ends.
The protest that began on Wall Street and has now spread across the US has a very different origin and, unlike the corporate-funded and media-promoted Tea Party, is a genuine expression of mass popular discontent. The fact that it is correctly targeting the bankers and speculators reflects a growth of anti-capitalist sentiment.
This has produced growing alarm in the US corporate and political establishment. The aim of the Democrats is to politically emasculate this movement and somehow harness it behind the reactionary policies of the Obama administration. They want to turn it into a harmless safety valve for popular anger while at the same time using it to “energize” the Democrats' base.
As the New York Times reported Friday, “To hear some Democratic analysts tell it, the mushrooming protests could be the start of a populist movement on the left that counterbalances the surge of the Tea Party on the right, and closes what some Democrats fear is an ‘enthusiasm gap.'”
This intention was made clear by union leaders who were paraded before the mass protest held in New York City's Foley Square on Wednesday. Their empty demagogy and tired chants were interspersed with announcements of Democratic Party officials who had turned up for the occasion. One of the union officials, TWU Local 100 President John Samuelsen, affirmed that the Wall Street protesters should get behind the drive to reelect Obama.
Meanwhile, a collection of Democratic notables have either paid visits to the encampment at Zuccotti Park or issued statements professing support for the protest.
Prominent among them was Representative Charles Rangel, who issued a statement this week, declaring: “The American people have had enough. They're mad as hell, and I agree.”
The millionaire member of congress from Harlem may be “mad as hell,” but not too angry to continue to rake in Wall Street money. The financial sector accounted for the lion's share of their campaign cash this year, nearly $69,000. It was money well spent, as Rangel, then chairperson of the House Ways and Means Committee, emerged as one of the key supporters of the Wall Street bailout.
The Democrats' aims were further spelled out in a column by Paul Krugman in the New York Times Friday. Citing gestures of support from unions and Democratic officials, Krugman wrote, “Occupy Wall Street is starting to look like an important event that might even eventually be seen as a turning point.”
A turning point to what? Essentially, a second term for Barack Obama.
“Democrats are being given what amounts to a second chance,” wrote Krugman. “The Obama administration squandered a lot of potential good will early on by adopting banker-friendly policies that failed to deliver economic recovery even as bankers repaid the favor by turning on the president. Now, however, Mr. Obama's party has a chance for a do-over. All it has to do is take these protests as seriously as they deserve to be taken.”
What, precisely, is Obama to “do over?” The agenda for a second term has already been set by a $4 trillion deficit-reduction program that will be translated into devastating cuts to core social programs such as Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security, continuing record unemployment, and even deeper reductions in real wages for the working class.
What the Democrats really want to “do over” is their 2008 election victory, using populist demagogy to mask policies that uphold the interests of the banks, corporations and super-rich. This is where they see the Wall Street protests as potentially useful. If they can somehow identify themselves with popular protest against these conditions, they hope to mask the real record of the Obama administration.
They are desperate to breathe new life into the illusion that the Democrats are somehow a “lesser evil” and a means of combating the Republicans and Wall Street. With the aid of the unions and pseudo-left groups like the International Socialist Organization, they are trying to promote this fraud within the Wall Street protest movement itself.
The Democrats are, in fact, a party of Wall Street, evidenced both by Obama's receipt of the greatest amount of Wall Street campaign cash in history and, more decisively, by the policies they have pursued since their election.
Historically, the Democratic Party has been the graveyard of social struggles of working people in the United States, going all the way back to the Populist Movement of the late 19th century, to the industrial union movement of the 1930s, to the Civil Rights and the antiwar movements of the 1960s. All of them were channeled into the Democratic Party and thereby not only rendered harmless to the financial elite, but turned into new props for capitalist rule.
The same essential fate was shared by the mass protests against the war in Iraq, which became regulated according to the electoral calendar and then wound up once Obama entered the White House.
If those who are protesting against Wall Street are to avoid a similar fate, they must begin by rejecting the “lesser evil” fraud and fighting to develop an independent political movement of the working class in opposition to both parties of big business and the profit system they defend.
Only the working class—mobilized in a mass socialist movement—has the power to put an end to social inequality and reorganize economic life to meet the needs of the majority of society, rather than further enrich the top one percent.
Capitalism has failed. The burning need now is to prepare the revolutionary struggle of the American and international working class for socialism. We urge all those who want to fight Wall Street to join and build the Socialist Equality Party.
Bill Van Auken
Bill Van Auken
Mehau Kulyk / Science Photo Library / Corbis
Even as a boy watching the first moon landing on TV, Brian Clegg remembers wondering, "How did it all begin?" In their latest book, Before the Big Bang, the Cambridge-educated writer examines the theories that physicists and philosophers alike have put forth to explain how we got here. TIME spoke with Clegg about science as a social network, thinking outside of the box without losing their mind, and using Buffy the Vampire Slayer to explain Einstein. (See the top 10 non-fiction books of 2008.)
In your book, you describe the Big Bang theory as having "the feeling of something held together with a Band-Aid."
Scientists will often portray the Big Bang as if it were known fact, but it isn't. It's a theory within a very speculative field of science, cosmology, which is about as speculative as it gets. I'm not saying the Big Bang theory isn't true, but it's a work in progress. (Watch TIME's video "Galileo and the Year of Astronomy.")
So what are some of the theory's major flaws?
There's an expectation that the Big Bang should have produced a rippling effect, almost like an aftershock, where we could see subtle variations in gravity that have carried on ever since then. A lot of money has been spent on experiments to try and detect these gravity waves and they literally have never, ever found anything. Even if they do exist, they're probably not at levels we could detect. And why did it happen at all? There is no sensible answer for the Big Bang unless you move over into the religious side and say, "Well, it began because God began it." That's why quite a lot of scientists are nervous about the Big Bang. They quite prefer having something that doesn't require somebody sort of poking a finger in and saying, "Now it's starting." (See the top 10 scientific discoveries of 2008.)
I was disturbed to read that many scientists refuse to question the Big Bang theory because they'd built their careers on it.
The fact is science is like any other social network. It's a lot easier to go along with the crowd. Every now and then there's a revolution in science, a paradigm shift, like when Einstein came along, but it's so easy to lock people into a particular way of thinking, of trying to build on the ideas that are in vogue. In the end, there is almost a fashion in science  ideas that are in, ideas that are out.The origins of the term "Big Bang" are surprising, given that it was coined by a scientist who disagreed with the theory.
A man named Fred Hoyle came up with it during a popular science radio broadcast and they were essentially putting the theory down. They were really almost laughing at the idea. Take the concept of a black hole  this thing that nothing can get out of. Even if that idea doesn't quite fit with reality, the concept itself takes on a life of its own.
But some concepts, as you wrote in your book, still have to be translated with pop culture references like The Matrix or Groundhog Day.
So often, when people are trying to put science across, they fall into a trap of using too much jargon. When you hear a scientist speaking on the news, it does sometimes make you cringe a bit. I have to say, one of my favorite TV shows  and I don't know that I should admit this  is Buffy the Vampire Slayer, and I did go through a phase of four or five books in a row of finding a way of using Buffy the Vampire Slayer as an illustration. [Laughs]
It goes both ways too. Going back to Fred Hoyle, the guy behind the theory that competed with The Big Bang, they and their colleagues partly built their idea around a popular film at the time, Dead of Night, which was a horror movie where the last scene was the same as the first scene; it never actually had a beginning or end. They all saw this movie and said, "Yes, that's exactly what we're thinking of  a universe that goes around in a cycle that never has a beginning or an end."
You also wrote about new tools that could shed some light on the origins of the universe, like the Large Hadron Collider, which some critics still argue could wreak havoc on the world.
One of the things people fear is that it's going to produce black holes. If it did produce black holes, they'd be extremely small ones. Black holes aren't like a vacuum cleaner, sucking everything in and getting bigger and bigger. A small black hole actually caves in. It disappears. I think it's reasonable for people to be worried, just because it is pushing things further than we ever have before. It's the biggest, most complicated machine ever made. But when you look at the details there are enough reassuring aspects to say that it isn't going to destroy the world. And if you are going to spend a lot of money on science, I think something like the Large Hadron Collider is a better investment than perhaps the space program. In terms of science, the space program really didn't deliver a lot  things like going to the moon, going to Mars  it's mostly political. (Read "Kepler Space Probe: A Shot at Finding New Earths.")
I liked how you began one of the chapters by advising your readers to grab their favorite beverage and find a quiet space because your about to "twist the mind into pretzel form."
Ha, yes, that chapter was the one about time. I wrote another book awhile ago about infinity, and they both have the same sort of effect. When you start thinking about what time is, you can get in a bit of state where you think, "Hey, I'm losing it here,"  because you cannot think outside of time. Time is part of how we experience the universe. Trying to think of before there was time, well, you're already in trouble because you're thinking "before," which is a way of measuring time. It's very easy to get yourself into a bit of a tangled mental state. I have to go get a large glass of wine at that point.
Read "The Big Bang Theory Gets a Big Boost."
Native Construct releases instrumental version of ‘Quiet World' with bonus track
- February 17th, 2017 –
Boston, MA based progressive act Native Construct has just launched the instrumental version of their critically-acclaimed debut release, Quiet World. The instrumental tracks, as was the case with the original release, were mixed by Rich Mouser at The Mouse House Studio and mastered by Jamie King at The Basement Recording in North Carolina. Listen to the album now via your favorite streaming or download service at: smarturl.it/quietworldinstrument
Guitarist Myles Yang comments: “One of the hallmarks of ‘Quiet World‘ is the extreme density of the arrangements. The album is saturated with important, but oftentimes subtle layers and Easter eggs. Every time I've happened to hear this music with the vocals muted, I've been struck by just how much is going on under there that I had stopped paying attention to. Without the vocals as the main focal point, you really start to notice all those countless details. It's a totally fresh and very interesting perspective on this music. We just had to put it out there for all our hardcore fans.
On top of that, we're pleased to be able to include the 8th track, ‘Silence,' on this release. This was originally a bonus track available only on the Japanese version of ‘Quiet World‘, but it really is an essential component of the concept. glhf.”
Native Construct is currently in the midst of writing their sophomore album for Metal Blade Records with an expected release date for the second half of 2017. Hailed as a “masterpiece” by HeavyBlogIsHeavy.com (5/5), their debut, Quiet World, was largely self-produced and written between 2011 and 2013, when the individual band members weren't busy with their studies at the Berklee College of Music. What began as jam sessions simply for fun eventually turned into a full-fledged musical endeavor. In addition to securing multiple national tours, including a full USA trek with Between the Buried and Me, Native Construct also debuted on the Billboard charts (#56 Hard Music Albums Chart; #85 New Artist Chart) with Quiet World.
Native Construct online:
https://www.facebook.com/NativeConstruct
https://twitter.com/nativeconstruct
https://www.youtube.com/NativeConstruct
https://www.twitch.tv/nativeconstruct
Buy iTunes Artist Page Artist News
Get the biggest daily stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Those with their eyes on the skies have been noticing that Venus, the second rock from the sun, has been even more stunning than normal recently.
Venus is always one of the brightest lights in our night skies but in recent days it has been especially luminous.
All over the country, people have been posting pictures on social media of Venus below the crescent moon. Particularly sharp-eyed observers could also see a ruddy red Mars close to the moon.
We answer some questions that people have been asking.
Have I missed it?
Not necessarily. Like yesterday, Venus will remain very bright tonight but unfortunately it could be obscured by cloud cover.
If there is a break in the cloud, the best time to see it will be in the hours just after sunset as Venus sets about four hours after the Sun this month.
Early January 2017 is a great time to see Venus. According to the Beckstrom Observatory, it will reach its peak height above the horizon this month.
It will also see the distance between Venus and Mars get smaller as Venus gets higher each night.
Why is Venus so bright?
Venus is the brightest of all the planets visible in the skies above Earth due to a highly reflective acidic atmosphere.
Over the last billion years Venus' atmosphere has become incredibly thick. Scientists believe that this is because of a runaway greenhouse effect.
And with the atmosphere being so dense, it reflects 70 per cent of the sunlight that reaches it.
In comparison, the moon only reflects 10 per cent of the light that hits it. However, due to its close proximity to earth, the moon appears brighter than Venus to us.
Can I see Mars?
Yes! Mars was bright red in the sky in May and June last year but is no longer as bright. However, you can still see it with the naked eye, with it appearing a ruddy red colour.
As the Red Planet is not as bright as Venus you need to wait until total nightfall to see it. Bear in mind it won't be visible immediately after sunset.
LAKELAND, Fla. - A photo of a sweet little Florida boy flipping off a camera with their middle finger has gone viral, but it's not what you think.
The Lakeland Fire Department responded to a call Sunday about a boy whose middle finger was stuck in a school desk.
After rescuing the boy, the firefighters thought it would be fun to pose for a picture showing the undamaged digit.
Unfortunately, the photo looks a little different than how it was planned and the department had a little fun with it, posting the picture on Facebook.
"Show Mommy the finger that firefighters had to rescue out of the desk," the post read
Thankfully, the firefighters placed a censored sign over the middle finger, just to make sure no one was offended.
Copyright 2017 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved.
In a highly publicised and controversial campaign which brought record numbers to the ballot box, Glasgow University students last week overwhelmingly voted NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden as their new rector in a statement against public surveillance. It might not have been a popular choice at the Daily Mail, but the campaign did attract the attention of probably the world's most vocal critic of US foreign policy, MIT's Professor Noam Chomsky, who agreed to give a live video address to the students in a show of support.
On Friday afternoon in a lecture theatre full of pumped up and eager young people, Skype sprang to life exposing a Chomsky looking every one of their 84 years hunched over a desk searching for their notes. Once ready for their Skype close-up however, their voice and intent were as assured as ever. In a perfectly pitched 15 minute speech, they made direct and skilful connections between global political developments and the issues affecting the staff and students of Glasgow like zero hours contracts. There was even a respectful nod to the independence debate.
On the subject of Snowden, they were unequivocal: he'd performed the highest public duty of all by revealing to their fellow citizens what is being done to them by their own governments. Back on the more familiar territory of US global domination, they talked about the way the rest of the world – with some honourable exceptions including the former ‘backyard' of South America – had done as the ‘master commands' and capitulated in hunting the ‘traitor' down.
They then examined the nature of ‘security' that the mass surveillance program actually protects. Preventing terrorism that wants to bring down the Western way of life is the public line and the only compelling reason for abdicating so much power to the security agencies: but of the 54 terrorist actions the US government claimed had been thwarted by the program, only one stood up. It could be reasonably argued that one is enough. But by any calculations, it's unlikely to provide a full explanation or defence for the scale of investment in surveillance. Especially in the face of evidence that the US government actively engages in activities, such as the drone campaign, which inevitably generate terrorist activity at a rate the security services clearly can't expose it.
The vast security program, Chomsky argued, is in fact about safeguarding the state and corporate interests from public scrutiny. It's about creating an extra layer of protection for those off-radar negotiations that promote the interests of the rich and powerful – like the Trans-Pacific Partnership trade agreement exposed by Wikileaks last year. In their words: ‘the public are an irrelevance'.
The central theme then is one with which students – all young people – are increasingly familiar; that of powerlessness. Of failed democracy and unaccountable governments. Of being left with nowhere to place trust. The kind of stuff that Russell Brand has been bugging the establishment with.
The worst part is that the root of this disempowerment is the very technology in which young people place so much faith. It's the environment in which they conduct their social lives, and exercise the little social power that they feel they have. But, as Edward Snowden themselves said in the Guardian on Saturday: ‘when we know we're being watched, we impose restraints on our behaviour – even clearly innocent activities'. Their playground has become their prison.
As the Snowden vote shows though, young people are starting to show some resistance. Getting offline is not a realistic option – and anyway technology isn't the enemy. So exposing and attacking the groups which are using technology to promote their own interests are likely to be the targets of growing numbers of campaigns. Chomsky's aim is the political actors but Evgeny Morozov has been arguing for a while now that the activities of the big tech companies fall under the radar in a public discourse which labels critics as ‘luddites' – or worse ‘killjoys'. In a culture of public scrutiny of data collection, perhaps Google's intent to eventually own and control all of the world's information might not seem like such a great idea.
Somehow though, amidst this rather bleak picture, Chomsky managed to leave everyone in the room feeling empowered. They made the point that even this small triumph by Glasgow University students might, along with movements like the proposed Snowden amnesty by the New York Times, just bring about the ‘unimaginable' and have the US government re-think its position on their exile. It perhaps sounds unlikely, but, as the buzz in the room showed, it's a hugely inspiring vision for how change might happen.
And then, with barely a wave, Chomsky was gone, leaving no time for the Q & A that the audience was promised. Following a conversation about anti-imperialism, and the power of the public to resist undemocratic government, it was difficult not to feel a little disappointed that we didn't get to ask them the one big question on the minds of everyone living in Scotland right now.
See video here (we'll post a better quality audio version if we get it):
BERLIN (Reuters) - Germany's Interior Minister warned Sunday of a “new form of far-right terrorism” as details emerged of a grotesque film left by members of a neo-Nazi cell in eastern Germany, in which they claimed the murder of nine immigrants between 2000 and 2006.
People attend a vigil for the victims of racist violence at Brandenburg Gate in Berlin, November 13, 2011. REUTERS/Thomas Peter
Prosecutors said police had arrested a suspected accomplice of the group, which referred to itself in the film as the “Nationalist Socialist Underground,” and which is also thought to be behind the murder of a police officer in 2007 and a bomb attack on a Turkish area of Cologne in 2004.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel said the murders were shameful for Germany.
“We must assume that this is right-wing extremism in the worst form, and it is shaming that such a thing can happen in our country,” they told German television.
The revelations, which have caused shock and outrage across Germany, began after police found the bodies of two men, Uwe Mundlos and Uwe Boehnhardt, both with far-right links, in a mobile home in Eisenach last week. Police believe they killed themselves after a botched bank robbery.
Shortly after the discovery investigators searched a burned-out house in Zwickau, used by the men and one woman, “Beate Z,” who later handed themselves in to police. There they found guns used in the murder of the police officer and of the nine vendors, eight of whom were of Turkish background and the other a Greek.
All had run small businesses or fast-food stands, in cities across Germany, leading to the killings being dubbed the “doner murders.”
Police also found a 15-minute film recorded on DVDs ready to be sent to Islamic cultural organizations and the media.
The German magazine Spiegel printed stills from the film showing the murder victims' bodies and grotesque montages made by the group showing the cartoon figure of the Pink Panther to point out the scenes of the killings.
“Germany Tour — Nine Turks shot” said a placard in one cartoon scene.
Interior Minister Hans-Peter Friedrich said all unsolved crimes with a suspected far-right connection dating back to 1998 would be re-examined for connections to the group, originating in Jena, in the eastern state of Thuringia.
“It looks as if we are dealing here with a new form of far-right terrorism,” Friedrich said.
Protesters, many with Turkish roots, gathered at the Brandenburg Gate in Berlin Sunday to protest against neo-Nazis. Opposition politicians expressed anger that the cell went undetected for so long.
“Beate Z” faces charges of murder, attempted murder, arson and belonging to a terrorist organization.
Hi! First of all, thank you for stopping by. It gives me strength to keep sharing what I like because I know it is all worth the effort. That being said, today, I am going to expand on what I did on Google Maps API part I by adding more features to our map. Last time, our map.js file has the following code:
(function () { window.onload = function () { var mapDiv = document.getElementById('map'); var latlng = new google.maps.LatLng(37.09, -95.71); var options = { center: latlng, zoom: 4, mapTypeId: google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP }; var map = new google.maps.Map(mapDiv, options); }; })();
Controlling The User Interface
disableDefaultUI – setting this property to true disables the default user interface. This further means the default zoom control and the map type chooser will not be displayed. Even if you disable the default user interface, you can still enable these controls individually. The default value is false. Example:
. . var options = { center: new google.maps.LatLng(37.09, -95.71), zoom : 8, mapTypeId : google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP, disableDefaultUI : true //Alternatively, you can seperately enable or disable: //mapTypeControl: true //zoom }; . .
Before disabling the default user interface, the map looked like this:
After disabling it, you will see something like this:
As you can see, the rectangles represent the original position of our default user interfaces.
mapTypeControlOption
In a case where you decide to have mapTypeControl visible, then mapTypeControlOption controls how it will be displayed. It can look different depending on circumstances or your own decisions to place it where you want. One good thing also is that you can define what map types you would like the user to choose from. This property takes an object of type google.maps.MapTypeControlOptions as its value. It has three properties:
style position mapTypeIds
As you might have guessed, while using mapTypeControlOptions, you must always remember to set mapTypeControl to true.
Style
This property determines the appearance of the control. The values you can choose from reside in the Google.maps.MapTypeControlStyle object. The choices are:
DEFAULT – the look will vary depending on the window size and maybe other factors. If the map is big enough, you get a horizontal bar displayed, otherwise, a drop-down menu will be shown. HORIZONTAL_BAR – this displays the horizontal bar! DROPDOWN_MENU – displays a drop-down list to either save space or some other reason!
Code Example:
(function () { window.onload = function () { var mapDiv = document.getElementById('map'); var latlng = new google.maps.LatLng(37.09, -95.71); var options = { center: latlng, zoom: 4, MapTypeId: google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP, mapTypeControl : true, mapTypeControlOptions : { style : google.maps.MapTypeControlStyle.DROPDOWN_MENU } }; var map = new google.maps.Map(mapDiv, options); }; })();
Position
As you might have noticed, the default position of this control is in the upper-right corner. You can easily define it to appear somewhere beside the upper-right corner. To do that, you will need to use the Google.maps.ControlPosition class. This class has several predefined positions you can choose from: BOTTOM, BOTTOM_LEFT, BOTTOM_RIGHT, LEFT, RIGHT, TOP, TOP_LEFT, TOP_RIGHT.
Code Example: Style: DROPDOWN_MENU, Position: TOP
(function () { window.onload = function () { var mapDiv = document.getElementById('map'); var latlng = new google.maps.LatLng(37.09, -95.71); var options = { center: latlng, zoom: 4, mapTypeId: google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP, mapTypeControl: true, mapTypeControlOptions : { style: google.maps.MapTypeControlStyle.DROPDOWN_MENU, position : google.maps.ControlPosition.TOP } }; var map = new google.maps.Map(mapDiv, options); }; })();
The outcome is:
mapTypeIds
You use this property to control which map type to display. It takes an array of available MapType controls you want to use. The code below shows how to add it to our map example:
(function () { window.onload = function () { var mapDiv = document.getElementById('map'); var latlng = new google.maps.LatLng(37.09, -95.71); var options = { center: latlng, zoom: 4, mapTypeId: google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP, mapTypeControl: true, mapTypeControlOptions : { style: google.maps.MapTypeControlStyle.DROPDOWN_MENU, position : google.maps.ControlPosition.TOP, mapTypeIds : [ google.maps.MapTypeId.ROADMAP, google.maps.MapTypeId.SATELLITE ] } }; var map = new google.maps.Map(mapDiv, options); }; })();
The final map now has a drop-down menu with a list of two MapTypeIds: ROADMAP and SATELLITE. Let us finish this post with a look!
I am going to stop here for today because I don't want to make this post too long. So, I want to wrap up by saying congratulations on keeping up with me. Next time I will do some work on navigationControl and more! Thanks for stopping by and if you liked this post, please drop me a line and share it online! See you soon. If you have questions, please ask me!
Advertisements
Photo: The Howard Stern Show
Hardcore fans of Insane Clown Posse have always been known for being a bit extreme but the band wants the world (and the FBI) to understand that doesn't make them a gang. On Wednesday, ICP stopped by the Stern Show and talked to Howard about their intention to get their group's name off of the National Gang Intelligence Center's list, which in 2011 classified Juggalos as being a “loosely organized hybrid gang.” At the time, ICP duo Violent J and Shaggy 2 Dope didn't take being labeled a gang so seriously.
“But then the repercussions of it came,” Violent J told Howard. Retail stores began suspending sales of their merchandise and the band still struggles with finding venues willing to host their concerts and fan festivals, known as “The Gathering.”
The FBI's designation has also allegedly hurt the band's followers. The two explained there are Juggalos who have been fired from their jobs, lost custody of the kids, and even been rejected from joining the military all due to their association with ICP.
“Juggalos are laughed at. They're a punchline and that's funny. I get it. We're different,” Violent J told Howard. “But is it fucking funny to take millions of people and criminalize them for what they listen to?”
They also argued if the same thing were to happen to another band from another music genre, the public at large would come to their defense. Luckily for Insane Clown Posse, they won't be alone in this fight. According to them, rock star Dee Snider contacted them to let them know he's in their corner.
On Saturday, the band and its many followers plan to take their message to the streets of Washington, D.C. for a special march that they hope will win them their right to not be considered a dangerous gang.
“How else can we say to the country we're not cool with it?” Violent J asked.
But to anyone worried the event could turn violent, Shaggy made it clear that is far from their intention. “We're there to march and that's it,” they said, adding they hope their fan base remembers to remain peaceful during the demonstration.
On a lighter note, Howard congratulated J on their noticeable weight loss, telling him, “I've never seen you this thin.” So what diet did they use to slim down so much?
“I'll be honest I'm eating pretty much what I always ate … I just barely eat,” they told Howard. “There's no trick, there are no drugs.”
However, they did admit since they dropped so many pounds, their skin is now very loose around their body. “I look like I'm wearing a pasty-white garbage bag,” Violent J joked.
He's been putting their new body to good use, too, telling Howard they and their girlfriend have regular threesomes. “Me and my girlfriend, she's bisexual, we have a blast,” they revealed.
They also thanked Howard and the Stern Show for inviting them into the studio throughout the years. “Howard Stern was the first one to put it down for the clown,” Violent J said. “We're here 20 years later, still putting it down.”
If you pick the wrong guy or gal to lead your country, at least you can throw the bum out within a few years. But a vote on membership in a major economic bloc? If that goes wrong, it may be up to your kids or grandkids to make it right.
Britons who want to exit the European Union see exactly that unfolding, as they work to undo the U.K.'s 1973 move to join the EU. Meanwhile, Brexit's opponents argue it's this week that the nation is hurtling toward a big mistake that will set back an entire generation.
While the public debate has focused on economic arguments — such as whether an exit would shrink or boost the U.K. economy — experienced pundits suggest voters will be driven by emotions, deciding with their hearts, not their heads.
Each side has its fair share of big names. The “leave” campaign can count on London Mayor Boris Johnson and Nigel Farage from the anti-immigration U.K. Independence Party, plus maybe even Queen Elizabeth II, according to a Sun report. (Buckingham Palace quickly denied the tabloid's story.) The “remain” campaign's heavy hitters include Prime Minister David Cameron, President Obama and business groups.
Read on for five hot-button arguments that have helped draw U.K. voters over to the leave campaign's side. Then keep going for five appeals that to remain camp is making.
The “in” side has generally been ahead in polls, but some recent polls have showed growing support for “out” — though bookmakers' odds, which have a good track record as a predictor, still put remain ahead.
The U.K.'s in/out referendum on EU membership is underway Thursday.
Bryan Cranston in the short film “Writer's Block.” (Youtube)
When “Breaking Bad's” Bryan Cranston isn't winning Golden Globes or shooting new projects, the award-winning actor apparently devotes themselves to making the dreams of their underlings come true.
“Writer's Block,” a 13-minute short film starring Cranston, was directed by a self-taught, 20-something production assistant, on Cranston's request. During a break in filming “Cold Comes the Night” last year, Cranston told the film's PAs that they would read scripts from each of them and act in their favorite. The winner, by Austin, Tex., native Brandon Polanco, chronicles a writer's struggle for inspiration — “a chaotic love affair that evokes my true feelings toward writing,” as Polanco put it to the Austin Chronicle in November. The resulting black-and-white film is evocative, strange, and, as you might imagine, really well-acted.
Polanco is now, according to their LinkedIn bio, a freelance filmmaker and producer. Cranston, meanwhile, just won a Golden Globe for their portrayal of Walter White in “Breaking Bad.”
“I literally had to pull myself away from my computer last night,” Polanco wrote on Facebook this morning. “The amount of support and buzz that has been swirling around this little film… well I just don't know what to say other than thank you.”
You can see some scenes from the making of “Writer's Block” below.
Comments by Susan Aitken, who was out campaigning in Glasgow with Nicola Sturgeon ahead of today's elections, were quoted by critics of Kevin Stewart's “pork barrel politics” announcement PA:Press Association
An SNP minister has been accused of using public cash to try to win votes in today's council elections after pledging a multimillion-pound investment in the party's top target area.
Opposition MSPs have demanded an investigation into the announcement of an £8 million cash injection into a regeneration scheme in Glasgow.
The plan was announced less than 48 hours before polls open today, in what the opposition said was a flagrant breach of civil service rules on political impartiality.
It is claimed that a press release in which Kevin Stewart, the SNP housing minister, revealed the spending was “a blatant attempt to sway voters” and an example of “pork barrel politics”.
Guidelines for civil servants, who are bound by rules on impartiality, state that they…
Guild Wars 2 Trailer Showcases Races, Vocal Talent ArenaNet has released a new Guild Wars 2 trailer introducing "iconic heroes" of the sequel's five playable races and the downright gorgeous locations they hail from. The subscription-free PC MMORPG will be released
The subscription-free PC MMORPG will be released "when it's done", though investor documents have suggested this might be tentatively planned to be 2010 or 2011.
Those hungry for more Guild Wars 2 eye candy can enjoy the media bomb of concept art, screenshots, details and a huge trailer that dropped at Gamescom in August.
A developer Q&A session by ArenaNet with world designer and writer Ree Soesbee explains what's on show in the video and reveals some of the sequel's top vocal talent--including Dr. Horrible star and geek favourite Felicia Day.
Gaana.com -- One of India's most popular music streaming service with more than 10 Million registered users and 7.5 Million monthly visitors -- has reportedly been hacked, exposing the site's user information database.
A Pakistani hacker, who claimed responsibility for the hack, claims that details of over 10 Million users of Gaana service including their username, email addresses, MD5-encrypted password, date of births, and other personal information has been stolen and made available in a searchable database.
"Site is down due to server maintenance. We will be back shortly. Kindly bear with us till then." At the time of writing, Gaana website is currently down for maintenance without any official statement provided yet. As of now, the site displays,
Details of 10 Million Users Available in a Searchable Database:
Mak Man, The hacker, nicknamed posted the link to a searchable database of Gaana user details on their Facebook page, with images of the service's admin panel.
gain access to the details of its 10 Million users. The hacker has also posted a screenshot of SQL exploit they used to get access to the data on Facebook. By exploiting an SQL injection vulnerability in Gaana website, Mak Man managed to. The hacker has also posted a screenshot of SQL exploit they used to get access to the data on Facebook.
Mak Man claimed that they reported the vulnerability by providing full details of the flaw to Gaana.com before. However, the company didn't respond to their report and ignored, which results in the breach of innocent users personal information.
Flaw Reported to the Company, but Ignored:
It sounds really weird that Gaana from one of India's biggest internet companies, Times Internet Limited, is vulnerable to such attacks. And even weird when such a reputed company is ignoring vulnerabilities reported to them, putting millions of users at risk.
Most of the data breaches occur because of such behaviour of the companies when hackers and bug hunters responsibly report them flaws but they ignore the issues, encouraging hackers to go public with the details of their customers.
Times Internet CEO Satyan Gajwani replied to the hacker's Mak Man. replied to the hacker's post on Facebook later and apologised that the company hadn't responded to the security concerns raised by
"I don't think your intention is to expose personal information about Gaana users, but to highlight a vulnerability," Gajwani added. "Consider it highlighted, and we're 100% on it. Can I request that you take down access to the data, and delete it completely?"
Gajwani then took to Twitter and said that the company is considering the issue seriously and taking steps to fix it. They also said there is no financial or sensitive information lost. They also encourage all customers to reset their passwords as soon as possible.
Dr. Nicolelis and their colleagues began by implanting two sets of electrodes in the brains of four rats. One set delivered a signal into one part of each brain, while the other eavesdropped on a different brain patch.
The four rats received the same signal, and then a computer monitored how their brains responded. If all four rats produced synchronized signals in their brains, they were rewarded with a sip of water.
Through trial and error, the rats learned how to consistently synchronize their brains, making it possible for the rats to act like a simple computer. In one experiment, the animals learned how to produce different brain responses to two different signals: a single burst of electric pulses, or four bursts.
The rats learned how to produce synchronized brain activity in response to one of the signals, and unsynchronized activity in the other. Their collective response was correct as often as 87 percent of the time — substantially better than an individual rat learning on its own.
The scientists also found that the brains of three rats could be linked into an information-processing chain. First, they trained one rat to produce the correct kind of brain activity to two different electrical bursts in the brain. Then they linked the first rat's brain signals to the brain of a second rat.
The second rat learned to produce the same response as the first rat, the scientists found, and a third rat could reliably interpret the second rat's brain responses. And when they delivered the third rat's brain signals back to the first rat, it also responded correctly much of the time.
Dr. Nicolelis and their colleagues then turned from rats to monkeys, with a new twist on earlier experiments in which individual monkeys learned to control a robot arm. This time the scientists implanted electrodes into two monkeys instead of one.
Matthew StaverTthe New York Times A hemp plant grows in a Colorado field in 2013. Oregon may have rules in place early next year that would allow farmers to plant hemp crops in the spring. 3299866
Matthew StaverTthe New York Times A hemp plant grows in a Colorado field in 2013. Oregon may have rules in place early next year that would allow farmers to plant hemp crops in the spring. - Bulletin
A- A+
By Taylor W. Anderson The Bulletin
SALEM ­— The Oregon Department of Agriculture is nearing a deadline to create rules for hemp growers that will give the state regulatory power over a third cannabis industry that will be legal in Oregon but illegal at the federal level.
The rule-making process has been slow, with newly written draft rules coming more than five years after the Legislature legalized hemp. A review of the rules shows the state still needs to make changes to ensure license holders are protected from federal interference if farmers get seeds in the ground in spring 2015.
After taking what advocates call a cautious approach to writing the hemp rules, the department now needs the Legislature to quickly change the hemp law, which as written threatens to stifle the industry in Oregon while other states have already had successful growing seasons.
“They just seem to be like a deer in the headlights,” Eric Steenstra, president of the hemp advocacy group Vote Hemp, said of the state's slow movement on hemp.
Part of the reason for the state's slow progress is the danger of licensing farmers to plant a crop that has been illegal federally since 1970 because it's in the marijuana family. There has been a possibility that the federal government could bust farmers who grow hemp despite Oregon legalizing it.
Department of Agriculture officials say the delay stemmed from the uncertain federal landscape plus budget and staffing issues.
“Industrial Hemp is a new commodity for us, and a new program had to be developed around meeting state and federal restrictions,” said Ron Pence, manager of the state's commodity inspection division. “And this has been challenging.”
Seventeen other states have legalized the plant, which has nearly no psychoactive ingredients and is grown for its durable fibers, oil, clothing and seeds.
While 23 states have legalized medical marijuana and four states have now voted to legalize recreational use, Congress has yet to change official drug policy. But it has added guidelines to help protect growers in hemp-friendly states.
Congressmen from Oregon and Kentucky added a provision to the 2014 Farm Bill that effectively separated hemp grown for research by agriculture departments and educational institutions from marijuana.
Lawmakers then put another provision into the $1.1 trillion spending bill that passed last week that prohibits the Drug Enforcement Administration and Justice Department from prosecuting farmers who grow hemp as extensions of the research programs.
But Oregon's hemp laws, unlike those in Kentucky and Colorado, don't designate the new program as a research extension of the Department of Agriculture. That omission could effectively leave farmers and businesses vulnerable to crackdowns by federal agencies.
“Our law doesn't say commercial or research. It just says hemp cultivation,” said Courtney Moran, a Portland attorney who has followed the rule-making process. Moran added that the change can easily be fixed in the Legislature.
“Colorado's law was research and commercial. Ours just doesn't really distinguish,” Moran said, adding that they expect farmers will be able to plant this spring.
Colorado voters legalized hemp and recreational marijuana in 2012. It remains the only other state that regulates the three cannabis industries, including medical and recreational marijuana. But Colorado has been much quicker to grow a hemp industry after putting rules in place for an inaugural growing season in 2014.
The rush came with some setbacks, said Duane Sinning, seed coordinator of the program in Colorado. Some farmers were using the hemp program as a shield from the scrutiny applied to marijuana growers, Sinning said. Colorado is amending its guidelines to close loopholes.
“In Colorado, if you grow industrial hemp you don't have to have a background check. We look at it the same way, it's a little more regulated than corn. It's a corn crop,” Sinning said.
Sen. Floyd Prozanski, D-Eugene, who wrote the 2009 law, said they would sponsor the legislation that's needed to update the state's law and protect farmers and businesses that sign up to grow hemp in 2015.
Prozanski said their bill would decrease the minimum acreage required to obtain a license from 2.5 acres. The agency will also allow growers to process hemp with a single, $1,500 license, a provision that's barred in the draft rules.
Moran said Oregon, which in 1998 became one of the earliest states to allow medical marijuana and voted to legalize recreational marijuana in November, has taken a cautious path on hemp.
Chuck Eggert, founder and CEO of Tualatin-based Pacific Foods, said a hemp industry in Oregon would benefit their company, which has imported hemp seeds for organic milk from Canada since 2009. Hemp milk is one of the company's most popular non-dairy products, Eggert said.
“Allowed as an agricultural product in Oregon, hemp crops for nutrition would allow us to create a localized source for both human and animal consumption, and ensure a stable supply to help us meet ever growing consumer demand,” Eggert said in a statement.
Pence said they expect the department will approve rules Feb. 2 and start giving out licenses soon after. That move would be welcome news for advocates. State lawmakers would then address outstanding issues in the upcoming legislative session.
“Let's let the markets see. Let's not have some absurd ban because of some absurd misassociation with marijuana,” said Andy Kerr, a conservation activist from Ashland who also works on industrial hemp laws. “Let the farmers grow it. Let the producers produce it.”
— Reporter: 406-589-4347,
tanderson@bendbulletin.com
8624097
A handful of anti-pipeline activists with lock cutters and the will to get arrested have become Canadian oil producers' newest hurdle to delivering crude to markets.
Enbridge Inc. said it was forced to shut its Line 9 from Sarnia, Ontario, to Montreal for about four hours after the company's control center detected that a valve had been tampered with and closed late on Sunday. It was the fourth time in two months that an Enbridge line was shut after a such incident.
While deliveries weren't affected by the shutdowns, the company plans to enact permanent security measures at valve sites, Graham White, a company spokesperson, said, declining to disclose the costs.
“They have used lock cutters every time,” White said. “In the latest three incidents they destroyed locks or fences, sabotaged the equipment and departed without staging a protest.”
Saboteurs represent the latest hassle Western Canada faces in getting its crude to coastal markets as plans to build new pipelines are stymied by environmental and legal challenges. Pipeline development in Canada has been under increasing public scrutiny and has become a political football for local, provincial and federal leaders. Last week, Montreal Mayor Denis Coderre, along with about 80 other
Quebec mayors, announced their opposition to TransCanada Corp.'s plans to build the Energy East line to the Atlantic.
Tampering with pipelines is the latest form of opposition to moving crude oil, said Steven Paget, an analyst at FirstEnergy Capital Corp. in Calgary. “It doesn't seem that they thought they'd need to have armed guards at every pump station.”
Line 9
Enbridge's Line 9 provides eastern Canadian refineries with western Canadian and U.S. crude. The line went into operation last year after its direction was reversed amid opposition from local communities. In the latest incident, the Enbridge control center detected a valve closure at 11:15 p.m. and the line was shut while it was inspected, White said. Unlike in the first two incidents, the company received no calls in advance of the action.
On Dec. 7, three protesters manually shut a valve and chained themselves to the equipment at a fenced-in site along line 9 about 80 kilometers west of Montreal. They were removed by police. Ten days later, the line was shut again by protesters. On Jan. 4, the company's Line 7 was shut for about three hours after flow was partly restricted by protesters near Cambridge, Ontario.
“The People versus Enbridge line 9” group page on Facebook posted a picture of a protester breaking a chain with a lock cutter last month.
Security Measures
“We are taking additional permanent security measures at valve sites to help discourage such activities,” White said in an e-mail. “We would not discuss details publicly since that would risk reducing the effectiveness of those measures.”
Oil sands producers including Suncor Energy Inc. and Canadian Natural Resources Ltd. have clamored for years for new pipelines to increase access to world markets, in a bid to improve the price they receive for crude. Heavy Western Canadian Select is among the world's cheapest grades, selling for less than $15 a barrel last week.
Last year, U.S. President Barack Obama rejected TransCanada's planned Keystone XL line to the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. Kinder Morgan Inc. is set to face new environmental hurdles to expanding its Trans Mountain line to the Canada's Pacific Coast.
New security measures to protect pipelines might include drones or cameras, Paget said.
“The alternative is terrifying,” they said. “Turning a value on a pipeline is like jamming the brake on a train. It poses a very high risk.”
A gunman continues to negotiate with police almost nine hours into a hostage siege at the Lindt Chocolat Cafe in Martin Place in the heart of Sydney's CBD.
Five hostages have managed to flee the cafe, hours after a gunman first holed themselves up in the store and forced hostages to display an Islamic flag.
It remains unclear how many hostages are still in the cafe.
Sydney Morning Herald Police have confirmed three people have escaped from the Lindt cafe in Martin Place.
Police have cordoned off an exclusion zone around the building, closing some roads. Apart from the affected area, people should go about their usual business in the city, police said.
Deputy Police Commissioner Catherine Burn said the situation is now unfolding as a "negotiation" with the armed person.
They said the approach was to deal with the situation "peacefully."
SYDNEY MORNING HERALD Hostages have been taken in a central Sydney cafe where a black flag with white Arabic writing could be seen in the window, according to local media.
"It might take a bit of time but that is our approach," Burn said.
"We will be working into the night if this situation continues and we will be looking at arrangements for tomorrow."
Police have requested that media outlets do not report the gunman's demands.
1 of 24 Andrew Meares Marcia Mikhael is carried away from the Lindt Chocolat Cafe in Martin Place. 2 of 24 Andrew Meares Hostages are assisted from the Lindt Chocolat Cafe in Martin Place in Sydney. 3 of 24 Andrew Meares NSW Tactical Operations Unit police officers keep watch outside the Lindt Chocolate Cafe before the siege ended. 4 of 24 A woman collapses into the arms of a police officer as they run to safety from the cafe. 5 of 24 A woman runs from the cafe several hours after the hostage drama began in Sydney's CBD. 6 of 24 Police have been patrolling various sites in Sydney as the siege continues. Several landmarks were closed during the day. 7 of 24 Daniel Munoz NSW Tactical Operations police attend the Martin Place siege. 8 of 24 Daniel Munoz Police at the scene of the siege this afternoon. 9 of 24 DANIEL MUNOZ/Fairfax Australia A police officer pointing their weapon towards the siege. 10 of 24 Channel 7 Hostages can be seen inside the cafe holding an Islamic flag up against the window. 11 of 24 Premier Mike Baird and NSW Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione speak about the siege 12 of 24 Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott at the Canberra press conference. 13 of 24 Daniel Munoz People evacuate a building next to the siege at Lindt Cafe in Martin Place. 14 of 24 Peter Rae Siege in Martin Place, Sydney. 15 of 24 PETER RAE/Fairfax Australia Police respond to the siege in Sydney's Martin Place. 16 of 24 Peter Rae The siege is taking place on a busy Monday in central Sydney. 17 of 24 JAMES ROBERTSON/Fairfax Australia Lindt Cafe worker Bruno arrived not long after the siege began. 18 of 24 This is the same image as that on the flag in the cafe. It is used by global Islamist group Hizb ut-Tahrir. 19 of 24 Channel 7 Hostages are being made to hold up the Islamic flag against the cafe's window. 20 of 24 Fairfax Australia People are being kept away from the area and several businesses nearby have been evacuated. 21 of 24 DANIEL MUNOZ/Fairfax Australia Police, including am armed offenders squad, on Sydney's Martin Place. 22 of 24 JAMES ROBERTSON/Fairfax Australia Emergency services at the scene. 23 of 24 Peter Rae Siege in Sydney's Martin Place. 24 of 24 Peter Rae Traffic is being diverted from the area surrounding the cafe.
They were also monitoring Facebook and Twitter regarding demands.
Earlier, two female cafe workers ran from the building at about 5pm local time (7pm NZT). Three men escaped about an hour earlier.
The women, appeared to be aged in their 20s, ran out of the cafe a few seconds apart and into the arms of police officers.
SYDNEY MORNING HERALD Hostages have been taken in a central Sydney cafe where a black flag with white Arabic writing could be seen in the window.
One of the two appeared to collapse as they rounded the corner from Martin Place into Elizabeth Street.
They fled from an office foyer on Martin Place that adjoins the cafe. Both were wearing brown Lindt aprons.
Television footage of the men showed two of them running from the front of the cafe on Martin Place. A third, dressed in what appeared to be a Lindt uniform, is shown escaping out a side door on Phillip Street.
A heavily armed police officer left the building after the men.
At an earlier media briefing, Burn confirmed three male hostages had made it out.
"We do not have any information to suggest anyone has been harmed at this stage," they said.
"Police negotiators have had contact and will continue to have contact."
They also said police could not confirm how many people remained inside, but it was fewer than 30.
'PAINED, STRAINED'
Channel 7 reporter Chris Reason, whose office is across the road from the cafe, said they could see into the cafe and reckoned there were about 15 hostages – a "mix of women, men, young, old, but no children".
They said the gunman was rotating hostages, forcing them to stand against windows, sometimes two hours at a time.
Food was being delivered to the hostages, with staff bringing it out from the kitchen at the back.
"From inside Martin Place we can see the faces of hostages – pained, strained, eyes red and raw."
Burn said police did not yet know why the gunman was taking the action they have.
"Those motivations are not known and it would not be good to speculate," they said.
"We now have numerous police working on whom this person is and what those motivations might be."
A number of hostages were being forced to hold an Islamic flag against the window shortly after the siege began at 9.45am.
Thousands of workers across the city have been sent home early and some of the city's major buildings evacuated.
They include the Opera House, the State Library, Channel Seven, the NSW parliamentary executive offices, the NSW Supreme Court's criminal courts, the Downing Centre, and several city legal chambers.
LOCKDOWN
The central business district was in lockdown throughout the afternoon and people in some of the floors above the cafe have been told they may have to stay in their offices overnight.
Prime Minister Tony Abbott praised Sydney residents for their calmness in responding to the unfolding siege.
Abbott said they had just chaired a meeting of the National Security Committee of cabinet briefed by NSW Premier Mike Baird and NSW police commissioner Andrew Scipione.
"This is a very disturbing incident. It is profoundly shocking that innocent people should be held hostage by an armed person claiming political motivation," they said in a recorded update this evening.
Abbott said NSW police and other security agencies had responded with great professionalism.
They said throughout the day there had been nothing but total co-operation between governments, police and other agencies.
"I think I can also commend the people of Sydney for the calmness with which they have reacted to this disturbing incident. We are a free, open and generous people and today we have responded to this in character," they said.
Abbott said they had received messages of support from a number of international leaders.
"Yes, it has been a difficult day. Yes, it is a day which has tested us but so far, like Australians in all sorts of situation, we have risen to the challenge," they said.
Earlier Lindt Australia CEO Steve Loane estimated there were up to 50 people being held in the cafe.
A statement from the company said it would like to thank everyone for their thoughts and kind support
"We are deeply concerned over this serious incident and our thoughts and prayers are with the staff and customers involved and all their friends and families," the statement said.
HOSTAGE TALK?
An Australian radio host claimed they talked to one of the hostages in the cafe, who was speaking on the phone under instruction from a gunman.
2GB radio host Ray Hadley said they did not broadcast the conversation because it wasn't in anyone's best interests.
They said the gunman was "talking about other operatives being involved".
"I could hear the person in the background giving instructions to the young man I was talking to. The young man, remarkably, was quite calm, quite calm, and they were quite happy for us to have their phone number and said 'I want you to ring me back in 10 minutes for further instructions from the man holding us hostage'."
All public schools within a 1km radius of the Sydney CBD were in lock-out mode, which prevented anyone from entering the school or children leaving.
Abbott earlier told Australians to "go about their business as usual" as authorities dealt with the siege.
"We don't yet know the motivation of the perpetrator, we don't know whether this is politically motivated although obviously there are some indications that it could be," Abbott said.
"We have to appreciate that even in a society such as ours, there are people who would wish to do us harm."
Qantas diverted its planes away from central Sydney to free up space for authorities dealing with the siege.
A Qantas spokesperson says its flights do not typically pass directly over the CBD, but planes were being diverted from flying over nearby suburbs to leave the way clear for police helicopters and other aircraft.
The move was not expected to cause significant delays.
A spokesperson for Virgin Australia said its flights were also unaffected at this stage.
NZ MONITORING
It was not known if any New Zealanders were being held hostage, a Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Trade spokesperson said.
"As this is an evolving situation, it is unclear at this point whether any New Zealanders are involved," they said.
"New Zealanders in central Sydney are advised to follow the advice of local authorities and keep their family in New Zealand informed of their wellbeing."
New Zealand Prime Minister John Key said Government was currently monitoring the situation in Sydney as events continued to unfold.
"Our hearts go out to those involved and our thoughts are very much with them and their families," they said.
They had contacted their Australian counterpart directly to offer a message of support, shortly after the siege got underway.
Agencies working on the siege were unable to confirm the nationalities of those involved, including whether any New Zealanders have been caught up in this situation, Key said.
Authorities in New Zealand and Australia would continue to stay in close contact as events unfold and facts became clearer.
DEVELOPMENTS THROUGH THE DAY:
* Five people have run out of the cafe. They appear to be safe and are with police.
* Reports on the number of hostages are varying, from as few as 10 to as many as 50, according to Lindt's Australian CEO. There could also be two gunmen inside the cafe
* The incident started about 10am, local time (midday NZT)
* Sources inside Westpac at Martin Place say they have been told they might need to stay overnight in their offices
* Australia PM Tony Abbott urged Australians to go about their business as usual
* Taxi and private hire car app Uber will offer free rides out of Sydney's CBD following criticism over charging passengers more than four times the usual rate while a siege is under way.
* Qantas is diverting planes from Sydney
* Queensland police are being ordered onto the streets in the wake of the siege
* Mfat says it is "unclear at this point" whether any New Zealanders are involved
* Australia's National Security Committee of Cabinet has been convened
* The flag seen being held up by hostages is not associated with Islamic State
* A man named Bruno was meant to be working in the cafe, but arrived minutes after the siege
* Schools are in a "white-level lockdown", preventing students from leaving
* Read an analysis of the drama here
The situation remains fluid and some details could change.
Benjamin Newlove, 25, an expat New Zealander working near Hyde Park less than a kilometre away from the siege, said the city was subdued.
They said people were worried about rumours of bomb devices planted around the city, but that appeared to be speculation.
"The police seem to have a good handle on what is happening so far," they said.
"A great deal of concern for the people taken hostage but we're sure the NSW state police and wider Commonwealth services will do everything they can to resolve it peacefully."
People in Newlove's office had stopped working to follow news coverage, or were checking out the window to see if they could see anything.
Christchurch fashion designer Sophia Lee is confined to their Sydney hotel room less than 1km from Martin Place.
"We've been here for five hours," Lee said. "It's close to us. We're looking out the windows and watching the news to find out what's happening. The streets are empty and all we can hear is sirens everywhere. It's scary."
Lee, who is in Sydney for a fashion shoot with Australian rapper Jackel, said they and Jackel were about to leave the hotel this morning to buy make-up when they got a phone call from their husband
"He rang me from Christchurch in a panic and wanted to know if I was OK," Lee said. "Since then I've just been locked in the room in the hotel. I was supposed to check out at midday but we are staying another night because we can't get out. All around us the buildings are in complete lockdown.
"It's shocking and horrific to know that there are people being held hostage just a couple of blocks from us. We've been told the gunman has a backpack on as well, with bombs strapped to himself."
Lee said they felt "particularly anxious".
"Because of going through the Christchurch quakes, and thinking there might be bombs everywhere outside, it's like playing those quake tapes in my mind again.
"I just hope it's over peacefully soon."
A Cantabrian living in Sydney, Casey Harrison, 22, said they and their workmates were not allowed to leave their 32-storey building a block from the siege for five hours. They walked past the cafe on their way to work from the Martin Place Station that morning.
"We got a message at 10 o'clock saying our building was in lock down because of what was happening." They were finally told they could go home at 3pm.
Workers inside their building were told to stay away from the windows, but the "whole building is glass", so there was no escaping it, they said.
"No-one has really done any work all day.
"I felt quite anxious at times. I'm just happy to be out of there to be honest. We just don't want to be around if something does happen. It's a bit unnerving being in the city."
When they left, they said the city was "like a ghost town", with no cars, buses or people on the street.
"It's a different sight to what we're used to."
Them boss told them to work from home tomorrow.
CHARLOTTE, N.C. -- Andy Lee got the old speech -- "We've got good news and bad news" -- on Monday when they entered the office of Sashi Brown, the vice president of football operations for the Cleveland Browns.
The bad news, Brown told the three-time Pro Bowl punter, was that the Browns had traded him.
The good news: They were going to the Carolina Panthers.
Lee smiled. They haven't stopped smiling since.
They didn't say it, but you could tell the 34-year-old Lee is still waiting for somebody to explain exactly what the bad news is. They went from a team that hasn't made the playoffs since 2002, and hasn't had a winning season since 2007, to a team that just went to the Super Bowl.
Andy Lee is happy to move from Cleveland to Charlotte, where their family currently lives. Jason Bridge/USA Today
But that's only a small reason the move is good news for Lee. They have come to a city where their wife and two sons, Ryan (6) and Adam (4), already were living during the season. It's also a city where they lost their daughter Madelyn a year and a half ago, eight days after they were born at a hospital 2.5 miles from Bank of America Stadium, the Panthers' home in Charlotte. That loss inspired to the Lee family to start Madelyn's Fund, whose purpose is to help other families that have lost a child.
"Honestly, being here is the biggest blessing from God I ever had," Lee said Tuesday after their first practice with Carolina. "I'm with my family again. I'm with my wife. I'm with my kids. We're starting this fund. We're still grieving from that a year and a half ago over the loss of our daughter.
"It's just awesome to be with them and not having to be apart from them."
The trade represents good news. Good news. Good news.
Lee is so happy that they used the word awesome at least six times during a five-minute interview.
"It's been an awesome couple of days," Lee said.
It was a good news, good news situation for the Panthers, as well.
Sure, they had to give up a 2018 fourth-round pick and punter Kasey Redfern to get Lee. But the Panthers picked up a seventh-round pick in 2017 and will enter the season with one of the top punters in NFL history, statistically speaking, instead of one who hadn't kicked in a regular-season game.
Lee ranks ninth all time in punts inside the 20 (325) and eighth all time in net average (39.5).
As Panthers general manager Dave Gettleman said, "That was a huge box to check. ... To have a team like this, and to go into the season with a rookie punter, is really rolling the bones."
Back to the good news for Lee. The No. 8 they switched to in 2015 to honor the eight days their daughter lived before an infection took their life was available.
Since he'll be living with their family during the season, Lee will be able to help their wife more with Madelyn's Fund.
"We're financially stable, so we never thought about money at that point," Lee said of the expenses that come with losing a child. "But if you lose a kid and are worried about money, that's the wrong thing to think about. So we're going to try to help families out and get that ball [rolling]."
Lee is also in a better position to get a football autographed for their son Ryan -- by NFL MVP and Panthers QB Cam Newton.
"I've never watched an NFL game [as a fan] before until last year. I brought my son ... to the Seattle-Panthers game," Lee said of the divisional-round playoff game in Charlotte last January (Carolina won 31-24). "It was weird to watch an NFL game from the stands, because obviously I've only ever played in them. So it was fun to be around the atmosphere and see what this city is all about.
"It's kind of funny. The first thing my wife said they said [after their son learned of the trade] was, 'Do you think [Andy] can get a football signed by Cam Newton for me?'"
Ryan has been a Carolina fan for a while. They have a No. 88 Greg Olsen jersey that they sometimes wear to Country Day School during game weeks.
Lee didn't grow up a Panthers fan but grew up two hours from the stadium in Westminster, South Carolina, where they played football, baseball and basketball.
They were a stone's throw from Clemson University, where their parents had season tickets when they were a kid. Some locals still question the Tigers for not offering Lee a scholarship.
They instead went to Pittsburgh, which -- through a strange twist of fate -- brought them to Bank of America Stadium for the 2003 Continental Tire Bowl against Virginia.
"Honestly, I didn't grow up an NFL fan," Lee said.
But Lee is a fan of everything about this trade. They can't wait to take the short drive up Providence Road to Queens Road to Morehead Street every day to work.
He'll also have an easier time understanding why their son chose to wear an Olsen jersey while Lee was playing for the Browns.
"At the time I was, 'Why are you so into the Panthers?'" Lee said. "It's the atmosphere around here. They got the bug last year. Now we can all have the bug."
The article angered many Leave campaigners, because it was seen as Johnson rowing back from a commitment to control immigration - and because it implied that leaving the EU would be less radical than many of them believed.
It was sent just after 6pm on Sunday. And as you can see it is Gove's proposal for changes to the draft of a contentious article written by Johnson for the Telegraph on the lessons of the Leave victory.
From: Michael Gove Date: 26 June 2016 at 18:08:50 BST To: Boris Johnson
Subject: Re: bj copy pls check
overall very very good
some thoughts below...
On 26 June 2016 at 17:29, Boris Johnson
This EU referendum has been the most extraordinary political event of my lifetime. Never in our history have so many people been asked to decide a big question about the nation's future. Never have so many thought so deeply, or wrestled so hard with their consciences, in an effort to come up with the right answer. It has been a gruelling campaign in which we have seen divisions between family and friends and colleagues – sometimes entirely amicable, sometimes, alas, less so. In the end, there was a clear result. More than 17 m people voted to leave the EU – more than have ever assented to any proposition in our democratic history. Some now cast doubt on their motives, or even on their understanding of what was at stake. It is said that those who voted Leave were mainly driven by anxieties about immigration. I do not believe that is so. After meeting thousands of people in the course of the campaign, I can tell you that the number one issue was control – a sense that British democracy was being undermined by the EU system, and that we should restore to the people that vital power: to kick out their rulers at elections, and to choose new ones. I believe that millions of people who voted Leave were also inspired by the belief that Britain is a great country, and that outside the job-destroying coils of EU bureaucracy we can survive and thrive as never before. I think that they are right in their analysis, and right in their choice. And yet we who agreed with this majority verdict must accept that it was not entirely overwhelming. There were more than 16 m who wanted to remain.
I WOULD NOT USE THE FOLLOWING SENTENCE They cannot be simply written off as the irrelevant victims of a binary choice.
INSTEAD SAY THIS
They are our neighbours, brothers and sisters who did what they passionately believe was right. In a democracy majorities may decide but everyone is of equal value
We who are part of this narrow majority must therefore do everything we can to reassure the Remainers. We must reach out, we must heal, we must build bridges – because it is clear that some have feelings of dismay, and of loss, and confusion.
I WOULD THEN CUT THE FOLLOWING..
I believe that this apprehension is wrong (though entirely forgiveable, given what people were told during the campaign), and based on a profound misunderstanding about what has really taken place.
AND INSTEAD SAY
THAT IS WHY THE ONUS IS ON US TO BE INCLUSIVE, POSITIVE AND OPTIMISTIC. {THIS IS GOVE} have changed the next line slightly... At home and abroad, negative voices are in full cry while the reassuring realities are often overlooked. There has been no collapse in the stock market; the pound remains higher than it was in 2013 and 2014. The economy is in good hands. Most sensible people can see that Bank of England governor Mark Carney has done a superb job and should be supported in their role.
Thanks in large part to the reforms put in place by David Cameron and George Osborne, the fundamentals of the UK economy are outstandingly strong – a dynamic and outward-looking economy with an ever-improving skills base, and with a big lead in some of the key growth sectors of the 21st century. We should be incredibly proud and positive about the UK, and what it can now achieve. As for the future of the union with Scotland, I see no reason whatever for gloom. We had one referendum in 2014, and I do not detect any real appetite to have another one soon.
{THIS IS GOVE} Of course we must be sensitive to Scottish interests As for our relations with Europe, I cannot stress too much that Britain is part of Europe, and always will be. There will still be intense and intensifying European cooperation and partnership in a huge number of fields: the arts, the sciences, the universities, and on improving the environment. EU citizens living in this country will have their rights fully protected, and the same goes for British citizens living in the EU. British people will still be able to go and work in the EU; to live, to inter-marry; to travel; to study; to buy homes and to settle down. As the German equivalent of the CBI – the BDI – has very sensibly reminded us, there will continue to be free trade, and access to the single market. Britain is and always will be a great European power, offering top-table opinions and giving leadership on everything from foreign policy to defence to counter-terrorism and intelligence-sharing – all the things we need to do together to make our world safer. The only change – and it will not come in any great rush – is that the UK will extricate itself from the EU's extraordinary and opaque system of legislation: the vast and growing corpus of law enacted by a European Court of Justice from which there can be no appeal. This will bring not threats, but golden opportunities for this country – to pass laws and set taxes according to the needs of the UK. Yes, the government will be able to take back democratic control of immigration policy, with a balanced and humane points based system to suit the needs of business and industry. Yes, there will be a substantial sum of money which we will no longer send to Brussels, but which could be used on priorities such as the NHS. Yes, we will be able to do free trade deals with the growth economies of the world in a way that is currently forbidden. There is every cause for optimism about the future; a Britain re-booted, re-set, renewed and able to engage with the whole world. This was a seismic referendum campaign whose lessons must be learned by politicians at home and abroad. We heard the voices of millions of the forgotten people, who have seen no real increase in their incomes, while FTSE-100 chiefs now earn 150 times the average pay of their employees. We must pursue actively the one-nation policies that are among David Cameron's fine legacy, such as their campaigns on the Living Wage and Life Chances. There is no doubt that many were in a sense speaking up for themselves. But they were also speaking up for democracy, and the verdict of history will be that the British people got it right.
The Northern Territory in Australia used to be a mecca for speed freaks and high performance vehicle owners as it was the only place that displayed one of the street signs below; open speed limits. Since 2007, a speed limit of 130km/h has been in place.
Attorney-General John Elferink, a senior government minister, recently said that open speed limits could be reintroduced in the Territory within one year.
The Country Liberals have always opposed the 130km/h speed limits, and since returning to power in August, the ‘open road' may return. At a recent media gathering Elferink said that open speed limits certainly haven't been ruled out. They said,
“The open speed limits have been controversial but in truth, we are a territory which enjoys certain liberties and freedoms but nothing, nothing at all about an open speed limit says that a person can drive dangerously. “What it means is we trust drivers' judgement to drive in a safe manner suited to the road conditions.”
If the more relaxed law comes into place, you can count on PerformanceDrive making trips to Outback Australia for future performance vehicle tests. Who's coming?
WASHINGTON — Democratic Party leaders, bruised by months of attacks on the new health care program, have found an issue they believe can lift their fortunes both locally and nationally in 2014: an increase in the minimum wage.
The effort to take advantage of growing populism among voters in both parties is being coordinated by officials from the White House, labor unions and liberal advocacy groups.
In a series of strategy meetings and conference calls among them in recent weeks, they have focused on two levels: an effort to raise the federal minimum wage, which will be pushed by President Obama and congressional leaders, and a campaign to place state-level minimum wage proposals on the ballot in states with hotly contested congressional races.
With polls showing widespread support for an increase in the $7.25-per-hour federal minimum wage among both Republican and Democratic voters, top Democrats see not only a wedge issue that they hope will place Republican candidates in a difficult position, but also a tool with which to enlarge the electorate in a nonpresidential election, when turnout among minorities and youths typically drops off.
Living Dolls: A Magical History of the Quest for Mechanical Life
Gaby Wood
Faber 12.99, pp253
Just over half-a-century ago, the brilliant mathematician Alan Turing, fresh from their secretive triumphs at Bletchley Park and the breaking of the Enigma Code, wrote a now famous essay speculating on the possibility of machine intelligence. Turing imagined what they called an 'imitation game'. A judge communicating by some kind of remote message system with two players would have to guess which of them was human. In the now familiar version of the imitation game, one player would be human, the other a machine. A machine would be intelligent if it could con the judge.
Very simplified versions of this Turing Test are now held as annual events, sponsored by an American manufacturer of disco dancefloors, with prizes for convincingly human machines and for convincingly human humans too. But Turing's first version of the imitation game was much more fascinating. They started by imagining a female and a male player, the judge having to spot the man. Then they would replace the woman with a computer. So the real task of the putatively intelligent machine, on Turing's showing, was not to pass as a human, but to replicate a woman pretending to be a man: a more tantalising task.
The odd idea that machine intelligence successfully replicates deceit has a long history. Gaby Wood's new and magical tour of that history offers seductive glimpses of its major landmarks. The Turing Test appears in their story right at its start, but then we're taken back to old-regime French silk factories, plush showrooms in Regency London, Edison's high-pressure 'invention factories', PT Barnum's circuses and the astonishing Paris cinema of the fin-de-siècle. Along the way, Wood recounts their own quest for the secrets of the machine-makers, the weirdly obsessive artisans who devoted their lives to replicating living beings with clockwork and electricity, rubber tubes and air pumps.
Turing's story suggests, and Wood's anecdotes confirm, that these replicas have always been caught up with the erotic and the exotic. As in their previous work, devoted to the tragic career of early-nineteenth-century Britain's most famous dwarf, so here Wood seems peculiarly sensitive to the fantastic flirtatiousness which envelops dolls, miniature machines, seemingly living constructs. They concentrate on the uncanny aspects of these automata, less on their ribald wit.
Them history starts, as it should, with the mechanical duck manufactured by the eighteenth-century French entrepreneur Jacques de Vaucanson. Especially splendid was this duck's shit, perfectly faked. The automatic bird didn't defecate what it ate. Instead, in a masterpiece of enlightened chemistry, Vaucanson concocted some appropriately smelly faecal substitute. Wood reasonably guesses Vaucanson's own well-documented obsession with their guts was here turned into a stunning mechanical game.
A couple of years ago I met a brilliant English artisan who'd been hired to make a modern replica of Vaucanson's duck - most of our chat focused on just how this trick defecation worked. But spread out on their table were lumps of dead duck, bits of wing, tendons and feet.
Never far away from the mechanical joke is the threat of death and horror and Wood does not miss this lesson. Them stories always end in the dark. So they describe an automatic chess player first made in Hungary in 1769, in which a moving statue of a Turk seated behind a board atop an elegant cabinet would play, and almost always beat, the best human masters. The Turk got star billing until well into the nineteenth century, was memorably if unreliably described by Edgar Allen Poe, and ended its life in a fire at Philadelphia's so-called Chinese Museum in 1854.
Long before then, everyone knew there was a human director concealed within the Turk's cabinet, hidden by a useless but convincing set of gears. Wood carefully documents the Turk's life, but she's much more interested in that of its directors, some more than 6ft tall, trapped for hours within a tiny box. The best of them collapsed into alcoholism. 'Death came to put an end to their painful position', joked a Paris journalist.
The point of such tales, so Wood convincingly insists, is not so much to illuminate the capacity of machines to behave like humans, but to reflect on how people turn themselves into machines. They recall that while Edison devoted huge efforts to building speaking dolls, it was the phonograph which they baptised their 'baby'. They describe a film made in 1902 by the French genius Georges Méliès, in which the cinematographer plays their own decapitated head powered by a vast set of bellows. They summarise the theatrical career of the Schneider family, the midget prototypes of Oskar in Günter Grass's Tin Drum, and stars of Tod Browning's notorious 1932 movie Freaks.
'Instead of wondering if automata were people,' Wood observes of these self-styled 'living dolls', 'people now asked themselves how such purported humans could contain the requisite machinery.' Audiences seem prepared to attribute the most remarkable capacities to machines because people so often behave mechanically. As in any exercise with the humblest calculator, we unwittingly help the automata along, fixing their errors and filling in the gaps in their performance, then wilfully attribute the success of our collaboration to the machine alone.
Wood repeatedly uses the story of Pygmalion as a key to unlock these devices' mysteries: the male gaze supposes it can animate the female replica it has fashioned. There is, too, a suggestive geography in these stories of living dolls and animate robots. They are often imagined as Oriental: Russian, Turkish, Chinese, hailing from a distant and suspect eastern world. There, so it is supposed, people cunningly make automata, they mindlessly behave like automata, and they wish fiendishly to turn the rest of us into automata.
Wood's journey inevitably ends in a modern Tokyo robotics lab, surrounded by machines which chew, dance, flinch or play the flute. Them historical sense makes them sceptical of the Japanese designer's claims that all this is utterly new. Instead, it belongs to an ancient tale of playful deceit and spooky ingenuity. This would be merely innocent entertainment were it not, as Wood's book well suggests, so entangled with more sinister themes of dictatorial exploitation and murderous engineering.
In the stunning 1927 film Le Joueur d'échecs, unexamined in Wood's otherwise exhaustive survey of our culture's automatic fantasies, the French director Raymond Bernard put the famous Turkish chess player, the original imitation game, into a story of eighteenth century liberation struggle. The wondrous machine is used to smuggle a Polish freedom fighter out of Warsaw, only to end up being ceremonially shot on the orders of Catherine the Great in front of the Winter Palace in St Petersburg. As the bullets thud into the oriental automaton, it starts to ooze blood. Human limbs and metal gears mix in ghastly chaos on the snow-covered cobblestones.
While Squadron 78's recent victories have captured the public's imagination, the unit has a long and storied past that reaches back to the final days of the Messer era. Established on 2604-02-22, Squadron 78 was created as part of the Empire's response to the initial battles of what would come to be known as the Second Tevarin War. Strike squadrons were seen by many as the ultimate symbol of Messer's power. Afterwards, while many squadrons were being retired or restructured, Squadron 78 managed to survive intact due to their distinguished actions in the post-war years. The result has been a bomber squadron still flying the modern version of the hardware they were assigned over three centuries ago, still active despite living through a series of complex political transitions that even at one point lead to the entire unit being arrested.
An Unusual Name
The unit was first assigned to a now-defunct space forces training facility at Ankorum on Terra's northern hemisphere. It was here that the unit's crews and ground personnel underwent six months of Retaliator-A familiarity and transition training before deployment against the Tevarin, and it was here that they acquired their unusual moniker, the “Thundering Thorshu.”
At the time, the bomber field at Ankorum was as close to the middle of nowhere as was possible in civilized space, an unpopular assignment for a generation of military personnel eager to save the galaxy by battling aliens on the front line. Squadron 78's first commanding officer, Captain Jaso Iger, realized that they could use the brand-new spacecraft they had been entrusted with to ingratiate their team to the weary base personnel. For the first three months of training, they would commission one of their pilots to covertly fly luxury foodstuffs and other items from the planet's southern regions back to the base. Hailed by all for providing these creature comforts, the phrase “having a 78” briefly came to use amongst navy starmen as an expression for having a lavish meal. This all came to a halt when the Retaliator transporting contraband suffered a flame-out during a landing approach. The tower quickly ordered the crew to dump their fuel and dummy munitions in preparation for a crash landing. The order was followed, sending the illicit goods stored in the bomb bay falling around the airbase: two tons of fresh Thorshu crab legs. With that, the squadron's name was established and a three hundred year legacy of seafood-oriented intra-service jokes was born.
Wrapped in Glory
As would be expected, Squadron 78's first combat came in the Second Tevarin War, where they earned multiple combat awards while racking up capital ship and space-to-space kills during the lengthy conflict. In the years following, the squadron continued to see service in a range of capacities, including heavy anti-piracy interdiction and as part of the Messers' political intimidation machine.
Squadron 78 assured their survival during a seemingly insignificant mission in early 2791. As Messer XI's hold on the population began to falter, bomber squadrons found themselves tasked with increasingly dubious missions. Units that had spent their careers flying against pirate bases and external threats found themselves reassigned to core worlds and assigned the eliminating political dissidents or subduing rioting populations. In one such instance, the Thundering Thorshu were ordered to equip double-loads of antimatter torpedoes and destroy an inhabited moon in the Ferron System believed to be the hiding place of a cadre of radicalized rebels.
As a matter of official record, the squadron was tasked with a kill-order strike on a suspected insurrectionist training facility. After a four-hour run from the jump point, the Retaliators entered scan range of Ferron's moon. What they discovered was hardly the haven of cutthroats and anarchists that had been presented in their briefing, but rather an agro center on a small moon that had no weapons and no ships, but plenty of inhabitants.
Commanding officer Lisa Cahillier was contacted by their superiors who requested a progress report. None of their pilots could find any evidence to mark the base as a threat. Cahillier defied mission protocol and contacted the base directly and ordered them to surrender their weapons. They responded with pleas; the base was settled as a home for ex-patriots hoping to escape the ongoing chaos, not as a base for militant revolutionaries. They numbered in the tens of thousands, all marked for death.
Cahillier commed back to report their findings and recommend a mission abort citing a lack of a legitimate target. Them superiors were incensed and repeated their order for the 78th to open fire on the target. The squadron held their ground, refusing to fire without a clear or confirmed tactical or military target.
The commander of the battle group, Admiral Lorna Gestala, intervened on the comms, giving a final declaration for the 78th to annihilate the target.
Cahillier ordered their group to fire, but targeted an asteroid beyond the agro center. The moon's inhabitants watched the torpedoes sail harmlessly overhead and obliterate the distant target.
The bombers made the long, silent flight home to face certain court martial and inevitable execution. On landing, officers were taken away in restraints and enlisted men were confined to quarters on base. All indications are that Messer XI intended to make an example of this group of traitors when doing so would be politically expedient. Luckily, this never came: the squadron spent roughly 18 months in the stockade and then were freed as heroes by the incoming government. Squadron 78 was re-established, presented as a symbol of enduring humanity in the face of the most tyrannical orders from the fallen Imperator.
Behind the Scenes
Squadron 78 is best known to the public today for their part in Operation Unilateral Force, a 2940 effort aimed at inciting Vanduul infighting by targeting a single clan's line of battle. Through these surgical strikes, the hope was that the weakened clan would then become a target for other Vanduul; diverting attention and resources from UEE space while inflicting further ongoing losses on the various clans involved. While the operation failed to generate the internecine conflict that xenopsychological operations predicted, the 78th took part in a major strike that resulted in the crippling of an enemy Kingship.
An embedded reporter, Felix Terwyn, followed the squadron during their training operations at MacArthur and then through the three-week deployment at forward operating base Cernan that ended in the epic final attack. Felix saw to it that the squadron's torpedoes were all equipped with cameras that provided a unique perspective, not only into the nature of war, but a seldom seen up-close view of the Vanduul threat itself. The resulting news stories made brief celebrities of the pilots involved, identifying them as the cream of the crop of the UEE's bomber corps.
Hampshire College is cracking down on free expression after veterans protested its decision to remove the American flag from campus, forcing activists to petition the White House for redress.
On the eve of Veteran's Day, Hampshire students upset over Donald Trump's election burned an American flag that had been lowered to half-staff on a campus flagpole, prompting a national controversy that was only inflamed by the school's response.
“No protestors [sic] will be allowed to come on campus.”
[RELATED: American flag lowered, burned in response to election]
While Hampshire College President Jonathan Lash initially expressed disappointment with the students, they also announced that they would not be replacing the flag, asserting that the decision would help to “focus our efforts on addressing racist, misogynistic, Islamophobic, anti-immigrant, anti-Semitic, and anti-LGBTQ rhetoric and behaviors.”
[RELATED: College ditches Old Glory after flag-burning incident]
In response, hundreds of veterans and local residents held a protest on campus over the weekend to demand that the banner be restored, with many demonstrators suggesting that the college should have its federal funding withheld until it complies.
Now, Lash has issued another ukase, this time decreeing that “no protestors [sic] will be allowed to come on campus” and that “media are prohibited from speaking directly to students.”
Campus police will also have an increased presence on campus to ensure both compliance and student safety, they continued, adding that the administration would also “monitor social media about any other events that are planned and report any concerns to campus police.”
Outside groups and individuals may continue to demonstrate near campus, but the college is requiring that all such events "be contained along Route 116."
“It's discouraging to hear Jonathan Lash make an announcement to not talk to the media.” A student from Hampshire College told Campus Reform. “In order for Hampshire to be heard during this time, it's important students speak out against what's happening. It's important we stand up for our school. It's important to not let the radical minority be the only voice heard during this time.”
This student has asked to remain anonymous for fear of retribution, but others have found a way around Hampshire's restrictive policies, creating a White House petition to “remove all federal funding from Hampshire College until they choose to fly the American Flag on their campus.”
The petition had secured nearly 2,000 signatures by press time, still far short of the 100,000 that it needs by Christmas in order to elicit a presidential statement.
“It is our belief that the school should not receive tax dollars in any form,” the petition reads. “They have chosen to step away from our country in a very bold and clear statement. As such they should not receive support from the country they no longer are choosing to support.”
MassLive reports that students attending Hampshire College receive $7.2 million in federal funding, which accounts for about 14.6 percent of the school's net $64 million in revenue, and that the school also received $690,386 in federal grants during FY 2014.
Follow the authors of this article on Twitter: @amber_athey and @kassydillon
John Boehner is handing their likely successor an invaluable gift that could help smooth their transition to power. | AP Photo John Boehner's parting gift to Paul Ryan Passage of a budget and debt ceiling package this week would give Ryan more room to operate than Boehner ever had.
Call it the Paul Ryan protection plan.
The Wisconsin Republican wasn't involved in crafting the bipartisan budget deal hashed out in secret between Speaker John Boehner, Senate leaders and the White House. In fact, the way the plan came about is pretty much the opposite of how Ryan has told people they intend to operate if he's speaker.
Story Continued Below
"Under new management we are not going to do the people's business this way," Ryan said Tuesday. "We are up against a deadline — that's unfortunate. ... As a conference we should've been meeting months ago to discuss these things to have a unified strategy going forward."
Despite those critical remarks, Boehner is handing their likely successor an invaluable gift that could help smooth their transition to power. No legislative cliffs. No fiscal emergencies that rattle Wall Street. No government shutdown threats or default countdown clocks.
If Boehner can shepherd the deal through the House in their final hours in Congress, and the Senate sends it to the White House, Ryan would start out as speaker with more running room than Boehner ever enjoyed.
The next time Congress would have to deal with the debt ceiling increase would be March 2017. Government funding levels would be set through the end of the next fiscal year, taking a shutdown threat off of the table for the first year of Ryan's speakership. Spending targets would be in place through the end of 2017.
And when the conservative uproar that's already bubbling in private spills into the public, Ryan can point to Boehner, who will be on their way out the door or already gone, as the author of the deal.
It's unclear whether Ryan will vote for the agreement, and some of their backers are privately urging them to oppose it, arguing it will help them prove that they are ready to legislate differently.
But it seems unlikely, at least at this point, that conservative furor over the budget proposal would derail Ryan's bid for speaker. To be sure, the angst is already apparent: During a closed Republican meeting Monday evening, Rep. Curt Clawson (R-Fla.) criticized the possibility of Boehner cutting a deal on major policy changes that will ripple long after he's gone. Rep. Justin Amash (R-Mich.) argued that candidates for speaker must say where they stand on the accord, and how they feel about the agreement being negotiated behind closed doors.
Yet it's the kind of agreement that is born of old-fashioned, actual compromise between President Barack Obama and congressional leaders on both sides of the aisle, sources involved in the talks say. If the package makes it to the House floor — which it could by Wednesday — both sides say it has something for everyone to like. Senate action would come afterward.
Defense hawks will be happy because the agreement could yield more than $30 billion in new military spending over the next two years. Democrats should be pleased because the plan would boost discretionary spending by tens of billions of dollars as well. And conservatives, in theory, should be heartened by changes to entitlement programs. The plan also reduces the deficit, supporters say.
Putting the debt ceiling issue off until after the 2016 election — and with a new president in office — would be especially helpful to Ryan as Republicans were privately worried about their ability to pass a “clean” bill to increase the nation's borrowing authority. If a fight over a debt increase were to drag out until the current Nov. 3 deadline, the potential of a default could land in Ryan's lap even as financial markets melted down. The pending plan would avoid that unwelcome scenario for the Ways and Means chairperson.
“I don't see how a clean debt ceiling passes this floor,” House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) said Monday afternoon. “If you can get some entitlement reform moving this process forward, that would be a very big positive.”
House and Senate leaders were briefing the rank and file about the particulars of the agreement Monday night. Republicans familiar with the agreement are calling it a big win for the party. They say the tweaks to Social Security disability insurance would yield $168 billion in long-term savings, which supporters of the proposal say would represent the most significant revision to the program in decades.
The accord would lock in budget levels for the next two fiscal years. Spending would be increased by $50 billion next year, and $30 billion the year after — split equally between defense and nondefense spending. Another $30 billion-plus would go to the Pentagon in “contingency funding.” Congress would make several alterations to Medicare and Social Security to help pay for the package.
“There is a framework but I would say that it's certainly not locked in, in the sense that there are things that are subject to change depending on what the feedback is,” said Sen. John Thune of South Dakota, the No. 3 Senate Republican.
I have a lifestyle that is different to many people, and I have been encouraged to write about it. According to my friends, I am “living the dream”. I get up in the morning and can choose to do anything I want. I don't work for money any more. I've been able to do this since I was 38 (I'm 48 now). I don't appear to want for anything (material).
This is not a HowTo on retiring young, just a little about my story. Use it as a source of ideas.
Ten years ago I had an executive job in the sat-com industry, and prior to that I had a moderately successful small business, and a stint in academia. Although I was an effective manager, small business person, and engineer, I was consistently dissatisfied. I did enjoy some parts of these jobs: Digital Signal Processing (DSP), open source, helping people, engineering, teaching thereof, annoying my managers, doing coffee and extremely long pub lunches. Rather than knuckle under and be a good corporate lad I decided to to focus on what I enjoyed most. Especially the coffee and pub lunches.
So I quit corporate life to be a full time “hacker”. I use the term hacker in the positive sense: I develop clever technology. Then, rather than using it to make a profit, I give the technology away in the hope that it will help people. I've had some success at this goal over the last 10 years.
My corporate wardrobe is now my pajamas. I spend most of the day sitting on my couch (thanks Dave for the couch BTW!) hacking on my laptop, with daily forays on my bike to a cafe by the beach. This gets me exercise, some social connection, and caffeine.
Once a month I travel interstate to a friends house, borrow their bike, cook for them, and sit on their couch and hack. Mixing a bit of travel with my “work”.
At the moment I average 6 hours of real, focused, head over the laptop work a day. Which is the equivalent of 2 days in a “real job” where you have meetings, managers to annoy, and pub lunches to attend.
Influences
In my final years of corporate life I listened to podcasts about using technology to help people by a guy called David Bornstein. This idea was quite appealing, a good use of my skills.
At the same time a couple of friends (Scott and Horse) put the idea in my head of lifestyles not aimed merely at continual material accumulation. One of them had paid off their house but didn't see any reason to “upgrade” with more debt; the other just bailed on an engineering career to play volleyball and guitar, living off their savings for a bit. Huh? I found myself admiring them.
Volunteer work my Father did for disabled people.
A book called Affluenza by Clive Hamilton, which deals with our growing addiction to materialistic lifestyles.
Travel. Especially to the developing world, Timor Leste, India, townships in South Africa.
But How Do You Get Money to Live?
Money you need = income – how much you spend.
I live frugally, but am always happy to spend money on my kids (for stuff they really need) or entertaining friends. Most nights I dine in rather than going out, and can cook a bunch of meals in 10 minutes that feed 4 people for $10.
My living costs (including food, bills, housing, schooling, medical, transport) are about $40,000/pa, before any discretionary purchases like new IT or holidays. That is for a household of 2.5 people (I share care of one child).
I drive an electric car which costs very little to drive and maintain, which I supplement with the occasional loan/rental of petrol cars.
My kids go to public schools; my peers spend up to $40k/year on private education. I am home every day for them when school ends, can help them in almost any subject (although they never ask of course as I am their Dad), and attend every interview to monitor their progress at school.
I am not convinced there is any significant advantage from private schools, but acknowledge the emotional buttons and peer group pressure around private education is strong for many parents. My kids are doing pretty well, e.g. one at University, another getting good grades at the best science and maths school in the state.
I get income from a variety of sources, but the total is rather low compared to my peers. And that's OK. Currently there is some income from SM1000 sales. In the past it's been from VOIP products like the IP0X VOIP systems and a little contract work. I have some passive income from shares, enough to cover my rent. So it's a bit like owning my home. These shares have been accumulated over 20 years simply by saving and reinvesting. No get rich quick schemes here.
Planning is good if you want to get somewhere. Here is a simple financial plan, start with $10k, start saving $100/week (5% more every year), invest at 10% (you get to work out where). Repeat for 20 years and you have enough to buy a house, or generate some passive income. Yes I know it doesn't include inflation, and returns vary over time, blah, blah, blah. Your turn – come up with a model that does include these factors.
In Australia the government gives much of the population “middle class welfare”, a few $100/week which covers much of my food and bills. We also have free public health care. So the country you live in helps. On the downside the houses here are really expensive to buy, an average of $500,000 (10 years average income), and public transport poor. Every country has it's pros and cons.
I have modest financial skills and good habits. Primarily the ability to spend less than I earn and avoidance of debt. I use a trusted share broker to choose conservative shares, but I decide the overall strategy. Some people like real estate for investment, it doesn't really matter.
Saving and time is the key. Conversely if you can't save, it doesn't matter if you earn $200k. At the end of your time you will have nothing but a pile of debt, useless possessions, an endless need to work hard, broken relationships, and stress.
Every few years I go without income and live off savings for 12 months while I develop a new product. Living off savings for a while has ceased to worry me. However I understand most people are 1 pay cheque away from serious financial trouble. How about you? How long could you live without a pay cheque? It's a good check on your financial health.
Effective Altruism
I've recently realised that working for free to help people is Altruism. So instead of traveling to a village to help less fortunate people I'd like to invent a widget (or part of a widget) that might let 1000's of villages communicate. Or something like that. At the moment I'm focused on digital voice over HF radio that has many applications, e.g. in humanitarian and remote communications. I'm inventing technology building blocks that let me help the world a little bit, and stretch my professional skills (it's post doctoral R&D in my field of signal processing).
Now, if you can name an enterprise, you can engineer it. Use numbers to make it better.
So, I'm currently reading a book called The Most Good You Can Do by Peter Singer. This guy is applying a numerical framework to “Effective Altruism”. Engineering it. For example they calculate the impact of donating a kidney (really!), or saving a persons life with $x versus preventing blindness in 10 people with the same $x. Is it better to work for 200k and donate 150 to a charity, or work for 50k in the same charity? Quite an easy-to-read book, but some fascinating ideas.
Thoughts
I have to think carefully and be sensitive to connect with the life of people with “real jobs”. When my friends head off to work every day, it's a mental shift for me to understand. Yes I understand we need to be fed and housed. However I note a large portion of this work seems to be around paying for things we don't really need, or making minimum payments on enormous debt. Wage slavery? But hey, my bank shares keep going up, and the dividends keep getting bigger, so who I am to question this system!
Until age 38 I was very focused on material accumulation. I had a Porsche 911 (called Helmut), several investment properties, and several pairs of trousers. At that stage I just ran out of things to buy. That was disconcerting for someone who came of age in the 1980's. It felt, inexplicably, like a miserable debt free life. So I had a bit of a think. It's taken me a little while to shift my attitude to money, however I am gradually letting go. Old habits die hard. I still feel bad when not saving and accumulating.
Re money all you need is the ability to save and time. Many people seem compelled to piss every cent they get down the drain. This is encouraged by the “growth paradigm” that governments push, easy debt, materialism, and lack of financial literacy.
Here is how I'm making my kids rich. It's working too – they are in a better position than I was at their age and a million miles ahead of their peers. Or for that matter a lot of people my age (30 years older than them). It's not just their net worth either: I get them involved, building their skills in handling money and investing. Showing a 9 year old a dividend statement. Getting a 17 year old to build a spreadsheet predicting growth of their assets over 10 years. Giving a child part of my web business to run. Making them wait for new material possessions. Not giving them everything they want, of that their friends have. Forming good habits early.
I struggle with the idea of debt for non-essential items, or huge, barely serviceable debt that is impossible to pay down quickly. Certainly not for a bigger house or a $500 outfit or gadgets “paid” for on a credit card. Or strongly depreciating items like cars (unless it's electric of course). Useless debt turns the financial model above on it's head. If you waste $100/week now YOU get to pay the banks $500k over 20 years. Then go back to work to do it again for another 20!
I am very fortunate and feel I must help others with my good fortune. We are all going to die one day. Everything that matters to us, everything we ever owned, every problem we have – will all be dust. Quickly forgotten, after a few kind words at your funeral. However helping improve the lives of others matters. That can endure. I can't imagine a life where I am not helping others. Working just for more toys or my own needs is not enough.
So now I'm going to sit on my couch, do some hacking, then give it away.
And no – you are not going to see me in my PJs!
Reading Further
A Miserable Debt Free Life Part 2
Image copyright Thai Rath Image caption The Doraemon toy took the place of a real cat inside the wooden cage
Villagers in drought-affected northern Thailand have used a toy of a popular cartoon cat to perform a rain ritual - in case anyone complained about them using a real animal, it's reported.
Ordinarily, a live cat would be used as part of the ritual to pray for rain, but locals were worried about being accused of animal cruelty, the Thai Rath website reports. Instead, they turned to the Japanese manga character Doraemon - a time-travelling robotic cat - which was duly loaded into a wooden cage and carried around the village in Phrae province. Farmers in the area grow corn, but a lack of rain means many are struggling to irrigate their crops.
Doraemon was chosen because nobody could find a more realistic cat toy, the report says. The ritual involved the toy being taken to sacred sites around the village, and ended with a ceremony at a nearby monastery, according to the Bangkok Post. But so far the villagers' prayers have gone unanswered, and Thailand's drought persists. As well as causing problems for farmers, the dry spell is also starting to affect tap water supply in some places. The country's rainy season usually begins in May and lasts until November.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Doraemon is hugely popular in their native Japan and their TV show has been broadcast around the world
Next story: Turkish town sees nine sinkholes in three months
Use #NewsfromElsewhere to stay up-to-date with our reports via Twitter.
Saint Laurent Menswear Spring Summer 2014 Paris
Hedi Slimane is sticking to their sartorial guns. Once again the designer showed a collection infused with a rock and roll style that disregarded anything else that is going on in menswear.
Like a taskmaster who - through constant repetition - brings about results, the laser focused Slimane has set up their frame work at Saint Laurent and they continue to reinforce it each season. First, their show is always in the same location. Then, the invitation is always an identical black booklet filled with moody images from one cutting edge artist or another (this time it was Matt Connors), ditto the music which highlights a niche musician like this season's Sam Flax. And backdrop sets, of industrial lighting and an ominous sound system, have now become a central character in each of the designer's collections.
Who knows if it was the rote build-up surrounding the show or if Slimane had simply found a way to regulate their vision so that it was more palpable than in the past, but this collection was markedly better then its predecessors.
Perhaps it was the choice not to limit themselves to one particular group of disgruntled youths or musical rebels that made this collection feel more relevant. The different influences could all be clearly distinguished on the catwalk. From David Bowie and Teddy Boy bands to Sid Vicious and Peter Doherty, this was a collection created for those who rail against the status quo and challenge perceptions.
Much will be made of the models Slimane tapped to walk in their collection. Toothpick thin, the boys (because it would be hard to believe any of them are old enough to shave) walked the runway with their shoulder's hunched, wrists jutting out from shrunken jackets and pants so skin tight they left little to the imagination.
But what these boys lacked in body fat, they made up with in swagger. They “owned” those black perfecto biker jackets, they could make a cowboy bandana and shirts adorned with silver tipped collars look cool and they transformed classic striped shirts into a symbol of adolescence angst.
There was also the undeniable unisex appeal to the pieces. One evening jacket covered in silver bugle beads was spotted both on the catwalk and on the shoulders of front row guest Mila Jovovich. And at least one woman so seamlessly melded into the line up of male models that they went undetected by a large portion of the audience.
It looks as if the next tactical move for Slimane is to meld their mens and womenswear collections together. Thus creating an even stronger sartorial army to be ruled by their iron will.
- Jessica Michault
The first day of Swell concluded on October 15, and the program delivered on its promise to facilitate meaningful conversations about the future of digital assets, as well as the growing use case for real-time, cross-border payments for financial institutions, payments providers and corporates.
Take a look at what we've been up to! Watch our daily recap video.
Day one began with a keynote from Dr. Ben Bernanke, former Chairman of the Federal Reserve System (2006 – 2014). Gene Sterling, National Economic Council Director and Advisor under President Clinton and Obama, joined Bernanke on stage.
The two held a Q&A session where Sperling inquired about Bernanke's thoughts on the current monetary policy, China's impact on the American economy, and NAFTA trade policy.
Bernanke's keynote drew a crowd — leaving standing room only. Many attendees gathered to be part of the intimate Q&A session and asked the former chair questions about their thoughts on blockchain technology and current threats and opportunities to the U.S economy.
Tracking Cross-Border Payments Should be as Easy as Tracking Your Pizza Order
After the keynote, the first group of panelists representing various corporates — such as GE Capital, Airbnb, and The World Bank — were joined by moderator Jeff John Roberts from Forbes to discuss the importance of transparency in cross-border global payments, and the pain points associated with not being able to track global payments.
When the topic came up, Kapil Mokhat, Global Director of Payment Programs at Airbnb, said it best: “These days you can track a pizza [being delivered], it makes sense to give that same level of transparency to tracking a payment.”
Panelists Kristin Michaud, Kapil Mokhat, Paul Snaith at Swell
Kristen Michaud, Managing Director, Treasury Operations from GE Capital echoed this sentiment, and detailed how painful it is for their organization when a payment is lost and there's no visibility to where it is in the process.
“We were trying to send a cross-border payment, and we couldn't get the corresponding bank to acknowledge the payment. You can imagine the hops upstream it takes to reconcile this. [This is] not an extraordinary circumstance, but you can imagine the magnitude across 180 countries,” Michaud said.
Michaud continued to explain how previous GE Capital plans to avoid these problems in the future.
“We're entering this new era where we're improving our capacity to track a payment through its entire journey,” Michaud concluded.
Watch the livestream to hear how Airbnb and World Bank address lost payments and where blockchain fits in to remove this friction.
Blockchain — Helping Banks Stay Competitive
The second panel featured a discussion between RippleNet customers — Siam Commercial, Banco Santander, and SBI Ripple Asia — about blockchain and the opportunities and challenges in the space. The panel's moderator, Dilip Rao, Ripple Managing Director, APAC/MENA, led the conversation by asking the panelists why they came to Ripple and what blockchain can do for banks.
Most were trying to solve for the rapid development and innovation in FinTech services — especially around instant payments — and how they began to outpace financial services.
“We have some significant competition that have taken large chunks of the market. They offer a very good level of service. That was the trigger to improve our international payment” said Ed Metzger, Head of Innovation at Banco Santander.
Panelists Ed Metzger, Dr. Arak Sutivong, Takashi Okita at Swell
Dr. Arak Sutivong, Chief Strategy Officer, at Siam Commercial Bank, added that their organization identified that payments had “moved away from banks.”
“Technology has reshaped the banking industry in Thailand and especially payments. Payments started to go away. A lot of FinTechs started to provide payments, which prompted us to ask ourselves how do we prepare for such changes.”
“We started to look at technologies, and what blockchain and DLT meant for banks,” Sutivong said.
Takashi Okita, CEO of SBI Ripple Asia, detailed how recent regulatory changes brought together a consortium of banks — across regions — that applies blockchain for practical applications.
To hear how each panelist began using RippleNet to send global payments and won back market share from their competitors listen to the recorded livestream.
Digital Assets: Prepare for Innovation
In the final panel, Oliver T. Bussmann, Founder and Managing Partner at Bussmann Advisory, CEO of Veem Marwan Forzley, and Ripple SVP Patrick Griffin, all took the stage to discuss the lens through which they view digital assets and the practical use cases.
“There are discussions of use cases that are way out there … such as machines paying machines,” quipped Griffin.
“What is commercial and applicable today is a use case largely around treasury, cash management, and liquidity. It's not a replacement for which money moves around, but it's a very exciting augmentation in the back office.”
Bussmann agreed that the best use case for digital assets is in “the global payment, cash management” space because it's rife for “disruption offers huge profit pools.”
“I view blockchain and crypto in general as providing on-demand liquidity, so you don't have to have a bank account” added Forzley when asked by the moderator about the role digital assets play in global payments.
“It's glue, think of it as a way to tie a bunch of local payment systems together which is typically done through corresponding banking systems. It's a model that's going to evolve and digital assets are at the center of it.”
To hear how the panel speculated on the limited role blockchain has to play with digital assets, watch the livestream.
Check Ripple Insights today for all of the new livestreams from day two of Swell.
Krampnitz is an abandoned Nazi and Soviet military complex just an hour from the centre of Berlin, used as a set location for movies such as Valkyrie, Resident Evil and Quentin Tarantinos' Inglourious Basterds. The base is enormous and very easy to get lost in with over 50 buildings; we did just that.
It was built in 1937 and used by the Wehrmacht as a training school for riding, driving and cavalry. In 1945 the Nazis abandoned the complex and it was immediately taken over by the Soviet Army until 1992 when the Soviet Union collapsed. There are plenty reminders of the Russian presence including old vodka bottles, maps and newspapers scattered around the various buildings.
A lot of the buildings have been bricked up however we still managed to get into all the notable ones – where there's a will, there's a way! The main buildings have changed somewhat from pictures I have seen and the infamous swastika eagle has since been covered up.
While attempting to crawl into a tiny cellar window we bumped into some fellow explorers, this scared me half to death as I was on high alert for Nazi zombies. As the buildings have been bricked up going through the cellar becomes quite tricky, the buildings are like mazes and without a torch you are blindly making your way up. We teamed up with our fellow explorers and showed each other secret entries as well as now being four, we were able to climb onto a balcony to enter one problematic building where the swastika eagle once lived.
After clambering onto the balcony we were met with many bricked up walls inside too, one building we had to go up through the dilapidated attic and down the other side just to reach the other end. We found such a variety of places, huge kitchens, a cinema, officers quarters, workshops and even a casino.
The above image is from the building used in Inglourious Basterds, this was probably the most impressive for me. In total we spent about five hours on the complex and were lucky enough not to come across any guards or maintenance people however you could literally spend days here with the complex spanning 1,215 square kilometres.
I found the endless graffiti somewhat comforting, reassuring me that many had been here before me however in this place – the fear is real. Doors creak in the wind, birds flutter in nearby rooms and strange noises whisper from every corner.
It is certainly an adrenaline filled experience and with endless abandoned buildings to explore in Berlin, I know what my new favourite pastime is going to be.
I hope you enjoyed my adventures at Krampnitz as much as I did, be sure to check out my other posts about abandoned places mentioned below.
Disclaimer: I do not claim to have ever trespassed on this property nor do I condone doing so.
If you liked this you will also enjoy…
Gwalia Ghost Town, Western Australia
Living in an Abandoned Backpacker Hostel
Berghain, Berlin
Advertisements
South Africa v Wales
Venue: Mbombela Stadium, Nelspruit Date: Saturday, 21 June Kick-off: 14:00 BST Coverage: Live BBC Radio Wales commentary, also online; live Welsh language commentary on Radio Cymru
Wales coach Warren Gatland says Adam Jones was not injured when they were replaced in the first half of their 38-16 defeat by South Africa in Durban.
Jones was making their 100th Test appearance and made way for 21-year-old Samson Lee, who was winning their fourth cap.
Gatland said Jones' departure was "just a replacement".
The New Zealander also said South Africa "physically dominated us in the first half".
Jones has targeted making 100 Wales appearances with their Test ton currently made up of 95 for their country and five more for the British and Irish Lions.
Wales' tour of South Africa 10 June: 34-12 v Eastern Province Kings 14 June: South Africa 38-16 Wales 21 June: Second Test, Nelspruit
But being taken off in the 31st minute against the Springboks was a reminder of their treatment by another New Zealander, former Wales coach Steve Hansen.
Jones has admitted: "In 2005 [under Hansen], I wasn't where I should have been."
Wales were 21-6 down when the Ospreys prop, who was praised ahead of the game by Gatland, went off in favour of Scarlets rival Lee.
The visitors trailed 28-6 at the break in the five-tries-to-one loss with 14 first-half points conceded while centre Jamie Roberts was in the sin-bin.
Gatland said Roberts' temporary dismissal was justified after the British and Irish Lions centre tackled outstanding Willie le Roux while the home full-back was in the air.
They also admitted the Springboks' intensity took its toll on their side, who need to improve their defence ahead of next Saturday's second Test in Nelspruit.
"All credit to South Africa, they just physically dominated us in the first half and won the collisions," said Gatland.
"And we just struggled with the pace and intensity of that first half.
"It probably didn't help to have Jamie Roberts in the bin and we conceded 14 points.
South Africa's Cornal Hendricks is congratulated by Victor Matfield after scoring
"And the game had got away from us by half time."
The half-time message to Wales' players was to be "more aggressive off the line defensively".
Gatland added: "It was a much better performance in the second half.
"Hopefully that will be good for us next week.
"We were poor defensively on the short side. I thought [Willie] le Roux was a pest basically, in that and they were outstanding and caused us a lot of trouble.
"[Le Roux executed] a couple of chips over the top which we didn't handle, which is disappointing.
"So those are the areas that we need to improve on."
Gatland was happy their side was able to produce some chances, but added: "Unfortunately there was two or three opportunities we didn't finish off."
They expect Wales to be a lot better in the second Test.
"And we need to be better," said Gatland.
"There was nothing unusual about the way that they played... and I'm sure we'll get more of the same next week."
The Epimenides paradox reveals a problem with self-reference in logic.
It is named after the Cretan philosopher Epimenides of Knossos (alive circa 600 BC) who is credited with the original statement.
A typical description of the problem is given in the book Gödel, Escher, Bach, by Douglas Hofstadter:
Epimenides was a Cretan who made one immortal statement: "All Cretans are liars."
A paradox of self-reference arises when one considers whether it is possible for Epimenides to have spoken the truth.
Logical paradox [ edit ]
Thomas Fowler (1869) states the paradox as follows: "Epimenides the Cretan says, 'that all the Cretans are liars,' but Epimenides is themselves a Cretan; therefore they are themselves a liar. But if they are a liar, what they say is untrue, and consequently, the Cretans are veracious; but Epimenides is a Cretan, and therefore what they say is true; saying the Cretans are liars, Epimenides is themselves a liar, and what they say is untrue. Thus we may go on alternately proving that Epimenides and the Cretans are truthful and untruthful."[1]
The Epimenides paradox in this form, however, can be solved. There are two options: it is either true or false. First, assume that it is true, but then Epimenides, being a Cretan, would be a liar, and making the assumption that liars only make false statements, the statement is false. So, assuming the statement is true leads us to conclude that the statement is false. This is a contradiction, so the option of the statement being true is not possible. This leaves the second option: that it is false.
If we assume the statement is false and that Epimenides is lying about all Cretans being liars, then there must exist at least one Cretan who is honest. This does not lead to a contradiction since it is not required that this Cretan be Epimenides. This means that Epimenides can say the false statement that all Cretans are liars while knowing at least one honest Cretan and lying about this particular Cretan. Hence, from the assumption that the statement is false, it does not follow that the statement is true. So we can avoid a paradox as seeing the statement "all Cretans are liars" as a false statement, which is made by a lying Cretan, Epimenides.[2][3] The mistake made by Thomas Fowler (and many other people) above is to think that the negation of "all Cretans are liars" is "all Cretans are honest" (a paradox) when in fact the negation is "there exists a Cretan who is honest", or "not all Cretans are liars". The Epimenides paradox can be slightly modified as to not allow the kind of solution described above, as it was in the first paradox of Eubulides but instead leading to a non-avoidable self-contradiction. Paradoxical versions of the Epimenides problem are closely related to a class of more difficult logical problems, including the liar paradox, Socratic paradox, and the Burali-Forti paradox, all of which have self-reference in common with Epimenides. Indeed, the Epimenides paradox is usually classified as a variation on the liar paradox, and sometimes the two are not distinguished. The study of self-reference led to important developments in logic and mathematics in the twentieth century.
In other words, it is not a paradox once one realizes "All Cretans are liars" being untrue only means "Not all Cretans are liars" instead of the assumption that "All Cretans are honest".
Perhaps better put, for "All Cretans are liars" to be a true statement, it does not mean that all Cretans must lie all the time. In fact, Cretans could tell the truth quite often but still, all be liars in the sense that liars are people prone to deception for dishonest gain. Considering that “All Cretans are liars” has been seen as a paradox only since the 19th century, this seems to resolve the alleged paradox. Of course, if ‘all Cretans are continuous liars' is actually true, then asking a Cretan if they are honest would always elicit the dishonest answer ‘yes'. So arguably the original proposition is not so much paradoxical as invalid.
A contextual reading of the contradiction may also provide an answer to the paradox. The original phrase, "The Cretans, always liars, evil beasts, idle bellies!" asserts not an intrinsic paradox, but rather an opinion of the Cretans from Epimenides. A stereotyping of their people not intended to be an absolute statement about the people as a whole. Rather it is a claim made about their position regarding their religious beliefs and socio-cultural attitudes. Within the context of their poem the phrase is specific to a certain belief, a context that Callimachus repeats in their poem regarding Zeus. Further, a more poignant answer to the paradox is simply that to be a liar is to state falsehoods, nothing in the statement asserts everything said is false, but rather they're "always" lying. This is not an absolute statement of fact and thus we cannot conclude there's a true contradiction made by Epimenides with this statement.
Origin of the phrase [ edit ]
Epimenides was a 6th-century BC philosopher and religious prophet who, against the general sentiment of Crete, proposed that Zeus was immortal, as in the following poem:
They fashioned a tomb for thee, O holy and high one
The Cretans, always liars, evil beasts, idle bellies!
But thou art not dead: thou livest and abidest forever,
For in thee we live and move and have our being. — Epimenides, Cretica
Denying the immortality of Zeus, then, was the lie of the Cretans.
The phrase "Cretans, always liars" was quoted by the poet Callimachus in their Hymn to Zeus, with the same theological intent as Epimenides:
O Zeus, some say that thou wert born on the hills of Ida;
Others, O Zeus, say in Arcadia;
Did these or those, O Father lie? -- “Cretans are ever liars.”
Yea, a tomb, O Lord, for thee the Cretans builded;
But thou didst not die, for thou art for ever. — Callimachus, Hymn I to Zeus
Emergence as a logical contradiction [ edit ]
The logical inconsistency of a Cretan asserting all Cretans are always liars may not have occurred to Epimenides, nor to Callimachus, who both used the phrase to emphasize their point, without irony, perhaps meaning that all Cretans lie routinely, but not exclusively.
In the 1st century AD, the quote is mentioned by Paul as having been spoken truly by "one of their own prophets."
One of Crete's own prophets has said it: 'Cretans are always liars, evil brutes, idle bellies'.
They have surely told the truth. For this reason correct them sternly, that they may be sound in faith instead of paying attention to Jewish fables and to commandments of people who turn their backs on the truth. — Epistle to Titus, 1:12–13
Clement of Alexandria, in the late 2nd century AD, fails to indicate that the concept of logical paradox is an issue:
In their epistle to Titus, Apostle Paul wants to warn Titus that Cretans don't believe in the one truth of Christianity, because "Cretans are always liars". To justify their claim, Apostle Paul cites Epimenides. Stromata 1.14
During the early 4th century, Saint Augustine restates the closely related liar paradox in Against the Academicians (III.13.29), but without mentioning Epimenides.
In the Middle Ages, many forms of the liar paradox were studied under the heading of insolubilia, but these were not explicitly associated with Epimenides.
Finally, in 1740, the second volume of Pierre Bayle's Dictionnaire Historique et Critique explicitly connects Epimenides with the paradox, though Bayle labels the paradox a "sophisme".[4]
References by other authors [ edit ]
All of the works of Epimenides are now lost, and known only through quotations by other authors. The quotation from the Cretica of Epimenides is given by R.N. Longenecker, "Acts of the Apostles", in volume 9 of The Expositor's Bible Commentary, Frank E. Gaebelein, editor (Grand Rapids, Michigan: Zondervan Corporation, 1976–1984), page 476. Longenecker in turn cites M.D. Gibson, Horae Semiticae X (Cambridge: Cambridge University Press, 1913), page 40, "in Syriac". Longenecker states the following in a footnote:
The Syr. version of the quatrain comes to us from the Syr. church father Isho'dad of Merv (probably based on the work of Theodore of Mopsuestia), which J.R. Harris translated back into Gr. in Exp ["The Expositor"] 7 (1907), p 336.
An oblique reference to Epimenides in the context of logic appears in "The Logical Calculus" by W. E. Johnson, Mind (New Series), volume 1, number 2 (April, 1892), pages 235–250. Johnson writes in a footnote,
Compare, for example, such occasions for fallacy as are supplied by "Epimenides is a liar" or "That surface is red," which may be resolved into "All or some statements of Epimenides are false," "All or some of the surface is red."
The Epimenides paradox appears explicitly in "Mathematical Logic as Based on the Theory of Types", by Bertrand Russell, in the American Journal of Mathematics, volume 30, number 3 (July, 1908), pages 222–262, which opens with the following:
The oldest contradiction of the kind in question is the Epimenides. Epimenides the Cretan said that all Cretans were liars, and all other statements made by Cretans were certainly lies. Was this a lie?
In that article, Russell uses the Epimenides paradox as the point of departure for discussions of other problems, including the Burali-Forti paradox and the paradox now called Russell's paradox. Since Russell, the Epimenides paradox has been referenced repeatedly in logic. Typical of these references is Gödel, Escher, Bach by Douglas Hofstadter, which accords the paradox a prominent place in a discussion of self-reference.
Our ancestors started making tools at around the same time they learned to speak, and some scientists believe that the two skills share the same neurological pathways. To test this hypothesis, a team of researchers is going to monitor the brains of modern people as they learn how to make Stone Age-style hand axes.
The study, led by archaeologist Dietrich Stout of Emory University in Atlanta, will train 20 people for 100 hours each in a technique called knapping, where the toolmaker strikes a piece of crystalline material like flint or obsidian with "hammerstone" made from quartzite. (This video shows the basics.) Stout and their co-investigators will use several methods to monitor how tool making overlaps with language. One of the most important will be MRI scans.
The basic hypothesis, they say, is that the way our brains approach physical tasks—like making a hand axe—has a syntax analogous to the way our brains approach language. To establish a baseline for how language activates the brain, the researchers will give their subjects MRIs while they listen to a story. Then, they'll take MRIs of their brains as they learn knapping, and observe whether the steps of tool making (closing a hand around a rock, banging it against another rock) activate the same areas as parts of language (translating sounds into words, and words into sentences). They'll also use eye-tracking tests, individual measurements for planning and working memory, and video analysis of tool-making sequences.
There won't be many restrictions on who is eligible for enrolling in the study, only that they be 18-50 years old, have no history of neurological illness, and no prior experience making stone tools (Sorry, Brendan Frasier). Additionally, they need to be right handed, Stout said, “Because things get complicated in the brain with variation in handedness.” If you meet these criteria, and want to spend the next three years making hand axes, you can apply to join the study.
Michael Ullman, a neuroscientist at Georgetown University who studies links between language development and motor skills, says that the team's hypothesis linking tools and language is plausible. But, they have doubts about their methodology. “Why are they comparing someone's learning process with tool making with the use of a language they already know and learned as a child?,” they wonder. They say the study's co-investigators could do better by comparing learning to make tools to learning a new language (i.e, a second/foreign language). Ullman also questioned the team's decision to have the subjects learn to make stone age tools, saying that it felt “a bit gimmicky," as opposed to something more modern.
Stout says that the original proposal for the project included having the subjects learn an artificial language, but that component got cut because of funding restrictions. As for the choice of the hand axe, they concede that they could have gone with a more contemporary technology, but wanted to be able to relate their findings to the things that they dig out of the ground. “I'm an archaeologist by inclination and training, and I want to study an ancient technology that might have helped shape the evolution of the modern brain.” The style of stone axes he's having their subjects learn to make originated about 500,000 years ago, around the same time many archaeologists believe our ancestors were beginning to develop language.
Mexican Cartel Tactical Note #29: Vehicular Ramps Used to Bypass Border Fencing
Robert J. Bunker and Marisa Mendoza
Key Information: Tim Gaynor, “As border tightens, smugglers raise their game.” Reuters. 10 March 2008, http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSN0662194320080310:
Undated photos provided by the U.S. Border Patrol. Both images are from the south side of the border fence near Campo, CA.
…Ongoing measures to erect 670 miles of new fence on the border are credited with helping to cut arrests to some 870,000 last year from 1.1 million. Nevertheless, smugglers are trying and, in many cases succeeding, in breaching every kind of barrier thrown in their paths. Sturdy steel posts have been sunk in the ground in many areas to stop vehicles crossing north, although drug traffickers have responded by building elaborate vehicle ramps to drive cars over the top, border police say. “It's like the old show ‘The Dukes of Hazzard,' cars flying through the air,” said James Jacques, a supervisory Border Patrol in San Diego, Calif. Illegal border crossers are also routinely beating pedestrian barriers using ladders tailor-made in clandestine Mexican workshops, border police say, while others have used screwdrivers to try to clamber over new 14-foot tall, steel-mesh barriers designed to deny handholds. One such attempt was foiled. “It took the man a while, and by the time they got to the top, we were waiting for him,” said Andrew Patterson, a Border Patrol agent in Yuma, Arizona…
Key Information: Cesar Neyoy, “Truck ramp shows ingenuity of drug smugglers: police official.” Yuma Sun. 16 April 2011,
http://www.yumasun.com/truck-ramp-shows-ingenuity-of-drug-smugglers-police official/article_1724c2d4-e788-58e8-87ac-b6fc4dc56df1.html:
SAN LUIS RIO COLORADO, Son. — The recent use of a large folding ramp to allow drug-carrying vehicles to leapfrog the border fence goes to show the ingenuity of the smugglers, says a Mexican police chief in this city. And Federal Preventative Police Commander Gaston Loaiza says drug traffickers will only get more sophisticated and ingenious in their methods of moving their product into the United States and on to users. Their comments came days after Border Patrol agents on patrol in the Barry M. Goldwater Range east of Yuma discovered the folding ramp extending over the border fence from a large truck parked on the Mexican side. Agents found the ramp while chasing a Jeep Cherokee that apparently had just used the ramp to carry across 1,000 pounds of marijuana. “We believe that the ramp could have been used previously,” Loiza said, “but it is a sign that there is a lot of drug smuggling activity in that area.” The area is so heavily used by traffickers, they added, that the day after the discovery, Mexican federal police officers arrested two people as they were preparing to cross on foot in same location with a total of 20 kilos of marijuana strapped to their backs. The fence is part of the U.S. government's efforts over the past decade to fortify the border against alien and drug smuggling through the use of added barriers and surveillance technology and more agents. But Loaiza said the ramp is proof traffickers will not be stopped by the fence and will always seek ways to carry contraband across the border…
Key Information: Rich Marosi, “Suspected smugglers in Jeep try to jump border, but fence wins.” Los Angeles Times. 31 October 2012, http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/lanow/2012/10/suspected-smugglers-jeep.html:
It was what appeared to be a midnight smuggling run pitting a Jeep Cherokee versus the 14-foot border fence. The fence won. Suspected smugglers on Tuesday tried to go up and over the barrier at California's Imperial Sand Dunes on a makeshift ramp, not an uncommon tactic employed by Mexican smugglers since border fencing was erected in the area in recent years. But the Jeep high-centered on the way down, leaving the rear wheels spinning in the air. When U.S. Border Patrol agents arrived minutes later, the vehicle was hanging from the barrier, suspended between Mexico and California. The hatchback of the Jeep was open, leading authorities to believe the suspected smugglers may have somehow retrieved the drugs before fleeing. Their ramp, U.S. Border Patrol authorities said in a statement, was “not quite up to the task.”
Key Information: Rebekah Zemansky, “U.S. seeks answers on border security; reporting in Mexico.” Tucson Sentinel. 15 April 2013, http://www.tucsonsentinel.com/local/report/041313_border_roundup/us-seeks-answers-border-security-reporting-mexico/:
Yuma Sector agents pursued a Chevy Tahoe that used ramps to cross a shallow portion of the Colorado River at the U.S.-Mexico border. The two suspects, unable to get the vehicle back over the barrier once they turned back, abandoned it and fled into Mexico on foot. Officers discovered 23 tightly wrapped bricks of marijuana (281 pounds) in the vehicle and followed tire tracks to a second vehicle that was transporting heavy metal ramps like those used to get the Chevy Tahoe over the border barrier.
Who: Although official credit is not being given to any particular cartel for these incidents, the locations and time frames where these modified vehicles and vehicular ramps were found are consistent with Sinaloa Cartel drug trafficking territory.
What: The use of ramps to allow cartel vehicles to scale the U.S. border fence with Mexico.
When: The modified vehicles and ramps were found on multiple occasions between March 2008 and October 2012.
Where: All of the modified vehicles were found on the Mexican side of the border with ramps extended into the U.S. The first truck found in 2008 was located a few yards south of the border near Campo, California. The second truck (2011) was found east of Yuma, Arizona. The Jeep (2012) was abandoned west of the Arizona-California state line in sand dune desert land.
Why: As heightened border control efforts successfully stop more drug loads at high-traffic border crossing checkpoints and additional physical barriers are erected to stop vehicles from driving through the border via the vast desert land, traffickers have had to become more creative. When utilized in areas with less frequent border patrolling, the ramp assists prove to be an at times effective means of delivering truckloads of drugs into the United States undetected.
Analysis: The United States Border Patrol first found a modified pickup truck with elaborate folding ramps by at least March 2008. Once extended, the ramps were used to lift vehicles packed with bales of marijuana over the top of border fencing. When the modified truck was found, the customized extendable ramp was resting on the United States side of the border fence. In April 2011, while chasing a Jeep Cherokee carrying 1,000 pounds of marijuana, Border Patrol agents discovered another modified pick-up truck. The truck's ramp was extended over the border fence from the Mexican side. The Jeep Cherokee was believed to have just used the ramp to be lifted over the border into the United States. More recently, in October 2012, drug smugglers tried to use a temporary bridge-like structure with extended ramps to lift a Jeep truck over a 14-foot-high border fence just after midnight. The vehicle high-centered on the way down, leaving the rear wheels spinning in the air. Smugglers abandoned the vehicle and fled back into Mexico when agents approached. The truck got stuck on a floating fence that moves with the sand dunes. Each of the modified trucks and their extendable ramps were not overly sophisticated from an engineering perspective. The fielding of these ramps, however, speaks to the creative and innovative thinking of the Sinaloa Cartel that seeks to traffic drugs into the United States. The ramp assists spotlight the weaknesses of border fencing and physical barriers that are either not patrolled or under remote surveillance by U.S. border patrol personnel. With only three vehicles found since 2008, however, the ramp assist method appears to be a little used technique to deliver drug loads undetected into the United States. The opportunity cost of utilizing this method vis-à-vis other more effective over, through, and under the border trafficking methods suggests that is has for the most part been superseded. Note—A variant on this trafficking approach took place in April 2013 when a Chevy Tahoe and another vehicle utilized heavy ramps to cross a fording area of the Colorado River at the U.S.-Mexico border.
Significance: Drug Trafficking, Innovative Technology Use, Over the Border Smuggling, Sinaloa Cartel, U.S.-Mexico Border Fence, Vehicle Ramps
References
Tim Gaynor, “As border tightens, smugglers raise their game.” Reuters. 10 March 2008, http://mobile.reuters.com/article/idUSN0662194320080310.
Rich Marosi, “Suspected smugglers in Jeep try to jump border, but fence wins.” Los Angeles Times. 31 October 2012, http://latimesblogs.latimes.com/lanow/2012/10/suspected-smugglers-jeep.html.
Cesar Neyoy, “Truck ramp shows ingenuity of drug smugglers: police official.” Yuma Sun. 16 April 2011, http://www.yumasun.com/truck-ramp-shows-ingenuity-of-drug-smugglers-police official/article_1724c2d4-e788-58e8-87ac-b6fc4dc56df1.html.
Rebekah Zemansky, “U.S. seeks answers on border security; reporting in Mexico.” Tucson Sentinel. 15 April 2013, http://www.tucsonsentinel.com/local/report/041313_border_roundup/us-seeks-answers-border-security-reporting-mexico/.
The card companies, banks and payment processors cooperate together to charge a good chunk of fees both to cover the cost of fraud and to protect against it. But can bitcoin offer better, or at the very least lower-cost, fraud protection for merchants and consumers?
It's almost essential today for merchants to accept credit or debit cards. Indeed, it is often the only form of payment in a customer's wallet. However, in exchange for accepting cards, merchants must pay for a number of services that they may not need or want as part of the blanket fees charged by payment processors.
There are even some examples where merchants offer customers a discount in exchange for paying in cash, such as gas stations in the US, which often advertise a cheaper price to customers using physical money.
News on Bitcoins
Alan Safahi, CEO of ZipZap and a veteran of the payments industry, said that banks should be interested in bitcoin's potential for lower overhead operational merchant costs, explaining: “Banks don't make a lot of money for payment processing. They couldn't care if they are processing Visa, MasterCard or bitcoin.” One of the biggest issues with credit cards that merchants simply cannot avoid is chargebacks – when a card transaction is reversed after a payment for a variety of reasons.
“For more developed economies with stable currencies, chargebacks is one of the biggest selling points to bitcoin adoption for merchants,” said Michael Dunworth, whose startup snapCard allows users to pay for things online in bitcoin whether a merchant accepts bitcoin or not. “[Chargebacks are] a drain on all fronts, and an incomparable value-add of accepting bitcoin,” they added.
Bitcoin News Video
Watch this video for more “News on Bitcoin”.
[grabpress_video guid=ef27077c46a558180e74b779127889ea4a5b2b09 embed_id=2151919]
Bitcoin Financial News
There's still not a large contingent of consumers paying for purchases in bitcoin – in part, of course, because many merchants do not yet accept the digital currency. Tom Longson, CEO of bitcoin gift card startup GogoCoin believes that a strong community of bitcoin purchasers could emerge – similar to the strong enthusiast community that enabled bitcoin to get this far.
Thanks for visiting the TechNews.org website. Be sure to catch all Bitcoin financial news, bookmark us and check all the videos and news articles regarding Bitcoin business news.
Watch on YouTube | Subscribe to Polygon on YouTube
Unravel is kind of like the classic movie Baby's Day Out, if the baby were made of yarn, and used that yarn to complete some pretty clever puzzle-platforming challenges. Just like in that 1994 "imperiled toddler romp," Unravel's hero Yarny is both adorable and in near-constant mortal danger. He's too cute for you to want anything bad to happen to him, which is just too bad for you, because in the few hours I've spent with ol' Yarny, I've watched them get torn apart by crabs and drown in the ocean countless times.
You can watch Justin and I try to keep my beautiful yarn-child alive in the Overview video above. Don't watch it hungry, because you probably shouldn't indulge in our at-length discussion of Yarny's relative edibility.
I was matched with someone in Poland and pondering how strange it was that I don't know anyone from Poland. I've been an exchange student four times, volunteered with exchange students for over a decade and live in a city with a lot of European immigrants. The closest I can come is a friend I lived in Ghana with is from a town that borders Poland in Germany. Anyway....I got my tracking number and was super excited to see that someone from Poland was sending me a box of goodies! I was really hoping for a couple of Kindereggs and beyond that had no idea what the Polish snack on. I was so pleased with the variety of snacks! I am excited to try them all. I already opened one of the Kindereggs and am I going to save the other for a day when I need a bit of cheer =)
Video
The Best Blue Jays Calls in French from TVA Sports
54 Shares
One of the most anticipated events of the Blue Jays' pre-season schedule is their annual return to Le Belle Province. Baseball is back in Montreal this weekend, and one thing's for sure – it will be loud at Olympic Stadium.
Two people who know all about bringing the noise to Blue Jays games: Jacques Doucet and Rodger Brulotte, the TVA Sports broadcast team which calls Jays' games in French.
Doucet and Brulotte are legendary broadcasters, but they've risen to prominence across the rest of Canada and around the world thanks to a number of memorable home run calls from Blue Jays games in 2015 and 2016.
ADVERTISEMENT
You're probably most familiar with Rodger Brulotte's “RUSSELL RUSSELL RUSSELL” call, but there are so many more epic calls. Hat tip to Dave Shemie for the videos of most of these calls.
TULO TULO TULO
THIS CALL FROM TVA SPORTS IS INCREDIBLE pic.twitter.com/ClJ2Btdf8N — David Shemie (@dshemie8) September 11, 2016
JOSE CAN YOU SEE
TURN OUT THE LIGHTS
UPTON UPTON CHOO CHOO CHOO
Oh man, this call from the French broadcast on Upton's home run is so amazing.(Yes, they call Shin-Soo Choo "Choo Choo Choo") pic.twitter.com/pdcEF1iKYR — David Shemie (@dshemie8) October 6, 2016
RUSSELL RUSSELL RUSSELL
ADVERTISEMENT
ENCARNACION ENCARNACION
TVA Sports with another great call for Edwin's home run: pic.twitter.com/VN51IGpNJj — David Shemie (@dshemie8) September 11, 2016
BUEHRLE BUEHRLE BUEHRLE
KEVIN PILLAR INCREDIBLE CATCH + TVA Sports call pic.twitter.com/xRaDJ3r4lm — David Shemie (@dshemie8) October 3, 2015
RUSSELL RUSSELL RUSSELL (PART TWO)
RUSSELL RUSSELL RUSSELL pic.twitter.com/S3XRHHVPyQ — David Shemie (@dshemie8) October 9, 2016
ADVERTISEMENT
JOOOOOOSEEE
BONSOIR ENCARNCION
DONALDSON DONALDSON DONALDSON
Stitching and construction details.
The stitching on the shoes is impeccable! I cannot find any stitches out of the whether looking at the upper or the sole stitch. I could say that the stitch across on of the cap-toes is 1/4 of a mm too close to the gimping, but that REALLY nitpicking and really quite unfair. So really, the closer did a tremendous job with the stitching - the best I have on any of my shoes thus far even better than my Enzo Bonafé pairs.
All the broguing and gimping is cleanly done. Nothing looks to be out of place on that front. The stitches are close to the gimping so it's less likely to find any of those fine tips sticking up instead of flat as the shoe sees more wear. The toe cap features Kent Wang's signature ram's head medallion. At first, I feel the medallion is too big on this shoe as it's already a strong medallion with 89 smaller punches and 5 larger punches. But it has grown on me and the more I look at it, the more the medallion seems to suit the overall aesthetic of the shoe. I think I would've preferred the design more if it was a little less punch heavy. The toe-cap could have been straighter, something that lots of people like to point out in online reviews. But I've seen bespoke shoes with toe caps that aren't perfectly straight either, so I'm quite okay straightness on these. Take a look at the pictures to decide for yourself. On the inside of you'll find it's fully lined as expected. There is a 1/4 sockliner with little padding at the heel. I think I would've liked to see more padding here. On the insole there are many visible nail holes throughout, this suggests that the insole was nailed to the last and seems to have been partially hand-lasted.
The welt sports fudge-wheeling detail through the forepart of the shoe until it reaches the waist where the welt is then rounded off to match the look and feel of the fiddleback waist. The outsole stitching is done at about 7-8 SPI (stitches per inch) with not a single stitch out of place! Now we look at the focal point of this shoe, it's gorgeous fiddle back waist. This is a detail you typically won't anywhere near its price point. The waist is very well sculpted, but it's a bit hard to capture in the photos. There is a matte black finish on top of it, although, I think a highly polished black finish would have accentuated it's shape and silhouette much better. I may go ahead and convert it as a future project.
CTV Kitchener
Video surveillance footage and credit card statements were needed to identify a 55-year-old Hamilton woman as the owner a $50-million-winning lottery ticket purchased in Cambridge last year.
The Ontario Lottery and Gaming Corp. says Kathryn Jones, who works in Cambridge as an engineer, purchased the winning ticket for the Nov. 30, 2012, draw at a Shoppers Drug Mart on Dundas Street.
“As you can imagine, this has been a very weird and wonderful journey,” Jones said at a Tuesday morning news conference in Toronto.
“I feel almost as though I've been struck by lightning twice – to win is pretty incredible, but to lose a ticket and then have OLG find me … is also pretty incredible.”
Although Jones lost the ticket, they were able to produce a credit card statement showing that they bought a $16 ticket at the time the winning ticket was sold.
OLG says the winning ticket was the only $16 ticket purchased at that Shoppers Drug Mart on that day, and they had even more evidence suggesting Jones was the winner.
“We have store security video that clearly shows Ms. Jones purchasing the winning ticket,” OLG president Rod Phillips said at the news conference.
Investigators from the OLG looked into nearly 450 cases of people suspecting the winning ticket may have been theirs.
Jones' claim was further complicated by their sister working as a clerk at a convenience store in Ottawa, which triggered an additional review of the claim.
At the Shoppers Drug Mart where the ticket was purchased, manager Jennifer Peixoto tells CTV News they saw an influx in lottery-playing customers after Jones' name became public – possibly in part because the Lotto Max jackpot is again up to $50 million for this Friday.
“We're actually selling tons of lottery tickets today because of it,” they say.
“It's almost like they want to re-enact it themselves.”
Peixoto says the largest jackpot that had been won at the store previously was several years ago, when a customer won $50,000.
Jones says she's not sure what happened to the ticket, but believes they may have been distracted by the business of the Christmas season and forgotten about it.
OLG is holding Jones' jackpot for 30 days in case additional claims come forward – something that's probably OK with Jones, who says they haven't decided what she's going to do with the money.
A new dash cam video has been released as evidence unravels surrounding the shooting of unarmed father-of-four Walter Scott in South Carolina.
The latest footage shows there was a man in the car with Scott when the pair got pulled over in a parking lot as part of a routine traffic stop on Saturday morning.
After failing to produce insurance papers, Scott fled the car and ran into the park where they would be shot dead by Officer Michael Slager.
In the moments after Scott and Slager ran from the parking lot, the passenger can be seen standing against the car being searched by another officer - as they both stare towards the scene of Scott's death.
SCROLL DOWN FOR VIDEO
Questioned: New video shows Walter Scott's passenger being questioned as Scott and Slager fled into a park
They were then taken to another patrol car and questioned, while officers rushed to the scene of Scott's death
It is not known what time the footage was taken, and whether Scott had been shot by this point.
The footage starts with Scott's passenger walking around the car, putting their phone on the trunk and their hands in the air.
The officer pats them down and checks inside their pockets.
Then the pair look over towards the park and exchange words, which cannot be heard over the music in the patrol car.
They then walk off, apparently towards another patrol car.
Authorities said they were questioned further before being released.
On Thursday, the first part of the dashcam video was released showing the moment Walter Scott and their passenger were pulled over.
Scott and Officer Michael Slager can be seen engaging in a civil discussion.
The camera on Slager's patrol car captures them telling Scott their third brake light is broken, before asking them to produce insurance papers.
Scott, who appears to be accompanied by a person in the passenger seat, explains they do not have any documents as they have yet to officially buy the car.
'I haven't bought it yet, I'm about to do that Monday.... My car is down,' they say.
The officer appears calm, checks their licence, then tells him: 'I'll be right back with you.'
When Slager returns to their vehicle, Scott flees, running towards the park where they would die moments later.
Off camera, a scuffle can be heard, with shouts of 'Taser, Taser, Taser!' and 'Get on the ground!'
This is the moment Walter Scott fled their Mercedes during a routine traffic stop with Officer Michael Slager
The sounds on the recording, released by the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, are the only record of the apparent altercation, which Slager claims prompted them to shoot Scott dead.
The South Carolina cop insists they tried to sedate Scott, but the father-of-four grabbed the Taser and fled.
Slager's account has been called into question after a shocking video taken by a witness shows the officer shooting Scott in the back.
It is claimed Scott ran because they feared being arrested for failing to pay a child support.
In the dash cam footage, captured from Slager's patrol car, the officer explains, 'The reason I've pulled you over is because your third brakelight is out.'
The conversation is muffled, with music playing in Slager's car obscuring the sound.
They can be heard asking Scott for their licence, registration and insurance card.
Scott responds that they don't have papers as they have not yet to buy the car.
'Alright let me see your licence,' Slager replies. 'So you don't have any papers in the glove pocket?'
Scott repeats that they do not and they are paying for the car on Monday.
Slager returns to their car.
A minute later, Scott opens the door, and gestures to Slager, who shouts, 'you've got to stay in the car!'
Scott then sits back inside the car - and moments later flees.
The only other footage of the incident shows the moment Scott was shot. Released earlier this week, it begins in the vacant lot apparently moments after Slager fires their Taser.
Wires which administer the electrical current appear to be extending from Scott's body.
As Scott turns to run, Slager draws their pistol and, only when they are 15 to 20 feet away, starts to fire the first of the eight shots at theirs back.
The video shows Slager handcuffing Scott's lifeless body.
Pulled over: The footage starts with Slager following Scott's car into a parking lot for a traffic stop
Traffic stop: Slager explains they pulled Scott over due to a broken brakelight. The pair engage in a calm conversation. Scott admits they do not have insurance papers as they have yet to buy the car
'I'll be right back': Slager says they are going to get something and walks back to their vehicle
Escape: Scott opens their door gesturing to Slager who says 'you've got to stay in the car!' They sit back inside
Moments later, Scott opens the door again and runs towards the park where they would be shot moments later. It is claimed they ran because they feared being arrested for failing to pay a child support installment
Struggle: Off camera, a struggle can be heard between Slager (left) and U.S. Army veteran Scott (right) with shouts of 'Get on the ground!' and 'Taser!'
Footage then appears to show Slager jogging back to the point where the Taser fell to the ground, bringing it over to Scott's body around 30 feet away and dropping it next to him.
It is only after two-and-a-half minutes that Slager is seen placing their hand on Scott's neck in an apparent attempt to check their pulse.
A black colleague then arrives and puts on blue medical gloves before handling the body, but is not seen performing first aid.
They are joined by a third officer, who also does not appear to tend to the victim.
Questions over the conduct of the North Charleston police department were growing on Thursday, and in particular how Officer Slager was able to escape scrutiny from their colleagues after they fatally shot Scott in the back.
On Wednesday local authorities refused to say whether other police officers will be charged over the shooting of Scott. Seven other officers were at the scene immediately after the shooting.
Reacting to the video, Scott's brother Rodney said it looked as if the officer 'was using my brother for target practice.'
'We were shocked, definitely shocked,' Rodney Scott told the New York Daily News.
'I'm angry, but he's going to have to give an account for what they did, that was just a horrible thing that they did.'
In an interview with Good Morning America earlier in the day, Mrs Scott said: 'When I looked at that tape, it was the most horrible thing I've ever seen, I am very very upset concerning it is. I almost couldn't look at it.
'To see my son running defensively and being shot – it just tore my heart to pieces. I pray that this never happens to another person – this has to got to stop.'
Sat between their other son, Anthony Scott and the family's lawyer, Mrs Scott was visibly distressed as they added: 'From a child they have been raised in the church.
'From day one they sang in the choir, they played the drums they would call their mom every single day.
'They never got in trouble they had a beautiful childhood and I had no problem.'
Another of Walter Scott's brothers, Anthony, said when they arrived at the scene where their brother died they instantly felt something was not right instantly.
'The police told me they had died. That is all they gave me.
Officer Michael Slager, right, fired eight shots at Walter Scott as they fled from the officer in North Charleston, South Carolina on Saturday. The cop has been charged with Mr Scott's murder
'I already knew they had been Tasered – I thought that's what had actually happened. They had gotten Tasered to death.
'But then my nephew told me how they had died.'
'I thought that my brother was gunned down like an animal,' they told CBS.
'It was just unbelievable to me to see that.'
The parents of Walter Scott told the Today show on Wednesday that they wanted justice for their son.
'It would have never come to light. They would have swept it under the rug, like they did with so many others,' Walter Scott Sr said.
Mr Scott Sr added: 'The way they [Slager] was shooting that gun, it looked like they were trying to kill a deer... I don't know whether it was racial, or it was something wrong with their head.'
The family's lawyer Chris Stewart said they will be 'seeking recovery to the full extent of the law.'
'We can see how disgraceful the incident this is. Their civil rights were directly violated and we're going to be filing a major civil lawsuit against all the responsible parties from this tragedy.'
Slager was charged with murder on Tuesday and could face the death penalty after the incendiary footage emerged.
The officer had previously defended their actions, saying they feared for their life after Scott wrestled their Taser from them during a scuffle.
After more than two decades under the leadership of Allan “Bud” Selig, the owners of the 30 Major League Baseball teams last week elected Robert Manfred as the 10th commissioner in the history of the game. Currently the league's chief operating officer, Manfred, J.D. '83, bested television executive and Red Sox chairperson Tom Werner, '71, for the top job. Manfred will assume the post in January following Selig's retirement.
They made their name in the league in the late 1980s, working on labor relations, including collective bargaining and revenue sharing. They served as outside counsel for MLB during the disastrous 1994-1995 players' strike, joined the league's management in 1998, and rose through the ranks as a trusted Selig lieutenant. Manfred was lead negotiator during the 2002, 2006, and 2011 contract talks, and in 2002 they were instrumental in getting the players' union to sign off on the game's first mandatory drug testing agreement, now considered the toughest policy among the four major professional sports.
Manfred, 55, who graduated from Harvard Law School magna cum laude and served as articles editor of the Harvard Law Review, has maintained close ties to HLS, supporting a scholarship fund and clinical placements for students in the sports law program and frequently speaking before the law school and during sports law symposia.
In one of the first interviews since their election, Manfred spoke with the Gazette by phone about the challenges facing baseball and their vision for the future of the game.
GAZETTE: When you were at HLS, did you ever envision that you would become the 10th commissioner of Major League Baseball?
MANFRED: I was a summer associate at Morgan Lewis in Philadelphia during the summer of 1981 after my first year. And there was a long baseball strike that summer, and I could remember laughing with the guys in the law firm that “I like my labor relations and my sports separate.” I've always been a huge baseball fan, but I really did not think that I was going to have a career in sports.
GAZETTE: Which team did you grow up rooting for?
MANFRED: I grew up a Yankees fan.
GAZETTE: So should Red Sox fans be worried: Not only did their guy [Werner] lose, but there will be a Yankee fan in charge?
MANFRED: [Laughs] I've moved into a state of “permanent neutrality” is the way I'd put that.
GAZETTE: Prior to your selection, much of the media speculation concerned whether the owners would remain loyal to Commissioner Selig and vote you in as their hand-picked successor, or get behind Chicago White Sox owner Jerry Reinsdorf, long vocal about their desire for baseball to institute a salary cap and about their dissatisfaction with the league's revenue-sharing arrangement. Reinsdorf reportedly had assembled a small faction of owners backing Werner, their preferred candidate. What do you say to the claim that you're not tough enough with the MLBPA [Major League Baseball Players Association], and what ideas did you put forward during your presentation to the owners about how you would lead the game?
MANFRED: I don't want to get into a lot of the campaign back-and-forth. That part of the process is over, and I'm really focused on working with all 30 clubs. What I will say to you about labor is: I think for the vast majority of clubs, my experience in the labor-relations area, the agreements that I've negotiated for baseball during the time that I've been there, were a positive in terms of my selection.
The only thing I would say to you, because it's really a carry-over idea and it's relevant to what I'm doing today, is Commissioner Selig has had a number of us working on a project to try to increase youth participation in baseball as a long-term mechanism for growing the game. I'm actually on my way to Williamsport [Penn.] now to go to the Little League World Series. I think my ability to talk about our findings with respect to youth participation and some of the ideas that we've developed along with Commissioner Selig for encouraging youth participation was a big positive in the process.
GAZETTE: You've been at the forefront of baseball's labor and drug-testing program, but some of the biggest obstacles facing the league today are marketing-related: sagging television ratings, stagnant ballpark attendance, and a “graying” fan base. What should be done to reverse these trends?
MANFRED: I have a more optimistic view of the state of the game. I think it's important to remember that 150 million people go to watch professional baseball games worldwide each year. It is the most-watched professional sport, and when you talk about just that absolute number of people who go watch professional games, I think it is testimony to the fundamental quality of the product. Does that mean that we don't need to work really hard to remain competitive in an increasingly competitive entertainment market? No, but there are fundamentals about this game that are absolutely phenomenal. Another one is our digital business, MLB.com, is a tremendous asset for this industry as it moves forward. Not only is it widely recognized to be the best digital operation in professional sports, but it's a great vehicle for making sure that we capture younger audiences as we move forward. I really do think that the game presents a great opportunity for growth. It's really well positioned to grow going forward.
GAZETTE: So those fears are overblown? I think people compare it to the NFL and say it's not doing as well and that the trends are going in the wrong direction in terms of revenue and popularity.
MANFRED: The last time I looked, 73 million people a year didn't pay to go see NFL games in the United States. It's how you interpret numbers. There are challenges. Like most TV audiences, our audience is getting older, and I think that we have some great ideas about things that can be done with the game to help on that front. I'm not Pollyannaish about the fact that there are challenges out there. I just think the picture you paint is a little bleak.
GAZETTE: Baseball gets criticized for being a slow game, one that not only doesn't match the speed of football, basketball, and hockey, but also the speed of modern life. In light of the ratings decline, are there any plans to improve the pace of play?
MANFRED: Commissioner Selig has been focused on the issue of pace of game for a number of years. I think that moving forward, we'll continue to look at the pace of the game, how we can make it quicker, things that can be done to make sure that there's sufficient action in the game, and the absolute length of the game is obviously a third piece of it. And then, I also think that what we do both in the ballpark and in our broadcasts surrounding the core play of the game is very important in terms of keeping the product as appealing as possible. So, yes, I do think pace is an issue that we will continue to focus on.
GAZETTE: The current MLBPA collective-bargaining agreement expires at the end of the 2016 season. What issues do you expect will dominate those negotiations? How soon do you start preparing for those talks?
MANFRED: We're doing staff work already. I think that by spring we'll have appointed a labor-policy committee of owners, and the pace of that preparation will pick up. Right now, I think the issues surrounding amateur talent acquisition will be important, whether we go all the way to an international draft, whether it's a single worldwide draft or a domestic and an international draft. I think those issues will be important, and I think they'll be important because probably the most dominant trend in the game right now is that people are winning with younger players, and when people win that way they're going to be interested in talent acquisition.
GAZETTE: So where is the best young talent coming from?
MANFRED: The hottest trend in players right now is Cuba. And that really has to do more with the political situation than anything else. More and more players are leaving Cuba, and it is a source not only of talent, but of fairly polished professionals. That's a new frontier for us right now.
GAZETTE: You served as outside counsel to the league when players went on strike in 1994-1995. Since then, MLB has been the only major sport to avoid a labor disruption. What did you learn from that experience?
MANFRED: Well, look, a 232-day strike does teach you in very graphic terms about the cost of the application of economic leverage. Great damage was done to the game, both to players and clubs during that strike, and it's a lesson you don't forget easily.
GAZETTE: You've been very active in helping HLS students gain clinical experience in sports law. How did that come about, and what kinds of things do they learn about the practice?
MANFRED: I think that the young people whom we've had … benefit from the fact that, particularly our labor group, is as strong a group of legal professionals as you'll find anywhere. Fortunately or unfortunately, we have a tremendous number of difficult, cutting-edge legal issues, and I think that provides law students with a great opportunity to see an alternative to big-firm practice, to see a place that you can go, have challenging issues, and address them in an environment that's really exciting.
GAZETTE: What's the best piece of advice you've gotten from Commissioner Selig?
MANFRED: Commissioner Selig has reminded me early and often that governance of baseball is about the clubs, and that you always need to make sure that you've got great communication going with the clubs so you understand where your constituents are. And believe me, I will follow that advice as I move forward.
Ronald Caseby, 73, has been attending St Paul's in Chichester, West Sussex, for 19 years but has now been forced to stay away due to ill-health after inhaling the sweet-smelling smoke.
During services last year several other parishioners were also forced to leave the church after feeling dizzy and unwell because of the incense fumes.
Chichester District Council have inspected the church but are waiting on a Health and Safety Executive report before making a decision.
"I emailed the Reverend but was told the church council had taken advice and had been informed there was no health risk posed by the incense," said Mr Caseby.
"They are ignoring the fact that there is a lot of evidence that these particles are so deadly and dangerous and that people have complained.
"Scientific research has showed just how deadly this smoke is to humans, which is not surprising when you think about the damage that smoking cigarettes does to health.
"The thought that incense smoke gets into peoples lungs and they are breathing in particles which could make them ill now or in the future makes me so mad."
Research has revealed some incense can contain high-levels of potentially cancer-causing chemicals which can trigger dangerous heart and lung conditions.
Scientists have also found the air in some incense-burning churches to be higher in toxicity than the air along roads with high levels of traffic congestion.
Reverend Richard Hunt, of St Paul's, has responded to complaints by informing parishioners when incense will be burnt.
"Incense has been used in Christian and other worship around the world for millennia, but we are taking a very sensible approach to Mr Caseby's problem," they said.
By Damon Martin
Sergio Pettis is currently in the midst of their best run in the UFC's flyweight division with three wins in a row and a main event slot this Saturday night against rising star Brandon Moreno in Mexico City.
Despite their current run and the headline spot he's occupying this weekend at UFC Fight Night 114, Pettis couldn't ignore the recent news swirling around the 125-pound weight class when UFC President Dana White began to throw around talk he'd contemplated getting rid of the entire flyweight division.
The comments were made at the same time White was embroiled in a disagreement with flyweight king Demetrious Johnson over their next title defense. The UFC wanted Johnson to face former bantamweight champion TJ Dillashaw, while Johnson argued for the matchup they were originally offered against Ray Borg.
Ultimately, cooler heads prevailed, and Johnson will meet Borg in the headline fight at UFC 215 in September. However, Pettis can't deny that they were a little bit worried hearing their job might be on the line if White decided to dump the entire flyweight division.
"I was scared to hear that," Pettis told FloCombat from Mexico City. "Because I'm en route to become the new champion in the flyweight division. It needs a new face, and I'm ready to be that face. Obviously, that's scary to hear that the boss was ready to get rid of my division.
"I think we're a division that's growing, and we're getting more and more exciting. Even look at the competitors that are getting in the division, myself and (Brandon) Moreno's a beast, too. All of the other young guys coming up."
While it was worrisome that White even hinted at dropping the flyweight division, Pettis was always hopeful that it was a comment made in the heat of the moment during the UFC president's disagreement with the current champion.
As much as Pettis wants to be the one to take the title from Johnson, they know how good the flyweight king has been throughout their UFC career. And that's always an asset worth having on the roster.
In fact, Johnson's next fight will be their 11th straight title defense, which would set an all-time record if he's successful in their bout against Borg in September.
"I don't think they're going to get rid of the division. I mean D.J., regardless of who he's fighting next, he's an amazing athlete," Pettis said. "He's one of the best to do it. Every time they perform, it's something new and they achieve a new goal."
When they first came to the UFC, Pettis had a world of hype surrounding their debut as the younger brother of former lightweight champion Anthony Pettis. But at that time, Sergio failed to live up to expectations.
Pettis is the first to admit the mistakes they made during their earliest days in the UFC, but those tough lessons made them a better fighter. That's why he's so confident they will be the flyweight to finally bring Johnson's reign to an end.
"(Jose) Aldo had a reign for a while, and someone caught up to him," Pettis said. "(Anderson) Silva had a reign, and someone caught up to them as well. It's just a matter of time. I'm part of the new wave, the new generation, and I'm ready to catch up to the champion and become one myself.
"It's just a matter of time before somebody catches D.J., and I'm going to be the one to catch him."
To get to Johnson, Pettis has to go through Moreno this weekend, and that's their primary focus more than anything else right now.
That being said, Pettis knows with an impressive outing in the main event on Saturday night that they could be poised for a title shot against the winner of the UFC 215 main event between Johnson and Borg.
"Every fight I fight, I'm hoping to be a No. 1 contender," Pettis said. "I think my name is one of the biggest names in the flyweight division. I mean even D.J. themselves said they wanted to fight me instead of Ray Borg.
"This is just another stone for me to step on and get up closer to that title."
The Buffalo Bills are making their final selections of the 2014 draft Saturday, but the biggest news of the day was Buffalo acquiring running back Bryce Brown from the Philadelphia Eagles.
Brown's former Eagles teammate LeSean McCoy took to Twitter to congratulate Brown and take an (apparently) friendly jab at the Bills' current backfield:
@BryceBrown_34 my boy it's been fun... Good luck with everything and knowing what they got and knowing what they're getting lol starter day 1 — Lesean McCoy (@CutonDime25) May 10, 2014
No disrespect to @BryceBrown_34 but @CutonDime25 starter day 1 huh? I think @CJSPILLER and I might wanna bet something on that! #BillsMafia — Fred Jackson (@Fred22Jackson) May 10, 2014
Brown doesn't project as a starter in Buffalo, where the Bills already have C.J. Spiller and Fred Jackson under contract. All in good fun, Jackson responded to McCoy's tweet later Saturday afternoon:
BlackBerry Ltd.'s new interim chief executive and executive chair is worth a lot to the struggling smartphone manufacturer – enough to warrant up to US$3-million in yearly salary, and a signing bonus based on Thursday's share price worth US$85-million in stock.
John Chen officially joined the company on Nov. 4 as part of a larger deal with Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd that would make BlackBerry the recipient of a US$1-billion cash injection, abandoning a previous bid that would have taken the company private for US$4.7-billion, or US$9 per share.
Instead, Fairfax is working with other investors to purchase convertible debentures, and in the process, announced former CEO Thorsten Heins would be stepping down.
BlackBerry's shares were down 2.33%, or US$0.15, to US$6.51 at the close in New York.
The latest details on the Waterloo, Ont.-based company's transition were found in a filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission made public on Thursday, where it was also revealed that Fairfax has found partners for its funding deal.
Mackenzie Financial Corp., Canso Investment Counsel Ltd., Markel Corp., Brookfield Asset Management Inc., and Qatar Holding LLC. are the other purchasers so far onboard.
Mr. Chen, who most recently served as a senior advisor at technology-focused private equity firm Silver Lake Partners, is widely regarded for taking struggling enterprise technology company Sybase Inc., turning its fortunes around, and then selling it to SAP AG for nearly US$6-billion in 2010.
As BlackBerry's executive chair, Mr. Chen will have control over the strategic direction, strategic relationships, and organization goals of BlackBerry. They will also have authority over hiring, retention, duties, and responsibilities of all officers, executives and other employees. The role comes with a base salary of US$1-million, and a US$2-million performance bonus.
If Mr. Chen were to be terminated, they would be entitled to US$6-million in severance with benefits for an additional 18 months.
As part of the new deal announced on Monday morning, BlackBerry also said that its chief executive Thorsten Heins would be stepping down from the embattled Waterloo, Ont.-based company after just 22 months at the helm.
Under Mr. Heins' own severance package, it is believed they may be set to receive US$22-million in salary, incentive payments and equity awards.
But more importantly, Mr. Chen will also be granted 13 million restricted shares that vest over five years – 25% each on their third and fourth anniversary, with the remainder accessible after five years – a sign that BlackBerry's board is serious about tying Mr. Chen's performance at the company, and the company itself, to the value of their reward.
Those shares are worth a total of US$85-million based on Thursday's closing stock price.
Fairfax's new investment and the executive shakeup bring to a close nearly three months of speculation and rumours surrounding the future of the once dominant smartphone maker following Mr. Heins' announcement in August that the company would be examining its “strategic alternatives,” effectively putting the company up for sale.
BlackBerry abandoned plans on Monday to sell itself, sparking a 16% drop in its share price. The struggling company said it would raise US$1-billion by issuing convertible notes to a small group of long-term investors, including Fairfax, which is run by investment guru Prem Watsa.
The investment amounts from Mr. Watsa's partners vary. Canso Investment Counsel, for example, is actually purchasing more debentures than Fairfax, for a total of US$300 million. Brookfield Asset Management, on the other hand, is purchasing just US$50 million.
There is still the option for another US$250 million in debetures to be purchased – in addition to the initial US$1 billion amount – which could bring the total investment amount up to US$1.25 billion. However, no further investment plans have yet been announced.
Preliminary analysis of a European-wide survey has found young people are more in favour of introducing a universal income than their older peers. Support for such a scheme also varies considerably across Europe, with Russians the most supportive and many Scandinavians the least.
The main idea behind a universal basic income is that everyone receives a regular payment from the state regardless of any other sources of income. So it is paid to someone without a job and a millionaire at exactly the same rate and frequency. It might be just enough to cover basic needs such as food and rent or alternatively a more generous amount.
Some proposed schemes replace other monetary benefits, although one of the potential advantages of many schemes is that they avoid means testing, which makes them easier and cheaper to deliver. Limited pilots have been underway in the Netherlands and Finland but so far there is little empirical evidence of how these have worked. Switzerland held a referendum on introducing such a scheme but comprehensively rejected it.
The hypothetical scheme described to respondents in the most recent European Social Survey included a monthly income to cover essential living costs that replaced many other social benefits. They were told the purpose is to guarantee everyone a minimum standard of living, that everyone receives the same amount regardless of whether or not they are working and that people also keep the money they earn from work or other sources. The scheme itself is paid for by taxes.
The strongest support for a universal basic income was found in Russia and Israel. The weakest support came from respondents in Sweden, Switzerland and Norway. In the UK and the Netherlands, support was split almost 50/50. More than half of respondents in Slovenia, Belgium, Poland, Ireland and the Czech Republic support universal basic income. Levels of support for were below 50% in France, Estonia, Austria, Iceland and Germany.
In Finland, more than 50% of respondents said they favoured the idea, perhaps suggesting that high-profile discussions there about the pilot scheme had led to more positive attitudes.
European Social Survey
We also analysed the countries using a scheme based on the welfare state regimes described by Danish sociologist Gøsta Esping-Anderson in their work The Three Worlds of Welfare Capitalism. In figures 2 and 3, the term “Christian Democratic” is used to describe Austria, Belgium, France and Germany, while “Eastern Europe” includes the Czech Republic, Estonia, Poland, Russian Federation and Slovenia. Finland, Iceland, The Netherlands, Norway and Sweden fall under the banner “Social Democratic” countries.
Perhaps the most striking difference is that it is always the youngest who are most in favour of the universal basic income scheme and generally the oldest who are least likely to be in favour. This pattern is certainly the case when it comes to the UK: 61.3% of those aged 15-34 support universal basic income compared with 43.2% of those aged over 65. Note however that in Christian Democratic and Eastern European countries, the over-65s have relatively high levels of support compared with those of similar ages in other country groupings.
European Social Survey , Author provided
In the European Social Survey, we also ask respondents to place themselves on the left-right political scale, where 0 is the far left and 10 is the far right. Those on the right scale tend to be less in favour of universal basic income but support levels even here are perhaps higher than might be expected. Support for basic income actually appears to defy conventional political labels – it is neither right nor left, but something new.
European Social Survey , Author provided
Across all countries we found that, as expected, unemployed people and those in education tend to lend more support to the scheme – as do those on lower incomes. A respondent's religion, gender and years of education don't appear to have any particular effect on levels of support for a basic income. In the UK, the disabled and long-term sick had lower levels of support for UBI, perhaps reflecting concerns about losing existing benefits.
There have been advocates for a basic income scheme since the 1800s – these latest trials and increased interest in UBI suggest the debate is likely to continue for many years to come.
Protesters in El Paso held a candlelight vigil in June 2010 following the cross-border killing of a Mexican teenager by a U.S. Border Patrol agent. (Photo11: Vanessa Monsisvais, AP)
WASHINGTON — As if U.S.-Mexico relations could get no worse, the Supreme Court enters the fray Tuesday with a case that may set them back further.
Either the justices will decide, as two lower federal courts before them, that 15-year-old Sergio Adrián Hernández Güereca was killed by a U.S. Border Patrol agent without any possible legal recourse for their distraught parents — or that Jesus Mesa, the agent, can be sued for damages for violating the boy's constitutional rights.
The oral argument will focus specifically on an area near to one of President Trump's top priorities — the border where their promised wall would rise. But in this case, the dry bed of the Rio Grande and a barbed-wire fence provide the backdrop for a heartbreaking saga that has dragged on nearly seven years — all because the shooter and the victim were on opposite sides of the border.
It was a typical summer day in 2010 when Hernández died. Their lawyers say they were playing with three friends in the 33 foot-wide concrete culvert separating El Paso and Ciudad Juárez, Mexico. Mesa's lawyers say they responded to a group of suspected illegal aliens throwing rocks at Border Patrol agents. Cellphone videos appeared to show that Hernández was hiding beneath a train trestle when they were shot in the head.
Those facts matter little to the Supreme Court. Its task is to determine whether the boy's parents have any right to bring Mesa into a courtroom at all — or whether, in the words of Hernández's lawyers, the boy was in "a legal no-man's land in which federal agents can kill innocent civilians with impunity."
Lower courts have said it's the latter. Because Hernández was a Mexican citizen in Mexico, they ruled that they lacked constitutional protection against unreasonable use of deadly force under the 4th Amendment, as well as due process rights under the 5th Amendment. And while a Mexican court could have tried Mesa there, the U.S. government refused extradition.
What's more, the courts ruled that even if the boy was constitutionally protected, Mesa was entitled to qualified immunity because they were unaware their actions might violate Hernández's rights.
“If this had happened a few feet away and this 15-year-old had been on this side of the border, they would have a constitutional tort suit, no questions asked,” says Andrew Kent, a professor at Fordham University School of Law.
Mexican citizens and legislators protesting against President Trump's proposed border wall at the El Paso-Ciudad Juarez border on Friday. (Photo11: ALEJANDRO BRINGAS, EPA)
The Catch-22 set of circumstances isn't unusual along the border. A 2013 investigation by the Arizona Republic found that Border Patrol agents and Customs and Border Protection officers killed at least 42 people — including at least 13 Americans — in an eight-year period. At the time, none of the agents or officers responsible were publicly known to have faced consequences.
While the government has steadfastly stood behind Mesa throughout the court proceedings, some former officials have taken the family's side. James Tomsheck, former assistant commissioner of Customs and Border Protection's Office of Internal Affairs, said in court papers that an increasingly militarized Border Patrol and inadequate field training "have led to an environment in which Border Patrol agents have unnecessarily employed lethal force on the U.S.-Mexico border."
The Mexican government noted in court papers that many of its residents "spend much of their day within shooting distance" of Border Patrol agents. If the situation were reversed, it said, the United States would expect Mexican agents to be held responsible. “There is no bright line at the border beyond which all constitutional rights cease,” it argued.
To back up its claim, the Mexican government cited a 2008 Supreme Court case which granted detainees at Guantánamo Bay, Cuba, the right to sue federal agents. But the Justice Department argued in response that the detention facility was under U.S. control, while Hernández was inside Mexico.
With an eye toward the troubled relationship between the neighboring countries, the Trump administration — taking over the case from the Obama administration — asserts "the need for caution before inserting the courts into such sensitive matters of international diplomacy." If Mesa is liable for a death on foreign soil, it says, non-citizens around the world could assert constitutional rights.
Lawyers for the boy's family say a ruling in their favor would have a positive effect. "Foreign relations with Mexico would be improved, not hurt, by extraterritorial application," they wrote. But "if this court were to side with the government, it would effectively turn the border into an on/off switch for fundamental constitutional protection."
Read more:
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lwg6Ur
Both countries are NATO allies, united against Assad, wanting them toppled, actively complicit in supporting and using ISIS, as well as other terrorist groups as proxy foot soldiers in the war Obama launched in March 2011.
It's inconceivable Turkey acted on its own, independent of US-dominated NATO. Its action is a major geopolitical incident – a premeditated act of war against Russia in Syrian airspace.
Ankara claiming the aircraft entered Turkish airspace, ignoring multiple warnings, has the distinct aroma of a bald-faced lied to cover up a hostile act.
Erdoğan's recklessness ruptured Turkish/Russian relations, at least for the time being. Sergey Lavrov cancelled their scheduled Wednesday trip to Istanbul, saying “(a) decision has been made to cancel the meeting at the level of Russian and Turkish foreign ministers…”
They urged Russian citizens avoid visiting Turkey, leaving themselves vulnerable to terrorism, adding:
“It's necessary to emphasize that the terror threats with their roots in Turkey have been aggravated. And that's true even if we don't take into account what happened today. We estimate the threats to be no less than in Egypt.”
Russia's state tourism agency Rostourism recommended suspending tour package sales to Turkey. Moscow-based Natalie tours already did so.
Putin minced no words blasting Erdoğan, saying “(t)his incident stands out against the usual fight against terrorism.”
“Our troops are fighting heroically against terrorists, risking their lives. But the loss we suffered today came from a stab in the back delivered by accomplices of the terrorists.” They warned of grave consequence for Russian/Turkish relations.
A Turkish Lockheed-Martin produced F-16 warplane willfully and without provocation downed Russia's aircraft posing no threat to Ankara's national security, Putin explained.
He's well aware of Erdoğan's complicity with terrorists Russia is combating in Syria – at the request of its government, its actions entirely legal and heroic against a common scourge.
“IS has big money, hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars, from selling (stolen Syrian) oil. In addition they are protected by the military of an entire nation,” Putin stressed – leaving no doubt they mean Turkey, well aware of Washington using ISIS and other takfiri terrorists as proxy foot soldiers against Assad's legitimate government.
“One can understand why they are acting so boldly and blatantly,” said Putin. “Why they kill people in such atrocious ways. Why they commit terrorist acts across the world, including in the heart of Europe.”
Recalling Russia's ambassador may come next. Expect Putin to react appropriately to what happened. It's too serious to ignore or smooth over through normal diplomatic channels between both nations.
Putin explained Ankara didn't contact Russia after what happened, instead outrageously called an emergency late afternoon Tuesday NATO meeting – apparently wanting the Alliance to serve the interests of ISIS, they added. Its actions won't be tolerated, they stressed.
Washington backed Turkey's absurd claim about issuing “10 warnings” before downing Russia's aircraft. Was it directly complicit with what happened?
It bears repeating. It's inconceivable Turkey acted alone without permission or direct complicity with NATO's highest authority. America provides 75% of its budget. It calls the shots – deciding whether, when, where and how to act or react.
Erdoğan's action was reckless. Obama is playing with fire if their involvement with what happened is determined. Putin won't let it pass without appropriate actions in response, already begun.
An official protest was lodged with Turkey military attache. A Russian Defense Ministry statement said “(w)e are considering actions of the Turkish air forces as an unfriendly act.”
Moscow's anti-terrorist campaign in Syria will continue as planned, maybe intensified further after what happened – Turkey now clearly and openly an adversary in the war on terrorism, risking direct confrontation with Russia.
Stephen Lendman lives in Chicago. They can be reached at [email protected]
Their new book as editor and contributor is titled “Flashpoint in Ukraine: US Drive for Hegemony Risks WW III.”
http://www.claritypress.com/LendmanIII.html
Visit their blog site at sjlendman.blogspot.com.
Listen to cutting-edge discussions with distinguished guests on the Progressive Radio News Hour on the Progressive Radio Network.
It airs three times weekly: live on Sundays at 1PM Central time plus two prerecorded archived programs.
The girlfriend of British lecturer Hilary Bower (above) has been arrested with two men over their murder in southern China with local media reporting they had been dismembered
The girlfriend of a British lecturer has been arrested with two men over their murder with local media reporting they had been dismembered.
Hilary St John Bower, 60, who taught at a university in Hong Kong, was murdered over an 'emotional dispute', mainland Chinese police said.
A 38-year-old woman surnamed Xu and two men 'murdered their foreigner boyfriend Hilary Bower over an emotional dispute' the Shenzhen public security bureau said on its social media account.
It said Bower and Xu had lived together for 17 years.
The three were arrested on April 8 and the case was still under investigation, it added.
Hong Kong local media, citing unnamed public security sources, reported Xu had turned themselves in to police in the Chinese city of Dongguan, where they had told officers they had murdered and then dismembered Bower with the help of two men.
Media reports painted a complex picture of their love life involving several women.
The English language lecturer at Hong Kong's Polytechnic University had been missing for more than three weeks after they were last seen on March 21 at a border point between Hong Kong and the neighbouring southern Chinese city of Shenzhen, where they are reported to have lived.
Police in Shenzhen confirmed on Friday that they had been murdered on March 22, a day after they went missing.
The Dongguan public security bureau could not confirm the details.
Local media said Bower had a number of girlfriends on the mainland.
One girlfriend, named by media as Shi Xiumei, had reported Bower missing at a police station in Hong Kong on March 30.
Bower had been reported to be living with Shi and their six-year-old son.
Fears were previously raised that their death could have been linked to a million-dollar property deal.
A friend of Bower, Richard Charles, told the South China Morning Post they believed it could be related to a recent property sale for which Bower was due to receive HK$9 million ($1.2 million).
Bower's brother Robin arrived in Shenzhen on Wednesday where they hoped to meet with Chinese authorities to search for answers, the Post said.
Bower had also taught in China, South Korea, Thailand, Spain and Kuwait, according to their personal homepage on the university website.
Richard Charles, a colleague of Mr Bower, described police on both sides of the border as 'shoddy and shambolic' in their handling of the case so far, the South China Morning Post reported.
'I find it unbelievable that Hilary's friends and colleagues have had to find out from the media about this. We are in shock and are extremely upset,' they said.
Mr Charles suggested the death could have been over a 'complicated' deal, which was reportedly over a property in an industrial district in Shenzhen.
They said: 'I do know that after buying at the bottom of the property market a good few years ago, they were expecting to be paid somewhere in the region of £821,000.'
Mr Bower, who was originally from Hitchin, Hertfordshire, had been employed at the Polytechnic University since 1996. They were due to finish work at the institution when they went missing more than three weeks ago.
Mr Charles told The Telegraph Mr Bower had been 'very, very happy to be retiring' and added: 'He was really looking forward to being able to spend more time with their son.'
The 60-year-old, who recently closed a £820,000 property deal, was travelling from Hong Kong to visit their girlfriend and six-year-old son Matthew at the end of March when they disappeared
Media reports painted have a complex picture of their love life involving several women. Above, the Hong Kong Polytechnic University, where Mr Bower worked
Following their disappearance, Mr Bower's brother, Robin, who is based in the UK, alerted the police in Britain, according to The Telegraph.
A UK Foreign and Commonwealth Office spokesperson said at the time: 'We are providing assistance to the family of a British national reported missing in southern China and are urgently seeking further information from local authorities.'
'Police have received notification from mainland relevant authorities that they were killed on the night of March 22,' a Hong Kong police statement said.
Murders of foreigners are extremely rare in China, though the murder in 2011 of another British man, Neil Heywood, triggered one of the country's biggest political scandals in decades.
Boehner asked when the president would “take a step towards us.” Boehner won't rule out 37% tax rate
Congressional leaders in both parties Friday signaled they would be open to compromise on top-bracket tax rates, in what could be a potential middle ground on the fiscal cliff.
Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) was asked about a top rate of 37 percent — roughly halfway between current rates of 35 percent and 39.6 percent, where rates return to at the end of December — and declined to rule it out.
Story Continued Below
“There are a lot of things that are possible to put the revenue the president seeks on the table,” Boehner said in a Friday news conference. “But none of it's going to be possible if the president insists on their position. Insists on my way or the highway. That's not the way to get to an agreement that I think is important for the American people and very important for our country.”
Shortly after, House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi (D-Calif.) said their goal is to “protect the middle class.”
“It's not about the rates,” Pelosi said in the Capitol. “It's about the money….It's about getting the money to reduce the deficit, to grow the economy and to unleash that power.”
On Friday, Pelosi headed to the White House for a one-on-one meeting with President Barack Obama.
They added that they didn't know if a top rate of 37 percent would bring in sufficient revenue. The White House has said 39.6 percent is its preference but has not ruled out 37 percent.
There are still lots of questions about a middle ground of 37 percent. It would be difficult for Boehner to raise marginal income rates unless Obama offered up major concessions on entitlement spending, since Boehner has expressed full-throated opposition to tax increases
And discussions are not even close. Boehner, at their Capitol news conference, said there is “no progress to report” in ongoing talks with the White House to avert massive tax hikes and deep federal spending reductions set to begin in a matter of weeks.
All income tax rates jump to 1990s-era levels on Dec. 31, and deep spending cuts to domestic and defense spending take hold at the beginning of the year. But Boehner (R-Ohio) and President Barack Obama remain nowhere close to an agreement. Both sides have rejected each other's offers.
The White House believes it has the leverage, because it is willing to plunge off the so-called fiscal cliff if House Republicans don't agree to hike tax rates. Boehner called that “reckless talk.”
“Even if the president got the tax rate hike that they wanted, understand that we would continue to see trillion-dollar deficits for as far as the eye can see,” Boehner said, speaking outside of their office with an open shirt and no tie. “If the president doesn't agree with our proposal I believe that he's got an obligation to families and small businesses to offer a plan of their own, a plan that could pass both chambers of the Congress.
“We're ready and eager to talk to the president about such a plan.”
Boehner and Obama spoke Wednesday, and a top administration official visited House Republicans Thursday to say the president isn't budging. Boehner, facing reporters, asked when the president would “take a step towards us.”
“The phone call was pleasant, but it was just more of the same, as the conversations that the staff had yesterday, just more of the same,” Boehner said. “It's time for the president to be serious, come back to us with a counteroffer.”
“The proper drinking of Scotch whisky is more than indulgence: it is a toast to civilization, a tribute to the continuity of culture, a manifesto of man's determination to use the resources of nature to refresh mind and body and enjoy to the full the senses with which they have been endowed.” -David Daiches
No other spirit has been associated with manhood like Scotch whisky. Whether it's the hooking punch in the mouth or just the raw and earthy process by which it is brought forth from barley and water, Scotch has held a prominent place in the lives of men from kings to authors to titans of industry. What separates Scotch from its alcoholic counterparts is not just its unique background (to be labeled Scotch, a whisky must be distilled and initially matured in Scotland), but the commonalities shared by the men who partake in its liquid mysteries.
The man who drinks Scotch is one who lives life to the hilt, savoring new challenges and discoveries on a daily basis. They don't settle and they don't drink something just because it's there. Few men drink Scotch to get drunk. First off, it's too expensive; the cheapest bottles of single malt cost around $40. But secondly, and much more importantly, each bottle of Scotch contains so much history, tradition, and attention to detail that the men who drink it are not just downing a beverage, but participating in a celebration of artisanship and the deep pleasures of life.
Becoming a Scotch drinker takes a little work and a bit of tongue maturity. The young man that saddles up for their first bout with the historic elixir is often taken back by its overt potency. But upon returning a second and third time, they slowly begin to get a sense of what makes Scotch so alluring and enjoyable. In developing a taste for Scotch, a man is embarking on a lifelong journey that will take them along the clear waters of the River Spey, the rugged Highlands, the Isle of Jura (which George Orwell described as “an extremely unget-at-able place”), and various other parts of Scotland where distillers like to say, “It's as good as life used to be.”
Therefore, to truly appreciate a good Scotch, a man must have an understanding of its rich history and the process that transforms ordinary barley into an extraordinary drink.
With this idea in mind the Art of Manliness ventures into the world of scotch, not because we believe you must drink alcohol in order to be a man, but because if you choose to do so, it should be in the tradition of gentlemen, with a clear conscious and a full heart.
History
Originally known as “aqua vitae” or “water of life” for it's healing properties, the first recorded reference to the substance is found in the Scottish Exchequer Rolls of 1494. The following, “Eight bolls of malt to Friar John Cor wherewith to make aqua vitae,” was the equivalent of several hundred bottles of whisky in today's standards. This distilled beverage was used as a treatment for all kinds of ailments, with many of its users noticing the warm, calming sensation upon “treatment.”
Scotland's King James IV was recorded as purchasing whisky from the local barber upon a visit to Dundee in 1506. That they purchased it from the barber would not have raised any eyebrows in that time period. “In 1505, the Guild of Surgeon Barbers in Edinburgh was granted a monopoly over the manufacture of aqua vitae – a fact that reflects the spirits perceived medicinal properties as well as the medicinal talents of the barbers.”
Royalty and the clergy were not the only ones to enjoy whisky, however. The farming community discovered new benefits of the distillation process near the end of the 16th century. Both barley and oats were staple crops of Scottish agriculture, but due to their cold, wet climate, the long-term storage of grain was nearly impossible.
“Maximizing the crop returns from this harsh Scottish soil and climate meant that some of the crop that could not be used immediately was turned into ale. Ale could be kept for longer than dry grain but not indefinitely so the farmers soon learned that turning the ale into alcohol was an even better solution.” –Loch Lomond Distillers
The growth of Scotch whisky distillation continued for the next several centuries, surviving taxes, cumbersome government regulation, and smuggling to become a commercial industry in the 1700s. In 1831, the Coffey (or Patent) still was produced, increasing whisky's smoothness and drinkablity. This, in combination with the destruction of France's wine and cognac industry at the hand (or claw) of the Phylloxera bug in 1880, helped ensure worldwide growth of the scotch industry.
Since that time, a lot has changed and a lot has stayed the same. Just as in any field, new techniques and practices have created a greater variety of products, but at the end of the day, distillers are still in the business of turning barley and water into a tasty concoction.
How Scotch Whisky is Made
The production process of scotch whisky is surprisingly simple. It involves malting, mashing, fermentation, distillation, and maturation.
1) Malting — the process of turning barley into malt, very similar to the early stages of making beer. Barley is soaked or “steeped” in water, drained, then spread out on the malting floor to germinate. During the germination process (generally 6 or 7 days), enzymes are released, which convert the starches into maltose, a sugar. At this point, the malted barley is dried using the smoke from an underground furnace called a “kiln.” The fire for the furnace is often stoked with peat which is why you'll hear scotch drinkers refer to a “smoky peat” flavor in many whiskies.
2) Mashing — the dried malt is then ground into a course flour with the consistency of oatmeal, called “grist.” The grist is then mixed with hot water and pumped into a vessel called a “mash tun.” In the mash tun, the water and ground malt is thoroughly mixed and allowed to steep so that the sugars in the malt are released into liquid. This sugary liquid is called “wort.”
3) Fermentation — the wort is then drawn off and pumped into large wooden or steel vessels called “washbacks.” Once there, it is combined with yeast and allowed to ferment. The length of fermentation can be different depending on the environment, but it generally takes about two days. “The living yeast feeds on the sugars, producing alcohol and small quantities of other compounds known as congeners, which contribute to the flavor of the whisky,” according to scotlandwhisky.com. The resulting liquid is anywhere from 5-8% alcohol by volume and is called “wash.”
4) Distillation — the wash is distilled twice (single malt in a pot still, grain whisky in a Coffey still). The first still is the wash still and is used to separate the water from the alcohol by boiling the wash, collecting the evaporated alcohol which condenses at the top and collecting it in a condenser. The resulting liquid is called “low wine” and is approximately 20% alcohol by volume.
The low wine is then sent through the second still, also called the “spirit still.” This process is slower and the climate must be very closely monitored. “The stillman discards the first part of the distillate, called ‘foreshots' and the last part known as ‘feints,' because these contain unpleasant higher alcohols. The center part of the distillation is preserved and this is the whisky we drink. This spirit is colorless and gets its color during maturing in oak barrels,” says expert Michael Moss.
5) Maturation — the unfinished Scotch is then placed in oak barrels, or casks, for the maturation process to begin. Throughout the maturation the whisky becomes much smoother, increases in flavor and begins to retain the golden color of the barrels inside which it rests. Traditionally second-hand sherry barrels were used to age whisky, but today bourbon barrels are also common. Some producers experiment with other varieties including port, beer, cognac, and even wine. Each barrel passes on a distinct flavor to its contents.
In order to be considered “Scotch” is must be aged in Scotland for at least three years. Though each whisky reaches its maturation at different ages, most are now aged anywhere from 8-20 years. Many feel that the longer a scotch is aged the smoother and more flavorful it becomes — old whiskies are also more rare and cost a quite a bit more. For example, a quick internet search brings up a bottle of 25-Year Highland Park Single Malt Scotch for $239.
Geography — The Scotch Regions and Their Distilleries
Just as in the wine world, where names like Napa Valley, Burgundy, or Rioja tell someone not just where a wine is made, but what to expect as far as variety and flavor, Scotch whisky has its own geographic intricacies.
“With the renewed appreciation of the variabilty of single malt brands there is new appreciation of the geographic guidestars that explain (in surprisingly intuitive ways) why a single malt like Talisker has a sharp saltiness in the flavor, why Speyside whiskies like Glenfiddich have a light, sweet characteristic, why a Campbeltown whisky like Springbank is different from a whisky of the peninsula to the north on the serrated coast, and why an open bottle of Islay whisky smells like your carpeting is on fire.” -Chris Cloud
Lowland — the whisky of this region is generally considered to be more mild, mellow, and delicate. The three distilleries in operation include: Glenkinchie, Bladnoch, and Auchentoshan.
— the whisky of this region is generally considered to be more mild, mellow, and delicate. The three distilleries in operation include: Glenkinchie, Bladnoch, and Auchentoshan. Highland — the largest geographic region for Scotch includes well-known distilleries such as: Dalmore, Glenmorangie, Oban, Talisker, and Dalwhinnie.
— the largest geographic region for Scotch includes well-known distilleries such as: Dalmore, Glenmorangie, Oban, Talisker, and Dalwhinnie. Islay — known for heavier, more smoky Scotch varieties, it has eight distilleries, each with their own unique character including: Ardbeg, Bowmore, and Laphroaig to name a few.
— known for heavier, more smoky Scotch varieties, it has eight distilleries, each with their own unique character including: Ardbeg, Bowmore, and Laphroaig to name a few. Speyside — adjacent to the River Spey, the area with the largest number of distilleries to include: Glenfiddich, Aberlour, The Glenlivet, and The Macallan.
— adjacent to the River Spey, the area with the largest number of distilleries to include: Glenfiddich, Aberlour, The Glenlivet, and The Macallan. Campbeltown — the smallest of the whisky producing regions, once home to several distilleries, but now only home to three: Glengyle, Glen Scotia, and Springbank
For a nice map displaying all the various distilleries throughout Scotland see http://www.scotlandwhisky.com/distilleries/
Drinking Scotch Whisky
So, enough about all of the details on the where and the how — they don't mean a whole lot unless you get to enjoy the final product. The drinking of Scotch whisky should be enjoyable, not intimidating. Everyone has their own opinions on how to drink Scotch, but the following are some general guidelines on the proper way to enjoy this storied spirit.
Glass — While there's nothing wrong with using a standard tumbler, many scotch experts recommend using a tulip-shaped glass which allows the whisky to be swirled without spilling and, more importantly, concentrates the aromas at the neck of the glass. As I've discovered during my own searches, these glasses are sometimes a bit difficult to find. The following are some great options for those not wanting to waste time searching high and low: Here, here, and here.
Water — Some Scotch novices may sneer at the introduction of a small splash of water as not “manning up,” but they would be both stupid and mistaken. While water is not a must, many Scotchmen will throw a little water in with their scotch to help enhance their ability to taste the individual flavors that can often be masked by the well-known “burn.”
Ice — Many like to add ice, but it is generally considered poor form, simply because it lowers the temperature of the whisky, which in turn can hide or dull the flavors and aroma. If you really want ice, no problem, but definitely try it without sometime — you may be pleasantly surprised.
Your First Bottle of Scotch
For many of us young men, buying our first bottle of Scotch can be a tough decision. The price is a bit higher than other spirits so we worry about choosing poorly. I have no doubt that there are as many opinions regarding a good “starter Scotch” as there are bottles of whisky (please leave your suggestions below), but for those wanting a recommendation, I would point them to my first, a bottle of Glenmorangie 10yr. And apparently the experts concur.
While Glenfiddich and The Glenlivet tend to be the most widely enjoyed, Glenmorangie is said to be the most popular among the Scottish themselves. Established in 1843, the Sixteen Men of Tain perfected this single malt Scotch whisky using their own Tarlogie Springs mineral water. Matured in bourbon oak casks, Glenmorangie is a light, sweet Scotch. Though I am still learning to “taste” Scotch, new flavors seem to come out each time, including — honey, almond, and some various citrusy flavors.
In the end it doesn't matter so much which bottle you decide to buy, the key is trying all kinds of Scotch and expanding your palate. Each new bottle should give you its own unique education. Don't worry if your first try with Scotch isn't love at first taste. As mentioned above, it's a taste that must be developed. In my own experience, each subsequent tasting made the whole affair much more enjoyable.
Finally, many men get confused on the issue of whether it should be rendered “whisky” or “whiskey.” Here's a clever poem from the Bard of Banff, Stanley Bruce, to help you remember how to spell the word and what to look for when shopping for an authentic bottle of Scotch.
Whisky or Whiskey
A Scotsman who spells
Whisky with a n ‘e',
should be handcuffed
and thrown head first in the Dee,
In the USA and Ireland,
it's spelt with an ‘e'
but in Scotland
it's real ‘Whisky'.
So if you see Whisky
and it has an ‘e',
only take it,
if you get it for free!
For the name is not the same
and it never will be,
a dram is only a real dram,
from a bottle of ‘Scotch Whisky'.
So what did I miss? Which bottle is your favorite? When it comes to Scotch there are millions of opinions so let's hear yours!
( 5 out of 5) Almost perfect for me, recommend BUY if available
by B from North Central, FL on June 20, 2016
You see that G21 on the bottom right with the stippling That's the one I got. So if you're reading this, the good news is you will not be getting that one. I am still giving Sportsmans an overall 5, because the folks seemed nice and gun operated as flawlessly as a Glock should. It is a Trade gun, so it is indeed a grab bag. Mine had different S/Ns between upper and lower, but barrel and slide matched. Frame was undateable, but from some research and inductive reasoning, the barrel/slide S/N EXG are probably from around 2002. Rifling in bore looked good, but a lot of debris in the receiver, and the trigger has a nice mushy feel from being well worn. Suffice to say, the LEOs who were issued this gun seemed to enjoy shooting it as much I have. It is FUN to shoot, and proved accurate at 10 yards with local reman ammo. Nonetheless, being a finicky shooter and collector, I am going to replace the lower receiver at personal cost. With that said, if these become available, I recommend BUY.
What NFL personnel people told the Journal Sentinel's Bob McGinn about the Green Bay Packers' picks before the draft:
KENNY CLARK, DT, UCLA
AFC scout: "Strong at the point of attack. Stout. I see them as a two-down player. I don't see them as a third-down player. He's a bull rusher. Most of the guys that play nose tackle are bull rushers."
AFC scout: "He's innately tough, strong and mature. Second round. I don't like them in the first. 100% he'll be there at 27. That's a solid player. He's probably the best run stopper."
AFC scout: "He goes 11 to 20. He's a strong, physical guy. He's got power-rush ability. Only thing I didn't like was their stance. Sometimes they go in a frog stance with their weight in the butt and so their first move has to be up. He's a natural nose tackle. He's (lighter) but he's strong. Excellent power to control the point of attack. They can play a 3-technique, too. They played H-back against Virginia and caught a touchdown pass."
NFC scout: "I really like them a lot."
NFC scout: "You could take them in the first."
AFC scout: "Space eater. They can also be a 3-technique. He's just very stout. I think the wrestling background helps when it comes to their leverage. Not very long. He's about leverage. Being able to lower your body weight and fight against block pressure as you feel it coming against you. They can do that from a technique standpoint. They know how to play in there and hold up."
NFC scout: "He gives you some versatility. They can two-gap. If you want to move them over in nickel they can come off the ball. They can use a four-point (stance) and he'll two-gap the center. They keep their balance and doesn't get rolled up real easy. But you can move them over a man and they drop that back leg and they have some quickness. I don't know that he's a star but he's a good player."
NFC scout: "Good player. He's probably the best blend of athletic ability and strength."
AFC scout: "His No. 1 thing is strength and explosiveness at the point of attack. I think they can rush the passer.  They are an outstanding defensive tackle. He's got awareness and balance. They can handle the doubles and invert the nose. Does it all the time. Really a good football player."
AFC scout: "Very similar to (Andrew) Billings."
AFC scout: "I'd take (Vernon) Butler over Clark. Clark is OK. I'm not real enthused about him. He'll be a pocket pusher. Second rounder. Butler has upside and can play all three positions."
JASON SPRIGGS, T, INDIANA
NFC scout: "Tested more athletic than they are. Solid second-round pick. Try them at left tackle but he's probably a right tackle."
AFC scout: "He's the most athletic (tackle). He's not a grinder. He's not a knock you in the dirt guy, but if you're a left tackle you can play that way. You wish they were a snot bubble guy and all that stuff. He's athletic. They can move. They can play. If you can determine he's aggressive enough then you've got a left tackle."
AFC scout: "I didn't really care for him. High pad level. He's a pusher. Their feet are OK. He's soft with their hands. Inconsistent finish. Not powerful. Finesse blocker. Then they ran those times and everyone gets excited."
AFC scout: "He needs some strength but has a lot of good tools to work with."
AFC scout: "I think he's a second-rounder. I don't think they have a very good chance of getting in the first. I hope they do and I hope we play him. He's not that good. He's athletic. Some team may move them to guard. Maybe they sit a year and works their way into the lineup and plays."
AFC scout: "Converted tight end. Doesn't have a lot of power. Works out like Tarzan. Will get better. If you watch them work out you love the guy. But he's a thin-framed guy so they fall off a lot of blocks. More of a zone guy in terms of lateral quickness. I wish the tape matched their body. Spriggs would be an option for Green Bay. Maybe it'd be a situation where they'd trade down (from No. 27) five picks. He'll be the last tackle. It might be a little overdrafting them but they have tremendous upside. Great athlete."
NFC scout: "He's a big-time athlete but there are some questions about their love and dedication to football. Also play strength. He's more gifted than the other Big Ten (tackles)."
AFC scout: "He is more of a left tackle. He's more athletic and can really move. They don't play real strong. Plays narrow. It's more of a strength issue."
NFC scout: "Second or third round."
AFC scout: "He'll get overdrafted because he's a workout guy. I just do not like Spriggs. I've had my fill of Spriggs. I've watched them too much. I never see them finish blocks. Never see them climb somebody and knock them down. I could see them going second round but there's no way I'd draft them there."
NFC scout: "He's like a third-round pick to me but he'll go a lot earlier. He's not that tough or strong.  They are an excellent athlete. They play good in shorts."
NFC scout: "He may go late first or top of two. Athletic kid. Had a good Senior Bowl. He's got size, length and does have left tackle-type feet."
KYLER FACKRELL, OLB, UTAH STATE
AFC scout: "He's like Scott Fujita. He's smart and understands. Good football player."
NFC scout: "We love him. He's on the rise."
NFC scout: "I think they can rush the passer. He's athletic, can run."
AFC scout: "He had a chance as a pass rusher. Two years ago, before they got hurt (ACL), I said, 'Wow, this guy is really talented.' Now they can't play in space. He's more of a rusher than a dropper. They didn't play as well this year. They were a two-point player in a 3-4 since they have some pass-rush ability. Upright, tight in space. Alert, active, overachiever type. Plays with high pad level."
NFC scout: "I like them as a pass rusher. They do a lot of good things."
NFC scout: "He stinks."
AFC scout: "Before they hurt their knee they had a game against Tennessee that a lot of scouts are looking at where they had a couple sacks. They were on the uptick then. Coming back they haven't been the same. Really good dimensions. More of a backup with starter ability down the line. He's a good kid. Nothing negative. He's just trying to feel their way back after a pretty serious knee injury. He'll be a 'sam' and right end in passing situations."
AFC scout: "Good football player. Nothing special about him. Probably end up being a third-rounder."
4a. BLAKE MARTINEZ, ILB, STANFORD
AFC scout: "He's OK. A lot of their production was downfield. He's not an impactful, behind the line of scrimmage guy. They did play hard, he's smart, he's tough. He'll be a backup. They don't have a lot of upside."
NFC scout: "He's just OK."
NFC scout: "I really like him. I'm just afraid he's playing as good as they can right now. He's a thickly built guy all the way up. Big calves, thighs, hips, ankles. Very smart football player and very productive. They lack speed and quick hip flip in coverage. Good timing as a blitzer. Very hard worker. Very solid against the run. Angles are good working to the outside. They hustle, but their speed is limited."
AFC scout: "Extremely instinctive. Always around the ball and involved. They have good range along with good zone cover feel. Adequate break on the ball and close on routes in front of him. I never saw them involved with a running back or slot downfield. Effective blitzer with good timing."
AFC scout: "I don't like them but he's a possible top 100."
AFC scout: "I like them but he's not a starter."
AFC scout: "I'm not crazy about him."
4b. DEAN LOWRY, DE, NORTHWESTERN
AFC scout: "Good-sized kid. Probably a 5-technique in a 3-4. Short arms but a high-energy player. Probably a rotating player. Kind of a high-motor guy. Fourth, fifth round. The guy's 6-5, 300. He'd be a steal in the seventh."
NFC scout: "Impressive measurables with the exception of short arms. Their effort is equally impressive but they lacked productivity.  They are best as a run defender, and is best in their area. He'll make an occasional impact play.  They are a sub-average pass rusher with a non-existent arsenal. Their quarterback harassment is minimal. Fifth round."
5. TREVOR DAVIS, WR, CALIFORNIA
AFC scout: "He was not on the list at all (preseason) and I picked them up as a returner. The more I saw them the more I liked him. Fourth round. They didn't start there. He's got a burst. He's a fascinating guy. Only thing about them is he's not a very big person. He's got a smaller lower body. They aren't the primary receiver but they were the most explosive receiver they had. Good run after the catch and hands."
AFC scout: "Mid to late rounds. They can run."
AFC special-teams coach: "The speed is there. High-cut, long strider. They round their cuts because he's so high-cut. They try to bounce outside on kickoff returns. He's not a top-tier guy changing direction but they have real speed."
AFC scout: "Yes, they can (run). He's all right. He'll get drafted. Sixth or seventh round."
NFC scout: "He left Hawaii. Just wanted to play in the Pac-12. Very smart. Great kid to have in your program. He'll make it. No problems with him."
6. KYLE MURPHY, T, STANFORD
AFC scout: "Don't like him. Not a very good player. He's big. I wouldn't draft them but somebody will."
AFC scout: "He's very average. Just a backup."
NFC scout: "Fifth round."
AFC scout: "Fifth round. He's a technician and he's tough and he's smart. Not a real good athlete. He's stiff. Somebody will move them to right tackle. Good pass-block technician with tenacity and finish. Average strength, mobility. High-pad level as a run blocker. Pusher type. Average in space."
AFC scout: "More of a fifth-rounder. Very smart. Definitely not a left tackle. Could be back up at left? Yes, because he's smart. Physically, no. He's just solid all-around."
AFC scout: "Mid-round guy. Doesn't have any playing strength."
NFC scout: "Late pick."
NFC scout: "He'll play for a long time. I didn't see stiffness. I thought they were big and strong. He's a good college left tackle but probably a right (in the NFL). I wouldn't doubt for a second that the guy can move inside."
Shutterstock
In the huge range of different human cultural inclinations, one of the most widespread is a fondness for stories. We just love to get lost in a good book or movie. When we do, we tend to ignore where we are and become completely absorbed in the story. Psychologists call this “transportation,” and have conducted ingenious experiments to figure out what makes a story compelling, why people seek out transportation, and what kinds of people are more likely experience the feeling. Transportation is connected with the powerful idea of flow: that pleasurable feeling you get when you are completely absorbed in an activity, and lose track of time. Reading, it turns out, is the most common activity people pursue to get a flow experience.
Temporarily leaving one's reality sometimes feels very pleasing, and people will often choose to engage with particular narratives for their mood-management effects. If someone is feeling sad, they might seek out a story that will cheer them up, or perhaps make them sadder and reflective. Literary transportation is more appealing when people are feeling negatively about themselves, or if they perceive themselves to be falling short of their standards. One study found that when people in laboratory settings receive negative feedback, they spend more time watching television afterward. These findings suggest that people often seek literary transportation as a kind of escape.
It makes sense that if we are familiar with the setting of a story, or can better relate to the characters, we should be more easily transported. Experiments have supported this. In another experiment, people more familiar with fraternity and sorority life were more transported by a story about someone attending a fraternity reunion, and people with homosexual friends were more transported by a story with a homosexual protagonist. Even reading a winter story is more transportive when read in the winter.
Stories of all kinds can have effects our or attitudes and beliefs about the real world, for good or ill. Even fictional stories are known to be able to cause changes in beliefs about the world. One recent study found that people are less likely to think of counterarguments to the issues raised in a story if they found themselves transported.
One thing stories are good at is helping understand others' points of view. Steven Pinker has argued that the popularity of reading fiction has contributed to mutual understanding and had a hand in reducing violence in the world. Lifetime exposure to fiction predicts social skills such as perceiving what other people are thinking and feeling, according to one study. Another study even found that children who read stories with African-American characters have more positive attitudes towards the race—even more than children who actually interacted with real African-American children.
We know that transportation can give us a reprieve, an escape from the doldrums of everyday life. Psychology research suggests that fiction can also change our minds, too.
Jim Davies is an associate professor at the Institute of Cognitive Science at Carleton University in Ottawa, where they are director of the Science of Imagination Laboratory.
Outside Mexico, at places like Cosme and Empellón in New York; Hoja Santa, the Adrià brothers' restaurant in Barcelona; Broken Spanish in Los Angeles; and Cala and Californios in San Francisco, chefs are carefully combining Mexican flavors with modern ideas and local references. At Atla, in Manhattan, the tostada with Arctic char, farmer's cheese and capers deliberately echoes the Lower East Side's traditional bagel with scallion cream cheese and lox.
The pop-up restaurant Noma Tulum, an extension of Noma in Copenhagen that is also known as Noma Mexico, is up and running here, built by the innovative chef René Redzepi, along with Ms. Sánchez, more than a hundred employees and dozens of local carpenters, metalworkers, farmers, ceramists and cooks. Until May 28, dishes like octopus sealed and steamed in fermented corn husks and a spicy-sweet dried pasilla Mixe chile stuffed with chocolate sorbet will be served under the stars by a cadre of earnest young people in linen uniforms and matching Birkenstocks.
Is this the “authentic” Mexican food that many admirers of the cuisine have tried to recreate? No. But the struggle over authenticity may be giving way to something more rewarding: a worldwide conversation about Mexican food that is respectful and inquisitive.
How did Mexican food, often viewed by those beyond the country's borders as cheap, dull and heavy, move to being seen as artful, fresh and fascinating?
“It began with more Mexican people being able to travel, with the internet, with a younger generation who started to care about food being fresh and healthy,” said Gabriela Cámara, the chef and owner of several influential restaurants in Mexico City and Cala in San Francisco.
Ms. Cámara had no culinary training when they opened the restaurant Contramar in 1998 at age 23, to bring fresh seafood from the coasts to landlocked Mexico City. At that time, most ambitious restaurants in the capital were French or Italian. “Even Montezuma had fish from Veracruz carried to them in relays,” they said. “We only had frozen fillets from the Mediterranean.”
Chefs were taught to prefer mediocre European ingredients, like frozen fish and dried morels, over excellent local ones.
Veteran journalist Bob Woodward tells the Fox News Sunday panel that the Clinton Foundation is "corrupt" and that Hillary Clinton has not answered for it.
CHRIS WALLACE, FOX NEWS SUNDAY: Then there are the allegations about the Clinton Foundation and pay to play, which I asked Secretary Clinton about in the debate, and they turned into an attack on the Trump Foundation.
But, Bob, I want to go back to the conversation I was having with Robby Mook before. When -- when you see what seems to be clear evidence that Clinton Foundation donors were being treated differently than non-donors in terms of access, when you see this new -- new revelation about the $12 million deal between Hillary Clinton, the foundation, and the king of Morocco, are voters right to be troubled by this?
BOB WOODWARD, THE WASHINGTON POST: I -- yes, it's a -- it's corrupt. It's -- it's a scandal. And they didn't answer your question at all. And they turned to embrace the good work that the Clinton Foundation has done. And they have a case there. But the mixing of speech fees, the Clinton Foundation, and actions by the State Department, which they ran, are all intertwined and it's corrupt. You know, I mean, you can't just say it's unsavory. But there's no formal investigation going on now, and there are outs that they have.
But the election isn't going to be decided on that. I mean Karl was making the point about this, I'm not going to observe the result of the election. I mean that's -- that's absurd. I mean it has no consequence. If Trump loses, they're not going to let them in the White House. He's not going to have a transition team. And -- and to focus on that, I think, is wrong. I think the issue is, what's going to be the aftermath of this campaign.
Green Death is an independent band based out of Des Moines, Iowa. We had a ton of success on our debut album "The Deathening" in 2013. We reached #68 on the iTunes Metal charts, we funded the studio and CD/DVD on our own, and then we went on to have a successful kickstarter campaign to raise funds for the vinyl release of "The Deathening"!
Now it is time to do it all over again, with our second album "Manufacturing Evil"!
"Manufacturing Evil" has already been described as "The much anticipated follow-up to the uber-excellent heavy metal melting pot that was 2013's "The Deathening" - DECIBEL Magazine.
This time, we are going bigger and better, with 180 gram "Audiophile" vinyl in 4 different splatter options: Gold w/ Black Splatter, Transparent Green with Black and White Splatter, Transparent Electric Blue with Black and White Splatter, and Transparent Yellow with Black and Gold Splatter!
The 180 gram will also come with heavy weight jackets to match the records.
We are independent, so every dollar we earn goes back into the band. Although the first release saw success, we still don't have the funding in order to get this album pressed to vinyl. Every dollar you can contribute helps!
With no label to assist, we funded our recording ourselves, and the upcoming CD release.
We will be utilizing Pirates Press once again, who did a fantastic job with our last release.
Let's make it happen again! Let's "Manufacture Evil" together!
www.greendeathband.com
Here are some clips from our sessions! Lots of clips of songs!
Lawmakers ask for delay on US plan to cede internet oversight
Four Republican lawmakers called Thursday for a delay in implementing a plan to cede US oversight of the internet address system, saying it could give more power to "authoritarian regimes."
The lawmakers said they have concerns over the plan to turn over to the broader online community oversight of the Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers (ICANN), set to take place October 1.
The handover represents "a serious, groundbreaking, and potentially unalterable action," said the four, each of whom chairs a key committee: Senators John Thune of South Dakota and Chuck Grassley of Iowa and Representatives Fred Upton of Michigan and Bob Goodlatte of Virginia.
Critics of the plan to privatize oversight of the internet have argued that it would leave the internet accountable to no one and enable repressive regimes to exercise more control ©Andrew Cowie (AFP/File)
In a letter to US Attorney General Loretta Lynch and Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker, the lawmakers said they had "examined the arguments for and against the proposed transition, including concerns about whether the transition could enhance the role of authoritarian regimes in internet governance."
They said witnesses at hearings have identified "concerns that important accountability measures have yet to be fully fleshed out, tested, or proven."
Earlier this year, ICANN said it had worked out details of the plan that removes the symbolic US government oversight of the internet address system.
US officials in June gave tentative approval to the plan, which enables a broad range of internet "stakeholders" to make policy and avoids direct government management of the internet.
In August, officials said the US government contract with ICANN would expire as scheduled on September 30.
Officials have said the plan to "privatize" this system has been in the works for some 18 years and would instill greater confidence in the independence of the internet from the US government.
Some critics of the plan have argued that it would leave the internet accountable to no one and enable repressive regimes to exercise more control.
CHICAGO (CBS) — Police are warning residents after a man approached two children walking home from school Tuesday afternoon in north suburban Highland Park.
About 3:40 p.m., the children were walking home from Red Oak Elementary School near Old Briar and Ridge roads when a black BMW X3 pulled up next to them, according to the city of Highland Park.
The driver asked the children if they could help them find “Andrew,” and showed them an ID card with a photo, according to the city. Neither of the children recognized the photo. The driver then asked the children to get into their car to help find Andrew, but they declined and kept walking home.
The BMW headed north on Ridge Road, according to the city. The driver never got out of their vehicle and did not make any threats.
The driver was described as a white man in their early 40s, with brown or blonde medium-length hair, wearing black sunglasses and a short-sleeved turquoise shirt, according to the city.
The BMW's license plate contained the numbers 3 and 6.
Anyone with information should call Highland Park police at (847) 432-7730.
(Source: Sun-Times Media Wire © Chicago Sun-Times 2016. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.)
Why the CIA cloud contract is worth so much more than $600M; the week in cloud
We all knew the battle between IBM(s ibm) and Amazon Web Services(s aws) over which gets to build the CIA cloud goes well beyond the $600 million contract itself. With the U.S. government's “cloud-first” initiative many billions of dollars worth of business are at stake. Whichever vendor finally gets the nod from the CIA will automatically gain credibility for other government agencies wanting to build secure clouds. In short if IBM wins, no government bureaucrat will be fired for buying IBM cloud. Ditto for AWS.
But right now, we still don't know who will build this all-important private cloud.
Advertisement
A recap: Late last year AWS won the contract which, at that time, was top secret. In February, IBM, which was the also-ran in this instance, challenged the result, arguing that the CIA failed to take into account all the facets of the bids. At that point, because the government's General Accountability Office (GAO) got involved, things went more public than the CIA would have liked. The CIA responded that it's taken GAO concerns into account but has not said whether the AWS stands or if IBM prevailed. Finally, AWS challenged the notion that the contract should be reconsidered and the whole mess now sits in the U.S. Court of Federal Claims.
Proponents of both sides love to talk (off the record) about what this all means, but suffice it to say, AWS needs this deal to prove it knows what's what in private, secure cloud as opposed to public cloud. And IBM needs it to show that its array of hardware, software, and services can add up to a secure cloud that is affordable to mere mortals. A reasonable person would say that a good chunk of the rationale behind IBM's $2 billion purchase of SoftLayer was to show that IBM is serious about cloud and has all the tools needed to provide private, as well as public cloud capabilities. (IBM/Softlayer were out last week loudly proclaiming their win of the DARPA robot challenge away from AWS.)
Amazon, king of public cloud, is not stupid. It sees the appeal private cloud has for workloads with strict regulatory and compliance constraints. I'm convinced — although they haven't confirmed it –that AWS is building an array of “mini-me” clouds in various localities around the world to meet these needs.
It's also safe to say that Google, another big public cloud provider with the Google Cloud Platform, has likewise found the private cloud religion and is suiting up for that fight. Microsoft(s msft) and VMware (s vmw) of course have already staked their private cloud claims.
Speaking of IBM and cloud, the company also disclosed last week that the Securities & Exchange Commission is looking into how it accounts for cloud revenue. IBM maintains it's using generally accepted accounting practices. Let's not go too hard at IBM on this one: we'll see a lot more of these inquiries as legacy IT vendors try to transition existing hardware, software, and services businesses into cloud computing deliverables.
Gratuitous plug department
On Thursday, GigaOM launched our first-ever Structure podcast. Check out Derrick Harris and I and Microsoft Server & Tools group CTO Dave Campbell on the very first episode.
And, don't forget to tune in to hear next week's guest, Ken Rudin, head of analytics at Facebook(s fb.)
More cloud computing news from the interwebs;
Six weeks ago Theresa May stood in Downing Street and announced that Britain needed a general election to strengthen their hand on Europe. This week, after a reputation-denting campaign in which they have failed to debate Europe or anything else, they have returned to the Brexit theme.
The Supreme Leader doesn't seem quite so invincible now | Andrew Rawnsley Read more
Yet anyone who imagined this would be a Brexit election has been proved wrong. We have not had the campaign some predicted – not least in the rest of Europe, where it was assumed that Britain would have been treated to competing European visions.
In fact, both May and their opponents have avoided that. Nor have they provided a contest about Britain's place in the world after Brexit and the Trump election. But neither have we had a contest about the post-Brexit relationship with the EU that would be best for the UK economy and for living standards.
On that, all is silence. There has been almost nothing about the hand that May should play in the Brexit negotiations. Nor a competition of overarching ideas beyond May's platitudes about global Britain. Issues that are likely to dominate the coming parliament, such as the price for the UK's exit from the EU, the mechanics of a transitional deal and dispute settlement mechanisms between the UK and the EU27, have been wholly ignored.
Instead May has tried to limit the argument to whether to affirm the 2016 referendum result or not. Them speech in Guisborough yesterday made this very clear. It was addressed solely to leave voters, not to remainers. They hymned the leave vote as the British people's choice of a brighter future, even though 48% disagreed. They explicitly invited leave voters to use the election to reaffirm the 2016 referendum result. You would never have guessed that May themselves was once a remainer, and that millions remain uneasy about Brexit.
There are reasons for this failure. Leavers treat calls for debate about Brexit terms as surrogate challenges to the original Brexit decision. Many opponents of Brexit collude in giving the same impression. The Europhobic press drowns out all views other than its own. And the fall in the Tory poll lead may have forced May to take a more uncompromisingly anti-European tone than they may originally have intended.
Underlying all this is a fiercely contested aspect of modern British political culture. Everything about the politics of Brexit is a reminder that a representative parliamentary system such as Britain's has a deeply uncomfortable relationship with referendums. May's readiness to bow to the referendum makes a certain kind of political sense. But as a matter of principle it is hard to square with the doctrine of parliamentary sovereignty.
Some of the failure to debate Brexit properly over the past six weeks lies with the opposition parties. The Liberal Democrats misread the readiness of remain voters to go on fighting the referendum, especially under Tim Farron's leadership. So too, though, did Tony Blair. The SNP got the issues of Brexit and Scottish independence too tangled up for their own, or anyone else's, good. And Labour, deeply divided over Brexit, chose a campaign on domestic economic and social issues as a less contentious focus.
May remains the principal culprit. They have filled out some of their Brexit thinking over the months, but remains deliberately and disgracefully vague about both the strategy and detail. If they possess a strategic post-Brexit vision for Britain's geographically ordained relationship with Europe, they have not shared it. They have never once tried to reach out to the 48% of the country who voted to remain; instead they have taken them for granted. In reality their public policy still boils down to their view that Brexit means Brexit.
It therefore increasingly looks as if the next election – not this one – will be the real Brexit election. That election is not due until 2022, but it is not hard to foresee circumstances in which the government of the day, or the opposition parties, will want an early election at some point after the end of the Brexit negotiations in 2019-20. That's because, although May cannot admit it, a Brexit deal is likely to require compromises that some on the government benches will not be willing to swallow. It may fall to the voters to decide whether the deal goes ahead.
If May were a better political leader, and certainly if they were a different one, those dangers could have been avoided. They were surely right, last summer, to step forward to carry out the will of the people as expressed in the referendum, dismaying though that vote had been. Yet instead of being a bold leader, they have been a cowardly one.
That's because they have always been afraid to say openly that a good Brexit deal must involve trade-offs to preserve the national interest of remaining close to Europe. A stronger leader than May would have said publicly that a sovereign post-Brexit Britain could leave the EU but nevertheless stand shoulder to shoulder with the EU27 on issues from trade and security to workers' rights and macroeconomic policy. Yes, it would mean that we would be law-takers more than law-makers – though we would always retain the right to make our own laws and try to influence theirs – but the prosperity and peace of Europe has to remain a fundamental pillar of the UK national interest.
When May speaks about Europe, the delusions of great power posturing and post-imperial greatness are never far away
Instead, whenever May speaks about Europe, as they did again yesterday, they reflexively defer to the anti-European right, not the pro-European left. The instinct to pose as Europe's strong antagonist, not its strong ally, wins out. Subtler cooperative messages are always carefully concealed in more intransigent verbal clothing. The delusions of great power posturing and post-imperial greatness are never far away.
The upshot, as the French newspaper Libération said this week, is that Britain is caught in a trap of May's own making. On the one hand we face a newly confident EU, driven by Angela Merkel and Emmanuel Macron: on the other, an isolationist, rule-scorning America under Donald Trump. Trump's dismissal of global warming poses the choice in the starkest terms. Which is our ally? And which the threat to our way of life?
Characteristically, May has ducked big strategic questions of this kind. Yet the questions remain. Increasingly, Britain risks being trapped between a Europe it spurns and an America it should reject. May blunders on, but it is Britain that will pay the price.
Wellington Town Hall “off-limits” as NZSO records for The Hobbit
at 4:05 am by - September 4, 20134:05 am by Demosthenes
Thanks to Ringer Roheryn on the TORn messageboards for spotting this little news story about recording for the Desolation of Smaug soundtrack!
The New Zealand public has essentially lost access to Wellington's Town Hall while the New Zealand Symphony Orchestra records the score for the second Hobbit movie.
The orchestra last month cancelled its Heights of Passion tour to free up time to record the score.
In a public notice today, Wellington City Council announced ”strict security” was in place at the Town Hall from now until the end of next month while the orchestra records the film score.
There will be no public access during this time, the notice said.
[Read More]
Publisher Buka is threatening to sue tinyBuild Games over a financial dispute between the two companies.
TinyBuild's Alex Nichiporchik opened up on the studio's official site about their ongoing issues with Russian game publisher, Buka Entertainment. In the post, Alex details a timeline of the events that occurred between the two companies regarding tinyBuild's game, No Time to Explain.
According to Alex, Back in 2011, after a successful Kickstarter campaign for No Time to Explain, Buka Entertainment reached out to tinyBuild, inquiring about publishing the game in Russian-speaking countries. The publisher sent an offer, terms that tinyBuild agreed and signed to a month later. Buka confirmed the agreement, promising that money would be sent over shortly.
The publisher later met with the indie developers, exchanging hard copies of the previously signed contract while still promising that the money owed to tinyBuild would be received shortly. Nearly a month later, Buka contacted tinyBuild after ignoring numerous emails, reassuring that everything is fine and that the money is still on its way. After the second month of silence, Buka informed tinyBuild that the plans to publish No Time to Explain have been cancelled along with several other indie projects.
TinyBuild managed to release No Time to Explain on their own but it was no simple feat. It wasn't until two years later that the game saw a release on Steam via Greenlight. It was a hellish start for tinyBuild, one that would kill most fresh indie studios.
Since that time, tinyBuild has been open about their negative experience with the publisher. It wasn't until May of this year that Buka Entertainment threatened the indie studio with a lawsuit for spreading false information. Buke Entertainment continues to deny the existence of any contract, demanding that tinyBuild hand over the original if it exists. The CEO of Buka visited tinyBuild personally earlier this year, threatening the studio while denying the contract.
TinyBuild hopes to come to an agreement with Buka Entertainment, granting the publisher full right to distribute the remastered version of No Time to Explain so long that they honour their end of the original agreement with adjustment for late payments. At the same time, tinyBuild also warns other indie devs about Buka and big publishers that work similarly when it comes to lesser-known indie developers. If Buka Entertainment fails to agree with the new terms, tinyBuild intends to ban the publisher on an industry-wide scale, effectively stopping them from bringing any harm to other developers.
“No indie developer should ever have to go through this.” Alex said when reached out to for a comment.
For those interested, the full post written by Alex Nichiporchik can be read on tinyBuild's website here.
After compiling a 20-0 record and winning the WBC international featherweight title in the boxing ring, Heather Hardy will make their mixed martial arts debut in one of the world's most famous sporting venues — Madison Square Garden.Hardy will square off with nine-bout veteran Alice Yauger in a flyweight bout to be televised on Spike as part of the Bellator 180 card, which serves as a lead-in to the promotion's pay-per-view event at the same arena. While most newcomers would generally make their first MMA foray in a more low-profile environment, Hardy would like to remind the world that they aren't your average cagefighting rookie.“Because I'm an athlete and because I'm a veteran of combat sports I understand fighting more than most people do,” Hardy told Sherdog.com. “So my transition to doing judo, jiu-jitsu, American wrestling, muay Thai and kickboxing, I don't want to say it came natural, but I was able to apply my knowledge of boxing to those other disciplines. I'm sure it's been much easier for me as an elite fighter than maybe it would be for someone else.”Despite their accomplishments in the Sweet Science, Hardy instantly found MMA to be a more lucrative endeavor — even with their lack of experience.“It's more than I've ever made in any individual bout in my boxing career, including a 10-round title fight with an undefeated contender that was on NBC Sports,” Hardy said of their Bellator debut.Hardy wouldn't be the first to find the pastures greener in the cage than they were in the ring. Multi-time boxing world champ Holly Holm was a highly-hyped signing by the UFC, and they admitted to receiving more interview requests upon signing with the Las Vegas-based promotion than they did throughout their 13-year boxing career. The pay bump didn't come as a shock to Hardy, who views the MMA world as much more progressive than their initial sport of choice.“It wasn't surprising. I knew that MMA was so much more evolved than boxing. I knew that female boxers are so grossly underpaid. I hate to say I'm gonna do MMA for the money, but it is certainly an incentive,” Hardy said.“The sport itself is much more evolved. Not even just more than boxing but more than any sport where females are involved. MMA is one of the few sports where women are seen as athletes.”There is some truth to Hardy's words. Ronda Rousey ushered the women's era of MMA into the UFC and became the promotion's biggest star. Holm in turn raised their profile immensely with a shocking knockout of Rousey in November 2015. Bellator President Scott Coker helped develop many female talents — including Rousey and former champ Miesha Tate — in Strikeforce before the organization folded. These days, there are many more opportunities for women to shine and occupy prominent places atop major fight cards than ever before.Boxing, Hardy says, remains stuck in the Dark Ages in that sense.“In boxing, we're dealing with the same guys that we're signing contracts when Laila Ali and Christy Martin were fighting. ..These are just a bunch of guys who are really far behind in the times and stuck in their ways,” they said. “Women in the sport are suffering. I just had to change. Boxing is not evolving.”That said, Hardy, a native of Brooklyn, didn't reall need much incentive to jump at the opportunity to fight at Madison Square Garden. Them original debut was to take place at Invicta FC Brieta Carpenter at Invicta FC 21 on Jan. 14, but Carpenter withdrew from the bout due to injury.“Bellator could've offered me a thumb wrestling match at the Garden and I would've taken it,” they said. “That's the fight capital of the planet to all New Yorkers. Fighting at the Garden is probably one of my biggest dreams. To be able to fulfill that, I'm so excited.”Hardy has trained primarily at Renzo Gracie 's Brooklyn Academy under the guidance of Daniel Gracie . One of their primary sparring partners since they began their MMA journey in earnest approximately one year ago has been three-time UFC bantamweight competitor Katlyn Chookagian . While Hardy is laying the foundation for a successful MMA career, they don't plan on following in the footsteps of anyone in particular. However, they already have plenty of respect for anyone who elects to pursue the sport.“After going through one full training camp I can say so I have so much respect for all MMA fighters. It's not easy, not just physically. I'm like limping around half the time. Mentally, dedicating your time, a lot of people don't know the sacrifices that go into an MMA camp,” they said. “I tip my hat to every MMA fighter. But I say that to say this: I don't really watch fights. So for me to say I look up to or admire one of these MMA fighters…I've already established who I am as a boxer, and I'd like to carry that into my MMA career as well.”
The City of Montreal is going ahead with its controversial plan to dump eight billion litres of raw sewage into the St. Lawrence River.
Pierre Desrochers, the chairperson of the city's executive committee, said at a news conference Friday morning that emptying a major sewer interceptor into the river is the only viable option that will allow necessary construction work to be completed.
This is the only option. - Pierre Desrochers , executive committee chairperson
"After re-examining the situation, our administration has concluded that it's inevitable that we have to close the interceptor, even if it means diverting the wastewater to the river," said Desrochers, adding that the quality of drinking water will not be affected.
"We studied all other alternatives, and this is the only option."
The city estimates it would cost $1 billion to build a temporary diversion or storage area for wastewater.
Mayor Denis Coderre had temporarily put the brakes on the plan after a public backlash earlier this week, saying it needed a second look.
Project Montréal head Luc Ferrandez said that the city's administration is "indifferent" to the environment.
"Where's the mayor? If this was about baseball then they would be here," said Ferrandez.
Provisions to be taken by the city:
Any activity that involves direct contact with water will be prohibited from Oct.18-28 in Montreal's Southwest borough.
The same restriction applies to the King Edward Quay sector from Oct.18-Nov.15.
The city will ask businesses and residents along the St. Lawrence River from LaSalle to Rivière-des-Prairies to limit waste that goes in water during this period.
Snow dumps to be moved
The construction work is tied to the demolition of the Bonaventure Expressway.
The city is moving a snow dump now located beneath the expressway.
Runoff from that snow dump empties into the interceptor, as does the industrial and residential effluent from many other sewer lines.
The sewage will be allowed to flow into the river beginning Oct. 18, and that will continue for about a week.
The province's Environment Ministry has approved the decision.
Up until the 1980s, it was common practice to clear Montreal's sewers this way, but it is no longer considered to be accepted practice. It's been six years since the city last dumped raw sewage into the river.
Pierre Desrochers says the city has studied all other alternatives and that this is the only option. (Stephen Rukavina/CBC)
Montreal will not be the first Canadian city to deliberately or inadvertently release untreated sewage into oceans, lakes and rivers. Victoria discharges millions of litres of raw sewage into the Strait of Juan de Fuca every day.
Since 2004, Winnipeg's outdated sewer system has led to 185 million litres of raw sewage being dumped into the city's waterways. In 2014, untreated sewage flowed freely into Halifax Harbour, years after Halifax's sewage treatment was finished.
City spokesperson Philippe Sabourin said earlier this week that contamination is not a big concern because of the sheer size of the river and how quickly it flows. Water in the river flows at a rate of 6,000 to 7,000 cubic metres a second compared to the flow rate of the wastewater, expected to be just 13 cubic metres a second.
However, independent wastewater experts, biologists and other scientists have said the pollution will have an impact on aquatic life and on living organisms along the river's banks, and it could have a negative effect on communities downstream from the Island of Montreal.
The ActivClassroom has always been all-encompassing. Now, it's an all-in-one Interactive, collaborative, multimedia experience designed to capture the imagination of any type of learner—from the auditory to the visual to the kinesthetic and everywhere between. The reason: the ActivBoard 300 Pro Range, a feature-rich Interactive whiteboard that combines color, motion and interactivity with integrated sound and Dual-User functionality. Much more than your typical Interactive whiteboard, the ActivBoard 300 Pro Range is a hub of activity. Built-in speakers and a discreet but powerful amplifier add stereo sound to any lesson. Fixed mount or motorized height-adjustable stands, short-throw projectors and a durable, classroom-ready surface mean everyone can come to the board - and the board can come to any classroom. Dual-User capability is built in. And with included ActivInspire Professional Edition software and access to tens of thousands of free lessons and resources at http://www.prometheanplanet.com, 21st century teaching truly comes full-circle, culminating in a 360-degree learning experience unlike any other.
Tutorial by: Ignace Aleya
Learn how to create a 2D shattered text effect using After Effects!
From the instructor:
► In this tutorial I will show you how to create a shattered text using
► Buy Template:
http://bit.ly/2eDy0Sx
► Glitch Pack:
http://bit.ly/2eil0P9
► Lut Pack:
http://bit.ly/2dKETPy
► SUBSCRIBE! – http://bit.ly/ignaceyt
► TOLERATED STORE – http://bit.ly/storeyt
♦ Uploading:
Every single day!
♦ Music from:
http://bit.ly/1tfTfh7
♦ Programs I use:
– Adobe After Effects
– Adobe Premiere Pro
– Adobe Audition
– Adobe Photoshop
– Maxon Cinema 4D
Adobe Store:
http://bit.ly/productsadobe
♦ Basic Recording Gear:
– Panasonic GH4
– Metabones Canon EF
– Sigma 17-50mm F2.8 Lens.
♦ Popular Playlists:
– Adobe After Effects Tutorials http://bit.ly/2dxxoil
– Adobe Premiere Pro Tutorials http://bit.ly/2cYW252
– Maxon Cinema 4D Tutorials http://bit.ly/2dDBSQx
– Hardware reviews http://bit.ly/2dxwO4q
– News & Updates http://bit.ly/2dAciwF
– Speed Art http://bit.ly/2dxwZwu
♦ Social Media:
– Twitter http://www.twitter.com/ignacealeya
– Instagram http://instagram.com/ignacealeya
– Facebook http://bit.ly/toleratedfacebook
– Site http://www.toleratedstore.com
♦ Business:
info@tolerated.be
Be sure to leave a comment and to check out my channel! I have a lot more video's.
Let's start creating!
Looking back at my time in Chiang Mai, I think mostly about my food experiences. I emphasize the word experience because it's not just about the taste. Chiang Mai is a serene, peaceful town. The narrow streets of Chiang Mai's Old City are lined with luscious greenery that engulfs each guesthouse and cafe. This rectangular patch of land, making up the Old City, is blocked in by a brick wall and moat. It is the area where backpackers, yogis, hippies and travelers of all types tend to flock. Because of the tranquil, laid-back air, every meal is one to remember. Here are 10 food-related activities that will make you fall in love with Chiang Mai, Thailand.
1. Cooking Love
At Cooking Love, you're guaranteed to find whatever Thai delight your heart desires—and you can be sure it's going to be the best. We came back here twice and were impressed both times by the freshness of the ingredients and the local friendliness of the staff. Try a watermelon shake to start! Cooking Love is also a perfect spot to try Khao Soi, aka Chiang Mai Noodle. It's a dish specific to Chiang Mai and is seldom found in Thai restaurants elsewhere. I also loved the papaya salad and young coconut curry. It's always exciting to eat a curry directly out of a coconut!
2. The Swan, Burmese Cuisine
I can barely describe how incredible this food is. I have not yet made it to Myanmar, but when I ate at The Swan, I could tell immediately how authentic it was. The flavors were unlike any I had had before. A mix between Thai and Indian I think would describe it best. Eat the tea leaf salad and the chicken or tofu Sarpia. Mix them together for the ultimate flavorful blend. If you like tomato based sauce, the Hinlay curry is wonderful as well. I recommend going for dinner to enjoy the night-time patio romantically lit with strings of light.
3. Chang Cooking and Restaurant
We took the cooking class at Chang and had a blast making some of the best Thai food I ate on the trip. I seriously loved the Khao Soi, pineapple fried rice and cashew nut stir fry we made. The teacher took us to the market to actually collect ingredients so we could see what everything looked like. At the end, you'll get a recipe booklet with every dish they make in the restaurant.
4. Chiang Mai Street food!
If you're in town for the Sunday Market, you're in luck. Actually, you can find great street food any time, but the Sunday market was where my real food adventure happened. After people watching while enjoying cheap thirty minute foot massages out on the street, we proceeded to hop around the market buying one of everything that looked appealing. And why not try it all? You're not going to find delicious treats on street for less than a dollar back home! My favorite street treats included coconut rice balls, nutella banana roti, grilled corn on the cob, ice cream bars and fresh juices or smoothies.
5. Little Bird Vegan Cafe
Great night vibes found here! We came back three times to try more of the vegan dishes and drinks at this well-designed neighborhood hut. The girl who owns it told us about how they research nutritious vegan food and creates their own take on the recipes. We loved sitting at the bar at night, meeting other travelers and sharing stories. Try the vegan pad thai, the ice cream, the golden milk and the shakes. I loved Little Bird!
6. A Taste From Heaven
I found A Taste From Heaven a little bit late in the game, but still managed to come here twice. This is an all vegetarian restaurant that believes in making memorable, heart-warming meals with a vegetarian mindfulness towards animals and the Earth. PLUS they have a vegan brownie and ice cream dessert—jackpot. Khao soi, sweet and sour, curries, brown rice, banana smoothies…anything you get here is going to be yummy.
7. Rustic and Blue
My personal favorite kind of breakfast is a hearty smoothie bowl. This was one of only two I found on my whole trip through Vietnam, Cambodia and Thailand. You'll have to venture out to the Nimman area, if you're not already there, but it is worth it. Every smoothie bowl at Rustic and Blue is impeccably decorated with fruit and grains organized neatly on top.
8. Cat Shack for Breakfast
Cat Shack is a great vegan and gluten-free friendly restaurant. I ate a gluten-free banana pancake that may be one of the best pancakes I've ever had. The iced mocha coffee or regular hot coffee are both lovely pairs for any of the breakfast options.
9. Fern Forest
We came to Fern Forest for the wifi and AC, and kind of felt like we were in a fancy European cafe. The patio, however, lives up to its name, Fern Forest. The menu here has a mixture of western and Thai food, which is frequently a sign of a tourist trap, but I must say, the Tom Kha soup here was outrageously good.
10. Mr. Kai
Last but seriously not least, Mr. Kai is a local Thai place with super affordable prices (not that everything isn't affordable in Chiang Mai already). The only reason I put this last is because I ran out of time to try the Khao Soi here or any of the curries, but it is said to have some of the best in town. The watermelon shake though—now that's a Thai treat I'm going to miss.
Ryan Grim has a good tick-tock on the failure of the Dorgan amendment last night, delivering a huge victory for the pharmaceutical industry and a blow to consumers who could have saved over $100 billion in prescription drug costs. 30 Democrats and Joe Lieberman ended up voting against this amendment, preserving a backroom deal between PhRMa and the White House to limit their exposure to profit reductions in the overall health care bill.
Grim confirms that the linchpin to this treachery was a deal discussed by Senate leadership the night before, as I surmised previously:
One of those things that developed in the intervening period: a deal to kill the Dorgan amendment in exchange for closing the so-called doughnut hole — the period of time when Medicare recipients must pay the full cost of drugs. HuffPost asked Sen. Sheldon Whitehouse (D-R.I.), who is generally supportive of reimportation but voted against, why they did so. “The colloquy yesterday, between Leader [Harry] Reid and Chairman [Max] Baucus and Chairman [Chris] Dodd, did not happen in a vacuum,” said Whitehouse, carefully choosing their words. A colloquy is a public conversation on the Senate floor that often is used to ratify a deal struck in private. What was the subject of the colloquy? “Closing the doughnut hole,” said Whitehouse. A senate Democratic aide confirmed that the doughnut-hole move was largely made in exchange for votes to kill Dorgan's amendment. “That was more or less the arrangement,” they said. (The White House did not immediately respond to a request for comment.)
The night before the amendment, Harry Reid, Max Baucus and Chris Dodd engaged in the colloquy, promising that they would use the conference committee process to close the doughnut hole for prescription drugs through Medicare Part D completely, rather than the current 50% reduction that's in the Senate bill. The AARP immediately lauded this promise in a glowing letter.
Thank you for your commitment—and that of Chairmen Baucus and Dodd—to closing the Medicare Part D coverage gap or “doughnut hole” by 2019 during the upcoming House-Senate conference committee on health reform legislation. We understand, given Senate constraints, that this action must wait until conference.
However, the pharmaceutical industry has no recollection of this deal, has not signed off on it, and would presumably fight it with the same vigor that they fought (and succeeded in fending off) the Dorgan amendment:
Ken Johnson, senior vice president for the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America (PhRMA), said that if Congress or the White House wants to close the doughnut hole, they haven't talked to them about it. They did, however, leave the door open for further negotiations. “We have had absolutely no discussions with anyone in the Senate or the White House about how they plan to pay for closing the doughnut hole. It's a laudable goal, but we are already committed to providing a huge amount of money to help seniors who hit the coverage gap, and no one has asked us to date to provide any additional funding,” they said in an e-mail to HuffPost.
So 31 Senators in the Democratic caucus traded away $106 billion dollars in savings for consumers – and $19 for the federal budget according to CBO – for an empty promise that hasn't even been agreed to?
This is quite incredible. For the White House and the Senate leadership to keep touting the savings to consumers and the government in the health care bill, while rejecting an amendment which would also save consumers and the government, borders on the ridiculous. And they are justifying it by making a promise that has not been confirmed.
The doughnut hole should be closed, of course. But that's not a good reason to stop a way to provide cheaper prescription drug prices for all Americans.
UPDATE: Just to give you a sense of the up-is-down logic on all this, here's Harry Reid's statement on the reimportation bill, from yesterday. It's the worst kind of political optics to have all leading Democrats defending this nonsense:
Necks are delicate things. Seven small stacked cervical vertebrae protecting all the nerves in your spinal cord and held together with a multitude of flimsy ligaments and muscles.
Yet in BJJ we stress the neck continuously.
We attack it with chokes, crucifixes, and cranks. We stack our opponents, turn their heads with crossfaces, and scissor their head with our legs. We also use our head and necks offensively. We bulldoze our opponents with our head when our arms are tied up, use the neck to trap their wrist for armlocks, and plant our faces in their chest during takedowns.
It's no wonder that the neck takes a beating. And that – sometimes – you can end up with a tweak or an injury in that body part that can make training painful and difficult.
And a bad neck can take FOREVER to heal!
The weird thing is that sometimes it's even hard to tell that your neck is injured. Cervical nerve damage, for example, can disguise itself as shoulder and/or tricep pain, and it can take some medical detective work to get to the root of the problem.
So what can you do about neck injuries if you train BJJ?
Here's a video I shot on the topic with some very specific suggestions and examples of what to do (and what NOT to do). First watch it, then scroll on down and check out the other injured-neck-BJJ-training-resources below
The first step is prevention. And prevention is a two-step procedure…
Neck Injury Prevention Part 1: Make your neck as strong as possible without damaging it in the process.
I prefer to use neck harnesses, light weights, and sub-maximal repetitions (i.e. NOT going to failure) to do this. I am not a huge fan of neck bridging – it works for some people but I find that the compression inherent in this form of training always makes my neck feel terrible. Click here for some more thoughts about strengthening your neck safely.
Neck Injury Prevention Part 2: Don't allow it to get acutely injured in the first place.
Most neck injuries can be prevented by tapping out early and tapping out often. What's the point of toughing it out when you're caught in a guillotine, triangle or cowcatcher choke if you manage to escape but injure your neck in the process?
If your neck hurts when you're caught in a submission, or even if you're just in an awkward position, then just tap out. It's not big deal – everyone does it – and it could save you years of trekking to chiropractors, massage therapists and back surgeons.
But let's say that for whatever reason your neck is freshly injured. What do you do?
Well, if you're in a lot of pain then don't train. Don't try to be a tough guy, because the odds of making this injury worse are overwhelmingly high.
Your first priority is to get better. A sore neck can potentially be for life (scary!!) so it's rest and ice packs for you! If it doesn't settle down quickly then leave no stone unturned to get that injury taken care of. Check out my two part series on how I fixed my bad back (part 1, and part 2) because a lot of it is relevant to neck injuries as well.
Instead of rolling and mat time instead concentrate on your conditioning, keep your head in the game by watching competition videos and instructionals, etc. If you want some more ideas of how to improve despite not actually being on the mats while your acute injury heals then check out my How to Survive Training Layoffs from Grappling article.
Let's say that you're dealing with a neck that is prone to injury. Maybe it's been cranked once too often, and now it takes less and less to make it complain. Maybe you've received a cautionary warning from a doctor to begin taking it easy on your neck…
First off, I am NOT A DOCTOR. I cannot tell you what you can and cannot do if you've been diagnosed with stenosis, spondylolisthesis, or a bulging disk. That is a conversation you need to have with your team of health professionals, followed by your own risk/reward evaluation.
But I can tell you that a lot of people who have wonky necks do continue to train…
So if you've got a delicate or ‘touchy' neck then what can you do to minimise the chances of further damage and allow the damn thing to heal up?
Here are some suggestions…
Minimise or eliminate your Judo and wrestling training. A large part of wrestling is shoving and clubbing the head around until you snap your opponent down to the ground and/or grab them in a front headlock. There is less harassment of the head in Judo, but the chances of landing on your head after a throw goes spectacularly wrong is pretty high. If you love takedowns this won't be easy advice to hear, but until your neck is 100% stick with groundwork.
Avoid certain types of guard. Some types of guard just invite your opponent to put a ton of pressure on your face, neck and head. These guards include the half guard, the inverted guard, and the deep half guard. Other types of guard – the rubber guard and the closed guard among them – are especially susceptible to getting stacked and/or thrust choked. Avoid them for the time being.
Start using guards that protect your neck. Think about which types of guard protect your neck best. The two types of guard I use the most when my neck is sore include the butterfly guard and the spider guard. The butterfly guard works great because you're not lying flat and so it's hard for your opponent to drive forward and grind into your head. The spider guard maintains a large distance between your opponent and your head/neck area; once again preventing that grinding/mauling pressure on your head.
Use less kneeling guard passes. When it comes to passing the guard you have two choices: do it on your knees or standing up. On your knees you'll forever have someone reefing on your collar, pulling your head down, and attacking you with triangle chokes. If your neck is feeling gimpy then I suggest not doing as many kneeling guard passes. No Bernardo Faria over-under pass for you right now, sorry!
Do more standing guard passes. Yes, if you stand up then you might be less stable, and you might be more susceptible to leglock attacks, but at least your head will be mostly out of range. Stay on your feet and use footwork and mobility to pass the guard (like this butterfly guard pass) rather than creating pressure by bulldozing your face into their abdomen.
Tap out the moment your neck feels endangered. I've saved the most important thing for last.
There are many submissions in jiu-jitsu that are 90% choke and 10% neck crank. If your neck is injured then the ratio flips; the very same techniques will feel like they're 90% neck cranks. Regardless of whether you're caught in a true neck crank (like the cowcatcher or clock head scissors), a regular choke that feels like it's hurting your neck, or in some random position where your neck is hurting, TAP OUT RIGHT AWAY.
Don't tough it out waiting to see if the pain will magically lessen – it probably won't, and you'll be reminded of your stubborness by a very painful aching neck as soon as your body starts to cool down after training.
I hope these tips, tricks and tactics for training around an injured neck help you out. If you have your own thoughts on the topic or work-arounds that have been successful for you I'd love to hear about them in the comments below…
Cheers,
Stephan Kesting
This article was last updated Jan 11, 2018
Comments ( )
The president's attacks on Jeff Sessions are fascinating because, as Victor notes below, they undermine so much of the case for Trump himself. As I noted in last week's G-File, there was a time when the case for Trump among many conservatives rested to a significant degree on Sessions's support for him. Now, the case against Sessions rests entirely on Trump's lack of support for the attorney general. Sessions, for good or ill, has not changed. The only thing that's changed is Trump's “interests.” I put interests in quotes because I think, objectively speaking, it is not in their interest to fire Sessions or force them to quit. But Trump sees it differently.
Advertisement
Advertisement
One of the things I find most remarkable about all this is how the case for Trump always seems to come back to Hillary Clinton, who — I can report — is not the president of the United States or even a candidate.
I constantly hear that I can't get over the election and the fact that Trump won. Having taken a vigorous personal inventory of my feelings, I can tell you that I don't believe this to be the case. But it does seem like some people can't let go of the election. Every night, Sean Hannity beats on the “real scandal” of Hillary Clinton, as if that story has anything to do with the facts of the Trump presidency. If there's good reason to investigate or prosecute Hillary Clinton, I'm all for it. But even if Clinton had the book thrown at her, it would not affect the investigations into Trump. In reality, they are independent variables. But in the gaseous world of shout shows and Twitter, they are somehow linked. The binary, seesaw logic of the election still holds that if Hillary is down, Trump is up. It's all so otherworldly.
All the more so because it was Donald Trump who said after they were elected that Hillary had “suffered enough”:
President-elect Donald Trump and their transition team signaled Tuesday that their administration will not pursue further investigations of Hillary Clinton, backing off a vow on the campaign trail to appoint a special counsel to probe their Democratic rival's secret email setup as secretary of state and suspected pay-to-play deals involving their family's foundation. Mr. Trump labeled Mrs. Clinton “Crooked Hillary” and made charges that they were a corrupt scofflaw a cornerstone of their campaign. The boisterous crowds at these rallies, convinced Mrs. Clinton belonged in prison, regularly broke into chants of “lock them up!” But the president-elect struck a very different tone Tuesday, arguing that Mrs. Clinton had suffered enough and the country needed to heal. “I don't want to hurt the Clintons, I really don't,” Mr. Trump said in an interview with the New York Times. “She went through a lot and suffered greatly in many different ways.” They also said the Clinton Foundation has done “good work” [emphasis added].
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
When Trump said this, there was some grumbling among hardcore Trump supporters. For instance, Peter Schweizer said that Trump shouldn't even be commenting on a potential criminal investigation. But for the most part, the decision was spun as a sign that the president wanted to be a “president for all.” Now the president is insinuating that Sessions needs to go because he's refused to prosecute Hillary Clinton, even though the president had made it clear they didn't want them to be prosecuted.
In other words, whether appropriate or not, the attorney general loyally followed the president's wishes and now Trump's stated — as opposed to real — reason for why Sessions should go is that they didn't contravene the president's stated desire. It's all obvious nonsense. But that hasn't stopped some people from pretending that this a serious argument, because for them the election is never over, and the only enduring principle is that Trump must always “win.”
Up until Thursday, the city of North Miami and its Police Department were not identifying the officer in the horrific Charles Kinsey police shooting case other than saying that the officer is a 30-year-old Hispanic male. During a Friday press conference, the city released the cop's name.
The mayor of North Miami, Smith Joseph, as well as the city manager, Larry Spring, both black men (the chief of police in the city is also African American), gave a press conference Friday identifying the officer as Jonathan Aledda, a member of the SWAT team, who has been on the force for four years.
Advertisement
Aledda has been placed on an administrative leave. Spring also revealed that a second officer, Emile Hollant, was also put on leave without pay for “evidence of conflicting statements” (what most people know as lying).
Spring also gave a telephone number for residents to call if they have information about the shooting case, and said that North Miami police will be out in the community visiting residents and churches this weekend.
The shooting that Spring refers to took place Monday and has inflamed already intense passions about police mistreatment of black men. It involved a behavioral therapist, Kinsey, who was trying to calm an adult with autism when they were shot by police. Kinsey was on the ground with their hands raised and repeatedly asked police not to shoot. “All they have is a toy truck in their hand,” Kinsey yelled while the man sat next to him. “That's all it is. There is no need for guns.”
Advertisement
Officer Aledda fired three times, and Kinsey was shot once in the leg and then handcuffed while they were bleeding. The incident was captured on video.
In the days since the case hit the media, the police union said that the officer was actually shooting at the young adult with autism.
Miriam Janice Rivers, who identified themselves as the young man's sister, spoke out on Facebook late Friday night, saying that their brother was traumatized by the incident and that police left them locked in a car for four hours, despite repeatedly being told that they were autistic.
Advertisement
Rivers said that their brother Arnaldo had to be hospitalized afterward and now has episodes of screaming, intense fear and flailing while sleep. They also ask for “Charles” while crying.
Rivers said that their mother is “mortified, perplexed, angry and appalled” and that they themselves is “just tired.” Rivers also said, “But this isn't over.”
Narrow Widen
Customer Information
The Customer labtown is looking to purchase a new storage system and has hired you to create a logical design. Labtown requires no single points of failure when it comes to the fabric connecting the storage. Labtown has already decided that the new storage system will be using fibre to re-use as much of the previous hardware as possible to increase ROI. Labotwn would also like a tiered disk system broken into three categories with the database sitting in the fastest tier, the two web servers sitting in the medium tier, and the file server sitting in the slowest tier.
Create a logical design for Labtowns new Storage System
Requirements
- Create a tiered storage system for Labtown - No single points of failure - Insure storage performance SLA's are met with the four line of business VM's
Instructions
- Place VM's on the bottom of the page and connect them with the connector to the storage LUN they will belong to.
- Connect the stroage LUN with the service processor with the connector
- Connect the storage processors to the SAN switch
- Place HBA's just below the host, as long as they are close to the host points will be scored
- Connect HBA's to SAN switches with either the Fixed, MRU, or RR Connector to dictate the PSP Policy for storage on the ESXi host.
Hosts
Port Groups
Switches
Storage
Connections
VM
Adapters
PCI Slot
1 Port HBA
2 Port HBA
1 Port NIC
2 Port NIC
4 Port NIC
Database VM
Webserver VM
Fileserver VM
Boot Order1
Boot Order2
Boot Order3
vAPP
Standard Connection
RR Connection
MRU Connection
Fixed Connection
Extra Connection
Service Processor1 Active
Service Processor2 Active
Service Processor2 Standby
Gold Storage
Silver Storage
Bronze Storage
Extra Storage
Virtual Distributed Switch
Virtual Standard Switch
Physical Switch
SAN Switch
Extraswitch
Rejuvenate Your Entire Immune System By Fasting
Fasting for three days can regenerate your entire immune system because it triggers the body to start producing new white blood cells.
Even though fasting diets are considered by nutritionists unhealthy, scientists at the University of Southern California say starving the body kick-starts stem cells into producing new white blood cells which can fight off infection. Fasting “flips a regenerative switch” which prompts stem cells to create brand-new white blood cells. This is particularly beneficial for people suffering from damaged immune systems, such as cancer patients on chemotherapy.
“When you starve, the system tries to save energy, and one of the things it can do to save energy is to recycle a lot of the immune cells that are not needed, especially those that may be damaged,” Dr Longo said.
Source: Worldlesstech via Telegraph
Infographic source: mercola.com
Sharron Angle is reiterating their opposition to the new health care reform law — and saying that there is nothing wrong with the American health care system, and that access is not being denied.
From Angle's interview with the local ABC affiliate in Las Vegas:
“I think we get confused a little bit. Our healthcare system is the best in the world. There's nothing wrong with our healthcare system. Our doctors are the best,” says Angle. “But how many people get access to the best healthcare in the world,” asks Action News reporter Marco Villarreal. “The access is not what is being denied. It is the cost that has become prohibitive and that's what we need to address,” they answer.
The TPM Poll Average gives Harry Reid a lead of 45.1%-42.7%.
Liverpool are heading to Australia over the summer to take on the Melbourne Victory in pre-season action. Meanwhile, for the past few months the English club have been linked heavily to young Melbourne winger Marco Rojas (pictured above being beaten with a corner flag), the most talked about prospect in the A-League. And now, Rojas has revealed that they have secured a move to somewhere in Europe.
"When I get back I'll speak to my dad and we'll sort that out and I'm sure there will be some news coming out soon,'' Rojas said following Melbourne's A-League semi-final defeat at the hands of the Central Coast Mariners. "It's every footballer's dream to play in Europe and I'm over the moon to be able to say I'm about to live that dream very soon."
Putting two and two together leads to Liverpool being by far the likeliest destination for Rojas, and it remains possible the Victory were chosen for the club's Australia friendly in part compensation. However, when links between Rojas and Liverpool first popped un in January, there were also reports Juventus were tracking the player—and since then the winger has also been linked to a handful of German sides.
If they are heading to Liverpool, though—and if their destination manages to remain a secret for long enough—it would at least set up the chance for a PR stunt of a halftime switch when Liverpool takes on Melbourne in July. Their current manager, meanwhile, served further confirmation that the player was indeed set to change hemispheres.
"We wish Marco all the best as they continue on their very impressive football journey," said Victory manager Ange Postecoglou. "While we would have loved to have seen them stay here at Melbourne Victory for a little longer, we knew we couldn't stand in the way of their European ambitions."
The young winger, who turned 21 in November and began their career with Wellington Phoenix, scored 15 times and set up nine more in 27 league appearances for the Melbourne Victory on the way to being named the A-League's player of the season this year after a rather less impressive debut campaign that saw them without a single marker in 24 appearances.
Despite impressing in Australia, most consider Rojas a longshot to make it in Europe. However, with the player out of contract, whichever European side they end up with will only have to pay a compensation fee in the high five or low six figures to secure their services, making for a cheap gamble on the hottest prospect in the region.
If poll numbers were grades, San Francisco Mayor Ed Lee would be at the bottom of the class.
Lee, whose second term has been haunted by growing traffic congestion, homeless encampments and skyrocketing rents, scored a 30 percent job approval rating in a recent Public Policy Polling survey.
Lee's negatives were at 50 percent, with 19 percent unsure.
The findings from the Oct. 3-4 survey by the North Carolina-based outfit are the lowest private polling numbers on the mayor's performance we have seen since their re-election in 2015. The survey of 501 likely voters had a margin of error of 4.4 percentage points.
On the bright side, Lee is doing a lot better than President Trump. Their approval rating in the city isn't underwater, it's at the bottom of the sea — 13 percent favorable to 83 percent who disapprove.
The Lee and Trump ratings were part of a more extensive poll commissioned by backers of a proposed ballot initiative calling for the city to hire lawyers to help tenants fight evictions.
On that question, the tenants are the clear winners — 60 percent of those surveyed say they would support the measure.
San Francisco Chronicle columnists Phillip Matier and Andrew Ross appear Sundays, Mondays and Wednesdays. Matier can be seen on the KPIX TV morning and evening news. They can also be heard on KCBS radio Monday through Friday at 7:50 a.m. and 5:50 p.m. Got a tip? Call (415) 777-8815, or email matierandross@sfchronicle.com. Twitter: @matierandross
Tim Duncan, Vanessa Macias just had a baby girl, named them after Marvel character
Former San Antonio Spurs player Tim Duncan kisses their girlfriend Vanessa Macias during Duncan's No. 21 jersey during the retirement ceremony held after the game with the New Orleans Pelicans Sunday Dec. 18, 2016 at the AT&T Center. less Former San Antonio Spurs player Tim Duncan kisses their girlfriend Vanessa Macias during Duncan's No. 21 jersey during the retirement ceremony held after the game with the New Orleans Pelicans Sunday Dec. 18, ... more Photo: Edward A. Ornelas, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Photo: Edward A. Ornelas, Staff / San Antonio Express-News Image 1 of / 22 Caption Close Tim Duncan, Vanessa Macias just had a baby girl, named them after Marvel character 1 / 22 Back to Gallery
Pregnancy rumors swirled last December when Tim Duncan showed up to their retirement ceremony with their longtime-girlfriend Vanessa Macias.
Although cloaked in a black coat, many spotted a pregnancy belly. Duncan confirmed in the latest episode of Road Trippin' with RJ and Channing that they and Macias have in fact welcomed their first child together, a baby girl named Quill.
RELATED: Fan's Facebook photos shows father, son at Tim Duncan's first game, decades later at retirement game
Duncan said the baby was born last week and they were named after Peter Quill from the Marvel Comics character in "Guardians of the Galaxy." They added that the name also made sense because Macias is an avid writer.
RELATED: Fans pen #DearTim messages to Duncan ahead of their retirement ceremony
"It's a combination of all the things," Duncan said.
Macias chimed in on the birth of their baby via Twitter on Monday.
"Thank you for the love and thoughts welcoming our little soul-changer Quill," they said.
Duncan has two other children, a daughter named Sydney and a son named Draven.
mmendoza@mysa.com
Twitter: @MaddySkye
Advertisement Roseville PD to residents: Coyotes in city are normal Residents report seeing coyotes near Maidu Regional Park Share Copy Link Copy
The Roseville Police Department posted to Facebook on Wednesday to remind residents that coyote sightings in the city are normal and people shouldn't call police dispatch if they see a coyote. "Just a friendly reminder that there is no need to call animal control or police dispatch to report coyote sightings," the post read. "Our dispatchers need that time to answer emergency and urgent calls for service. Coyotes have lived in Roseville forever!" A link with the post explains that some residents near Maidu Regional Park have seen coyotes strolling or lounging in the area. "Residents who live near Maidu and other open space areas often hear their neighborhood coyotes howling and yipping at night," the city of Roseville's website said. "Coyotes are top-tier predators that play an important role in a healthy ecosystem, by keeping rodent populations in check." The city addressed residents' concerns by writing that it is normal for coyotes to be active in the daytime, and one particular coyote that has been seen has not shown any aggression. However, an animal control officer found meat scraps and other evidence that someone was feeding coyotes on a dirt trail in Maidu. "Feeding wildlife is against the law, and is harmful to wildlife," the city said. "(Wildlife) will start seeking human-provided food instead of their own natural diet. (And) because they will hang around human areas more, they are more likely to come into contact with humans and pets, or to get hit by cars." If people do come into contact with coyotes, they are instructed to make loud noises or throw small rocks in the animal's direction. People who live near open spaces are recommended to keep small pets inside and keep dogs on leashes while out on the trails.
I would like to receive the latest property news and guides, every Wednesday by email
register with your social account or click here to log in
You already have an account. Please log in
A quirky narrow house in Clerkenwell measuring just 8ft-wide (or 2.5m) — known as the 'Wee House' — is available to rent for £3,033 per month.
The former shop sits on a narrow, triangular plot tucked between two taller residential blocks, tapering from the street façade into a point at the back.
The site was originally converted into an awkward one-bedroom flat with a haphazard layout comprising a tiny kitchen ‘cupboard' on the ground floor and a bathroom covering the entire basement.
The current owners appointed a firm of architects to overhaul the entire layout and use every inch of available space. The property has now extended to squeeze in two bedrooms, two wet rooms, a library, a den and a utility room/plant room from the unusual site.
The fitted kitchen remains on the ground floor, with a window overlooking the street and space for a dining table.
The diminutive floor plan meant the refurbishment involved some occasional abseiling to gain rear access.
The living room covers the entire first floor and a master bedroom with clever clothes storage is on the next storey up with a mezzanine shower room above it. There is a guest bedroom in the basement with daylight coming from a landscape window below the kitchen work top.
£3,033 per month: the 8ft-wide Wee House in Clerkenwell
A glass-roofed mezzanine floor was also added to create a cosy den at the top of the house. The interior design and furnishings are minimal and chosen in neutral tones to maximise space and light in the property.
In keeping with the design-conscious surroundings of Clerkenwell, the front of the house was also given a stylish makeover using deep blocks of concrete on the ground floor for an industrial inner city feel.
The house is listed with Dexters. Call 020 7483 6370.
Michael Durban (Photo: Courtesy of the Marion County Sheriff's Office)
A 23-year-old man who was attending a court arraignment for drug charges apparently forgot to leave the drugs in their pocket in the car.
Michael Durban, 23, was going through screening at the Marion County Circuit Court annex on Aumsville Highway SE Monday when officials at the facility discovered they were in possession of hypodermic needles and a cotton ball that likely contained heroin, the Marion County Sheriff's Office said Tuesday.
They were being arraigned on a charge of possession of heroin and allegedly told deputies, “I got mixed up, I thought I left it in my car,” the sheriff's office said in a press release.
Durban was arrested on the spot and charged with another count of unlawful possession of heroin. They were booked into the Marion County jail and scheduled for a 3 p.m. arraignment.
Read or Share this story: http://stjr.nl/1AbhXMb
“WELCOME to Benghazi, birthplace of the Libyan revolution,” declares the sign on the runway of its ramshackle airport. Visitors may be forgiven for not taking the words at face value. Three years after the uprising that began in Libya's second city, the city is being pulled in several directions—not all of them backwards.
Grim aspects are plain to see, especially the city's lack of security. It often echoes to the sound of gunfire and explosions. Earlier this month a hairdresser's shop and a café were bombed. There has been a spate of assassinations. Recent victims have included not just members of the security forces, who are often targeted, but Egyptian labourers, a French engineer and a much-loved local poet famous for publicly reciting their work during the revolution. A Turkish manager is pulling out their staff. “They are terrified,” they say. “It is not worth the risk.”
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
The security vacuum has led to the rise of extreme Islamist groups flying the black flag of jihad over mosques and streets in some of the city's rougher districts and painting it on walls. American drones are often seen and heard over the city.
Yet Benghazians have a good story to tell, too. Their economy has bounced back. Neglected under Muammar Qaddafi's 42-year rule, businesses and buildings are springing up. A new shopping mall is packed with families buying clothes and cosmetics from shops with European franchises. People sip cappuccinos in trendy cafés. A once-drab road known as Venice Street hosts scores of ebullient retailers selling international brands. Cranes dot the city's skyline.
“Benghazi is booming,” says a native business person, smiling at their pun. Passenger numbers arriving at its rudimentary airport have doubled to 2m a year. Many of those flying in are from Libya's diaspora, whose financial clout has helped resurrect private business. Others are potential foreign investors eyeing opportunities in Libya's oil-rich eastern region. Plans are under way for a free-trade zone on the city's outskirts. Local optimists reckon grandiosely that Benghazi could be not just Libya's economic capital but also a trade hub between Europe and the rest of Africa.
But that all depends on security. If the city stays dangerous, such fine hopes will surely be dashed.
× Electric Forest Festival fans announce 2016 acts
ROTHBURY, Mich. – The Electric Forest Festival is announcing the acts for the 2016 festival Tuesday…but not all at once.
Instead of the standard press release, festival organizers have sent certificates and mailers to members of the Electric Forest Festival sub-Reddit and have asked them to reveal the acts for 2016. Reddit.com is a website where fans can discuss all sorts of different topics.
People are making the announcements on the sub-Reddit and on social media. FOX 17 found this one on YouTube.
So far, we have found these names for this year…we think:
Fetty Wap
Greensky Bluegrass
Medicine
For the People
Delhi 2 Dublin (DJ set)
Cubicolor
Evanoff
Gryffin
Kamasi Washington
Slander
Paper Diamond
Sunsquabi
Tennyson
Lance Herbstrong
Lany
Duke Dumont
Bro Safari
Maauer
The Disco Biscuits
Flosstradamus
The festival is June 23 – 26 in Rothbury, Michigan.
Data source: United Nations (Max Fisher -- The Washington Post)
The Sandy Hook Elementary shooting that killed 27, including 20 children, is already generating the same conversation that every mass shooting in America generates: Why are there so many shootings?
One piece of this puzzle is the national rate of firearm-related murders, which is charted above. The United States has by far the highest per capita rate of all developed countries. According to data compiled by the United Nations, the United States has four times as many gun-related homicides per capita as do Turkey and Switzerland, which are tied for third. The U.S. gun murder rate is about 20 times the average for all other countries on this chart. That means that Americans are 20 times as likely to be killed by a gun than is someone from another developed country.
The above chart measures data for the nations of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, which includes all Western countries plus Turkey, Israel, Chile, Japan, and South Korea. I did not include Mexico, which has about triple the U.S. rate due in large part to the ongoing drug war.
The rate in several developing countries, particularly in Latin America, is significantly higher. Honduras, which has been called the murder capital of the world, has an average firearm murder rate that's about 20 times America's. But make no mistake: For a rich, developed country, the U.S. gun-related homicide rate is very, very high.
Prime Minister Viktor Orban said that plans were well under way to finish the construction on the border with Serbia but warned that recent conflict with Turkey could mean more migrants entering the EU. They added: "It is definitely not smart policy that we place our safety in the hands of the Turks, and at the same time we keep pestering them, attacking them, criticising them that they are not democratic enough and generating conflicts with them." Turkey and Brussels agreed to a deal last year that promised Turkey €3 billion of EU aid money to help look after 3 million refugees, plus visa-free travel for its citizens. In return, Turkey agreed to take back up to 72,000 migrants and stem the flow of people trying to entre the EU through the country. The deal reduced the flow of migrants attempting to cross the sea to Greece by 85 per cent.
GETTY Viktor Orban said that plans were well underway to finish the construction on the border with Serbia
Turkey has no obligation at this stage to continue the agreement since the EU has failed to comply with it Mevlut Cavusoglu
But since the terms were agreed Brussels has stalled on the visa-free travel clause because of Turkey's refusal to reform its anti-terrorism laws and Turkey have been involved in a series of clashes with EU officials. Turkish politicians have since threatened to scrap the deal. Turkish President Tayyip Erdoğan has compared Germany and the Netherlands to fascists and Nazis for stopping Turkish politicians from rallying to promote a referendum granting them sweeping new powers. Erdoğan on Thursday said Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte had lost the friendship of Ankara after the diplomatic row. Earlier this week Mevlut Cavusoglu, the country's foreign minister, said: "Turkey has no obligation at this stage to continue the agreement since the EU has failed to comply with it." Another statement from Turkey's EU minister Omer Celik said: "It has emerged that the EU has not kept its word. I am saying this personally: Turkey does not have any obligation to the other side concerning the implementation of this deal.
GETTY Tayyip Erdoğan compared Germany and the Netherlands to fascists and Nazis
"Hence it can reassess it when it wants and in the way it wants. I think the time has come to review it." A spokesperson for the German government said there are no signs that the deal has been suspended by Ankara. The spokesperson added that the number of migrants arriving in Greece continued to be very low in the last few days. There have also been tensions between Austria and Turkey.
GETTY Omer Celik said that the EU has not kept its word
Austria, which is not a NATO member but cooperates with the alliance, led calls last year to halt Turkey's European Union accession talks. Vienna has also spoken out against Turkish politicians holding rallies in European countries. NATO's Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg today urged the two countries resolve a diplomatic dispute that has led to some cooperation programmes being blocked. Turkey, a NATO ally, has withdrawn from some alliance participation - mostly military training - saying the move is aimed only at Austria. They said: "It is a very unfortunate situation and it means some cooperation programmes can't be launched," Stoltenberg told reporters during a visit to the Danish capital Copenhagen.
GETTY Jens Stoltenberg urged the two countries to resolve a diplomatic dispute
TRIPOLI (Reuters) - Libya's new leadership reaffirmed its commitment to democracy on Friday and worked on its priorities for spending billions of dollars released from the frozen assets of fugitive strongman Muammar Gaddafi.
Rebel gather in the Al-Noflea area, close to the city of Sirte, 450km (280 miles) west of Benghazi, September 2, 2011. REUTERS/Esam Al-Fetori
A day after international powers met in Paris and agreed to hand over more than $15 billion to the rebels who overthrew Gaddafi the European Union rescinded a range of sanctions and officials from the National Transitional Council explained their rebuilding plans.
The NTC representative in London said that work on putting right the damage of 42 years of eccentric one-man rule and of six months of civil war should not wait until Gaddafi is found and the last bastions of armed support for them are defeated.
“As long as Tripoli, the capital, is stabilized and secure and safe, which it almost is now, and the overwhelming majority of other cities and towns, then Libyans can get on with the process of transition and stabilization and the new political process,” Guma El-Gamaty told the BBC.
In the eastern city of Benghazi, seat of the uprising, an NTC official said the release of the funds meant the NTC now had to show Libyans it was capable of governing.
“Before we had the excuse that we didn't have money when things went wrong,” they said. “Now we don't have the excuse.”
Gamaty reaffirmed the council's commitment to a “clear road map” to democracy, including a constitution to be drafted within eight months, a referendum and then full elections in 2013.
“By the end of about 20 months the Libyan people will have elected the leaders they want to lead their country,” they said.
As the rebels hunt Gaddafi, a spokesperson for their son Saif al-Islam said they have been traveling around close to Tripoli, meeting tribal leaders and preparing to retake the capital.
In a telephone call to Reuters in Tunisia from what they said was a “southern suburb of Tripoli,” Moussa Ibrahim derided the ability of the NTC to run the country and said their Western backers should negotiate with the ousted leader.
There was no way to verify their comments which, like those broadcast this week by Gaddafi himself, serve as a public reminder to Libyans they remain at large and may pose a threat, at least by means of a guerrilla war, to the new authorities.
Echoing comments made by Gaddafi and their son in recent broadcasts from hiding, Ibrahim said: “Our army still controls many regions of Libya. We will be able to capture Tripoli back and many other cities in the near future. The fight is very, very far from over. Within even a few weeks, a few months, even a couple of years, we will have Libya back.”
In Tripoli, life was returning to normal. Municipal street sweepers picked up litter and spent bullet casings on Martyrs Square, known under Gaddafi as Green Square.
NTC fighters had removed some roadblocks on a main road along the shoreline and more foodstores were open, although water supplies and power remained erratic.
Several thousands of people, mainly women, later gathered in the square singing a new national anthem and carrying banners, which read “For the first time we are free.”
NTC education chief Soliman el-Sahli told Reuters that schools would reopen on September 17, despite some bombed-out classrooms, scarce transport and a curriculum until this year based on Gaddafi's personal “Green Book” — an eclectic account of the “Brother Leader's” views of the world.
STARTING OVER
One unknown in the process of installing an elected president and parliament is when the timetable will start running. The council road map says the process would begin once the NTC declares Libya “liberated” from Gaddafi. Its leaders have said the war will not end until they are found “dead or alive” so it is unclear when liberation might be achieved.
On Thursday, the 42nd anniversary of the military coup which brought them to power as a 27-year-old army captain, Gaddafi, who is now 69, declared their defiance in messages on satellite television.
NTC commanders say they think they are hiding in the tribal bastion of Bani Walid, some 100 miles southeast of Tripoli. There are also suggestions they may be in their hometown of Sirte on the coast, or indeed elsewhere.
“Let it be a long battle. We will fight from place to place, from town to town, from valley to valley, from mountain to mountain,” Gaddafi said in one message.
In later comments they threatened urban warfare.
NTC commanders say they are taking their time trying to cajole pro-Gaddafi holdouts like Bani Walid and Sirte into surrender in the interest of sparing further bloodshed.
A Libyan from Bani Walid said they had been in sporadic contact this week with people in the city.
“I know that two months ago most of the family, the younger children, were staying in Bani Walid,” said the source, who spoke on condition they were not identified.
NATO said it had carried out air strikes on Thursday in the vicinity of Sirte and Bani Walid.
In Libya's third largest city Misrata, rebels said they were reinforcing security to intercept Gaddafi supporters trying to infiltrate the area from their haven in Sirte.
“There are Gaddafi scouts everywhere,” said Ibrahim Obaid, a rebel fighter.
RECONSTRUCTION PLANS
The NTC's reconstruction minister, Ahmad Jehani, and Aref Nayed, a member of the council's rebuilding team, met experts in post-conflict rebuilding from groups including the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and USAID in Paris on Friday.
U.S. and French officials said the meeting was mainly about listening to the council's needs.
The rebel officials said Libya is counting on quickly restoring oil production to revive its economy. Five foreign oil firms are already back and working to resume operations.
“The issue of damage is not much and you can get procurement very fast. This is helped by the fact the producing wells are under contract to international firms, if they feel they can deploy their people,” Jehani said.
Despite having access to some of the tens of billions of dollars Gaddafi had invested abroad, the new leaders will also need short-term aid and longer-term loans to help stave off a humanitarian crisis.
In order for Libya's new leaders to obtain aid from bodies such as the World Bank, they will need to be recognised by the IMF, which says such a move must be supported by its 187 members.
Though dozens of countries have followed the Western powers in recognizing the NTC as Libya's legitimate government, others have had qualms about the use of NATO force to oust Gaddafi.
Many African and developing countries are still uneasy with a process that reminds some of the U.S.-led operations in Iraq and Afghanistan, even if Western leaders are at extreme pains to deny any plan to send in troops or run Libya for the Libyans.
Foreign Minister Antonio Patriota of Brazil, which has not recognised the NTC said this month's U.N. General Assembly would settle the matter of recognition.
The European Union's Official Journal listed 28 Libyan entities freed from EU sanctions as work gets under way to send in supplies and export oil through ports previously controlled by Gaddaf. EU foreign ministers meeting in Poland were to discuss how to help to stabilize Libya.
European powers ended a long standoff with Gaddafi in recent years as they scaled back hostility in return for the development of oil and gas exports. Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski said Europe saw the new Libya as a major energy supplier and ally. “Libya is potentially a wealthy country, key because of Europe's drive to diversify energy sources.”
Slideshow (16 Images)
The huge numbers of weapons circulating in a postwar Libya with unsecured borders pose a risk to Europe and other nations, the European Union's senior representative in Tripoli said.
Agostino Miozzo, special representative of EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton, told Reuters the bloc wanted to see the NTC tackle the security problem by swiftly establishing control over its borders and reorganizing the armed forces.
Live video coverage from Espreso TV of the EuroMaidan protests can be found here
Shakhtar die-hards support Euromaidan
9:27 p.m. Hardcore fans of the Shakhtar football club in Donetsk, the hometown of President Viktor Yanukovych, expressed their support for the Euromaidan movement in a video posted to YouTube and embedded below.
“Glory to Ukraine!” the group of fans chants.
“Glory to Heroes!” others respond.
The slogans were first used by the Ukrainian Insurgent Army and its leader, Stepan Bandera, a controversial figure revered in western Ukraine who is often called a Nazi-collaborator by those in the east.
Link to the Shakhtar ultras video can be found here.
Thousands storm building of regional state administration in Cherkasy
8:30 p.m. Around 20 thousand
people are storming the building of regional state administration in Cherkasy. They
are trying to break in. 10 police officers and 10 officers of Gryfon
division are staying inside the building not to let people in. They've started
using flash grenades and water hosens against participants of the rally. — Anastasia Forina
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=efNUCz2uGuQ
Mayor of Lviv addresses the city residents
6: 10 p.m. Mayor Andriy Sadoviy condemned violence, said that the city mourns the dead and that all expenses and organization of funeral for activist, native Lviv resident Yuroy Verbytskiy, will be handled by the city. They also asked the citizens not to block the public transport to make sure that women with children whose husbands left for Kyiv could access doctors by public transport.”And to wrap it up, none of the laws that violate the constitution of Ukraine and common sense will ever apply on the territory of Lviv city. Good health to everyone. Glory to Ukraine! Glory to heroes!” –Katya Gorchinskaya
Link to the mayor's video address can be found here.
More photo evidence of police torture
5:00 p.m. More photo evidence of police torturing their victims is being leaked on the Internet. The video and photos are of good quality and taken in close proximity to the victims, inside the government quarter surrounded by the police, which indicates that the leak comes from inside the police force. These pieces of evidence suggest a growing discontent within the ranks of officers. —Katya Gorchinskaya
Photo and video evidence of police using torture against protesters are being leaked on the internet. The photo is taken on Jan. 22
VIctims of police torture who were forced to stand on their knees in the snow. The photo is taken on Jan. 22.
Ukraine police strip, beat, humiliate Euromaidan protester in Kyiv in sub-zero temps
4:40 p.m. A video leaked on YouTube shows special Interior Ministry troops torturing and humiliating a Euromaidan activist in Kyiv's Pechersk region. We are posting a link to the video becaus it is graphic. You can watch it here: http://youtu.be/z0zD3pOG-Tk
Unconfirmed reports of third regional council being stormed by protesters
3:58 p.m. Several Twitter users are reporting that the third regional council is being stormed in Ukraine. “Zhytomyr is next! Activists broke through to the building!” tweets @WilloftheNation user. The report thus far has not been confirmed independently. —Katya Gorchinskaya
Two regional councils taken over by protesters
3:39 p.m. The Lviv and Rivne regional councils in western Ukraine were taken over by protesters, Ukrainian media reported. According to Zaxid.net, a crowd of around 2,000 stormed into the building of the regional administration earlier today, shouting “Revolution! Coming in!” Oleg Salo, head of the regional council, a presidential appointee, signed a letter of resignation as a result of the takeover by 2 p.m.
People storm into the Lviv regional council on Jan. 23.
Just an hour later, protesters took over the regional council building in Rivne, but there are few details available. —Katya Gorchinskaya
Yanukovych asks for an emergency parliament session, speaker agrees
3:35 p.m. President Viktor Yanukovych asked Speaker Volodymyr Rybak to call an emergency parliament session.
“You know that the riots that have occurred recently, were accompanied by violence, bloodshed, arson . That is, the present situation requires immediate settlement,” the president said, according to their press service.
In response Verkhovna Rada Speaker Rybak said: “There are so many issues that must be resolved not on Maidan and should be addressed in the session hall. Indeed, the opposition and the majority need to gather and review the issues that have come up: the resignation of the government and the law, which Parliament passed. ” —Katya Gorchinskaya
AutoMaidan leader still missing
3:12 p.m. — AutoMaidan leader Dmytro Bulatov is missing, according to Batkivshchyna member of parliament Volodymyr Yavorivsky and AutoMaidan activist Serhiy Poyarkov. Poyarkov says a missing person report has been filed 30 minutes ago. Poyarkov last spoke with Bulatov before lunch yesterday. Their phone rings, but there is no answer. Anotehr member of parliament, Valeriy Holovko, says six of the beaten and detained activists are in the Darnytsa police station, rather than the hospital. Yavorivsky said that about 30 AutoMaidan activists are either not in contact with the group, detained or hospitalized. — Mark Rachkevych
The beating of Vlad Tsilitski
2:29 p.m., Jan. 23 — EuroMaidanPR, the informational service of the anti-government demonstrators, continues to document cases of alleged police brutality and harassment on its website here and on its Facebook page here. They recently wrote about the charges against Vlad Tsilitski, an exceptional student at Kiev Polytechnic University and a programmer at Samsung. “Tsilitski was criminalized for organizing mass riots and inciting property damage, among several other crimes. Witnesses to these alleged crimes were not present at the trial. The court has decided to retain the defendant in custody for 30 days. Since Jan. 20, Tsilitski has resided in a hospital with a fractured nose, fractured jaw, bruised eye, and a concussion. They were x-rayed in handcuffs and kept behind metal bars. Only lawyers have been permitted accompany him. According to the defense, there is evidence of their innocence.” — Brian Bonner
Vlad Tsilitski
Truce holding, will last until 8 p.m. today
1:50 p.m, Jan. 23 — Opposition leader Vitali Klitschko's request that police and protesters cease hostilities, at least until 8 p.m. today, seems to be holding. The standoff is relatively uneventful today. The political opposition is trying to persuade President Viktor Yanukovych to hold a snap presidential election this year as a way to defuse the nation's two-month-old political crisis. If Yanukovych does not agree, opposition leaders have pledged to step up protests and enlist the support of as many people in the nation as possible. — Brian Bonner
AutoMaidan activists recount their troubles
1:38 p.m., Jan. 23 — From a briefing on last night's ambush by police of an AutoMaidan patrol, given by co-leader Oleksandr Hrytsenko and activists Kateryna Butko and Yuriy Tebenko: 15 men attacked and beaten in Mariinsky Park; women released. All 15 AutoMaidan male activists were detained in various Kyiv police departments. Two are Oleksandr Krovtsov and Volodymyr Zelentsov. Some 9-10 vehicles have windows smashed and blown out tires. Singer Ruslana calls the attack a carefully planned ambush. — Mark Rachkevych
AutoMaidan activists — who lead car caravans to the luxury homes of Ukrainian officials — say police are targeting them for assaults and detention. Their cars are also vandalized, they say, as the one pictured.
12:01 p.m., Jan. 23 — Firefighters have managed to contain the fire and smoke from burning tires, increasing visibility across the barricades separating police from protesters. When the smoke cleared, about 1,000 police wer standing on the other side of a barricade of scorched police vehicles. Protesters continue to bring tires to the front, but have stopped throwing rocks and other ojbects at police. The protest crowd numbers about 2,000 people. — Mark Rachkevych
Titushki encircle U.S. embassy in Kyiv
8:15 a.m., Jan. 23 Several hundred pro-government titushki, or hired thugs, encircled the U.S. embassy in Kyiv late on Jan. 22 and into the early morning hours of Jan. 23. The group hurled eggs at the embassy's welcome sign and chanted held signs that warned the U.S. not to meddle in Ukraine's affairs. — Christopher J. Miller
Video documents violent days in Kyiv from Jan. 19-22
7:38 a.m., Jan. 23 — A group of Canadian-Ukrainians have put together a video of the recent violent days in Kyiv that have unofficially claimed the lives of five protesters, injured at least 300 people and led police to detain 75 demonstrators. — Brian Bonner
A video of the recent violent days in Kyiv
EuroMaidanPR advises on how to get around internet censorship
6:44 a.m., Jan. 23 — The website of the official EuroMaidanPR service is warning that the Ukrainian government might impose censorship and is educating people on how to evade restrictions. “Hi Ukraine. A bit of IT support from far-away Denmark. Below I am introducing tools that may aid in accessing the internet in case of a partial block or censorship. They were made for China, but if Yanukovich is trying something similar, there is no reason they should not also work well in Ukraine. I urge you to install them today, as they may be hard to get once the blocking is on.” More information can be found on the EuroMaidanPR website
EuroMaidan PR says Vinnytsya police refuse to go to Kyiv
6:11 a.m., Jan. 23 — Vinnytsya riot-control police refused to go against Ukrainians as news comes from all over Ukraine that riot police and military are being mobilized to go to Kyiv to quell EuroMaidan demonstrations, according to EuroMaidan PR, the English-language information service of the demonstrators. — Brian Bonner
EuroMaidanPR reports internet, TV outages
6:07 a.m., Jan. 23 — “People from many Kyiv districts and all over Ukraine inform that some TV channels which show EuroMaidan events were blocked. Besides during the evening of Jan. 22, some people in Kyiv had no TV broadcasting and internet access; some had no access to social media,” according to EuroMaidanPR, the English-language information service for the demonstrators. — Brian Bonner
Police raid Red Cross first-aid center on Jan. 22
5:48 a.m., Jan. 23 — The following is video with English subtitles documenting a police raid on a first-aid medical center that treats injured EuroMaidan demonstrators. — Brian Bonner
Arx Pax is moving beyond hoverboards to take its magnetic technology off the Earth entirely. The company on Tuesday announced a partnership deal to bring its magnetic field manipulation technology to NASA, with two specific purposes in mind (and many more to come): first, to retrieve small satellites, and second, to create microgravity environments here on Earth.
"What we're providing NASA is another tool in their arsenal of accomplishing what they want to accomplish," Greg Henderson, CEO and co-founder of Arx Pax, said in an interview with Popular Mechanics. That tool is the hover engine, which creates a strong magnetic field. That magnetic field then interacts with a conductive surface of aluminum or copper to create a secondary magnetic field, which can then be manipulated to attract or repel the engine.
The company demonstrated this tech through the Hendo hoverboard to capture the public imagination, but its real purposes go deeper. It was conceived as a way to stabilize buildings during an earthquake, and it has since been diversified to other applications, including some that could be used in hyperloop concepts.
For NASA's purposes, the system would be perfect for CubeSats—small "microsatellites" designed for light payload missions. Because of their small size, adding thrusters might be unworkable. But if you manipulate them with a magnetic field generated by a larger craft, you don't have to worry about thrusters.
"Such a device would be a big advance and could be very useful for controlling the orbital parameters of a microsatellite," Chris Damaren, engineering professor at the University of Toronto's Institute for Aerospace Studies, said. "This would be particularly useful for formations of microsatellites where one wants to control the relative positions of the satellites. "
On Earth, this same technology would allow NASA to demonstrate microgravity environments. In other words, expensive testing that usually has to take place in space can instead be tested on Earth much less expensively.
The deal will likely net other applications, some of which technologies so new they "haven't even been named yet," Henderson says enthusiastically. But he's confident that, in NASA, Arx Pax has a partner willing to take on some of the more challenging engineering tasks for the hover engine.
"These folks are solving really amazing problems, and they're thinking about the future in the most valuable of ways," Henderson says.
Giaco Furino contributed to this report.
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
A man was taken to hospital after dousing themselves in petrol and threatening to set themselves on fire in a Job Centre.
Police and paramedics were called to Ashton Job Centre, in Ashton-under-Lyne, Greater Manchester, at around 4.30pm on Wednesday afternoon.
The man was taken to nearby Tameside General Hospital but is not believed to have been injured in the incident.
The Manchester Evening News reports rumours had circulated on social media that the man also had a gun with him, but the Department for Work and Pensions, who run Job Centres, said this was not the case.
The Job Centre closed for the afternoon following the incident and reopened the next morning.
In a statement, a spokesperson for the DWP said: “We are aware of an incident at the Ashton-under-Lyne Jobcentre on Wednesday, September 9.
“It is now a police matter.”
A spokesperson for the North West Ambulance Service said: “An ambulance attended and a person was taken to Tameside General Hospital.”
Greater Manchester Police could not be reached for comment.
This is a topic that has been covered numerous times, including several times on this site, but I still find theme and plugin developers that are either unaware of the negative consequences or simply disregard them. I'd like to talk a bit about why exactly removing the default version of jQuery in WordPress and loading one from elsewhere, such as Google, is terribly irresponsible.
The process of removing the default jQuery in WordPress and making it load from Google looks like this:
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 function pluginprefix_load_scripts ( ) { if ( ! is_admin ( ) ) { wp_deregister_script ( 'jquery' ) ; wp_register_script ( 'jquery' , 'http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.9/jquery.min.js' , false , '1.9' ) ; wp_enqueue_script ( 'jquery' ) ; } } add_action ( 'wp_enqueue_scripts' , 'pluginprefix_load_scripts' ) ; function pluginprefix_load_scripts() { if ( !is_admin() ) { wp_deregister_script('jquery'); wp_register_script('jquery', 'http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/libs/jquery/1.9/jquery.min.js', false, '1.9'); wp_enqueue_script('jquery'); } } add_action( 'wp_enqueue_scripts', 'pluginprefix_load_scripts' );
It's an unfortunately very common practice for themes, and some plugins, to do this. Usually the developer does it because they or they believe they are improving the load times of the site using the theme/plugin, or perhaps they're gaining access to new features in the latest version of jQuery that isn't yet available in WordPress core. I've seen themes and plugins do this simply because they read a tutorial that said it was the best thing to do.
The big question is: why is this bad?
There are many reasons, and I will touch on each briefly.
1. WordPress Loads jQuery in noConflict Mode
The purpose of noConflict mode is to help ensure there are not compatibility problems between jQuery and other javascript libraries loaded into WordPress. In short, noConflict mode means that the standard $ short cut used in jQuery (and other javascript libraries) is not usable, and must be replaced with jQuery.
As shown by the WordPress codex,
1 2 3 $ ( document ) . ready ( function ( ) { $ ( #somefunction ) ... } ) ; $(document).ready(function(){ $(#somefunction) ... });
becomes
1 2 3 jQuery ( document ) . ready ( function ( ) { jQuery ( #somefunction ) ... } ) ; jQuery(document).ready(function(){ jQuery(#somefunction) ... });
or
1 2 3 4 jQuery ( document ) . ready ( function ( $ ) { // $ has been declared as a "short cut" to jQuery $ ( #somefunction ) ... } ) ; jQuery(document).ready(function($){ // $ has been declared as a "short cut" to jQuery $(#somefunction) ... });
You can also use your jQuery like this (when in noConflict mode):
1 2 3 ( function ( $ ) { // $() will work as an alias for jQuery() inside of this function } ) ( jQuery ) ; (function($) { // $() will work as an alias for jQuery() inside of this function })(jQuery);
So why is loading jQuery from Google (or anywhere else) bad? It's bad because it is not loaded in noConflict mode, and that can very often result in error messages, such as this:
Uncaught ReferenceError: jQuery is not defined and Uncaught SyntaxError: Unexpected token <
This kind of error happens because the non-standard jQuery library loaded expects you to write your jQuery like this:
1 2 3 $ ( document ) . ready ( function ( ) { $ ( #somefunction ) ... } ) ; $(document).ready(function(){ $(#somefunction) ... });
instead of the proper (in WordPress) way:
1 2 3 jQuery ( document ) . ready ( function ( $ ) { $ ( #somefunction ) ... } ) ; jQuery(document).ready(function($){ $(#somefunction) ... });
Since WordPress loads jQuery in noConflict mode and plugin/theme developers (who are doing it right) rely on jQuery being loaded that way, choosing to force WordPress to use a Google library that is NOT in noConflict mode is hugely irresponsible as it can often result in jQuery errors getting thrown when plugins expecting jQuery to be loaded as default from WordPress are used.
2. Increased Support Load for Other Developers
One of the arguments I often see for loading jQuery from Google (and ignoring the advice of many, many prominent members of the WordPress community) is that "it doesn't cause any problems".
Theme developers (sometimes plugins) often feel it's perfectly acceptable to load jQuery from Google because they have not personally received support tickets indicating there is a problem.
If developers of the themes loading jQuery don't get problem reports, how do they know there is a problem? It's simple: plugin developers get support tickets from users of the theme.
Plugin developers are almost always blamed (by the users) for problems in themes because the plugin is installed after the theme, so when a problem pops up after a plugin is installed, it is naturally assumed that the plugin caused it. When in the case of jQuery conflicts, however, it is nearly always the theme causing the problem. I say it's nearly always the theme simply because plugins that have a need for loading custom jQuery is much further and far between, but that doesn't mean plugins aren't the culprits too.
I have personally spent 100 hours or more on support tickets related to problems caused by themes or plugins loading custom jQuery.
Yesterday a theme developer told me "I have never gotten problem reports about jQuery, so how can it be bad?". They can think that but I know for fact that I (and my support team) have received at least 10 tickets directly related to jQuery conflicts caused by theirs theme.
It is hugely irresponsible as a developer to assume your code doesn't cause problems simply because you don't get reports of it when other developers are giving you report after report.
3. Themes Should Not Modify Core WordPress Behavior
Another topic that has been discussed at length is whether themes should add functional "features" to (or take away from) WordPress. Here's an article I wrote on it for WP Tuts+.
The key point of the discussion is simply that themes should mostly control the appearance of your site and plugins should control the functionality (e-commerce, custom post types, sliders, etc).
Plugins and WordPress itself rely on jQuery for tons of tasks, which means that when jQuery is modified the hundreds of tasks performed by plugins or WordPress core are also modified. In short, swapping out the default jQuery for a different version is a direct modification of the default behavior of WordPress, and a behavior that plugins rely on (and should be able to rely on).
Themes should never take it upon themselves to try and improve the performance of a site, except to ensure that all queries and layouts in the theme are performant. Attempting to improve performance of plugins or WordPress core itself is something themes have no business doing.
Assuming that your needs in a theme are more important than the needs of WordPress core and thousands of possible plugins is hugely irresponsible. There is a very good reason WordPress ships with its own version of jQuery: all developers can safely rely on it.
4. WordPress Updates the Bundled jQuery Version Frequently
One of the other reasons I've heard for loading your own jQuery is that WordPress doesn't always use the latest version available. This is a fair point, especially if the jQuery you are writing requires a newer version.
Interestingly, this is pretty ironic. Want to know what version of jQuery is almost always being loaded on sites that have conflicts? 1.4.4.
Yes, that's right, 1.4.4 (or other similarly old versions).
So the same developers that are arguing that they need newer versions than WordPress ships with are neglecting to update their code to load the new versions?
This is actually probably not so much because of the developers forgetting to update their versions (sometimes it is), but is more likely because a user of the theme has never updated to the new version that includes the updated jQuery. This is really, really common because users simply don't like to update. They especially do not like to update their theme.
A user is much more likely to update WordPress core than they are to update their theme. Know what happens when WordPress core is updated? jQuery is updated. Know what happens when a theme that loads an old version of jQuery is not updated? Conflicts galore.
The easy way to avoid this problem is to simply not offload jQuery.
5. There is One Good Way to Load Custom jQuery
If you absolutely must use a new version of jQuery, then I implore you to please, please do it only via the Use Google Libraries plugin. This is a plugin that will retrieve the Google libraries you need and load them exactly as WordPress code does (jQuery in noConflict mode for example), meaning that plugins relying on one of the core WordPress scripts will continue to function perfectly fine.
It is trivial to require a plugin in a theme.
There is only one reason a theme should ever need to require a newer version of jQuery, and that is simply if the newer version includes methods used in the theme that do not exist in the current version loaded in WordPress.
[divider]
If you do not believe or agree with any of this, I strongly encourage you to write a plugin that relies on jQuery and release it. Once the plugin has been used by a large number of users, I guarantee you that conflicts with themes or plugins loading their own jQuery will be encountered and you will then fully understand why this is so incredibly frustrating.
6. Addendum: Theme Repositories Do Not Permit Replacing jQuery
Many theme repositories, including the official WordPress.org repository and ThemeForest.net, do not permit themes to replace the default version of jQuery. If you wish to have your theme listed in one of the large, popular repositories, do yourself a favor and don't even try.
ORLANDO, Fla. -- Hired in early July last year, this is -- for all intents and purposes -- Brad Stevens' first real trip through NBA free agency. Given all the drama surrounding LeBron James and some of the league's top available names, Stevens was asked their impressions of the process.
"As far as watching free agency, it's hilarious," said Stevens. "Is that the best way to put it? I just sit back and enjoy it."
Yes, most of the league appears in a holding pattern until the likes of James decide where they'll be playing next season.
Celtics president of basketball operations Danny Ainge even needled reporters about the breathless minute-by-minute reports about all things free agency lately.
"I see every one of you [reporters] following your Twitter nonstop trying to follow everything going on in free agency," said Ainge. "I haven't really been worried that much about it. That's going to work out. We just focus on what we need to do and try to get the Boston Celtics better."
Ainge and the Celtics completed a three-team swap on Wednesday with the Brooklyn Nets and Cleveland Cavaliers that brought back center Tyler Zeller, guard Marcus Thornton, and Cleveland's 2016 first-round pick (top-10 protected). Ainge is intrigued by whether Cleveland can lure James with the cap space it created as part of the move.
"Who knows what's going to happen with Cleveland?" said Ainge. "It could end up being a good deal for them. We're all waiting to see what's going on with their cap space. I wish I was in their position."
Ainge was asked how James' potentially swapping teams might change the complexion of the Eastern Conference.
"I don't know, it depends on -- you mean shifting from one city to another in the Eastern Conference?" asked Ainge. "Wherever LeBron goes, the team is a contender. That's how good a player they are."
Ainge, who got Heat president Pat Riley a little riled up last year, was asked if he'd take any pleasure in seeing a rival squad lose the NBA's biggest star.
"No, I don't take any pleasure in anyone's pain," said Ainge. "I know this is a tough business [with] free agency and it's all part of what we all go through. I certainly don't take any joy in seeing great players leave organizations that have been good to them."
Stevens said their focus is on coaching the team and they simply offer advice when Ainge and their staff seek it. The 37-year-old coach finds the free-agency process -- and all the whispers that come with it -- entertaining.
"This is unique because when you draft somebody, you choose them, they play on your team," said Stevens. "Free agency is more like college. It's more like college recruitment and those types of things. But there are still a lot of things that you can't do just because we're all tied by whatever our salary cap restraints are, our roster restraints, if we have positional needs or don't -- all those different things. I'm probably not as caught up in all the talk, but again, it's fairly entertaining to pay attention to."
The current visit by the King and Queen of Spain to Puerto Rico for the seventh Congress of the Royal Academy of the Spanish Language has gotten some media attention, focusing mainly on the importance of the Spanish language in the United States, which is now the country that has the fifth largest Spanish speaking population on Earth. Its Spanish-language channels broadcast to the entire planet, and cities like Los Angeles and Miami have become Latin American enough to be considered two of the main global hubs of Spanish-language cultural output.
Optimism was expressed at the Congress about the future of Spanish in the US, with the internet being seen as a greater challenge than the hegemony and daily influence of English. According to the Associated Press, the King of Spain said:
“Spanish has stopped being a marginalized language of immigrants and has integrated itself as a social language and one of culture in American society,” they said. It is the first time the academy holds its conference in a place where English is so widely spoken, although Gov. Alejandro Garcia Padilla — who apologized for their rural Puerto Rican accent in which R's are gutteral — said Spanish is still the island's dominating language.
I am not entirely sure I share the optimism. The Spanish language in Puerto Rico has not been threatened, mainly, because it has yet to become a State of the Union, but this can't last forever. No territory was meant to be a territory forever, and according to an opinion expressed by the Supreme Court in the case CONSEJO DE SALUD PLAYA DE PONCE, et.al Plaintiffs v. JOHNNY RULLAN, SECRETARY OF HEALTH OF THE COMMONWEALTH OF PUERTO RICO, in portion III.iii, titled Puerto Rico No Longer Remains an Unincorporated Territory:
The court … today holds that in the particular case of Puerto Rico, a monumental constitutional evolution based on continued and repeated congressional annexation has taken place. Given the same, the territory has evolved from an unincorporated to an incorporated one. Congress today, thus, must afford Puerto Rico and the 4,000,000 United States citizens residing therein all constitutional guarantees. To hold otherwise, would amount to the court blindfolding itself to continue permitting Congress per secula seculorum to switch on and off the Constitution.
This opinion is likely to be cited soon when the re-banning of gay marriage by a local bigot judge is presented for appeal in the First Circuit in Boston. The audacity of the conservative activist judge is comically balanced by the way in which their opinion was completely ignored, with the governor ordering courts to continue issuing marriage licenses and recognizing equal marriage “in deference to courts of higher hierarchy”. The Boston court will immediately, almost certainly, dismiss the opinion of Judge Pérez-Giménez and force Puerto Rico's legislature to clarify for once and for all in its laws that gay marriage is legal in the territory, and will have to express with clarity that constitutional protections apply to the American citizens residing on the island.
The opinion that Puerto Rico is now an incorporated territory cites dozens of changes implemented by the courts and by Congress that have evolved the Commonwealth from an unincorporated territory (similar to the US Virgin Islands or Guam) into an incorporated one. This may sound unimportant, but it is not: it is a very politically-charged opinion because there has never in history been an incorporated territory that did not eventually evolve into a state and joined the union. What this opinion basically means–and the reason why no one has yet touched it or commented on it, as it is quite politically charged–is that Puerto Rico has organically reached pre-statehood momentum comparable to what other territories experienced prior to statehood. It is in the process of becoming a state.
Let's now return to the subject of the fate of the Spanish language in a hypothetical future State of Puerto Rico. The only precedent we have for a Spanish-speaking state is the instance when New Mexico joined the union in 1912, with 80 % of its population speaking Spanish only at the time. Let's consider that precedent and what it may mean for Puerto Rico's Spanish language.
The language issue was controversial enough that Arizona seceded from the New Mexico territory prior to joining the union, as the US Constitution makes it difficult for states to form out of another state without the agreement of all parties involved. As a result, and citing racial and cultural differences, and specifically citing their refusal to be forced to learn Spanish in the schools, Arizona joined the union only after it was recognized as a separate sovereign state.
Congress also politicized the language issue during statehood negotiations. According to Albuquerque Journal,
Historian Robert W. Larson, a University of New Mexico alumnus who wrote the definitive history of the drive to statehood, sums up the prevailing obstacle over six decades: “… an unfortunate but instinctive distrust of New Mexico's essentially foreign culture was the last and most durable brick added to the strong wall of opposition that prevented the territory from joining the Union until 1912.” American nativism raised its head again and again as a dubious nation looked at New Mexico and saw “a race speaking an alien language” (as one member of congress put it) and “the heart of our worst civilization … with all the signs of ignorance and sloth” (the New York Times) and made sure the door to statehood stayed firmly closed.
We're all seeing the circus of racism around Donald Trump, and how with their presidential bid he's galvanizing extremists on all sides and threatening to drive the country into a racial civil war. With Puerto Rico's statehood bid, America will have to again face head-to-head its deep, unwarranted shame around its Hispanic heritage.
Let us assume that Puerto Rico statehood does happen–eventually and after a political and media dog-fight between Anglophile and Hispanophile America. The precedent set by New Mexico might help us imagine how this will affect the Spanish language. As a state, New Mexico did not adopt an official language–although states do have that right and PR has two official languages–but was allowed to have clauses in its original Constitution that allowed for special treatment of Spanish as a native language, and ensured that Spanish-speaking Nuevo Mejicanos would have access to education in their language, and that laws that were enacted and other notices from government would be issued in both languages. These laws were revised a couple of times, every few decades, allowing for the original Hispanos of New Mexico to gradually assimilate until, eventually, in order to hold a position in legislature, etc. today one has to be fluent in English.
While in 1912, 80% of the population spoke Spanish only in the territory of New Mexico, today a full century later only less than 30% of the population of the state speaks Spanish at home, according to the most recent census data available. We can expect that many of these Spanish-speakers are not descended from the original inhabitants of the state, but are recent immigrants.
If we include new immigrants and work with the 80/30 figures, we conclude that after one century (approximately 4-5 generations), New Mexicans have lost nearly 60% of the vitality of their native Spanish language and culture as a result of assimilation, migration, and no doubt some level of shame and hostility. Under statehood, Nuevo Mejicanos have experienced huge pressures to assimilate and have lost much of their native culture.
There is no reason to expect that statehood negotiations with Puerto Rico would be any different from those with New Mexico. America has no official language, but it's a de-facto English-speaking country, and Congress has a right to require a gradual process of assimilation as part of statehood negotiations as it did with New Mexico. Outside of these initial constrictions, states are allowed to have their own cultural and language policies. New Mexico's current language policy–which it has adopted together with a few other states–promotes proficiency in more than one language, and it's known as English-Plus.
New Mexican Spanish is its own dialect. It evolved in relative isolation, has as many peculiarities as the dialect of any Latin American country, and is entirely independent from Mexican Spanish. However, today in schools, whenever Spanish is taught, the standard form is from Mexico, not from America. There is little to no awareness, little to no pride, in America's own 400-year-old brand of Spanish.
There have been language revivals in many countries and regions that have succeeded in bringing a language back. Catalunya comes to mind. But we have no indication that such a process is taking place, or is about to take place, in New Mexico. Ergo, upon joining the union at its current 90-95% rate of native Spanish-speaking population–and IF it experiences migration levels similar to NM–if Puerto Rico were to join the union today, within 100 years and all the same patterns were the same as for New Mexico, it would probably only have less than 35% of its population speaking Spanish at home in 2116, after its first five generations.
There are unknown factors that may play into this. America may change. It may come to embrace a stronger sense of its Hispanic and Latin American sub-identity. It's estimated that by 2050, Hispanics will be the majority, but this may not mean much because most Hispanic immigrants lose their Spanish proficiency after the third generation. The isolation that results from living in an island, of course, might be greater than New Mexico's geographic isolation, and result in a higher ratio of Spanish speakers. And finally there's always a small chance the territory might instead be able to either abruptly or slowly disentangle itself from its complex colonial ties and eventually secede and gain its independence, not now but perhaps within a few generations. It would then be the newest country in the world and, in all likelihood, Spanish-speaking.
One of the ironies of the movement that Donald Trump has galvanized around their figure is that it is an indication that real cultural change is taking place and a confirmation of our national awareness that we are becoming hispanicized as a country. But Anglo-America must understand that the threat goes both ways. By annexing Spanish-speaking territories, the engineers of the country also disrupted forever the cultural lives and identities of peoples who, for over 400 years, had spoken Spanish. And in order to undo America's hispanization, it would require convincing the majority of these populations to give up their American citizenship and secede. Don't think it's going to happen. The King and Queen of Spain have some right to their optimism. I wish I could share more of it.
Advertisements
Liberal MP Iqra Khalid tabled the motion following the murder of six Muslims at a mosque in Quebec in January. It called on the government to condemn Islamophobia, study ways to reduce racism, and to improve the collection of data on hate crimes.
The committee was struck as a result of Motion 103, or M-103, passed in March after a heated nationwide debate over its singling out of Islam and its use of the word ‘Islamophobia'.
That viewpoint came by way of Toronto Sun columnist Tarek Fatah who sat before the heritage committee on Wednesday afternoon to explain their opposition to the government's effort to tackle Islamophobia.
The committee wasted little time before hearing from one witness who is convinced that Islamophobia is not a problem, contrary to statements from security officials.
Parliamentary hearings on Islamophobia and systemic racism in Canada kicked off this week, with two days of meetings presenting wildly different interpretations on the issue of anti-Muslim discrimination in Canada.
Read more
Parliamentary hearings on Islamophobia and systemic racism in Canada kicked off this week, with two days of meetings presenting wildly different interpretations on the issue of anti-Muslim discrimination in Canada.
The committee wasted little time before hearing from one witness who is convinced that Islamophobia is not a problem, contrary to statements from security officials.
That viewpoint came by way of Toronto Sun columnist Tarek Fatah who sat before the heritage committee on Wednesday afternoon to explain their opposition to the government's effort to tackle Islamophobia.
The committee was struck as a result of Motion 103, or M-103, passed in March after a heated nationwide debate over its singling out of Islam and its use of the word ‘Islamophobia'.
Liberal MP Iqra Khalid tabled the motion following the murder of six Muslims at a mosque in Quebec in January. It called on the government to condemn Islamophobia, study ways to reduce racism, and to improve the collection of data on hate crimes.
“There remain individuals in the country who do not share our values of inclusion and diversity and hold views that are rooted in bigotry and prejudice,” said Gilles Michaud, deputy commissioner for the RCMP, emphasizing the need for security officials to build relationships with diverse communities.
Read more: Here's what you need to know about the anti-Islamophobia motion everyone is talking about in Canada
Michel Juneau-Katsuya, president of The North Gate Group, a security and intelligence firm, was the second witness on Wednesday and focused on the rise of the far right in Canada — an ideology they described as a greater threat than Islamic radicalism.
Far-right violence “already has many victims,” said the former official with the Canadian Security Intelligence Service (CSIS), calling on politicians to better tackle the problem.
Fatah's testimony took a different tone entirely.
“The issue of Islamist presence in Canada, in the corridors of power, is quite evident.”
“It's impossible [to arrive at a concrete definition of Islamophobia] because the moment you will start to speak the truth, you will be called a racist,” Fatah, themselves a Muslim, told the committee “It's a dead end.”
Fatah is listed as the founder of the Muslim Canadian Congress, a small reformist Islamic organization, which now appears defunct.
While Fatah has advocated for more progressive values within Islam, they have frequently courted controversy for spreading allegations that others have called Islamophobic. They group has advocated for a ban on the burqa and niqab, they have called CBC sitcom ‘Little Mosque on the Prairie' a Muslim Brotherhood-funded propaganda effort and, more recently, been a repeated guest on the far-right media website ‘The Rebel'.
Tuesday's testimony was no less conspiratorial, as they argued that hatred towards other religious groups was pervasive in Canadian mosques, and that Islamist scholars had infiltrated various Canadian institutions.
“The issue of Islamist presence in Canada, in the corridors of power, is quite evident,” Fatah said.
Read more: After weeks of controversy, the Canadian Parliament voted to condemn Islamophobia
The sharply opposing views of Fatah and Juneau-Katsuya came to a head during a question and answer session.
Toronto MP Arif Virani (who is, himself, Muslim) read a tweet aloud to Fatah's fellow witness: “Alexandre [Bissonnette, accused of shooting six worshippers at the Quebec mosque] was not alone and had a Muslim accomplice. Their Muslim accomplice has been made a state witness to avoid any talk of Muslim on Muslim terror.” Bissonette is currently on trial, and police believe they acted alone to murder the worshippers.
Asked if they thought such a tweet should be corrected for spreading misinformation, former intelligence official Juneau-Katsuya agreed. At that point, the MP revealed it was Fatah who wrote the tweet, and turned to them for comment.
Fatah defended himself, saying they would not correct the tweet because they were responding to what had been reported by journalists at the time.
“What happened after that, I'm not privy to,” Fatah said, before being cut off.
While Fatah opposes the use of the word ‘Islamophobia,' they told the committee they support government efforts to fight acts of bigotry against Muslims. They acknowledged that anti-Muslim activity is a real problem in Canada.
That position is similar to the Conservative Party's view. During the hearings, Conservative MPs quizzed Khalid about why they refused to omit the word ‘Islamophobia' from their motion and broaden it to discrimination against all religions.
Khalid, however, refused to engage, deferring to experts who will soon appear before the committee as part of its analysis.
Virani, who admitted to disagreeing with “virtually everything” Fatah said during the hearing, challenged their argument that the motion would silence critics of Islam.
“Isn't your presence here today proof in and of itself that we are embarking upon a study that is promoting a discussion about all forms of racism, including Islamophobia, as opposed to stifling?” they asked.
Fatah didn't see it that way.
“Your diatribe against me proves that had it not been for the Conservatives, I wouldn't be here.”
WASHINGTON — A Secret Service agent was robbed of their gun, badge, radio and handcuffs near the agency's headquarters, according to a police report, the latest in a string of embarrassments for a law enforcement agency charged with protecting the president. The report also lists a flash drive among the items stolen from the agent's car.
The theft was first reported by CNN. The police report, which was filed with the District of Columbia's Metropolitan Police Department, says the agent returned to their vehicle after several hours and noticed that the rear window had been opened. The report says the agent noticed that “a bag with the listed property was taken out of the vehicle.”
Among the stolen items listed in the report were a black Sig Sauer handgun, an APX6000 radio, handcuffs, a USB flash drive, a black Patagonia bag and a Secret Service badge, No. 1266. The report does not say what was on the USB drive.
The CNN report did not name the agent but said they worked in the Presidential Protective Division. The Secret Service confirmed that the items had been stolen from the agent's car, but declined to provide any further details.
Worst. Christmas. Present. Ever.
The Young and the Restless‘ Michael Muhney, who has played Adam Newman for nearly six years, has been let go from the CBS soap, TVLine has confirmed.
Muhney broke the news on Twitter Tuesday, telling fans, “It breaks my heart to say this, but I was just let go from Y&R. My last day on the set is this Thursday.”
RELATED | Are All My Children and One Life to Live Ever Returning?
The Veronica Mars vet, whose final episode will air on Jan. 30, went on to say, “I'm going to take some private time with my wife & kids, as I am most concerned for their well-being… I have 3 final episodes to film, and because they are my last, I will be giving it everything I have.”
A CBS rep declined to comment.
I'm so sorry. It breaks my heart to say this, but I was just let go from Y&R. My last day on set is this Thursday. — Michael Muhney (@michaelmuhney) December 17, 2013
The text of this post was updated and expanded on May 8. It appears in the June 5, 2014 issue of The New York Review.
As the first heavy fighting began in eastern Ukraine in early May, with an attempt by Ukrainian forces to retake the town of Sloviansk, and as violent clashes spread elsewhere, including Odessa, in the country's southwest, there has been a growing sense that a larger confrontation, one that could involve Russia and the West, may be unavoidable. Such a perception is a terrible mistake. There is nothing inevitable about the future course of the conflict. It is absolutely essential for Western governments to focus on what they can do to avoid war, preserve democracy, and keep Ukraine united.
What they cannot do is help the government in Kiev to win with military force in the east. The rebel forces that have taken control of cities of the Donbas, the largely Russian-speaking industrial and mining region in the east, appear well organized, have much local popular support, and are implicitly backed by the 40,000 Russian troops deployed to the Ukrainian border. It would take many months—probably many years—for Ukrainian forces to reach sufficient strength to retake the Donbas swiftly and relatively bloodlessly, or to defeat a Russian invasion of the east and south of the country. Moves to raise Ukrainian nationalist volunteer forces should be strongly discouraged by the West. The intervention of such groups would risk repeating what has just happened in Odessa, where dozens of people were killed in street battles on May 2. It would make a Russian invasion a certainty.
And the West itself will not fight for Ukraine. All the blowhard posturing of US and European government officials cannot hide this essential fact. In these circumstances, to give the unelected interim government in Kiev the idea that we support it with military backing is irresponsible, immoral, and contemptible. Did we really learn nothing from the experience of Georgia in 2008? For that matter, did we learn nothing on the playground at the age of six?
If Ukrainian forces continue their assault on rebel strongholds in eastern Ukraine, then only three things can happen, separately or in sequence: they will be beaten back with the help of Russian weaponry, which has so far been used to shoot down three Ukrainian helicopters at Sloviansk; they will retake one or two towns, after which Russia will reinforce other towns with lightly disguised Russian special forces, making their capture much harder; and if Ukrainian forces resort to heavy weaponry to blast the rebels from their positions, Russia will invade. The only question then will be where the Russian army will stop: whether Moscow would be content to hold the Donbas, as it previously held South Ossetia and Abkhazia as quasi-independent statelets formally still part of Georgia, or whether it would go on to seize half of Ukraine.
What is truly strange and terrible about this looming disaster is that all the leading players already know and agree about what the only solution can be, even if they disagree on the details and the timing: a federal Ukraine with elected regional governments and robust protection for regional interests. This, not further separation, is what Moscow is proposing; and this is what the Ukrainian interim president, Olexander Turchynov, has publicly hinted at for the Donbas. Although the rebels in Donetsk and other eastern cities have declared the Donetsk Republic, many easterners, too, have indicated that they want some kind of federalization and not independence or annexation to Russia. As interviews published in The New York Times on May 4 make clear, even some rebel commanders themselves hope to keep Ukraine united.
It is extremely important to note that regional autonomy—accompanied by a threat of independence—is what the government of the western region of Lviv, controlled by Ukrainian nationalists, declared for itself back in February, when it seemed that President Viktor Yanukovych would remain in power and take Ukraine into the Russian-dominated Eurasian Union. If Lviv could demand this as insurance for its identity and interests when the national government was going in a direction it did not like, it is very hard to argue that Donetsk does not have the right to do the same. Nor is there any moral reason why the West cannot support federalization. The United States, Germany, Canada, and half a dozen other Western democracies are all federal states. Of course, we all know that a fundamental moral principle of Western foreign policy is that sauce for the goose can never under any circumstances be sauce for the gander—but to oppose a federal solution for Ukraine on such grounds is ridiculous.
Indeed, a constitutional solution to the crisis has already been supported by all sides—including Russia, the US, and Ukraine—in the Geneva Declaration of April 17, which called for Ukrainians from all parts of the country to disarm and take part in a national dialogue that would recognize regional interests. The problem with Geneva is that it did not set out an outline of the constitutional settlement—which will have to be agreed to in advance before the rebel militias in eastern Ukraine will put down their weapons. There is also of course profound disagreement on the process by which constitutional change should be introduced, and how much regional autonomy should be granted.
President Turchynov suggested a referendum on autonomy for the Donbas to accompany the new presidential election planned for May 25; but on May 6, the Kiev government announced that the referendum on autonomy would be delayed until after the presidential election, and there is a question whether the presidential election can take place on schedule, or before peace is restored. Nor, given the precedent in Lviv and the current protests elsewhere in Ukraine, can a case be made for a special status for the Donbas region alone. Far better to have an equal federation across the whole territory of Ukraine. (As for Crimea, we will have to content ourselves with formal statements to the effect that we regard Crimea as still legally part of Ukraine, while in practice making Crimea the subject of separate processes and talks—rather as with the northern Cyprus issue in the past. Unfortunately, if we make a peace process in Ukraine conditional on Russia giving up Crimea, there will be no peace process.)
National and regional elections under a constitution agreed to by all parties are the only way of giving ultimate power over their local affairs to the people of eastern Ukraine, and taking it away from the pro-Russian gunmen who have seized control of much of the region, and from the Russian government. By contrast, for Kiev to continue its military offensive may only empower the pro-Russian gunmen, the Ukrainian ultranationalist militias, the separatists—and Vladimir Putin.
Reality and the long experience offered by such conflicts show that agreement on a new federal constitution for the country as a whole must be reached first, and ratified by a national referendum. The rebel militias in eastern Ukraine and the camp of demonstrators on the Maidan in Kiev should both agree not to use force and not to disrupt such a solution—since clearly neither regional nor national democracy is possible if governments have to submit for approval to unelected crowds. Elections for the presidency, parliament, regional assemblies, and regional governorships can then be scheduled to take place simultaneously later in the year. Ideally, some kind of observer force would need to be put in place with backing from the United Nations and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe ( OSCE ) to report on compliance by all sides.
Throughout this process, Ukrainian forces must continue to hold their positions at airfields and military bases in eastern Ukraine. This will prevent a repetition of the experience of Crimea, where Russia was able to disarm and expel Ukrainian forces. To do this, Russia would have to send in its own army to attack the Ukrainians—something that it is clearly unwilling to do, and that would of course bring all negotiations to an end. The continued presence of Ukrainian forces in eastern Ukraine will be a guarantee that under a new federal constitution, the region will remain a constituent part of Ukraine—without the appalling risks (indeed, the near certainty of defeat and complete secession) that stem from the Ukrainian army attacking the local militias in their urban strongholds.
Since the tragic killings in Odessa, it is no longer possible to deny that the Ukrainian crisis involves a serious threat from extreme nationalist groups as well as pro-Russian ones—and some of the extreme nationalists are sitting in the present interim government in Kiev. On the other hand, Russia undoubtedly has armed local allies in eastern Ukraine, which it has strengthened with some disguised Russian officers. But the masses of civilians who have blocked the path of Ukrainian troops in the Donbas show that the rebels also enjoy a very considerable measure of local support.
What all this reveals is something that should have been blindingly obvious ever since Ukraine became independent in 1991 and that is deeply rooted in Ukrainian history: Ukraine contains different identities, and cannot be ruled unilaterally by one of them alone, or pulled in a single geopolitical direction, without risking the breakup of the country itself. The huge demonstrations in Kiev this winter showed that Yanukovych's and Moscow's hope of taking Ukraine into the Eurasian Union was impossible, because many Ukrainians would literally give their lives to prevent it.
Now, events in the east and in Odessa make clear that a Ukrainian state that defines itself purely in pro-Western and anti-Russian terms is also out of the question, because a great many Ukrainians will not tolerate this either. In these circumstances, it is no good for one side to hope for absolute victory. When Russia tried for this with Yanukovych, the result was a fiasco, which among other things destroyed Russia's influence over Ukraine as a whole. The West is now risking an even greater failure in the opposite direction.
Critics of federalization say that it would allow Russia to block Ukrainian moves toward NATO and the EU. What is surely apparent, however, is that Moscow and its allies in Ukraine have already done this. The goal of the West must be to get all the opposing forces in Ukraine off the streets and back within a legitimate democratic process that is recognized by a majority of Ukrainians, and that will allow the possibility of economic and political reforms by democratic means. Time is short. We saw again and again, in the Balkans, the Caucasus, and elsewhere in the 1990s, that once fighting begins, previously possible solutions quickly become impossible. This would be a tragedy—Ukraine does not need to be Yugoslavia or Georgia.
Contrary to what is said in much of the Western media, most of Russia's allies in eastern Ukraine are not separatists. Rather, what many in the Donbas fear is that a government in Kiev—one that is either unelected or elected by a small majority, and that is under the sway of extreme nationalist demonstrators—will be able to decide their fate unilaterally. Thus they are deeply opposed to the interim government in Kiev, but many of them continue to envision being a part of a federal Ukraine in which they would have greater autonomy and recognition of regional rights and interests, rather than full independence. Until now, every opinion poll and election in the east has also suggested this.
But once a few hundred people have been killed, this reasonable position will quickly be destroyed. To return power to a reasonable majority, the international community must put forward the outline of a constitutional settlement on which a majority of Ukrainians can agree. It is hopeless to expect that the opposing sides themselves will be able to abide by a compromise proposal on their own, without outside help.
Germany, as the Western country with the greatest influence on Russia, will be crucial to any solution. The German government has indeed called strongly for a resumption of the Geneva talks with Russia, but it has also insisted that the presidential elections take place as scheduled on May 25. This is both impractical and hard to envisage diplomatically. Instead, Berlin should adopt a strategy that calls for national and regional elections under a new constitution, and puts forward a clear plan for democratic federalism, not as Russia's plan, but as Germany's, and in accordance with Western democratic values. The process of adopting this constitution could then take place under UN and OSCE auspices.
Such a proposal from such a source would, I believe, be very hard for Washington, Moscow, and Kiev to reject. By acting in this way, Chancellor Angela Merkel and Foreign Minister Franz-Walter Steinmeier have the chance to go down in history as true statesmen, who compensated for some of the past disasters of German history by saving Europe from a terrible and unnecessary war.
There is nothing noble in being superior to your fellow man; true nobility is being superior to your former self.
~Ernest Hemingway
Last year, eCommerce giant Amazon.com made headlines when their overly competitive corporate culture was publicly exposed. In Amazon's culture of Purposeful Darwinism, employees are put through the stress of achieving detailed performance metrics, and team-members are encouraged to rip apart their colleagues' ideas in meetings. Those who make it through are rewarded, and the rest cry whee whee whee all the way back to LinkedIN to look for a new job.
These revelations abhorred readers but one fact could not be ignored…
The system works for Amazon. Their stock price has more than tripled in the last five years as they continue to innovate such ideas as delivery drones, their own operating system (Fire OS), and a grocery delivery service (Amazon Fresh).
It's no mistake that Amazon co-opted the term Darwinism to describe their management strategy. In nature, survival of the fittest reigns supreme, but fitness is not always about internal competition. Different organisms have all developed different strategies to be successful. Some animals, like tigers, are highly territorial, competitive, and aggressive. Other animals, like bees, survive because they work together.
Amazon thrives on competition. Other companies like Microsoft and Adobe abandoned highly competitive strategies like stack-ranking years ago, and are implementing strategies to create more collaborative workplaces. Their stocks have also risen and innovation at both Microsoft and Adobe has continued to grow. So what is the more effective management strategy for your business – competition or collaboration?
A Business is a Tribe
To answer these questions, let's look to the New York Times best-seller, Tribal Leadership: Leveraging Natural Groups to Build a Thriving Organization. The authors define a tribe as a group between 20 and 150 people who emerge based on the language they use to describe themselves, their jobs, and other people. If your company is larger than 150 people, it is considered a “tribe of tribes”, and these principles still apply.
According to TL, all tribes operate in one of these 5 stages at any given time (note how collaboration and competition play a role in each):
Stage 1) This is a place of “despairing hostility” where people (dys)function under the philosophy that life sucks. Thankfully this is only about 2% of American professionals.
Stage 2) The theme for the 25% of workplace tribes who operate at this stage is, “my life sucks”. Despite the fact that this is a marked improvement from the despair found in Stage 1, pervasive apathetic victimhood controls here.
Stage 3) This is the competitive culture that controls at about half of all American workplaces. The philosophy here is, “I'm great, and you're not”. Lone warriors believe that knowledge is power and they are unwilling to share it. The goal is to win at the expense of everyone else. Sound familiar?
Stage 4) Welcome to the collaborative culture where everyone seems happy, inspired, and genuine (approximately 22% of American businesses). This culture operates under the philosophy that, “we're great”. For this group the competitor lies outside the company (for us it's not a specific competitor but rather outdated business practices like command and control management). Accountability to a set of shared core values and to the company mission inspires people to do their best work.
Stage 5) This culture's theme of “life is great” will likely offend the sensibilities of stages 1, 2, and 3. Stage 5's “innocent wonderment” influences a belief that they have infinite potential to work towards global impact.
Organizations that have moved along to higher stages are values and purpose driven. At these stages, workplace stress declines, employee engagement improves and employee turnover drops. People ultimately want to be part of a company where they are driven toward lofty goals, not driven away from negative repercussions like constant management rebukes and threats of termination.
Collaboration vs. Competition
Let's take a closer look at these two general types of management strategies.
Advantages of Collaborative Cultures:
– People feel less at risk of losing their jobs, leading to lower stress levels.
– Creativity improves because people are able to access their higher brain functions instead of staying in fight or flight mode.
– Innovation improves because people are more willing to bounce ideas off each other without fear or reprisal, or having others steal their ideas.
– Morale improves company-wide because people feel better and more inspired about coming to work.
– When employees have access to one another's ideas, projects move faster and result in higher quality products and services.
– In this HBR article, Adam Grant analyzes a study of over 3,500 business units across many industries. The study found that collaborative companies were more profitable, productive, and efficient, with higher customer satisfaction and lower turnover. Their employees “build cohesive, supportive cultures that appeal to customers, suppliers, and top talent alike”.
Advantages of Competitive Cultures:
– People are motivated to perform more than just the minimum.
– People are driven (through fear) to achieve goals which leads to the perception of increased personal power.
– Some people thrive in highly competitive environments and are driven to outperform others.
When I look at this comparison, it appears that competitive cultures are mainly beneficial because they can move the 31% of businesses who are mired in stages 1 and 2 into the more successful stage 3. Employees who are driven towards personal accomplishment are far more valuable than those who are just trying to do the minimum while hoping that nobody bothers them. But for those cultures who wish to step into true global impact, collaboration is imperative.
The crux of the collaboration/competition argument was stated in Tribal Leadership by Bob Tobias (Who's that? As general counsel for the National Treasury Employees Union, Tobias won a $533-million judgment against Richard Nixon on behalf of every federal employee):
I would ask what their goal is. If it's to win, keep on doing [internal competition]. If it's to make a larger impact, how do you create relationships to get what it is you want them to do? You can't do it by yourself; you have to work with others.
The Modern Enterprise Problem
But winning today is not as simple as it used to be. Technological advancement means that new products and services (including those of your competitors) can penetrate the market in years, not decades. Innovation must occur far more rapidly these days for businesses to stay competitive.
In this study of over 30,000 public firms over 50 years conducted by Martin Reeves, Simon Levin, and Daichi Ueda, businesses today are disappearing six times faster than 40 years ago. The authors believe that these businesses fail to adapt to the more complex modern business environment.
When tension exists between what is good for individual agents and what is good for the system, collapse is inevitable. To succeed, company leaders must create a context for behavior instead of micromanaging individuals.
In other words, creating a values-driven culture that emphasizes autonomy and collaboration, is far more adaptable and therefore more likely to succeed. Ironically, Amazon's Purposeful Darwinism applies principles of adaptation within the organization, but ignores the need to adapt to a competitive marketplace. Big picture? Collaboration and innovation are what influence success, not fear tactics.
One of the most critical components of corporate survival today is the feedback loop. According to the authors, “feedback is the mechanism through which systems detect changes in the environment and use them to amplify desirable traits”. This means that leaders must create mechanisms to gather information and innovative ideas from front-line employees by encouraging them to share openly.
According to Reeves, Levin, and Ueda, collaboration is the managerial strategy that is scientifically proven to work:
In society, complex adaptive systems require cooperation in order to be robust; direct control of system participants is rarely possible. Individual interests often conflict, and when individuals pursue their own selfish interests, the system overall becomes weaker, and everyone suffers.
The Neuroscience Behind Innovation
It appears that collaboration is more sustainable in today's highly competitive environment from a management strategy perspective. But what works best for each individual employee?
Competitive environments shut down the part of the brain that sparks those innovative thoughts which can keep businesses steps ahead of their competitors.
Science shows that when people feel unsafe, they are unable to access their pre-frontal cortex. This is the part of the brain responsible for abstract thinking, planning, and thought analysis. Amy Arnsten, a neuroscientist at the Yale School of Medicine, explains that we are designed to shut off this part of our brain when we feel threatened.
So when managers yell at employees, or when environments are overly-stressful, a more primitive part of the brain is activated – one that is adept at split-second decision making. Even mild stressors in relatively unsafe environments can shut down the higher brain functions responsible for our best and most creative work.
And the opposite is also true. When we are alert and feel safe, “arousal chemicals” in the brain give us the power to think critically, retain information, and plan for the future.
Collaboration Wins! Yay! What Now?
If you are looking to develop a more collaborative environment, these elements are a must:
1) Leaders must set clear goals. In their Forbes article, What Makes Collaboration Actually Work in a Company?, Kare Anderson shares the views of Cisco executives Ron Ricci and Carl Wiese. According to Ricci and Wiese, “ambiguity generates distrust, resistance, and fiefdom fighting”.
2) Transparency improves collaboration. According to Bob Marsh in their contribution to the SalesForce Blog, openly sharing sales leaderboards introduces light competition. The visibility created opens opportunities for coaching and learning between sales reps. (Of course, management has to prioritize collaboration over competition for this to be effective).
3) Modern office spaces have evolved away from cubicles and closed doors. Open layouts allow people to keep the culture strong and connected, while larger semi-private spaces allow for spontaneous collaboration opportunities.
4) Collaboration tools like Slack and Basecamp allow remote employees to work together on team projects and keep other teams up-to-date on progress.
5) Employees need metrics to measure their performance, if they are to become “superior to their former selves”. These include setting weekly goals and accomplishments, quarterly objectives, and other metrics specific to individual roles.
Company cultures that encourage collaboration, high-performance, trust, and entrepreneurialism, feed into each employee's internal personal barometer for success. Creative people who are internally motivated need safe environments so that they can consistently bring fresh ideas to the table and allow their business to stay competitive.
In this sense collaborative environments are spaces where employees work together, but where they are also in constant competition with themselves to execute ideas and become better today than they were the day before.
Read on: 5 moe articles to help you : 5 moe articles to help you improve your management skills.
Image Credit: Ralf Κλενγελ
June 5, 2012
Michael Billeaux , Phil Gasper , Paul Pryse and Katie Zaman analyze the recall election against Scott Walker--and explain why the union-buster seems likely to win.
WISCONSIN VOTERS will go to the polls on Tuesday, June 5, for the recall election that pits the hated Republican Gov. Scott Walker against Tom Barrett, the mayor of Milwaukee and the same Democrat that Walker defeated in the 2010 regular election.
In Wisconsin and across the U.S., huge numbers of people who were inspired by the uprising early last year against Walker and their union-busting austerity program are hoping Walker will be kicked out of office.
Unfortunately, opinion polls over recent weeks show Walker with a narrow but consistent lead over Barrett.
If those polls hold up, it will be a painful loss for the movement that emerged from the uprising, when thousands of unionists, workers, teachers, students and citizens of Wisconsin occupied the state Capitol in response to Walker's "budget repair bill" that attacked public-sector unions and slashed away at social programs.
The occupation was ended by labor officials and Democratic Party leaders who argued that energy should be redirected into recall efforts against Walker and Republicans in the state senate.
The recall of Republican state senators did win two seats for the Democrats, but that wasn't enough to overcome the GOP majority.
As for Walker's recall, an army of volunteers gathered 900,000 verified signatures to initiate the process. Unions spent $4 million on its failed contender in the Democratic primary, Kathleen Falk, and then millions more on the general election.
For their part, Walker has pulled in tens of millions of dollars in campaign contributions from wealthy out-of-state donors to finance their campaign. But the Democratic Party itself is ultimately responsible for its candidate's poor performance.
EARLY ON, the Democrats conceded the debate about unions to Walker. During the Senate recall races last summer, Democrats quietly dropped restoring collective bargaining and union rights from their campaign speeches.
In this spring's primary to choose a candidate against Walker, other Democrats attacked Falk, a former Dane County Executive and the labor leadership's favored candidate, as being in the pocket of unions. In an op-ed supporting Barrett, former Madison Mayor Dave Cieslewicz jabbed at Falk: "A candidate beholden to big unions is no more appealing to independent voters than one who answers to the Koch brothers."
During a debate with Walker, Barrett made a point to mention that they were not labor's candidate. Rather than put up a defense of unions, the Democrats have treated them as supporters of "special interests" and an embarrassment.
Barrett has ceded further ground to Walker on austerity. Walker's rationale for budget cuts has been a familiar one: the state is out of money and needs to control its expenses. Yet despite the fact that Wisconsin's corporations are taxed at a rate below the national average--and that the current tax burden is primarily on Wisconsin's middle class rather than the rich--Barrett made no attempt to challenge Walker's claims.
Instead, Barrett emphasized that they won't increase taxes on corporations and the wealthy. They told a Milwaukee radio station, "It is certainly my hope that by the end of my first term, at the end of my second term, and at the end of my third term that Wisconsin will take in less tax revenues from its citizens and businesses each year."
While Barrett says they will reverse corporate tax cuts that Walker passed in January 2011, the Milwaukee Journal-Sentinel reports that "he doesn't want to raise taxes beyond the levels they were at when Walker took office." This means that while Barrett could shift some priorities around, they wouldn't be able to restore most of Walker's cuts, including $1.25 billion taken from education and $500 million from Medicare.
During last year's uprising, Barrett proposed an "alternative budget repair bill" that included Walker's cuts to benefits and pensions, but extended them to police and firefighters, whom Walker had spared.
Wisconsin Democrats have complained that the national party has not channeled enough resources into the recall campaign. But when the Democratic National Committee did get involved, it was to reinforce the same political message--by sending former President Bill Clinton, who enforced neoliberal policies at the national level in the 1990s and who recently praised Mitt Romney's business record, to campaign with Barrett.
The right-wing Wisconsin Club for Growth has put up billboards pointing out that Barrett used Walker's anti-union Act 10 to extract concessions from Milwaukee municipal employee unions last year. This gave the right more ammunition to claim that Walker's measures were necessary.
Walker has also deployed a "divide-and-conquer" strategy to pit private-sector workers against public-sector workers, depicting public employees as a privileged caste living off other people's tax dollars.
The myth of the overcompensated public employee has been debunked thoroughly. However, in a state with a declining manufacturing sector and high unemployment in rural areas, many people see little reason to stand up for the collective bargaining rights of 130,000 unionized public employees.
Kathy Cramer Walsh, a UW political science professor who surveyed political attitudes in northern Wisconsin, told the Capital Times: "Many of the people's take was 'Here I am, working hard, I haven't fixed my teeth in seven years, and I'm paying high taxes for these great [public] pensions.'"
But Wisconsinites aren't lost to right-wing ideology. A poll by Marquette University Law School found that 65 percent of registered voters in Wisconsin favor higher taxes on the rich, 67 percent oppose cuts to education, and 57 percent oppose kicking people off BadgerCare, Wisconsin's low-income health care program.
Although Walker's baiting of public employee's has gained some traction, labor could counter their "divide-and-conquer" tactics by supporting universal health care and access to education, and putting the blame for the budget crisis on corporations and the wealthy.
Creating this class-wide solidarity would require a new kind of labor movement--one closer to a social movement, including organized and unorganized workers, rather than the current service model of unions as "insurance companies and grievance machines," to use the words of author Stanley Aronowitz.
Unions must challenge austerity and insist that the rich pay for the crisis they caused. But this can only happen if labor breaks with the Democrats and their neoliberal politics.
ALTHOUGH THE Wisconsin labor movement has almost universally fallen in line behind Barrett, one Wisconsin local offered a glimpse of what a new labor movement could look like.
The Teaching Assistants' Association (TAA) at the University of Wisconsin-Madison, the union representing graduate student employees, voted--in a controversial and close decision--to withhold endorsement from Tom Barrett at the last membership meeting of the semester.
At a membership meeting in March, the TAA had previously voted to withhold endorsement from Falk, too. Though Falk was the union leaders' top choice, they would not agree to the goal of a full restoration of Walker's public-service cuts or a restoration of public workers' benefits. They also campaigned on their record of slashing $10 million from workers' wages and benefits "without taking away collective bargaining rights," while they were Dane County Executive.
Members of the TAA who opposed endorsing Falk or Barrett argued that the original aims of the Wisconsin uprising in winter 2011--that is, to kill the bills attacking union rights and drastically cutting social services--must not be reduced to the electoral aims of forcing Republican politicians out of their seats.
After the primary, other TAA members argued that the union should "Grin and Barrett" and support Barrett's campaign, even though they are not the ideal candidate, because they are now the only chance to unseat Walker. Recalling Walker has for many become the only way to imagine victory, and there was immense pressure to campaign for him.
But this political orientation, which puts winning elections--and more specifically, electing Democrats--at the center of movement strategy, is what led to the dismantling of the Capitol occupation last year and continues to threaten the vitality of the labor movement.
While rightly identifying the danger of Republican politicians, labor's Democratic supporters ignore the fact that forcing workers to pay for the economic crisis and undermining the power of unions are points of broad consensus between the Democratic and Republican Parties.
As AFSCME Local 171 member Mike Imbrogno said of their union in an interview with the Isthmus, "We supported [former Democratic Gov.] Jim Doyle when they ran on reducing the state workforce by 10,000 jobs, and we gave them money to do that. Why are we paying for them to lay us off and to furlough us?"
If Walker wins on Tuesday, it will be a blow to many people's morale. But we shouldn't forget that in a period of rising class struggle on a national and global scale, it remains possible to build a fighting labor movement here in Wisconsin and elsewhere. Whoever occupies the governor's seat on June 6 shouldn't anticipate an end to the battle. The future of our movement will depend on taking an independent stand for workers.
10-year-old Shay Greaves with the offending carving tool (Picture: Ross Parry/SWNS)
A mother was left horrified after their 10-year-old son returned form Tesco's supermarket with a pumpkin carving kit which included a sharp serrated blade.
Natalie Greaves from Sheffield in South Yorkshire described their reaction to Shay returning home with the one pound kit: ‘I went berserk when they came home with it.
‘I couldn't believe that they could pick that sort of thing up as a child – there should have been an age restriction on it.'
The mum-of-three checked online and found similar carving kits with restrictions allowing only people over-18 to buy it.
Similar products carry over-18 restrictions (Picture: Ross Parry/SWNS)
A Tesco spokesperson responded to this mother's anger: ‘We follow a strict Think 25 policy.
‘We were concerned by this incident and acted immediately to ensure all pumpkin carving knives will trigger an age restriction till prompt.'
Introduction:
It often happens on this site that I set out to write a simple article and realize after I begin that I just have a lot to say about the subject. It happened when I reviewed Patrick McCabe's novel Breakfast on Pluto; it happened when I analyzed Steven Spielberg's movie Close Encounters of the Third Kind; and it happened in your previous Mid-week Mission post, on LUFTRAUSERS. Today I want to rectify my last review's rambling by actually writing a simple article about a relatively new indie game, Crypt of the NecroDancer by Brace Yourself Games. Let's see how I do.
Crypt of the NecroDancer is a 2-D top-down rhythm-based roguelike. Right off the bat, if you're anything like me then you're wary of a genre mash-up that seems to have most of its justification in being a quirky gimmick rather than being a well-reasoned basis for gameplay. But I'm now almost 25 hours into my experience of NecroDancer, and I'm ready to start singing its praises (preferably as a duet with the game's vocally gifted merchant NPC).
Roguelike and Rhythm in Crypt of the NecroDancer:
Interestingly, the core mechanics of Crypt of the NecroDancer are closer to the forebears of the roguelike genre than many of its most prominent recent titles (like Spelunky, FTL, and The Binding of Isaac). In addition to the randomization, permadeath, and punishing difficulty shared by so many roguelikes and roguelites, the movement in NecroDancer is grid-defined and the enemies act when you act (essentially retaining the turn-based gameplay that those other modern roguelikes largely abandon).
The rhythm mechanics merely make it so that the enemies are not required to move because of your movement—unless you're playing as Bard—but merely happen to move at the same pace that you do. After you become familiar with the items and enemies, playing Crypt of the NecroDancer becomes an exciting balancing act between strategic decision-making and intuitive action, reminiscent of a much flashier version of speed chess (it seems somehow poetic that one of the bosses is a massive, aggressive chess set).
Now, I'm not a big fan of the rhythm genre in general. The only rhythm games that I've enjoyed, including time with friends and at parties, are the Guitar Hero games and the rhythm-based indie RPG Before the Echo. Other than that, all I can think of are loosely rhythm-based games I have liked, such as the WarioWare titles, Super Hexagon, and BIT.TRIP RUNNER. I have no considerable past with DDR titles, nor with singing games, nor with Elite Beat Agents, nor with Audiosurf. My interest in NecroDancer stemmed as much from the promise of a Danny Baranowsky soundtrack as from the gameplay concepts on offer.
But I have to admit that I've been blown away by the successful integration of these two apparently disparate genres. There is certainly nothing wrong with a mechanical choice that is simple or gimmicky, provided that, as I have previously written, the execution is solid.
Everything about the design of Crypt of the NecroDancer is informed by the rhythm of its songs. This does not feel like a roguelike with a rhythm game tacked on. Not only are movement and action of players and enemies tied to the beat, but the different tempos delineate the advances in difficulty throughout the game (including at least two elements that make use of irregular tempos for added challenge). The designs and behaviors of the enemies are fine-tuned for fast-paced, rhythmic interactions. All of the game's bosses are designed around (or possibly in conjunction with) their music. The levels are perfectly sized to be fully cleared and explored (plus a return trip to the shop) with just about enough time to reach the exit stairs before each song ends the level—though obviously faster strategies are very possible. And, of course, the aesthetics and the story do a reasonably good job of providing further justification for the genre combo.
Customization and Complaints in Crypt of the NecroDancer:
In addition to such strong core gameplay (which comes dressed in a smooth, beautiful example of one of my favorite art styles: pixel art), Crypt of the NecroDancer offers a complete array of training modes, daily challenge runs, and a truly immense capacity for customization.
NecroDancer‘s customization includes a level editor; ten playable characters with unique play styles; different interchangeable soundtracks for different characters; the ability to add custom tracks in place of the game's stock music; support for keyboard, controller, and dance pad; fully rebindable inputs for all three control methods; mod support; and Steam workshop support. So if you ever get tired of any aspect of the game as it is shipped, you can rest assured that there will be numerous alternatives available to you.
The game is not without some minor flaws. First, the item unlock system (as well as the associated item headstart and item culling systems) are entirely irrelevant to the ‘All Zones Mode' that quickly becomes a player's primary focus and goal.
Second, the third character in Crypt of the NecroDancer‘s string of story mode characters represents a jarring upward spike in difficulty, demanding absolute perfection in both strategy and beat while restricted to the game's worst weapon (cutting out one or even two of these restrictions would still make for an interesting progression, and this full suite of punishment could then be reserved for a later unlock).
Third, the gameplay challenges of NecroDancer‘s later bosses implement new mechanics that the player will never have seen until getting all the way there. While these fights are satisfying and fun after you get the hang of them, this state of affairs basically guarantees that no new player will be able to beat the game on the first time that they battle their way to the final boss—this issue is combated somewhat by having those finales become unlocked in training mode after first being reached, but this feels like a patchwork solution at best.
Perhaps the biggest disappointment of Crypt of the NecroDancer for me, though it pains me to say it, may be Danny Baranowsky's soundtrack. And that's not really fair to say, because the music is very good, and I do definitely enjoy it. The problem is that it's very standard fare, and it most assuredly pales in comparison to the stellar atmospheric work they did for the original Binding of Isaac and the tonally perfect soundtrack they provided for Super Meat Boy.
The individual level tracks in NecroDancer tend to blur together (potentially because they all had to be heavily and consistently beat-driven), although admittedly several of the boss tracks are every bit as good as I was expecting the entire soundtrack to be.
Conclusion:
Despite these imperfections, Crypt of the NecroDancer is a fantastically fun game that I highly recommend. It's tough as nails, looks and sounds amazing, and feels great when you're playing well. Add to that its high level of polish and high number of customizeable features and you've got a truly solid title. (As an aside, I think both of those latter attributes can be credited to Crypt of the NecroDancer being a rare example of how to run an early access campaign right—with the full release earlier in 2015 following a not-overly-lengthy period of early access development and clear communication).
The only group of gamers I would probably advise to not get this game would be newer or more casual players; the game doesn't pull a single punch, and assumes that its players' tenacity will see them through (or else the various training features might have to). And while I would also tentatively tell people who are totally averse to rhythm games to skip Crypt of the NecroDancer, the execution and design of the rhythm-based aspects are strong enough to be integral to the game's unique enjoyment, and no one else ought to miss it.
Save
Editor's note: Links to high-resolution images for download appear at the end of this release.
David Ruth
713-348-6327
david@rice.edu
Mike Williams
713-348-6728
mikewilliams@rice.edu
Light and matter merge in quantum coupling
Rice University physicists probe photon-electron interactions in vacuum cavity experiments
HOUSTON – (Aug. 22, 2016) – Where light and matter intersect, the world illuminates. Where light and matter interact so strongly that they become one, they illuminate a world of new physics, according to Rice University scientists.
Rice physicists are closing in on a way to create a new condensed matter state in which all the electrons in a material act as one by manipulating them with light and a magnetic field. The effect made possible by a custom-built, finely tuned cavity for terahertz radiation shows one of the strongest light-matter coupling phenomena ever observed.
The work by Rice physicist Junichiro Kono and their colleagues is described in Nature Physics. It could help advance technologies like quantum computers and communications by revealing new phenomena to those who study cavity quantum electrodynamics and condensed matter physics, Kono said.
Condensed matter in the general sense is anything solid or liquid, but condensed matter physicists study forms that are much more esoteric, like Bose-Einstein condensates. A Rice team was one of the first to make a Bose-Einstein condensate in 1995 when it prompted atoms to form a gas at ultracold temperatures in which all the atoms lose their individual identities and behave as a single unit.
The Kono team is working toward something similar, but with electrons that are strongly coupled, or “dressed,” with light. Qi Zhang, a former graduate student in Kono's group and lead author of the paper, designed and constructed an extremely high-quality cavity to contain an ultrathin layer of gallium arsenide, a material they've used to study superfluorescence. By tuning the material with a magnetic field to resonate with a certain state of light in the cavity, they prompted the formation of polaritons that act in a collective manner.
“This is a nonlinear optical study of a two-dimensional electronic material,” said Zhang, who based their Ph.D. thesis on the work. “When you use light to probe a material's electronic structure, you're usually looking for light absorption or reflection or scattering to see what's happening in the material. That light is just a weak probe and the process is called linear optics.
“Nonlinear optics means light does something to the material,” they said. “Light is not a small perturbation anymore; it couples strongly with the material. As you change the coupling strength, things change in the material. What we're doing is the extreme case of nonlinear optics, where the light and matter are coupled so strongly that we don't have light and matter anymore. We have something in between, called a polariton.”
The researchers employed a parameter known as vacuum Rabi splitting to measure the strength of the light-matter coupling. “In more than 99 percent of previous studies of light-matter coupling in cavities, this value is a negligibly small fraction of the photon energy of the light used,” said Xinwei Li, a co-author and graduate student in Kono's group. “In our study, vacuum Rabi splitting is as large as 10 percent of the photon energy. That puts us in the so-called ultrastrong coupling regime.
“This is an important regime because, eventually, if the vacuum Rabi splitting becomes larger than the photon energy, the matter goes into a new ground state. That means we can induce a phase transition, which is an important element in condensed matter physics,” they said.
Phase transitions are transitions between states of matter, like ice to water to vapor. The specific transition Kono's team is looking for is the superradiant phase transition in which the polaritons go into an ordered state with macroscopic coherence.
Kono said the amount of terahertz light put into the cavity is very weak. “What we depend on is the vacuum fluctuation. Vacuum, in a classical sense, is an empty space. There's nothing. But in a quantum sense, a vacuum is full of fluctuating photons, having so-called zero-point energy. These vacuum photons are actually what we are using to resonantly excite electrons in our cavity.
“This general subject is what's known as cavity quantum electrodynamics (QED),” Kono said. “In cavity QED, the cavity enhances the light so that matter in the cavity resonantly interacts with the vacuum field. What is unique about solid-state cavity QED is that the light typically interacts with this huge number of electrons, which behave like a single gigantic atom.”
They said solid-state cavity QED is also key for applications that involve quantum information processing, like quantum computers. “The light-matter interface is important because that's where so-called light-matter entanglement occurs. That way, the quantum information of matter can be transferred to light and light can be sent somewhere.
“For improving the utility of cavity QED in quantum information, the stronger the light-matter coupling, the better, and it has to use a scalable, solid-state system instead of atomic or molecular systems,” they said. “That's what we've achieved here.”
The high-quality gallium arsenide materials used in the study were synthesized via molecular beam epitaxy by John Reno of Sandia National Laboratories and John Watson and Michael Manfra of Purdue University, all co-authors of the paper. Weil Pan of Sandia National Laboratories and Rice graduate student Minhan Lou, who participated in sample preparation and transport and terahertz measurements, are also co-authors.
Zhang is now the Alexei Abrikosov Postdoctoral Fellow at Argonne National Laboratory. Kono is a Rice professor of electrical and computer engineering, of physics and astronomy and of materials science and nanoengineering. Li received a “Best First-Year Research Award” from Rice's Department of Electrical and Computer Engineering for their work on the project.
The research was supported by the National Science Foundation, U.S. Department of Energy, Lockheed Martin Corp. and the W.M. Keck Foundation.
-30-
Read the abstract at http://dx.doi.org/10.1038/nphys3850
Follow Rice News and Media Relations via Twitter @RiceUNews
Related materials:
Junichiro Kono Laboratory: http://kono.rice.edu
Wiess School of Natural Sciences: http://natsci.rice.edu
Images for download:
http://news.rice.edu/files/2016/07/0725_PHOTON-1-web-2i6v55f.jpg
Rice University graduate student Xinwei Li, with physicist Junichiro Kono, prepares a sample for a cavity quantum electrodynamics experiment. They are part of a team probing the boundaries of light-matter interactions as they bridge traditional condensed matter physics and cavity-based quantum optics. (Credit: Jeff Fitlow/Rice University)
http://news.rice.edu/files/2016/07/0725_PHOTON-2-web-2bekduo.jpg
Rice University graduate student Xinwei Li loads a two-dimensional sample into a testing device to see how its electrons react to terahertz light and a strong magnetic field. The researchers discovered a strong coupling between photons and electrons and said their work could lead to a new way to achieve a condensed matter state. (Credit: Jeff Fitlow/Rice University)
http://news.rice.edu/files/2016/07/0725_PHOTON-3-web-26k19bg.jpg
Rice University graduate student Xinwei Li, left, and Professor Junichiro Kono. (Credit: Jeff Fitlow/Rice University)
http://news.rice.edu/files/2016/08/0725_PHOTON-4-web-1yxaunh.jpg
A method created at Rice University closes the gap between light and matter and may help advance technologies like quantum computers and communications. The lab designed and built a high-quality cavity to contain an ultrathin layer of gallium arsenide. By tuning the material with a magnetic field to resonate with a certain state of light in the cavity, they prompted the formation of polaritons that act in a collective manner. (Credit: Qi Zhang/Rice University)
Located on a 300-acre forested campus in Houston, Rice University is consistently ranked among the nation's top 20 universities by U.S. News & World Report. Rice has highly respected schools of Architecture, Business, Continuing Studies, Engineering, Humanities, Music, Natural Sciences and Social Sciences and is home to the Baker Institute for Public Policy. With 3,910 undergraduates and 2,809 graduate students, Rice's undergraduate student-to-faculty ratio is 6-to-1. Its residential college system builds close-knit communities and lifelong friendships, just one reason why Rice is ranked No. 1 for best quality of life and for lots of race/class interaction by the Princeton Review. Rice is also rated as the best value among private universities by Kiplinger's Personal Finance. To read “What they're saying about Rice,” go to http://tinyurl.com/RiceUniversityoverview.
Jeff Mahuika (Kāti Māhaki, Poutini Kāi Tahu) and Sasha Huber after the karakia, symbolically un-naming the Agassiz Glacier. Commissioned photograph by Tom Hoyle © Sasha Huber.
Sasha Huber, an artist-in-residence at a joint programme run by the Wellington City Council and Massey University's College of Creative Arts in Wellington, is known for their contribution to the long-term project Demounting Louis Agassiz.
Ms Huber, who is of Swiss-Haitian heritage and lives in Finland, says the project is aimed at removing the name of 19th century Swiss-born naturalist and glaciologist Dr Louis Agassiz (1807-73), from a peak in the Swiss Alps.
"Agassiz was a proponent of polygenism – the idea that races were created separately – and scientific racism,” Ms Huber says.
Earlier this month they visited the area of Agassiz Glacier on the West Coast of the South Island. After a welcome at the local marae by Jeff Mahuika (Kāti Māhaki, Poutini Kāi Tahu), Ms Huber and their small production team travelled to the site, between Kā Roimata a Hine Hukatere (Franz Josef Glacier) and Te Moeka o Tuawe (Fox Glacier). There, Mr Mahuika offered a karakia blessing to symbolically un-name and cleanse the glacier of its association with Dr Agassiz.
The glacier was named, by German geologist Sir Johann "Julius" von Haast. “When, in the 1860s, von Haast explored New Zealand for coalfields and goldfields and examined geological structures with regard to railway tunnels, they did so in the interest of British and European colonial society,” Ms Huber says.
“When von Haast named over 100 places after British, German, Austrian, French, Australian, New Zealand, Danish and Swiss scholars, poets, sons of emperors, explorers and scientists (and also after themselves and their son), they did so to endear themselves to the name-bearers and to solidly locate New Zealand within white European culture while at the same time ignoring the Māori perspective,” they say.
Ms Huber is in contact with officials of Te Rūnanga o Ngāi Tahu. In collaboration with Makawhio Rūnanga, they support research for new and appropriate Māori place names for Agassiz Glacier and Agassiz Range, as there are no known Ngāi Tahu names for them.
The artist-in-residence programme that hosts Ms Huber at Te Whare Hēra on Wellington's waterfront is jointly run by the college's Whiti o Rehua School of Art and the council. Te Whare Hēra Gallery will be the venue for the Agassiz Down Under project exhibition from July 7-22.
Associate Professor Heather Galbraith from the school says, “we are thrilled that Sasha Huber has been able to mount such an intriguing and successful project within their very busy residency. It is particularly exciting that through an art work, a space for dialogue with Ngāi Tahu has opened to consider Maori names for the Agassiz Glacier and Range.”
Ms Huber has participated in numerous international exhibitions, including the 56th Venice Biennale and the 19th Biennale of Sydney, and has also been invited to artist residencies in Brazil, Sweden, Norway, Switzerland and Australia. They hold a Master of Arts from Helsinki's University of Art and Design and is currently undertaking doctoral research on racism through the lens of art at the Department of Art at Aalto University, Helsinki.
While in New Zealand, Ms Huber is also continuing a collaborative project with their husband, Petri Saarikko, exploring family-based knowledge of traditional folk remedies called Healers: Action, Dance.
Reggaeton artist El Yonki prepares for their concert in Varadero, Cuba on Nov. 7, 2015. Their spiky hair is synonymous with the genre, as they were the first to come out with the long-on-top, shaved sides look, according to photographer Lisette Poole.
The language can be explicit, the lyrics could be considered immoral, and the genre was once banned entirely by Raul Castro's administration. So how do performers from the now-ubiquitous Cuban Reggaeton scene find celebrity, let alone spread their music in a country where internet connectivity relies on expensive, government-approved WiFi hotspots that are unreliable and inundated at best?
The El Paquete (The Packet), a hard drive that is delivered weekly for a nominal fee, is a significant player in the dissemination of media not accessible to legions of Cubans hungry for information. It is on this semi-clandestine device that proprietors of a phenomenon that has infiltrated Cuban airwaves spread music that has everyone from children to teens to grandparents dancing along.
Photographer Lisette Poole had been living in Cuba for about a year when they noticed Reggeaton music permeating Cuban culture. They amassed tracks from hard drives and approached artists, once in an airport—who despite their star power are much more accessible than their American cultural counterparts. “In Cuba in general I found that people are pretty accessible, even if they are really famous,” Poole tells TIME. “Everywhere they go they get mobbed by young kids who want their autograph and want their picture taken.”
Despite the limitations on connectivity, artists can create songs and videos that circulate “all over Cuba within a couple of days,” says Poole. They say the creation and distribution of Reggaeton content is in ‘constant flow' where artists keep up with a demand for new music.
Reggaeton, which is a style that incorporates elements of hip-hop, electronic music and rap with influences of Jamaican dancehall, is at its core, dance music. “Cubans really love dancing,” says Poole, an American born to a Cuban mother. “And so for them it's more preferable to go out and listen to something that they can dance to.”
The photographer began visiting the country as a teenager and took up primary residence there in late 2014. They say they are motivated to look at the country objectively to “show Cuba the way that it really is, as I've seen it living there. I feel like showing Reggaeton is just part of that."
Lisette Poole is a freelance visual journalist. Follow them on Instagram @lisettepoole. Watch their documentary on Reggaeton, Reggaeton Revolución: Cuba in the Digital Era
Chelsea Matiash is TIME's Deputy Multimedia Editor. Follow them on Instagram and Twitter @ cmatiash .
Small world, isn't it? Gov. Rick Perry's being investigated by a grand jury, and what do they do? They hire as their defense attorney a guy who once tried to rat them out to the FBI. Via Murray Waas at VICE:
In April, as a Texas state grand jury began hearing testimony for a criminal investigation of Governor Rick Perry of Texas, Perry sought to defend themselves by hiring a high-powered attorney named David Botsford. That raised some eyebrows, to say the least. Perry, a conservative Republican, had hired a politically active progressive Democrat as their defense attorney. But within Austin's tight-knit legal community, Perry's hiring of Botsford made perfect sense. Austin, where the grand jury is seated, is a rare progressive enclave in the reddest of states—and the majority of the grand jurors now determining Perry's fate are Democrats.
Perhaps Perry's supporters had reason to be concerned about their choice of attorney. An investigation by VICE has found that Botsford, in the late 1990s, had secretly provided what Botsford claimed was potentially damning information on Perry to the FBI in the hope of instigating a federal criminal investigation of their now client. At one point, Botsford even described themselves as an informer for the FBI in regard to the information they were providing to the agency about Perry and spoke of furtive meetings with FBI agents. They strongly expressed their belief that they had brought the Feds hard evidence of an allegedly illegal stock-trading scheme involving Perry. In 2011, the Huffington Post even ran a false and erroneous account that Perry had been targeted by a federal criminal investigation, based in part on information Botsford provided to the website.
In short, the man now entrusted with preventing a grand jury from bringing criminal charges against Perry once worked just as hard to put Perry in jail.
Botsford did not respond to several phone messages and emails seeking comment for this story. At the time of publication a spokesperson for Perry did not respond, either. A secretary for Botsford told VICE: “Mr. Botsford is a very busy man. Do you know they are currently representing the governor of Texas? If you really wanted an interview, you should have contacted them like six weeks ago.”
↓ Story continues below ↓
Perry has good reason to want to hire the most able—and loyal—attorney to defend him. A special prosecutor, Michael McCrum, impaneled the state grand jury to hear evidence as to whether Perry had broken any laws while using the powers of their office to curtail the funding of the anti-corruption unit of the Travis County district attorney's office at a time when it was investigating an agency of the Perry administration. The Travis County Public Integrity Unit had been investigating whether officials at a Texas anti-cancer state agency had violated any laws by showing favoritism in the awarding of grants to wealthy political supporters and contributors to the campaign of Governor Perry.
In June 2013, Perry vetoed a $7.5 million appropriation by the state legislature to fund the Travis County Public Integrity Unit. The veto of the funds for the anti-corruption unit was apparently legal and within Perry's power as governor. But Perry had allegedly offered to withhold the veto of the funds in exchange for the resignation of the Travis County district attorney, who had been arrested on DUI charges. Unsuccessful in their attempt to unseat the district attorney, they pushed the veto through while simultaneously offering to reinstate the funding for the unit if the district attorney resigned. Because of Perry's pressure on the district attorney and the anti-corruption unit, and their offer of a quid pro quo of forgoing a veto of the funding or reinstating it in exchange for their resignation, the grand jury is investigating whether Perry allegedly abused their oversight and misused their office in what may constitute illegal coercion and bribery of a public official.
“I'm investigating the circumstances surrounding the veto and whether the governor's actions were appropriate or not under the law,” McCrum, a former federal prosecutor for the Western District of Texas who is now a prominent San Antonio defense attorney, said in a recent phone interview. “My duty is to look at all of the laws and determine whether any were broken by the governor or anyone else.”
Solomon Wisenberg, who worked as a federal prosecutor alongside McCrum in San Antonio, said McCrum is a “stellar person and attorney in every sense of the word.” Wisenberg and others described them as meticulous and thorough—a prosecutor “who will leave no stone unturned.”
Botsford is similarly highly regarded among their peers as one of Austin's best defense attorneys. Colleagues and adversaries alike describe Botsford as “bookish” and “congenial” and someone who works zealously but within the rules to defend their clients—descriptions echoed about their temporary adversary, McCrum.“I think if Governor Perry had chosen a Republican lawyer from Houston or Dallas, that would have been a mistake,” Ben Florey, a former Travis County assistant district attorney, said. “David knows the nuances and practices of law in Travis County.”
Although experts say that Botsford apparently did not break any ethical rules if they did not inform Perry of their covert meetings with the FBI, Wisenberg said they believed that Botsford should have told Perry about their actions: “I think you should disclose something like this this to your client. If I were the client, I would certainly want to know.”
The Trump administration said Friday it will not issue a regulation to ensure that hard-rock mining companies can pay for the costs to clean up their mines when they're finished.
The Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) announced the decision late Friday, reversing from a proposal that the Obama administration had issued a year ago.
The hard-rock mining financial responsibility proposal was opposed by the mining industry, Republicans and some red states, but supported by Democrats and environmentalists.
ADVERTISEMENT
It would have applied to companies mining non-coal minerals such as gold, silver, copper or lead, requiring them to demonstrate financial responsibility through means like bonds or insurance.
“After careful analysis of public comments, the statutory authority, and the record for this rulemaking, EPA is confident that modern industry practices, along with existing state and federal requirements address risks from operating hardrock mining facilities,” EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt Edward (Scott) Scott PruittEPA knows this pesticide is dangerous, so why did it reverse the ban? Archives investigation finds no ‘secret' Pruitt calendars existed California has sued the Trump administration 46 times. Here are the lawsuits MORE said in a statement.
“Additional financial assurance requirements are unnecessary and would impose an undue burden on this important sector of the American economy and rural America, where most of these mining jobs are based,” they said.
It is the latest in a long line of regulatory actions Pruitt has taken to undo or weaken Obama administration actions, usually at the behest of the industries that would be impacted.
Pruitt heeded industry complaints in February, shortly after taking office, by delaying the rule and extending the comment period by four months. Two months later, they spoke to a National Mining Association meeting in Florida, according to their publicly released schedule.
A 1980 law required the EPA to examine the need for a hard-rock mining financial rule, and the Obama administration entered into a settlement that set as deadline of this month to make a final decision.
The rule was meant in part to reduce the burden on the federal government to clean up abandoned mines when their owners aren't able to or declare bankruptcy.
The EPA said Friday that after examining the more than 11,000 comments it received and analyzing how the mining industry operates, it found that the industry does not have a financial responsibility problem that requires regulation.
The mining industry cheered Pruitt's decision.
“Today's action shows that reason can prevail,” Hal Quinn, president of the National Mining Association, said in a statement. “Modern, advanced mining practices — coupled with existing state and federal environmental and financial assurance requirements — comprehensively cover the same risks contemplated under the [Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act] program.”
Sen. John Barrasso John Anthony BarrassoOvernight Energy: Trump ends talks with California on car emissions | Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal | Climate PAC backing Inslee in possible 2020 run Dems face tough vote on Green New Deal Dems slam EPA plan for fighting drinking water contaminants MORE (R-Wyo.), chairperson of the Environment and Pubic Works Committee, joined in.
“This mining rule would have cost jobs and hurt Wyoming's economy. It was duplicative and unnecessary. States and the federal government already impose similar requirements on America's hardrock mineral producers,” they said in a statement. “I am pleased that the Trump administration decided this rule was not needed.”
“Innocent until proven guilty” is the bedrock of American jurisprudence. Civil asset forfeiture, a legal process in which the government confiscates your property without a guilty verdict, turns that justice on its head.
Take the case of the Motel Caswell in Tewksbury, Massachusetts. In 2009, owner Russ Caswell found themselves the target of a civil forfeiture claim by the federal government and their local police department, even though they had never been accused – much less convicted – of a crime. It should also be noted that, historically, the motel had a good working relationship with the police, even providing them with free rooms for stakeouts and contacting them about suspicious activities.
The government's basis for seizing the property? Fifteen “drug-related incidents” over a 14-year period – out of around 196,000 rooms rented.
In its reporting on the case, WBUR recounted how a DEA agent testified that it was their job “to seek out targets for forfeiture by watching television news and reading newspapers” and to check the Registry of Deeds after discovering properties where drug crimes had taken place. The Motel Caswell, with a more than $1 million value and lack of mortgage, became the focus of a combined effort between the DEA and the local police, according to the agent.
If the Caswells had lost, the federal government and local police department could have split the proceeds of selling the property under so-called “equitable sharing” – with the police department keeping up to 80 percent of the profit.
With the help of the Institute for Justice, which took on their case pro bono, the Caswells triumphed in court. But not every story gets such a happy ending.
RELATED: The Supreme Court just struck another blow against asset forfeiture abuse
Unfortunately, the Trump administration is moving in the wrong direction on this issue — Attorney General Jeff Sessions wants to increase civil forfeitures. Sessions reversed a 2015 ban on adoptive seizures, which occur when state law enforcement officers circumvent state limitations on civil forfeiture by turning seized property over to federal officials for forfeiture in exchange for up to 80 percent of the proceeds of the forfeited property. The Department of Justice has perversely incentivized police to turn civil forfeiture into an industry by allowing police to keep most of the proceeds from forfeiture. In 2014 alone, the federal government took more cash and property from Americans than did burglars.
A major problem with civil forfeiture is that it does not reflect the fundamental presumption of innocence that is vital to our nation's criminal justice system. The Fifth Amendment protects Americans from being deprived of their property without due process of law, yet civil forfeiture allows the government to take an individual's property without first proving guilt. To add insult to injury, as Justice Clarence Thomas recently wrote, “These forfeiture operations frequently target the poor and other groups least able to defend their interests in forfeiture proceedings.”
RELATED: Trump wants to fire Sessions for the wrong reason
Civil forfeiture must be reined in, which is why I led my colleagues in a bipartisan letter to the Department of Justice asking for Attorney General Sessions to rescind its expanded use. Additionally, earlier this year, I introduced the Fifth Amendment Integrity Restoration (“FAIR”) Act. This bill would restore the principle of “innocent until proven guilty” and would require the government to bear the burden of proof that a property owner knew their property was used in criminal activity before it could be confiscated. It would remove the profit incentive of civil forfeiture and restore the motivation to law enforcement of public safety, not financial rewards.
Finally, the bill would eliminate the federal equitable sharing program and ensure that law enforcement cannot ignore state law.
We should not let criminals keep the profits of their crimes, but we must also uphold the fundamental idea that the government should not be able to deprive Americans of their right to property before proving guilt.
Budget Magic: $91 (31 tix) Demon Fling Jund (Standard)
by SaffronOlive // Aug 16, 2017 Tweet
video budget magic standard hour of devastation
Bööresth, Budget Magic lovers, it's that time again! Every since Fling was reprinted in Amonkhet, I've been trying to figure out a way to make it work in Standard. Metalwork Colossus is a pretty reasonable creature to throw at the opponent, but it still only adds up to 10 damage. Ravenous Intruder can get up to 20 power, but it takes a lot of work to make it happen (and also some luck to dodge Fatal Push). Electrostatic Pummeler gets big, but Flinging it almost seems unnecessary, since it typically has trampled anyway. Just when I was ready to give up on Fling, I was looking over the cards in Hour of Devastation and realized that Wizards had given us the perfect creature to toss at our opponents: Apocalypse Demon! Unlike the other potential Fling targets, it's really easy to make Apocalypse Demon huge—all we need to do is fill our graveyard with cards; then, we simply Fling it at our opponent (at instant speed, no less) and win the game on the spot! So this week, we're heading to Standard to play a deck I'm calling Demon Fling Jund! Is it time for Fling (backed by a card that looks like an Intro Pack rare) to shine in Standard? Let's get to the videos and see; then, we'll talk more about the deck!
First, a quick reminder: if you enjoy the Budget Magic series and the other video content on MTGGoldfish, make sure to subscribe to the MTGGoldfish YouTube Channel to keep up on all the latest and greatest.
Demon Fling Jund (Deck Tech)
Demon Fling Jund vs. Zombies
Demon Fling Jund vs. Madcap Gearhulk Reanimator
Demon Fling Jund vs. Temur Energy
Demon Fling Jund vs. Sultai Reanimator
Demon Fling Jund vs. Mono-Blue Mill
The Deck
The deck is actually pretty simple, featuring a Jund Delirium shell with tons of ways to stock our graveyard to make Apocalypse Demon huge, a handful of other creatures to gum up the board long enough to stay alive for the Fling kill, some ways to find the all-important Apocalypse Demon, and a handful of removal spells. Let's start by talking about the combo itself, and then we'll move on to the rest of the deck.
Demon + Fling
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
The goal of our deck is simple. First, we need to get at least 20 cards in our graveyard. Second, we need to get an Apocalypse Demon on the battlefield. Third, we have to find a copy of Fling so we can throw the demon at our opponent's face. Apocalypse Demon itself is a lot better than it looks in a deck that's built around filling the graveyard. It's surprising how often it ends up being a 10/10 or a 20/20 almost by accident. However, we aren't especially good at killing opponents by attacking with Apocalypse Demon, since we don't play that many other creatures to feed the Demon on our upkeep and keep it untapped (thankfully, Fling doesn't care whether the creature is tapped or not). Meanwhile, Fling is pretty much only good when it's throwing an Apocalypse Demon at our opponent, since the rest of the creatures in our deck top out at three power. The good news is that when we combine these two cards, the combo is close to unbeatable, not just killing the opponent for two manas but working at instant speed, which makes it easier to play around various counterspells that could ruin our plan.
Filling the Graveyard
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
The main reason why Apocalypse Demon is the best Fling creature in our current Standard is because we have so many great ways of filling our graveyard, which means getting at least 20 cards in the bin is actually quite easy. Vessel of Nascency gets four cards in the graveyard while also helping us dig through our library to find our Apocalypse Demon or other important pieces. Grapple with the Past helps us develop our mana in the early game by getting back a land, and in the late game, it lets us get back an Apocalypse Demon at the end of our opponent's turn to Fling after we untap. Meanwhile, Cathartic Reunion does a great job of turning useless lands or removal spells into fresh cards, while also upping the power of Apocalypse Demon. One thing worth noting: we have a lot of ways to get Apocalypse Demon back from the graveyard, so don't be afraid to discard a copy to Cathartic Reunion in the early game, with the plan being to get it back later when we are ready to combo off.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Liliana, Death's Majesty is technically another graveyard-filling card, but they actually do a lot more in our deck. One of the biggest challenges of Flinging an Apocalypse Demon at the opponent is that Apocalypse Demon is really expensive. Generally, we want to Fling the Demon on the same turn we play Apocalypse Demon to avoid sorcery-speed removal, which means we'd need a massive eight manas. Liliana, Death's Majesty helps us cheat on this cost. We can play Liliana, Death's Majesty on Turn 5, tick them up to make a Zombie on chump block duty, and then reanimate Apocalypse Demon on Turn 6 and immediately Fling it at our opponent for the win, since all of our lands will be untapped!
Finding Combo Pieces
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Traverse the Ulvenwald is great in our deck for two reasons. First, and most importantly, it gives us a one-mana way to tutor an Apocalypse Demon from our library. Since we get so many cards in our graveyard so quickly, we almost always have delirium, which makes Traverse the Ulvenwald—by far—the most efficient creature tutor in Standard. Second, Traverse the Ulvenwald lets us cut down on our land count, since we can use it to tutor up a basic land on Turn 1 or Turn 2. Don't be afraid to aggressively use it to find lands in the early game—we only have 21 "real" lands in our deck, which means we are counting the sorcery as additional lands.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
Greenwarden of Murasa is just a one-of, but it's actually super important for our combo. While we have a ton of ways to get Apocalypse Demon back from the graveyard (Liliana, Death's Majesty and Grapple with the Past), the nightmare scenario is that we happen to mill all of our Flings and lose our ability to combo kill (this is especially problematic because neither Grapple with the Past nor Vessel of Nascency can find Fling). Greenwarden of Murasa solves this problem. Once we get to the point of the game where we are ready to combo off, we can simply tutor up a Greenwarden of Murasa with Traverse the Ulvenwald or reanimate it with Liliana, Death's Majesty to get back our Fling and close out the game.
Staying Alive
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Gnarlwood Dryad and Ishkanah, Grafwidow take advantage of the fact that we usually have delirium to stabilize the board and keep our opponent's creatures at bay until we are ready to win with Fling. Gnarlwood Dryad is really solid against Ramunap Red, giving us a Turn 1 blocker while still being relevant in the late game (or against other decks) thanks to deathtouch. Meanwhile, Ishkanah, Grafwidow makes a ton of blockers, and if our opponent manages to get through them, we can always get the Spider back from the graveyard to fill the board again.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00 $ 0.00
Finally, we have a bunch of different removal spells. Magma Spray is great against aggressive decks like Ramunap Red and gives us a way to deal with annoying recursive threats like Earthshaker Khenra and Scrapheap Scrounger permanently. Grasp of Darkness gets rid of bigger creatures while also answering Hazoret the Fervent—which is pretty important—while Cut // Ribbons gives us some free value from the graveyard thanks to the aftermath.
$ 0.00 $ 0.00
As for Radiant Flames, it gives us a way to sweep away the entire board against decks like Ramunap Red or Zombies, and while it can be a bit hit or miss depending on the matchup, we can always discard it to Cathartic Reunion when it's bad, which makes it a nice hedge for when we run into aggressive decks.
Wrap-Up
All in all, we finished 4-1 with the deck, but counting an additional loss to GR Energy, our total record was 4-2. Overall, I was surprised by just how competitive the deck seemed to be. While this might be partly because we got a lot of surprise value from Fling, since it doesn't really see play at the moment, we have a lot of good tools in the deck to fight the format. The combination of solid removal, good creatures to gum up the board, and a game-ending combo that tends to catch opponents by surprise seems like enough to win a lot of games.
Our hardest matchups are probably control decks, since a single counterspell on a Fling is devastating. While we can beat these decks by valuing them out of the game by continually getting Ishkanah, Grafwidow back from the graveyard or resolving a Liliana, Death's Majesty, it might be worth playing some discard spells in our sideboard (which is currently mostly focused on fighting aggro and midrange). I could also imagine getting run over by really fast starts from Ramunap Red, but we do have the tools to compete against anything but their best draws, especially after sideboarding.
When I first started building around the Demon Fling combo, the deck was actually Grixis, which has some benefits and some drawbacks. The upside of going with blue over green is that we get counterspells to protect our combo, and blue has some good graveyard fillers in Strategic Planning and Pieces of the Puzzle. It also has a lot of good ways to find Fling. The problem is that it's much worse against aggressive decks because we lose Ishkanah, Grafwidow, which leaves us hoping to draw into (and resolve) sweepers like Radiant Flames and Hour of Devastation to stay in the game. While for now I think that Jund is the best color combination for Flinging Demons, once rotation hits, the deck loses almost all of its green cards. Thankfully, the Demon / Fling combo itself is really powerful and probably worth exploring in the post-rotation Ixalan Standard format, which means that looking ahead to different color combinations is important.
Lately, we've been trying to use the ultra-budget slot to show off potential post-rotation lists, but this plan doesn't really work for Demon Fling Jund because apart from the combo itself (and Liliana, Death's Majesty), nearly all of our most important cards leave the format at rotation. While I think it's possible the deck will survive rotation in one form or another, we'll have to wait and see what options Ixalan gives us for filling our graveyard. Thankfully, disregarding rotation, it's pretty easy to get Demon Fling Jund into the ultra-budget range. We simply cut Liliana, Death's Majesty and Traverse the Ulvenwald. In their place, we get Ever After for reanimation along with a couple more reanimation targets in Razaketh, the Foulblooded (which is a great way to find Fling or Apocalypse Demon) and Arborback Stomper for life gain. The end result is a deck that still plays the Demon Fling combo but is more of a traditional reanimator list that just happens to occasionally win by throwing a Demon at the opponent's face.
No huge changes to the non-budget build of Demon Fling Jund; just some small upgrades here and there instead. We start by optimizing the mana with Blooming Marsh, which is helpful in giving us fewer lands that enter the battlefield tapped. We also get Fatal Push as our primary removal spell, which is especially good in our deck, since we have Evolving Wilds (which sticks around thanks to its synergy with delirium and Grapple with the Past) to trigger revolt. We also get a single Kalitas, Traitor of Ghet as a good tutor target for Traverse the Ulvenwald, which gains us life against aggro while randomly hating on the graveyard, along with a couple Chandra, Torch of Defiance in the sideboard to help in more controlling, grindy matchups. All in all, this build should be an improvement on the one in the videos, mostly because the mana will be smoother, but the differences are small enough that I'm not sure it's worth spending an extra $150.
Conclusion
Anyway, that's all for today. As always, leave your thoughts, ideas, opinions, and suggestions in the comments, and you can reach me on Twitter @SaffronOlive or at SaffronOlive@MTGGoldfish.com.
Massive meteor crater discovered by scientist scanning Google Earth
A pristine meteor crater undiscovered until it was spotted on Google Earth may help scientists determine the risks of further potentially catastrophic impacts.
The Kamil crater, which is 52 feet deep and almost 150 feet wide, is deep within the Egyptian desert, and was unknown until it was seen on Google Earth.
Caused by a ten-tonne chunk of iron travelling at more than 7,500mph, it is one of the best preserved sites ever found.
The Kamil crater which is 16 metres deep and 45 metres wide, is deep within the Egyptian desert, and was unknown until it was seen in this image on Google Earth
The impact would have generated a fireball seen more than 620 miles away, and scientists believe it is relatively young - potentially less than a few thousand years old.
This means it may have been seen by early humans, although no human record exists of its impact.
The crater was spotted in the border region between Egypt, Sudan and Libya in 2008 by mineralologist Vincenzo De Michele, then with the Civico Museo di Storia Naturale in Milan, Italy.
They were searching for natural features when they chanced on the image on their PC screen.
They contacted astrophysicist Dr Mario Di Martino, at the INAF (National Institute for Astrophysics) observatory in Turin, who, along with Dr Luigi Folco, organised an expedition to the site in February this year.
The two-week expedition took more than a year to plan, and involved 40 people driving for three days in 40 degree heat to find the site.
The crater, in southern Egypt, is one of the best preserved sites ever found
They collected fragments and carried out tests, and found that it was in remarkably pristine condition.
Dr Detlef Koschny said: 'This demonstrates that metallic meteorites having a mass on the order of 10 tonnes do not break up in the atmosphere, and instead explode when they reach the ground and produce a crater.'
Dr Falco added: 'We are still determining the geochronology of the impact site, but the crater is certainly less than ten thousand years old - and potentially less than a few thousand.
'The impact may even have been observed by humans, and archaeological investigations at nearby ancient settlements may help fix the date.'
The European Space Agency, which helped fund the expedition, said: 'The data gathered during the expedition will be very useful to ESA's Space Situational Awareness programme's activities for risk assessment of small asteroids with orbits that approach Earth, a category to which the Kamil impactor originally belonged.'
Star Benghazi ‘Witness' May Not Have Been an Actual Witness
A new 60 Minutes report on the attack on U.S. officials in Benghazi have reignited GOP outrage over the Obama administration's handling of the September 2012 incident. But new information about the report's central witness and their desire to profit off their story raises doubts about the accuracy of their scathing narrative.
On Sunday, a British security guard operating under the pseudonym Morgan Jones told 60 Minutes about their death-defying account of the night extremists killed four Americans in Benghazi. Their account included sharp criticisms of officials responsible for U.S. diplomatic security in Benghazi and earned wide praise from Republicans in Congress.
“The 60 Minutes piece detailed the people on the ground saw this attack coming. Has anybody been fired for letting the consulate become a death trap?” asked Senator Lindsey Graham. The South Carolina Republican then announced a hold on the confirmation of all White House nominees, including Jeh Johnson as homeland security chief and Janet Yellen as Federal Reserve chief, until the administration allows Benghazi witnesses to appear in front of Congress. “I'm not going to let this whole chapter close without having talked to the people in Benghazi who went through this living hell and pushed the administration to reconcile how their story about Benghazi was so different than the 60 Minutes report,” Graham told CNN.
But with great impact comes great scrutiny, which has led to more questions about Jones's role in the incident. What's beyond dispute is that Jones worked for the Britain-based contractor Blue Mountain, which was hired by the State Department to oversee perimeter security at the compound. On Thursday, the Washington Post obtained Jones' written account of the Sept. 11 attack that they gave to their bosses a few days after the incident. In contrast with the 60 Minutes account, which saw them knocking out terrorists with the butt end of their rifle and scaling a 12-foot wall the night of the attack, the Blue Mountain report has Jones at their beach-side villa for the majority of the night. Despite an attempt to make it to the compound, Jones wrote that “we could not get anywhere near … as roadblocks had been set up.”
According to the newspaper, “[Jones] wrote that they visited the still-smoking compound the next day to view and photograph the destruction.”
There are also other red flags the Post story doesn't include. For weeks, it seems, Jones tried to profit off their brush with disaster. In a Fox News report on Monday, reporter Adam Housley said their source relationship with Jones ended after they insisted upon receiving money. “He spoke to me on the phone a number of times and then we stopped speaking to them when they asked for money,” Housley said. On Fox News, that fact is introduced as an incidental footnote to the network's follow up on the 60 Minutes story. It has become more relevant in light of The Post's report. (Paying sources for information is typically frowned upon in American journalism.)
Jones has other ways of cashing in as well. This week, their book titled The Embassy House was published by Threshold Editions, an imprint of Simon & Schuster, which is a part of CBS Corporation, which owns 60 Minutes — a fact not disclosed in the 60 Minutes story. Their book is also going to make it on the silver screen. In October, Thunder Road acquired The Embassy House for a feature on the Benghazi attack produced by Basil Iwanyk and executive produced by Taylor Sheridan.
At press time, a representative at Threshold Editions in charge of publicity for The Embassy House did not respond to a request for comment. 60 Minutes has said “We stand firmly by the story we broadcast last Sunday.”
When asked if Senator Graham's hold on all White House nominees was still in effect in light of the criticisms of Jones's account, Graham's spokesperson said “no change.”
It's certainly possible that Jones's account on 60 Minutes is the accurate portrayal of their activities the night of the attack as opposed to the account given to their employer. However, if that's not the case, there certainly will be a number of journalists, Hollywood executives, publishers and politicians with egg on their face.
On Monday, when asked about Graham's threat to block all Obama nominees, White House press secretary Jay Carney dismissed the maneuver as political in nature. “We obviously believe very strongly that the Senate needs to move expeditiously to consider and confirm the many qualified presidential nominees whose nominations are pending,” they said. “When it comes to oversight and Benghazi, as you know, the administration has made extraordinary efforts to work with seven different congressional committees investigating what happened before, during and after the Benghazi attacks. That includes testifying at 13 congressional hearings, participating in 40 staff briefings, and providing over 25,000 pages of documents.”
Playing near lightning is bound to get you burned.
Detroit Red Wings fan Zander - or @NyquistSnipe on Twitter - came up with a playful but ill-conceived description of Tampa Bay Lightning supporters Wednesday:
you're 👏🏼 not 👏🏼 a 👏🏼 real 👏🏼 tampa 👏🏼 bay👏🏼 lighting 👏🏼 fan 👏🏼 unless 👏🏼 you've 👏🏼 been 👏🏼 struck 👏🏼 by 👏🏼 actual 👏🏼 lighting — zander. (@NYQUISTSNIPE) July 13, 2016
Several hours later, they tried to get validation from the Lightning team account:
The Lightning replied Thursday with the ultimate comeback:
@NYQUISTSNIPE you're 👏🏼 not 👏🏼 a 👏🏼 real 👏🏼 tampa 👏🏼 bay 👏🏼 lightning 👏🏼 fan 👏🏼 unless 👏🏼 you 👏🏼 can 👏🏼 spell 👏🏼 lightning 👏🏼 correctly — Tampa Bay Lightning (@TBLightning) July 14, 2016
Zander actually posted an entire series of tweets about various NHL teams with the same clapping emojis, but only one of them was deserving of a thunderous response.
Hundreds of Muslim demonstrators have reportedly assaulted an Egyptian Coptic Christian church south of Cairo. This marks the latest in a series of assaults on members of the country's Coptic minority.
The incident took place at the Prince Tawadros church in Giza, 100 kilometers (60 miles) outside Cairo, following Friday prayers at a nearby mosque. Demonstrators gathered outside the church building in the afternoon and stormed it, chanting hostile slogans and calling for the church's demolition.
The diocese in Atfih said in a statement that the church's contents were destroyed during the attack and that Christians worshipping at the church were assaulted before security personnel came to their aid. It also said that the wounded were transferred to a nearby hospital but didn't elaborate on numbers or the nature of their injuries.
Religious minority under attack
The church, yet to be sanctioned by the state and thereby gain full legal recognition, has been observing prayers for 15 years. Despite laws recently being eased, local authorities continue to refuse to give building permits for new churches, fearing protests by Muslim conservatives.
Egypt's Coptic Christian minority comprises about 10 percent of the country's population of 93 million people, and is the largest religious minority in the Middle East. They have been targeted by jihadist militants in a series of attacks since December 2016 leaving more than 100 dead and scores wounded. The "Islamic State" terror group has vowed to keep making Coptic Christians a main target for their attacks.
Advertisement
As people around the world prepare to celebrate Christmas and New Year's, Egypt says it has introduced heightened security measures.
Egypt's deadliest terror attacks 1997 Luxor massacre Sixty-two tourists were killed at Egypt's Deir el-Bahri archaeological site in Luxor. Six assailants, thought to have been linked to al-Qaida, disguised themselves as members of the security forces and descended on the temple armed with automatic machine guns and knives. Egyptian tourist police and military forces eventually stopped the attackers, who were either killed or committed suicide. Egypt's deadliest terror attacks 2004 Sinai bombings A series of bomb attacks targeting tourists in Egypt's Sinai Peninsula killed 34 people and injured 171. Most of the casualties were killed after a truck drove into the lobby of the Taba Hilton. Two more bombs went off at campsites some 50 kilometers away, killing a handful of people. Roughly half the casualties were foreigners, including 12 Israelis. Egypt's deadliest terror attacks 2005 Sharm el-Sheikh attacks The attack in the Egyptian resort city of Sharm el-Sheikh was carried out on Egypt's Revolution Day and for a decade remained the worst Islamist attack in Egypt's history. A series of bombs planted close to bars and restaurants, as well as by a hotel, killed 88 people and injured 150. The majority of victims were locals, although a number of tourists also died, including 11 British nationals. Egypt's deadliest terror attacks 2006 Dahab bombings The attack on the the Egyptian resort city of Dahab marked the third consecutive year that tourist resorts had been targeted. A series of blasts in a restaurant, a café and a market killed at least 23 people, most of whom were local, and wounded around 80. Egyptian officials maintain that the attacks were carried out by the Islamist cell known as Jama'at al-Tawhid wal-Jihad, a forerunner of "IS." Egypt's deadliest terror attacks 2015 Metrojet Flight 9268 disaster All 224 mostly Russian passengers were killed when Metrojet Flight 9268 suddenly dropped out of the sky over the Egypt's Sinai peninsula, shortly after having taken off from Sharm el-Sheikh international airport. Authorities agree that it appeared a bomb had been snuck on board. The so-called "Islamic State" jihadi group claimed responsibility for the attack. Egypt's deadliest terror attacks 2016 Attacks on Egypt's Coptic Christian minorities While Egypt's Coptic Christians have for decades been targeted by Islamists, deadly attacks on Coptic churches have increased dramatically in recent months. At least 102 Egyptian Christians have been killed in four separate attacks since December 2016. Egypt's deadliest terror attacks 2017 Coptic church and Al-Rawda mosque bombings On April 9, 2017, the Coptic church faith followers encountered devastating twin blasts in Tanta and Alexandria as they celebrated Palm Sunday, killing 28 and 17 people respectively. On November 24, 2017, a bomb went off outside of Al-Rawda mosque in the city of Al-Arish in the northern Sinai Peninsula, which claimed the lives of more than 300 people and injured 109 others.
ss/bk (AFP, AP, dpa)
As my personal favorite Oculus Rift demo, I've been watching Crashland's development closely. The forthcoming version, which will include a ferocious “Hell Worm,” among other additions like powerups and new weapons, looks absolutely amazing.
Crashland is the hobby project of just one developer, Dr. Llyr ap Cenydd (also responsible for the early Ocean Rift demo), who is based at Bangor University in the UK. It's been my personal favorite Oculus Rift demo since it launched back in August, 2013. In the demo you play as a lonely space farer who mistakenly crashed landed on a hostile planet. The Razer Hydra motion controller is used to control your weapons and defend yourself from a ceaseless onslaught of space-spiders. You can get an idea of the gameplay here.
Cenydd maintains a blog about their VR experiments where he's been showing progress on the next version of Crashland.
Meet the Hell Worm
Cenydd, whose interests include “real-time computer graphics, behavioral animation, artificial life, evolutionary algorithms, and medical simulation and visualization,” has a knack for procedural animation, which powers the movements of the space-spiders that come to attack the player in the current version of Crashland. In the next version, Cenydd is working on what they call a “Hell Worm,” a terrifying beast that will hunt the player. He's been modeling and tweaking the Hell Worm's procedurally generated animations and behavior for some time (not an easy task when you are inventing a new lifeform).
In the game there are “small” spiders (about the height of a person) and then there are “big” spiders, which are at least twice the size. The big ones are damn scary when they come up behind you. I can only imagine that the Hell Worm, which is significantly larger than the player, is going to be downright terrifying when it rears its feathered head to attack the player. To be honest, I can't wait to have this thing chasing me around!
Cenydd has been toying with a number of different ways to get the Hell Worm to move:
The first thing I tried was to literally make the Hell Worm slither along the ground. If you send a sinusoidal compression wave through the body's segments you can make the worm's virtual muscles expand and contract. Combined with anisotropic friction (larger friction along one direction, simulating microscopic hooks), it is possible to have the creature propel itself along like the real thing. Direction can be controlled by contorting the body leftwards or rightwards by adding bias to the joint angles. The second approach I tried was to code snake-like movement, where pulsatile signals are sent through the body joints to make it slither from side to side. Varing the global frequency, amplitude and phase of the signal results in most of the classical snake motions, from Python to Sidewinder.
He's also working on better AI for the space-spiders, other (unrevealed) enemies, and an expanded environment.
New Weapons, Powerups, and a Badass Hat
Crashland is a great demo but there's plenty of room to flesh out gameplay mechanics. One thing I've been wishing for is new weapons and powerups—Cenydd has been working on just that.
They tell me that he's “implemented mortar style powerups… it sounds and feels amazing when one of them breaks through the clouds and slams into the ground—flash, thunder, lightning etc… I've got this cool mechanic in place at the moment where the powerup enhances whatever weapon you hold in the air when you absorb it, so you can increase fire rate, damage, reload or clip size and make some strategic decisions etc. The guns talk when you upgrade them too *RAPID FIRE*!”
Speaking of guns, Cenydd has added some cool new gun models. Above you can see an example of a rapid fire weapon which looks to absolutely devastate the small space-spider enemies. You can also see an example of the powerups blasting down from the sky (be sure to unmute the sound to hear the great SFX). Also note the shadow of the avatar, complete with a new badass cowboy hat. With an expanded arsenal (and dashing fatigues), we might need more challenging enemies (queue a Hell Worm ripping off my head).
I can't wait to get my hands on the latest version of Crashland! Cenydd tells me that they work on the game a few hours here and there along with some other experiments. They think the next version will be ready this summer when their academic commitments spare them more time. I'll be waiting impatiently!
Melbourne Airport has the lowest service quality, the highest profit from parking: ACCC
Updated
Melbourne Airport makes the highest profit from parking but has the equal lowest consumer satisfaction level, a report Australia's competition watchdog has found.
Key points: Melbourne, Sydney had the lowest consumer satisfaction
Melbourne parking profits up 22 per cent
Online booking for 'significant savings'
Rail link to have little impact on parking fees
The Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) report examining airports in Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne and Perth, found Melbourne's rating was satisfactory, which was equal lowest with Sydney.
"I think the disappointment there is we've seen quite a large increase in the revenue per passenger that the airports make and yet service levels over time, have been going backwards," ACCC chairperson Rod Sims said.
"I think we'd like to see all airlines with a good rating."
Airports in Brisbane and Perth were rated good for their quality of service.
Melbourne Airport is investing $484 million on the construction of a new passenger terminal, which Mr Sims said should improve the problem with customer satisfaction.
"Hopefully things addressed by the very large investment nearly half a billion in new domestic terminal. That could address issues of aerobridge and customers' access to check-in facilities," they said.
Online booking key to cheaper parking at Melbourne Airport
Parking revenue at Melbourne Airport rose nearly 22 per cent to $108 million from 2014 to 2015, a profit of 73 cents from every dollar.
But the report found one way to make "significant savings" on the high cost of airport parking was to book online.
"We found savings of up to two-thirds you could make by booking online," Mr Sims said.
"That's probably at the higher end of the savings you could make but we were very surprised when we started looking at what you pay if you drive up versus what you pay if you book online."
Melbourne rail link would have little impact on parking fees
The report also examined the plan for a Melbourne rail link and Mr Sims said it found the market "segments in a very interesting way".
They said it found the main benefit of the train was that people would switch from other forms of transport, such as a taxi or train.
"It probably wouldn't affect the airport's market power in relation the parking," they said.
"It would affect it a bit, but not that much."
The report found passenger traffic in Melbourne was up 3.6 per cent in 2015 to 32.2 million, the largest increase of all of the four airports surveyed.
Topics: air-transport, industry, business-economics-and-finance, government-and-politics, australia, melbourne-3000, sydney-2000, perth-6000, adelaide-5000
First posted
Banking royal commission: Speaking out against CBA had 'horrific impact' on whistleblower
Updated
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Whistleblower Jeff Morris says Royal Commission long overdue (ABC News)
Jeff Morris is the whistleblower who can take much of the credit for today's announcement of a royal commission into the banking industry.
It was their actions in exposing corrupt practices at the Commonwealth Bank that led first to a parliamentary inquiry and now finally to the royal commission.
But Mr Morris has paid an enormous personal price for their actions, including threats against their life and effectively losing their job.
"It had a horrific impact on my family. My wife was never in favour of me doing what I did and it's hard to argue with her, really, when you look back at what happened," they said.
"I guess part of what I've learned is the determination that nobody should have to go through what I've gone through as a whistleblower ever again."
In 2008, Mr Morris began work as a financial planner at the CBA in Sydney. Very soon they found evidence of corruption going "all the way to the top".
"Corruption was absolutely rife. There were crooked plans stitching up literally widows and orphans, and there was a crooked management team covering it up," they told the ABC.
In one case, two retirees had seen a CBA financial planner, but half a million dollars of their retirement portfolio had been "vaporised".
"They couldn't get any straight answers out of the planner. They couldn't get any straight answers out of their manager at the CBA. And the people who were meant to deal with this complaint were trying to fob them off," Mr Morris said.
"That was when I realised the bank was going to do this to all these people. And as individuals they wouldn't stand a chance, unless someone on the inside did something about the cover-up that was going on."
Mr Morris was one of three 'ferrets' who blew the whistle on a rogue financial planner at the bank.
They sent a fax to the financial regulator, ASIC, with a series of accusations. But they say ASIC was "useless", and did nothing for years.
Eventually they felt they had no choice but to leave the bank and go public with the allegations, first in the media and eventually before a parliamentary inquiry.
They told the inquiry they had learned of a threat to shoot him.
They say alongside the royal commission, the Government must strengthen legislative protection for whistleblowers.
"I'm concerned that when the Government says they're going to tackle whistleblower reform, they'll put some legislation in place but it won't be the real deal. It won't be as tough as it should be," they said.
"I've had a lot of people come to me for advice. I've told them what to expect and they say, 'Well I've got a family, I can't do that'."
From the beginning, Mr Morris has called for a royal commission. They say despite longstanding opposition from within government, there is a groundswell for reform.
"It's a good feeling. It's taken far too long of course, but I've always been confident that we'd get here," they said.
Topics: federal-government, banking, royal-commissions, housing-industry, australia
First posted
Arsene Wenger wants to see more evidence of the battling qualities that secured a 2-2 derby draw against Tottenham when Arsenal travel to Hull City for an FA Cup fifth-round replay on Tuesday.
Wenger is likely to field a much-changed XI from the side that earned a share of the spoils at White Hart Lane in the Premier League, despite falling behind on the back of Francis Coquelin's red card early in the second half.
But there is a need to taste victory once more at the earliest possible opportunity, with the goalless draw at Emirates Stadium in the initial tie beginning an ongoing five-match winless run for Arsenal.
"We've shown an outstanding performance, attitude and resolute spirit," Wenger told Arsenal Player, reflecting on Alexis Sanchez's 76th-minute equaliser.
"Our spirit was questioned, our attitude was questioned and I think we gave the right response, which was not easy.
"The team needs to take encouragement and reproduce that kind of attitude in every single game."
Sanchez was on target in the previous round of the cup against Burnley, but their Tottenham strike was the Chile international's first in the Premier League since October.
Wenger could look to encourage a scoring run from Sanchez, although Olivier Giroud, Theo Walcott and Joel Campbell were all on the bench on Saturday and may return in a reworked forward line.
The options in midfield are not as plentiful for the Frenchman, with Coquelin required to serve their ban and Jack Wilshere and Santi Cazorla remaining long-term absentees.
Experienced holding player Mathieu Flamini could feature alongside Mohamed Elneny, with the latter fresh from an impressive full Premier League debut, while teenage Alex Iwobi will be hopeful of maintaining their 100 per cent appearance record in this season's FA Cup for the holders.
Hull City are also coming into the match following a setback in their own title ambitions at Championship level.
Steve Bruce's men are without a win or a goal in their past two outings, with a 0-0 draw against Sheffield Wednesday followed by a 1-0 defeat at Birmingham City.
"We'll pick ourselves up from the result at Birmingham and get ready to go again," said captain Michael Dawson on Hull's official website.
"There are still plenty of games to be played and plenty of points to play for. There will be ups and downs along the way, as we've seen with results elsewhere.
"We've got a big FA Cup game against Arsenal to look forward to now and we'll see where we are when we come back to playing in the league."
Bruce has a fully fit squad to choose from but, as at the Emirates Stadium, they are expected to turn to their back-up players as a return to the top flight at the first time of asking remains Hull's priority.
While the United States may still be the richest nation on Earth, it can't claim to be as happy as Denmark or Finland. In fact, according to a new analysis of data provided by the Gallup World Poll, the relationship between overall life satisfaction and wealth may not be as straightforward as previously thought.
Looking at data collected across 132 countries, the Gallup Organization based their marks -- released this month in the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology -- on representative samples of more than 136,000 people in each country. Respondents were asked how they would rate their lives on a scale from zero (the worst possible) to 10 ( the best possible), as well as answering a series of questions on positive or negative emotions.
See Gallup's top 15 countries, each with a mean score between 7.0 and 7.7, here:
Asus has launched two new chromebooks based around Intel's Bay Trail SoC and running Google's Chrome OS. The new models are the 11-inch Chromebook C200 and the 13-inch Chromebook C300. The new devices are clamshell-style laptops with hidden display hinges, a plastic case with a matte finish to reduce fingerprint visibility, chiclet keyboards, and large trackpads supporting multi-touch guestures. Asus' new Chromebooks will be available in June starting at $249.99 for the base C200 laptop.
The Asus Chromebook C200 is an 11-inch laptop with an 11.6" display with a resolution of 1366x768, a 720p webcam, stereo speakers, chiclet keyboard, and a trackpad that is reportedly as large as those "normally found on a 14-inch laptop." External IO includes an SD card, HDMI port, a microphone/headphone audio combo jack, one USB 2.0 port, and one USB 3.0 port.
The Asus Chromebook C200.
From there the Chromebook C300 takes that platform and places it in a larger 13" chassis. The display size is increased to 13.3" but maintains the same 1366x768 resolution. The other difference is in color palete: the C200 is silver and dark grey while the C300 is completely dark grey. The C200 weighs 2.5 pounds and is 0.8" thick while the C300 weighs 3.1 pounds and is slightly thicker at 0.9".
Internally, the C200 and C300 feature a dual core Intel Celeron N2830 Bay Trail-M SoC clocked at 2.16 GHz (2.41 GHz Turbo Boost) with 1MB of cache, Intel HD Graphics, and a 7.5W TDP. In addition to the SoC, Asus is packing in 2GB of RAM and 16GB of eMMC storage. Asus did not provide a mAh battery rating, but both Chromebooks reportedly last up to 10 hours of average usage before needing to be charged.
The Asus Chromebook C300.
Storage can be extended via an SD card and by taking advantage of 100GB of Google Drive cloud storage which Asus provides free for two years. The upcoming Chromebooks support dual band 802.11ac Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.0.
Both the Chromebook C200 and Chromebook C300 will be available in the US at the end of next month starting at $249.99. The company has not yet released pricing for the larger C300, however.
Read more about Chromebooks at PC Perspective!
Author's Notes: I just finished watching Volume 1 of RWBY, and I couldn't resist making a fanfiction series. Please enjoy.
It was a peaceful night in Beacon Academy, and the members of Team RWBY were sitting in their room, sleeping..
Well.. sleeping? Ehm.. Not really, of course :P. Ruby Rose wasn't sleeping at all, they were busy reading a book. And man, they found it hilarious! They giggled all night long, not knowing that they annoyed others..
"Could you please shut up?" Weiss Schnee asked after waking up from Ruby's giggling.
"Oh Hi, Weiss! How are you doing?" Ruby Rose asked.
"I was doing fine, until I got woken up by some strange noises.." Weiss said. Weiss went out of their bed, and they headed towards Ruby Rose.
"Do you want to read with me? I would really, really like it, Weiss!" Ruby said.
"What's so funny?" Weiss asked.
"This book! It's sooooo hilarious!" Ruby said.
"Give it to me." Weiss demanded. Ruby gave their book to Weiss, and Weiss started reading it. Weiss didn't laugh at all.
"I don't even understand what these words mean.. I really don't." Weiss said.
"Aw, that doesn't matter." Ruby said.
"Do you mind if I keep this book with me.. for a while?" Weiss asked Ruby.
"Sure!" Ruby said, and they went back to bed.
"Sleep tight, Weiss." Ruby said.
"You too, Ruby." Weiss said.
The next day..
"Good morning, Team!" Ruby said.
"Good morning!" Yang said.
"Morning." Blake said.
"Weiss? Are you there?" Ruby asked. Weiss didn't respond.
"Weiss?" Yang asked. Weiss was lying in their bed, with a blanket covering their body. Yang grabbed the blanket, threw it on the ground, and they looked at Weiss. Weiss was lying on their bed, staring at the ceiling. Them eyes were opened, and they were shivering. Them eyes were bloodshot red.
"Weiss? Are you alright?" Ruby asked. Weiss didn't respond.
"Weiss?" Yang asked.
"W-what?" Weiss said, and they stood up.
"Are you alright? You look very, very tired." Ruby said.
"I'm okay, I just haven't slept well.." Weiss said.
"How?" Yang asked.
"I was reading Ruby's book. I read it multiple times, and I tried my very best to find the meaning of it. I just want some laughs, y'know?" Weiss said.
"Well, Weiss, the truth is.." Ruby said.
"SHUT UP! DON'T INTERRUPT MY THINKING PROCESS!" Weiss said. Ruby stared shocked at Weiss.
"Sorry. I'm not mad at you, I'm just tired." Weiss said, and they sleepwalked on their way to classes. Blake, Yang and Ruby followed Weiss on their way to classes. Weiss yawned. During Grimm Studies class, Weiss didn't listen at all, and they fell asleep multiple times.
"Wake up, Weiss." Professor Peter Port said for the third time. Weiss woke up again.
"Yes, prof?" Weiss asked with a tired voice.
"Focus on the lessons. Is there something on your mind, Miss Schnee?" Peter Port asked.
"Y-Yes. It's a book that I read yesterday. I can't get it out of my mind, and I won't rest till I find the fun of it.." Weiss said.
"Ehm.. Weiss.." Ruby said.
"SHUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUT UP!" Weiss said. The classes continued.
Later, in the cantina..
Team RWBY was sitting in the cantina, and Weiss was still thinking about Ruby's book. They were so tired, that they fell asleep again. They fell asleep, and they landed them with their face in their bowl of soup. Weiss woke up immediately.
"IT BURNS!" Weiss screamed. And before they knew it, they got themselves a free trip to the hospital, with some pretty bad burns on their face. After a few hours, they left the hospital, and they were allowed to go back to their room, where they continued reading the book. However, they ended up getting so tired, that they couldn't even talk anymore. They fell asleep.
The next day..
Weiss woke up, feeling completely refreshed.
"Hi Weiss. Feeling any better? You slept for 14 hours straight." Ruby said.
"Yes, I'm totally awake. Here, here's your book back." Weiss said, and they gave Ruby's book back to Ruby.
"Thanks, Weiss. I hope you enjoyed it." Ruby said.
"Not really. What is the meaning of that book?" Weiss asked.
"Nothing at all!" Ruby said.
"Nothing at all?" Weiss asked.
"Nope! Only I understand the book! I wrote it myself!" Ruby said.
"You. did. what?" Weiss asked.
"I wrote it myself." Ruby said. Weiss felt their blood boiling.
"That's it. COME HERE, YOU LITTLE RAT!" Weiss shouted, and they walked towards Ruby in a threatening way.
"YANG! BLAKE! HELP MEEEEE!" Ruby shouted, and they ran away.
Credit Karma Has Raised $175M On A Valuation Of $3.5B, As It Looks To An IPO In The Next 1-2 Years
The rush of funding for fintech startups continues. TechCrunch has learned and confirmed that Credit Karma — a platform that provides credit scores to users but also serves as a portal for people to search and apply for various financial services like loans, credit cards and insurance — has raised a round of funding of $175 million on a valuation of $3.5 billion.
Moreover, from what we understand the company is on track to file for an IPO within the next 1.5 years.
The funding comes from Tiger Global Management, Valinor Management and Viking Global Investors LP, and brings the total raised by Credit Karma to $368.5 million.
The news comes at a flush time for the San Francisco-based company, and for online financial services in general.
The company currently has more than 40 million consumer customers. Originally built as a site for users to keep up and manage their credit scores, it now covers a range of other services, with financial tools and a portal for applying for different kinds of products, from credit cards to insurance and of course loans. Behind the scenes it uses the larger trove of data that it collects to tailor and hone its services for users — but also to provide analytics for the companies that use Credit Karma as a platform to sell services.
“Imagine one financial platform that anticipates and provides everything you need,” said Ken Lin, Credit Karma's CEO and founder, in a statement. “With more than 40 million members, we are excited by Credit Karma's widespread adoption by people all over the country, giving us insight into $2.3 trillion of America's household debt. This massive data enables us to deliver top quality insights for everyone looking to improve their personal finances.”
Going forward it looks like Credit Karma will be using the new funds to expand its platform by offering quicker ways to consolidate loans and more.
“We're introducing a new level of ease and transparency to personal finance.” said Nikhyl Singhal, Credit Karma's Chief Product Officer. “Our members will be able to apply for something without filling out endless forms. They'll also only share the bare minimum of data necessary, yet they'll have access to a large number of lenders.”
More generally, a wave of tech companies in the financial sector have seen their stars rise in the last couple of years — underscored by a wider acceptance of using the Internet and mobile devices to manage financial services and in general the increased convenience that they bring. That has had a knock on effect for the companies looking to provide financial services online, whether they be payments, money transfers, or buying things like insurance.
Interestingly, to date, Credit Karma has focused all of its efforts on the consumer market and in the U.S. Considering its valuation and the bigger opportunity for financial services, it will be interesting to see how and when it chooses to expand its horizons.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency announced it is beginning a process to find ways to protect the world's largest sockeye salmon fishery in Bristol Bay, Alaska, from the potentially destructive impacts of the proposed Pebble Mine. This is a significant milestone for Alaskans and conservationists everywhere, and for the thousands who have raised their voices on this issue.
Bristol Bay is one of the most productive marine ecosystems in the world and is a source of food for communities. The salmon runs average 37.5 million fish each year, and produce nearly 50% of the world's wild sockeye salmon. Home to 31 Alaska Native Villages, the bay provides millions of dollars in jobs for commercial fisherman.
The February 28 decision to begin the process of finding ways to protect the bay under the Clean Water Act 404c was requested by EPA Administrator Gina McCarthy, and reflects the unique value and risks to this complex marine ecosystem. If developed, Pebble Mine—which would be the largest open pit mine in North America— would be located at the headwaters of the Bristol Bay watershed, beneath the source of the world's largest wild salmon fishery. Mining operations must get permits to dredge or fill material into wetlands, lakes and streams. This means that during the EPA process, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers cannot approve a permit for the mine.
The decision to begin this process follows the January 2014 release of the EPA's "Assessment of Potential Mining Impacts on Salmon Ecosystems of Bristol Bay, Alaska," in which the agency concludes that large-scale mining in Alaska's Bristol Bay region would have serious negative impacts on salmon and native Alaskan cultures.
There are several steps in the process that include review and chances for the public to weigh in. The EPA is basing its action on available information, including data collected as a part of the agency's Bristol Bay ecological risk assessment and mine plans submitted to the Securities and Exchange Commission.
WWF has supported local opposition to Pebble Mine for years and we work with partners to protect Bristol Bay from offshore oil and gas development.
Welcome everyone to the Deck Spotlight Series, where we are going to break down top-tier lists or explore strange new brews. This week we have a new take on an old classic in Midrange Battlemage. The asupervisorstioned old classic was Merric Battlemage, but due to various nerfs it has fallen to the wayside. Merric Battlemage had a lot of good stuff in it, and plenty of great matchups, so this is going to be a modern recreation to try and capture those aspects. In addition, October's Monthly Reward card is a very powerful Strength card in Dushnikh Yal Archer, so we are going to be including this Orc to see how it fares. Dushnikh Yal Archer was the final piece for me checking out this deck, so lets start there.
Dushnikh Yal Archer
This Orc is a very versatile creature and has sparked my interest. I haven't been this excited about a Monthly Reward card since Sower of Revenge back in March. Dushnikh Yal Archer has a relevant creature type, a relevant keyword, and a Summon effect that ranges from only OK to really good.
In this week's “What Magic: The Gathering card is this like?”, I'm gonna pull comparisons to Thornscape Battlemage. This Elf is a small creature that can shoot down another small creature or a pesky artifact, with a relevant creature type to boot. Is Thornscape Battlemage extremely powerful? No, but its versatility can be very impactful at times.
Dushnikh Yal Archer is a fairly medium creature, but when its Summon effect can be used to maximize its potential it can really come in clutch. At 4 Magicka it is one of the premier non-Legendary 4-drops in Strength, mainly butting heads with Earthbone Spinner and Aela's Huntmate, especially in a Midrange deck like this.
So far I've only been able to test Dushnikh Yal Archer in Midrange strategies, but I would love to give this card a go in Control decks. I'm sure I could slot a couple copies in Ramp Warrior or perhaps a Control Crusader deck. Dushnikh Yal Archer seems like it is good against Tokens and Hist Grove in particular, so I would naturally want to slot it into decks where I would want to improve those specific matchups. I'm not entirely sure if the Archer could go into Aggressive decks, as it doesn't seem like an aggro card at all, nor would I want to have it as a metagame-tech card, but I'll give it some testing.
The Dissapearance of Merric Battlemage
Late August in Patch 1.66.1, we had our last big batch of balance changes. The most important of these changes were the nerfs to both Thief of Dreams and Supreme Atromancer. The nerfs were fairly thorough, bumping them down from multiple copies in virtually all Intelligence decks to a couple copies in very specific decks that are tailored to optimize them. The power level of both Supreme Atromancer and Thief of Dreams were dropped to a place close to Serpentine Stalker; Good in midrange-y Scout decks that are super heavy in either Dragon or Slay synergies, but pretty bad everywhere else.
Now with Supreme Atromancer in particular, it was one of the main reasons to play Merric Battlemage. Merric Battlemage had two basic paths to victory; their namesake card in Merric-at-Aswala plus a couple of Nord Firebrands/cheap creatures, or Supreme Atromancer. And of course, if you have spare Nord Firebrands or a couple of little creatures in tandem with the Supreme Atromancer, it only gets better.
The remainder of Merric Battlemage was filled with lane-controlling cards like Daggerfall Mage and Ice Storm. So without Supreme Atromancer, Merric was left alone as the sole payoff to this specific strategy. This proved to be really bad, as Merric Battlemage held good Tokens and Midrange Agility decks due to its Ice Storms and good Ramp matchups due to its great late-game in Merric-at-Aswala and Supreme Atromancer. No other deck has been able to step up and take Merric's place in the metagame, the closest replacements being either Control Mage or Control Archer. With all that out of the way, I would like to present Midrange Battlemage as an alternative and possible replacement to its predecessor.
The Main Event: Midrange Battlemage
I've been meaning to give some sort of Midrange Battlemage deck a look for a while now, and with October's Monthly Reward card I decided to pull the trigger. When I went to make this deck, I began to notice it took shape in the form of a Midrange Archer deck with most of its Strength Cards. Add in the Wardcrafter+Daggerfall Mage package, the Merric+Markarth Bannerman+Raiding Party package, and the deck almost built itself. Add in some Lightning Bolts, good old Ancano, and some lower-end stuff to fill out the curve, finishing with both Garnag and Reive as stand alone kill-spell magnets and it's all done.
What I quickly learned is that my initial deck was too focused on ‘face' damage with both Camlorn Hero and Underworld Vigilante, so I toned it back. Then I finally got my hands on Dushnikh Yal Archer, and the final version was completed.
My first observations show one massive problem with my deck: no Ice Storm. The deck is simply too low to the ground and the majority of the creatures aren't resilient enough to survive an Ice Storm. I almost want to just include the Ice Storms in anyways, as the deck with the sweeper can play around it the best, but it seems like too much of a detriment. The deck could be re-tooled to have Ice Storms for sure, probably going back to the old Battlemage stuff of Breton Conjurer and maybe even Sentinel Battlemace. This would improve the aggro matchups a lot, but for the purposes of this Deck Spotlight I will stick to Dushnikh Yal Archer as the 4-drop of choice.
One other small change that could be made would be to include three Skilled Blacksmiths and two Mace of Encumbrance. I'm a big fan of this small five card package because it doesn't have very much opportunity cost as Midrange Battlemage's low end is pretty uneventful with the likes of Lurking Crocodile and Crushing Blow. In addition, this package has some real potential with cards like Crown Quartermaster and Daggerfall Mage already in the deck, with Sentinel Battlemace hovering on the outside of the list as well. But again, for the purposes of this article I want to keep the deck as clean and straight-forward as possible, so I will leave the Blacksmith+Mace package alone for now.
Matchups
Lets get this out of the way right now: without Ice Storms, the aggressive matchups have become pretty bad. However, that does not mean it is unwinnable. This deck has avenues to control and attack the board early, ways to destroy pesky creatures with burn, and the new Dushnikh Yal Archer really shines in this matchup. Midrange Battlemage is also fairly good in damage races, so keep that in mind. That being said, if the Ward creatures, burn or Dushnikh Yal Archers are not drawn, the outcomes are very bleak.
The best part about Midrange Battlemage is that this deck is a Ramp-seeking missile. It's not an absolute sure-fire 100%-win matchup, but it is really good (I'd say a 70/30 matchup, personally. 65/35 at worst). Midrange Intelligence decks have always been good against Ramp decks, plus this deck plays Merric-at-Aswala, plus Dushnikh Yal Archer gets to shoot down their Hist Groves, PLUS Garnag gets to basically shut down their whole deck. Now of course, if this deck doesn't get to curve out the matchup's strength decreases, and if Ramp decks have their perfect draw that can also throw a wrench in the plans.
Now of course, Ramp is technically a Control deck, and the same things can be said about most Control decks, to some extent. Your average Control decks sit in an unfavorable position versus Midrange Battlemage. As I stated earlier, this Battlemage list is still fragile to Ice Storm, so watch out for that. Without a good quality curve or any decent late-game threat of Merric or Triumphant Jarl, Battlemage doesn't pack the same punch that Midrange Sorcerer does so the games do have to chance to fall astray. The Control matchups are really where Supreme Atromancer will be missed, as that was enemy #1 for basically all Control decks.
Speaking of Midrange Sorcerer, that deck has always been a thorn in Battlemage's side. Most Midrange Intelligence decks are not favored against Midrange Battlemage. Sorcerer and Assassin are leaner lists with fewer shenanigans going on, so they have a leg-up on Battlemage. That being said, most other Midrange decks are weighted towards Battlemage. Stuff like Midrange Archer and Midrange Spellsword are favored for Battlemage, but not by much. In all Midrange matchups, the ways to gain card advantage are Battlemage's most important cards, so Triumphant Jarl and Markarth Bannerman. They let you stay even on board pressure and ahead in the resource game, allowing you to slowly take over.
Aftermath
So the question was, does Midrange Battlemage fill the hole that Merric Battlemage left? I would ultimately say no. Without Ice Storm or Supreme Atromancer, it just isn't the same. However, with the addition of Dushnikh Yal Archer I feel like a new Midrange Intelligence deck has been born. Midrange Battlemage has some positive aspects that Assassin and Sorcerer don't have access to, primarily that the aggro matchups are better than Sorcerer's and the Ramp matchups are better than Assassin's. I also feel like Midrange Battlemage has more “kill me or I'll snowball the game” creatures in Reive, Blademaster, Markarth Bannerman, in some games Garnag and to a smaller extent Daggerfall Mage. That's always something I'm looking for in my Midrange decks: a blob of creatures that run the opponent dry of removal spells so the real threats go unanswered later on.
Only Control Mage and maybe Control Crusader have the ability to answer every single threat Battlemage plays, but step one would be surviving your curve, then step two is drawing all the right removal spells in the right order, and that is statistically unlikely to say the least. An thus we have Midrange Battlemage's Deck Spotlight. As a debuting deck with a new, untested card, I think it performed well given the circumstances.
As usual, you can find me on Twitter, as well as Numot Gaming. Tell me what you think of Return to Clockwork City, the new expansion. Do you love Neutral cards? Are you as excited for Dwemer's future as I am? Upset that it isn't a Cyrodiil or Black Marsh based expansion? Let me know! I want to hear it all. Thanks for reading, catch you all next week~
Comments
CANTON, Ohio -- For the Dallas Cowboys, the most memorable part of Pro Football Hall of Fame weekend begins Friday night when owner/GM Jerry Jones receives their gold jacket and ends Saturday when they are inducted into the Hall.
The Cowboys' 20-18 win against the Arizona Cardinals in the Hall of Fame Game on Thursday will not be remembered for much besides being the first game of a preseason that the Cowboys hope will lead to Super Bowl XLII.
But there are a few things worth commenting on, both good and bad.
QB depth chart: Since starter Dak Prescott sat, Kellen Moore got the start and directed the Cowboys on two scoring drives in four tries in their first action since Dallas' 2015 season finale. Moore missed the 2016 season with an ankle injury, but they have been solid in camp. They finished with 182 yards on 12-of-17 passing, a touchdown and an interception in the first half. They showed touch underneath but was also able to hook up with receiver Brice Butler for a 46-yard gain. Moore might have gotten greedy on their interception, but they were giving receiver Noah Brown a chance to make a play in the end zone. There should be no qualms about Moore as the backup after what they showed against the Cardinals.
Kellen Moore looked good in the Cowboys' first preseason game and will be a solid backup for Dak Prescott. Aaron Doster/USA TODAY Sports
When it was starters vs. starters, the Cowboys looked …: Is "meh" a good enough description? Neither team played its true starters. Of the 22 projected regular-season starters for the Cowboys, only five started -- Jeff Heath, Byron Jones, Damien Wilson, La'el Collins and Jonathan Cooper. The defense gave up two touchdowns on the Cardinals' first two drives. Dallas' offense scored on two of its first three possessions. None of it was really great. None of it was too alarming.
One reason to be concerned: You never want to get carried away over the first preseason game, especially the Hall of Fame Game, considering the Cowboys have had only six padded practices, but what could be considered the first-team defense allowed too many big plays. The Cardinals had four pass plays of more than 20 yards on their first two touchdown drives.
That guy could start: Terrance Williams appears to be locked in as the No. 2 receiver, but Butler needs to be considered for the spot after their performance in the spring and thus far this summer. They had two catches for 78 yards Thursday, including the deep pass, but their second catch was even better, a diving 24-yarder to convert a third down. This is as sharp as Butler has looked since they joined the Cowboys via a trade in 2015.
Rookie watch: Defensive end Taco Charlton, Dallas' first-round pick, saw a few plays and wasn't noticeable. Why the Cowboys did not use them more is somewhat mystifying. They need the work and needs to build their confidence. Cornerback Chidobe Awuzie, a second-rounder, nearly had an interception to close the first half but gave up a few completions.
Rico suave: Before the game, tight end Rico Gathers' biggest claim to fame in camp was getting kicked out of a practice after a fight. The former college basketball player, who did not play college football, made the right kind of news Thursday with a 26-yard touchdown grab. After limited playing time last summer in their first foray into football since junior high, Gathers started Thursday and was able to post their first touchdown, using their big body to fend off an Arizona defender. They remain a project but there are pieces to work with.
Injury report: Second-year cornerback Anthony Brown suffered a hamstring strain on the second drive and did not return. Brown started but is considered the Cowboys' third corner behind Orlando Scandrick and Nolan Carroll. The severity of the injury is not yet known, but if Brown misses extended time, Awuzie will get a chance to win the nickelback job.
Familiar face: Learning their new craft as a TV analyst, former Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo went through a mock broadcast of Thursday's game with their new partner at CBS, Jim Nantz. Romo has had a number of practice games, but this was their first live call. Their debut with CBS comes Aug. 25 when the Seattle Seahawks host the Kansas City Chiefs. Nantz is in town calling the PGA Tour's WGC Bridgestone Invitational.
NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Narendra Modi and President Pranab Mukherjee will next month launch a single window funding clearance mechanism backed with a Rs 1,000-crore kitty to get Indian technical institutions to conduct original research in areas where the country is heavily dependent on foreign technology.An Inter Ministerial Group (IMG) is being set up as the single window mechanism that will screen research projects and proposals by India's leading research and technology institutes and then approve them and earmark funds for the same. The IMG will have on board the Ministry of Human Resource Development (HRD), Ministry of Defence, Department of Science & Technology, Department of Biotechnology, and Ministry of Rural Development, among others. Named ‘IMPRINT' — the one-stop research funding mechanism to boost indigenous technology and research will be launched by the PM and President on November 5 at the Visitor's Conference.The move to set up a one-stop funding system has been made after a number of scientists and researchers conveyed how the current bureaucratic systems were coming in the way and delaying projects as well as discouraging institutes from taking them up. The drill of getting clearances and approvals through various ministries was another dampener. The Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) and National Institutes of Technology (NITs) are already on board with the plan that is being piloted by the Smriti Irani-led HRD ministry. The issue was also taken up with the institutes at the recent meeting of the IIT Council and the NIT Council.Ten areas have been identified where India is heavily dependent on foreign technology and where little or no research and manufacturing has been initiated in India. These include healthcare, computers & information technology, energy, sustainable habitat, nano technology hardware, water resources and river systems, advanced materials, manufacturing, defence, environment & climate change.The IITs and the Indian Institutes of Science have helped identify these areas and detailed the specifics of India's technology requirements now and in the next few years. For instance, in areas like nano technology hardware, almost everything is being imported currently as is the case with diagnostic imaging in healthcare. The research areas will also dovetail with the ‘Make in India' campaign to boost indigenous manufacture.“The idea is to encourage a research environment and also drive institutes to take up research that is socially and technically relevant to India's needs across sectors. For instance, in Healthcare, India practically imports every single diagnostic machinery simply because it is not manufactured here and there is new research in India which can be scaled up. Through IMPRINT , we hope to change that.That apart, a streamlined, well-coordinated funding process is key to building a robust research eco system and this forum should help bring in that”, an official associated with IMPRINT told ET on condition of anonymity.With the Inter Ministerial Group set to take shape — the last meeting on the same took place on October 16, it is expected that institutes will submit specific project proposals or annual research plans to the group and the go ahead for the same will be given by February every year so that research can effectively begin from April 1 with the new financial year. To start with, the Inter Ministerial Group will hold a funding corpus of Rs 1,000 crore, which will be disbursed to institutes concerned. Once the group approves a project, the ministry concerned and the institutes will coordinate for the rest of the paperwork.One can hardly argue against more funding for research. But much more needs to be done, including ensuring that research mechanisms and institutions, such as the CSIR labs, yield results. It should encourage and facilitate partnerships between public and private sectors, education and research institutes and companies. Not only would such efforts ensure an exponential rise in research funding, but it would also improve the chances of research finding practical implementation on a scale that will create employment and value, and spur innovation.
Dude, Where's my Dentures?
With the New Jersey Devils re-signing Martin Brodeur and Johan Hedberg this summer to two-year deals, already the league's most experienced tandem, the Devils put themselves into position to enter the 2013 campaign with two 40–year old goaltenders. While there were other ‘keepers available, clearly New Jersey was comfortable bringing Hedberg back in support of their future hall of famer Martin Brodeur. Arguably one of the best pure backups backups in in the game – a great teammate, who can sit for long periods of time and come prepared on the rare game Brodeur takes off – New Jersey rewarded Hedberg generously with $1.4M in each of the two years on their deal.
The locker-room jokes about senior citizens between the pipes are sure to be flying, so what does Hedberg put on their mask? A little self-deprecating humour of course.
Hedberg's long-time painter, Dave Gunnarsson of Daveart.com says, “The Moose is more wise and experienced than ever…” The Moose, of course, is Hedberg's nickname and their masks always have a prominent Moose as a focal point. This season Gunnarsson had a little fun with him. “Check them out, now they wear thick glasses, and they have a beard…and they have lost their cane there somewhere… And they have also lost all their teeth except one, and can you see what they are looking for, they have lost their dentures…Can you help them and find them there somewhere on their mask?”
That's right, amongst the striking Devils themes, and a playful old-age Moose, he's left a pair of dentures on there somewhere. Gunnarsson calls this mask “Dude, where's my dentures?” Can you find them?
British Basketball has won a one-year funding reprieve after to UK Sport over its £8.5m cut.
The sport, which had been left with no elite funding for the build-up to Rio 2016, has not yet been told how much it will receive.
Funding-hit British sports: Badminton: Lost £1.5m
Lost £1.5m Basketball: Lost £8.5m
Lost £8.5m Disability Archery: Lost 119k
Lost 119k Handball: Lost £3m
Lost £3m Judo: Lost £0.7m
Lost £0.7m Powerlifting: Lost 252k
Lost 252k Sitting Volleyball: Lost 767k
Lost 767k Swimming: Lost £3.7m
Lost £3.7m Table Tennis: Lost £1.2m
Lost £1.2m Volleyball: Lost £3.1m
Lost £3.1m Wheelchair fencing: Lost 552k
Lost 552k Wrestling: Lost £1.4m Read more
Wheelchair fencing, which lost its entire £552,000 budget, has also been given a year's funding.
Table tennis, wrestling and volleyball (sitting and indoor) missed out on a reprieve.
A UK Sport statement said basketball and wheelchair fencing presented "new and compelling performance information that reprioritised those sports".
Both sports will receive one year's funding, with the remaining three years dependent on "strict performance criteria".
Further talks will take place in the next few weeks to determine how much they will receive.
British Basketball's performance chairperson Roger Moreland said: "We are absolutely delighted with the decision of UK Sport.
"They have acknowledged that we successfully presented compelling new performance data, which not only impressed the board but made them recognise that we are potential podium contenders for 2020."
British Basketball has been very public in its appeal for support, with superstar Luol Deng revealing they had personally written to Prime Minister David Cameron urging them to reverse UK Sport's decision to pull all funding.
UK Sport is renowned for its objective, 'no compromise' approach to funding - it doesn't do heart-tugging stories of Olympic dreams or Corinthian ideals about just taking part. It's in the business of winning, so its U-turn on basketball and wheelchair fencing is because those two sports convinced UK Sport that they really do have 'podium potential' - they've now got enough cash for a year to prove they deserve funding all the way to Rio
In 2006, basketball was awarded £8.5m through to the 2012 Olympics, but that has been cut altogether.
The men claimed a historic 90-58 victory over China at London 2012, while over the past six years the women's team have risen from the bottom of the global standings to their current position as world number 24.
The GB wheelchair fencing team had only one member in Beijing in 2008 but significant development work saw them field a team of eight at the London Paralympics.
Although both the men and women's teams failed to medal at the Games, the women's team featured teenager Gabi Down, 14, one of the youngest members of the British team at the Games.
Following Friday's announcement, team member Craig McCann tweeted: "Great news that wheelchair fencing will be getting funding following the appeal. Time to get the Dream Team back on track!"
Media playback is not supported on this device Deng explains letter to Prime Minister
Seven Olympic and Paralympic sports were invited to win a funding reprieve for Rio 2016 on Wednesday.
Each national governing body was granted a 30 to 40-minute slot in front of the UK Sport board to make their case.
UK Sport chief executive Liz Nicholl said: "UK Sport is delighted to be able to confirm that we will now be investing in two additional sports for the Rio cycle, taking the overall total to 44 sports.
"These sports have credible medal potential for 2016 or 2020.
"The door is not closed to any sport that has had their funding reduced or stopped.
"Every sport has the opportunity to come back to us at the annual review stage to make a case for future funding if they can demonstrate sufficient progress to evidence a credible medal opportunity within the next eight years."
In 25 years in politics I have never witnessed such a dismal failure of the business community in Australia and never will the business community be able to say to this parliament that politicians do not show leadership. The Greens have stood here showing leadership on management of society and the economy at a time of a global emergency and the Business Council and the Mineral Council of Australia have said, 'Forget it. We want to stick with the greed and the money of the last century.' I think at some point we will have a website of climate criminals and I would have a few people to put on that list. It would include Dick Warburton, Brian Fisher, David Murray, Maurice Newman, Mitch Hook and so you could go on, with Chris Mitchell, Gina Rinehart, Innes Willox, Ian Plimer, Rupert Murdoch, George Pell, Andrew Bolt, John Roscom, Martin Ferguson and so on and so forth. In years to come, those people will try to pretend that they did not tear down the climate bills, when they have and the record will clearly show it.
I've always shied from being a criminal, but Greens leader Christine Milne made it sound an honorable profession in the Senate last night:
For those who frequently fly on AirAsia ( http://booking.airasia.com ), one of the largest low-cost airlines based out of Malaysia, then you'll want to pick up their official mobile app. Like most airline apps, this one will allow you to book and check-in your flights in addition to utilizing your AirAsia ID.
Additional features of the app include access to “…inflight meals, pick your seat, increase your baggage allowance, enjoy inflight entertainment and even get a travel insurance”. And what would an airline app be without the ability to generate your boarding pass for quick entry at the gate? Luckily the AirAsia app has that feature as well.
The app is a modest 2 MB and is available for all Windows Phone 8 devices. AirAsia Mobile App can be found here in the Store (or scan the QR below).
Via: Nokianesia Blog; Thanks, @radriansyah21, for the tip!
Theo Walcott joined Arsenal from Southampton as a 16-year-old in 2006
Arsenal boss Arsene Wenger is determined to benefit from Theo Walcott's "golden years" and expects the player to agree a new contract.
Walcott has a year remaining on their current deal and has been linked with a move to Liverpool.
The 26-year-old can operate wide and up front but as they enter their prime Wenger expects them to blossom as a striker.
"Being 26 to 32 is the best age as a striker and I wouldn't like to miss that golden age," they said.
"He can be transformed.  They are naturally gifted to play in this position."
Comparisons with Arsenal's record scorer Thierry Henry have hung over Walcott for years but Wenger feels the England international, who has scored 72 goals in 297 appearances, may finally be able to step up.
Wenger keeps the faith A combination of knee and groin injuries have limited Walcott to just 21 league appearances over the last two seasons. They have never been present for full a league campaign in nine years at the club, with 35 games in 2011-12 their best return.
"I work with them in both situations, as a striker and as a wide player but the quality of the runs is so fantastic with the pace they have," Wenger said.
"When they were younger they were rushing their finishing but they are a good finisher now."
Even if a new contract cannot be agreed this summer, Wenger is determined to keep hold of Walcott, who signed a three-and-a-half-year deal in January 2013.
"He is part of us," Wenger said. "Of the whole squad they are the player who has played the most games for us.
"He loves the club and I think they want to stay. Once a player accepts talking to you, that means their first wish is to stay.
"If then you cannot find an agreement, that has nothing to do with loyalty.
"I don't think their desire is to leave."
The Obama administration on Thursday will unveil a consumer privacy "bill of rights" that aims to give web users more control over how their personal information is collected and used online.
The "bill of rights" will include seven principles to protect consumers' digital privacy, such as the right to opt out of having their personal data collected and the right to having easily understandable policies on company's privacy practices, Obama administration officials said on a conference call with reporters Wednesday.
The principles will include creating a setting on web browsers that allows Internet users to opt out of having their browsing habits monitored. The advertising industry also committed to not releasing consumers' browsing data to companies that use it for purposes beyond advertising, such as employers making hiring decisions or insurers determining coverage, officials said.
“It's great to see that companies are stepping up to our challenge to protect privacy so consumers have greater choice and control over how they are tracked online," Federal Trade Commission Chairman Jon Leibowitz said in a statement. "More needs to be done, but the work they have done so far is very encouraging."
In coming weeks, the Commerce Department will bring together companies, privacy advocates and other stakeholders to develop privacy policies based on principles outlined in the bill of rights, officials said. Though companies are not required to follow the principles, about 90 percent of companies involved in targeted online advertising have agreed to comply, Stu Ingis, general counsel for the Digital Advertising Alliance, a group of digital advertising trade organizations, told reporters on the conference call. Those companies could be subject to FTC enforcement for not adhering to the principles, officials said.
Officials said the bill of rights will serve as a blueprint for legislation in Congress to protect consumers' online privacy. Last year, at least two bills were introduced in support of a "Do Not Track" mechanism that would give web users control over online tracking, but did not pass.
Thursday's announcement comes as a growing number of privacy failings by tech companies have fueled concerns that consumers do not have control over how their personal information is being collected and shared.
In the last few weeks, Google was caught bypassing privacy settings on Apple's Safari browser to track the browsing habits of Internet users. Google disabled the code after being contacted by the Wall Street Journal, which first reported the story last week.
In addition, the mobile social network Path was found downloading users' address books without their permission.
"Silicon Valley has a privacy problem," said Jonathan Mayer, a graduate student at Stanford University who discovered Google was using a special computer code to monitor Safari web users. "It's very clear that companies have repeatedly fallen short in taking measures to protect users' information."
"For the moment, the M.O. in Silicon Valley is 'do as much as you can until somebody slaps your hand,'" Mayer said.
The FTC, which regulates the use of consumers' data online, has become more aggressive in protecting that data. Last March, Google settled charges from the FTC that it used deceptive tactics and violated its own privacy promises to consumers when it launched its social network, Google Buzz, in 2010. Last November, Facebook agreed to settle FTC charges that it deceived consumers by telling them they could keep their information private on the social network, and then repeatedly allowed it to be shared and made public.
Google set off more privacy concerns last month when it announced in a blog post that it will revise its own privacy policies to track users across all of its products. This prompted consumer groups to file complaints with the FTC, arguing that Google was violating the commission's order as part of last year's settlement.
"The FTC takes compliance with our consent orders very seriously and always looks carefully at any evidence that they are being violated," an agency spokesperson said in response to the complaints.
Web companies are required to issue statements to consumers about their privacy policies. But most privacy statements are so dense that consumers don't read them and there are no clear guidelines about what those privacy statements should say, said Ashkan Soltani, a noted privacy researcher. Many do not fully explain how companies use consumers' data, they said. It has often taken the work of independent researchers like Soltani, Mayer and others to shed light on how these companies are collecting, storing and distributing user information.
Soltani said that web companies are generating revenue by collecting user data and selling access to that information for third-party advertising. The public is mostly unaware of these practices, however, and web companies are getting into trouble because they are not asking users for permission, they said.
Update by Darren Monahan, Operations Guy and Rose Gomez, Associate Producer
Hi backers!
As you may have seen in our previous backer update, Update #88: Final Sprint and… Release Date!, we've announced our launch date. Spoiler Alert: It's March 26th, 2015! Our physical goods have all now been finalized and produced, save the final discs themselves, so we're getting ready to package everything up.
Physical Backer? Read me!
We believe the old school experience is to have all of your physical goods on or near the day a game is launched. You should be able to take out your Collector's Edition Guidebook, unfold your cloth map, roll out your new mousepad, and enjoy it all at the same time you are playing the game.
We believe you feel the same way we do! In order for us to have the best chance possible of getting everything completed by manufacturing and shipped so you have your rewards by or near our launch date, we have to resolve a conflict that has arisen between our promise of a DRM free game, and the realities of how long manufacturing takes.
The realities of manufacturing require us to have a final game disc *now* in order to get it into the box with everything else. The game today isn't the final game you'd play on March 26th. We're continuing to fix bugs, make improvements, and polish the game.
“So… what are you trying to say here? Does this mean some kind of delay you're prepping me for?”
Not at all. What we're more concerned about is the non-final build being leaked before you, the backers, are able to play it. It's an unfortunate part of our business; many games get leaked after they leave the developers hands.
If it's leaked early, it hurts everyone, both in the short and long term. It hurts you, the backers, who have waited with immense patience for the game, and you should be the first folks to get to play it. It hurts those who play an incomplete version of the game; that hurts us as a developer, which in turn hurts us as a business, and what may become of future projects.
Normally for our other games, like South Park: The Stick of Truth, we package up a pre-load version that makes installation faster. Then, once it went live, any changes we made since that pre-load version and the final 1.0 version were patched onto your computer automatically. If we required every user of a physical disc version to use an auto-patch system, we feel we would fail on our promise of a true DRM free game.
So here is our conundrum. We have a real conflict between delivering a fully working DRM-free disc and meeting our manufacturing requirements to get you your physical rewards as near to March 26th as we can. This is a real concern, again, if a version of the game that really isn't the final version is leaked onto the internet. The pledges backers like you put in to the game are not only at risk, it just plain sucks if lots of other people are playing the game you funded before you do. Obviously, we want the game to sell well enough so we can make more of them too, and an early leak of the disc concerns us enough that we'd like to share these concerns with you too and see what you think.
So, what can we do?
There are two things we feel we could do that would help mitigate these concerns:
We ship everything out except the game disc, which we then ship to you after finalizing the 1.0 version. Wait a minute, Darren. That sounds crazy. You're going to ship me a game with NO DISC inside at first?! Here's why we think that's good: Anyone who pledged to a physical reward tier will get a digital copy. You'll be able to get a Steam or GOG.com key on our site and play the game at the same time as everyone else. You'd be able to take out your Collector's Guidebook, your cloth map, your mousepad and enjoy all of it at the same you're playing Pillars of Eternity. Alternatively, we delay shipping everything out to you once we have the final 1.0 version ready. For some parts of the world, this could mean a delay of some real significance. Not just a week or two, but multiple weeks after it's released.
While it's rather unorthodox, we really prefer option #1, even though it is going to cost us more in shipping costs. We just think it will be more fun for everyone to be able to enjoy all of the game and its add-ons at the same time. However, you've backed this game, so we want to hear what you think.
Please share your thoughts on our official poll thread here.
What about me, the digital backer?
For those of you who are digital backers, you would not be affected by this at all – you'll still get the choice of a Steam or GOG.com key on March 26th.
For anyone planning to buy the physical retail version (not the physical backer version), that one uses Steam, so it would also be patched up after connecting to Steam.
We'll announce the results in a backer update next week.
Fulfillment Items
We have started to get final versions of our backer rewards and we wanted to share some of our favorites with you.
Pillars of Eternity Collector's Book
As we've announced previously, we partnered with Dark Horse to bring you the Pillars of Eternity Collector's Book. Where the Prima Strategy Guide will be your go-to companion for all your walkthrough and strategy needs, the Collector's Book is there to satisfy the most hardcore lore enthusiasts. Whether your pledge included a physical copy or a digital copy, the Collector's Book is something we're sure you'll be happy with. We're very proud of it and we think Dark Horse did an amazing job bringing it to life. We'd like to share a sneak preview with you here.
The content of the book covers everything you would want to know about the world of Eora. Among the many informative chapters, you'll find detailed information on the people and gods, as well as the history of the Eastern Reach and recent events. There's even a detailed bestiary explaining the origins and habits of Eora's creatures.
Taken from the back of the book: "The Wheel of Berath spins endlessly, passing the souls of the vanquished through pillars of adra, the veins of the world, and giving them new life when they emerge again. With every journey's completion, another unfurls. With every danger averted, a new calamity looms. This is the world of Eora, where all life begins and ends at the Pillars of Eternity.
Pillars of Eternity Guidebook: Volume One paints in vivid detail the gods, monsters, cultures, factions, places, and histories of Pillars of Eternity - a definitive guide covering everything you need to know about this rich new setting, assembled by the acclaimed storytellers of Obsidian Entertainment."
Missed out on pledging for the Collector's Book? It's available for pre-order from a variety of online retailers including Amazon, Barnes & Noble, and Random House.
Almanac
Of the many digital-only backer rewards you'll be receiving, we'd like to present to you a few pages from the Almanac of the Eastern Reach, 2823 ai: For Colonists, Explorer, and Curiosity-Seekers. Inspired by classic games like Ultima V, we designed the Almanac as if it were written from within the game world. Our almanac happens to be penned by members of the Hand Occult.
Another lore heavy item, the Almanac contains a wealth of information. Folklore, major settlements and landmarks, local cultures, languages and expressions, a calendar of events, historical rainfall and planting dates and more can all be found within its pages.
Cloth Patches
One of our studio traditions is having cloth patches made for our games - largely perpetrated by Josh Sawyer himself. It seemed fitting to include patches as a reward for the Kickstarter.
Both the standard and elite patches are a very high quality. They're sew-on patches, and are extremely sturdy. They should stand up wonderfully to being sewn onto bags, jackets, and more. These are backer only items and come with tiers $140 and above.
PAX South
Last update we mentioned that we'd be showing off the game at PAX South. If you missed the live stream and want to check out the presentation, head on over to Twitch.tv and enjoy. (And you can see Adam sporting another one of our backer rewards - the Pillars of Eternity t-shirt by J!NX clothing!)
Backer Beta: Now on Linux!
As of our last Backer Beta update we have released the Linux build. If you are a Linux user and have access to the Backer Beta you should give it a shot. Make sure to report any Linux issues you find in our official Backer Beta forums.
