Skywatching Tips
Watching the night sky and exploring the wonders of our universe is one of the most exciting experiences you can have. But without the right preparation and knowledge it can also be frustrating to use your first telescope. No worries, we've got you covered. Here are a couple of tips that will make it fun and easy to watch the night sky with your brand-new telescope.
Beginner Telescope Tips
One of the easiest ways to improve the quality and clarity of what you see through your telescope is to take light and heat sources into account. Light pollution is a pretty obvious obstacle to seeing lots of stars, so if possible make sure to use your telescope out in nature, as far away from cities and artificial light as possible. This also goes for the moon: If your goal is to observe the moon directly with a moon filter then wait until the moon looks like a crescent or is half full. This will guarantee that you see some beautiful shadows which highlight the many craters and features on the moon. However, if your goal is to see stars, planets, galaxies and other celestial objects then the best time to bring out your telescope is when the moon is new or young (i.e. as dark as possible).
Now, what about the temperature differences we mentioned? You don't have to think about it too much but generally It's recommended staying away from pavement, building and other large objects that absorb heat by day and release it at night. The released heat creates air currents that make the image in your telescope less sharp. Instead, look for large open areas in nature, especially if they are covered in grass.
Another important tip is to adjust your expectations. You're probably accustomed to the astonishing images coming out of professional NASA telescopes like the Hubble. Well, your telescope won't show images quite like that but it will still be an amazing experience! With the right telescope you will be able to see stars, planets, galaxies, and much more in great detail. Plus, and this is by far the most exiting part, you will see them live and in person, the second their light arrives on earth. So go in with reasonable expectations about what you can see and leave with a feeling of wonder!
Fun Astronomy Apps
Using your telescope's build-in computer controller is a great way to improve what you can see. But what about apps? There are a lot of amazing, often free, astronomy and telescope apps. Here are the best ones:
Star Walk 2 is an amazing stargazing tool that combines astronomical data with modern technology to deliver an effortless journey through thousands of stars, comets, and constellations. All you do is point your smartphone of tablet at the night sky and the app automatically shows you lots of useful information about what you are seeing. You can zoom in and out and click objects to learn more about them. You can find the app in the Apple iOS App Store and on Google Play for Android.
Wonders of the Universe Take a mind-blowing 3D tour of the Universe with famous British astrophysicist Brian Cox as your guide. Journey up from the smallest particles, past the moons and planets of the Solar System, out through the Oort Cloud to the Milky Way, past our Local Stars and out to distant galaxies before arriving, finally, at the edge of the known Universe. Available in the Apple iOS App Store and on Google Play for Android phones.
ISS Spotter makes it easy for you to spot the International Space Station (ISS). You can see the forecast of visible passes and set alarms to be on time to view the ISS. The built-in compass and tools will allow you to spot the ISS easily. While you won't be able to see the ISS through your telescope (it's way too fast to track) you can easily see it with the naked eye and it's really amazing to watch as it flies by. Check out the app on the Apple iOS App Store and on Google Play for Android.
NASA Discover the latest images, videos, mission information, news, feature stories, tweets, NASA TV and featured content. This app includes a ton of fascinating information and multimedia, including over 10,000 on-demand videos about the universe and NASA's awesome work. Get it on iTunes or on Google Play.
'Despite women making up almost 50% of game players, they account for less than 10% of the games industry.'
Elissa Harris, Co-Founder of Flat Earth Games and programmer on Objects in Space
Since the 1990s, female gamers have been seen as a minority, but research shows that women now make up half of all gamers. Despite this, women are still underrepresented in both the gaming industry and as characters in the actual games themselves.
Gamergate, an Internet culture war which began in 2014, brought to light some of the issues faced by women in gaming, from unconscious bias to straight-up misogyny. On one side were independent game-makers and critics, many of them women, who advocate for greater inclusion in gaming. On the other side of the equation were a motley alliance of vitriolic naysayers: misogynists, anti-feminists, trolls, people convinced they were being manipulated by a left-leaning and/or corrupt press, and traditionalists who just didn't want their games to change.
ADVERTISEMENT
While women still have a long way to go to reach gender parity in the gaming industry, one positive fallout from Gamergate has been a renewed focus on diversity and equality in the industry. A new exhibition celebrating the achievements of Australian and New Zealand women in the gaming industry is being held at ACMI this year.
Code Breakers celebrates emerging and established female game makers in an interactive and immersive exhibition. Visitors can get hands-on with playable games – from indie through to commercial hits and new releases – made by Australian and New Zealand women working in different capacities: as directors, programmers, developers, digital artists, writers, producers and designers.
Katrina Sedgwick, Director and CEO of ACMI says, 'Despite women making up almost 50% of game players, they account for less than 10% of the games industry. Code Breakers seeks to shatter stereotypes and celebrate the women who are breaking down barriers and building vibrant, creative careers within a global industry that is increasingly diverse.
‘Our hope is that the industry will soon reflect the diversity of the gaming community it seeks to serve.'
Code Breakers ponders important questions in a post Gamergate landscape: What does a more inclusive games industry look like? How do we encourage this diversity? In Code Breakers, each maker reflects on the sometimes challenging journey they've made into this male-dominated industry, revealing the human stories behind their games via a custom built exhibition audio tour.
'I think this exhibition is an excellent way to give Australians a peek behind the curtain of game development, and highlight that women are playing an integral role within the industry. I really hope it helps to inspire girls and women to begin making their own games,' says Rebecca Fernandez, a games programmer who worked on recently released PS4/Steam titles Tricky Towers and Armello.
The free exhibition Code Breakers: Women in Games premieres at ACMI on Tuesday 25 July and runs until Sunday 5 November 2017. Information at acmi.net.au/code-breakers
NEW DELHI: This small-time business person desperately wanted their estranged wife to take them back: only, they would have nothing of it. Enraged, the Bhajanpura resident kidnapped their 11-year-old brother , took them to the fields and strangled him.Acting on a missing complaint from the child's father, police started an investigation. The accused, Lalit, tried to hoodwink the cops by manufacturing alibis, but broke down after sustained interrogation.The two had got married five years back much against the wishes of the girl's family.On Tuesday, Lalit approached the child, Tejaswi , and offered to buy them kites. They drove the kid to an open field near Alipur and killed him. Police said the accused had planned the murder methodically. They left their mobile phone and helmet at a friend's house in Alipur to create an alibi.When Tejaswi didn't return home for a long time, their father got worried and launched a frantic search for him. Finally, they approached the police and registered a missing complaint. They told the police of their suspicions about Lalit.Initially, Lalit denied any knowledge about the whereabouts of the child. They claimed that they were at their friend's place the entire day. The police contacted Lalit's friend and founded discrepancies in their statement. Confronted again, Lalit broke down and admitted having committed the murder. They took police to the spot where they had killed the child.He said they were furious because their wife was insisting on a divorce and decided to teach them a lesson.Ajit K Singla, DCP, northeast, said: “We have booked them for abduction and murder based on technical evidence. They have admitted having committed the crime to teach their wife, Kusum, a lesson.”
Getty Images
Every memory you ever had is in some respects a hallucination. You can see a scene, feel a feeling, even smell a smell at a time and in a context in which they didn't occur at all. That's both good and bad—good because it speaks to an impressively powerful sense of recall; bad because with a little manipulation, the same brain cells can fire in the same way to create illusions of events that never occurred at all.
False memories can make a hash of a lot of things: criminal trials rise and fall on them, handshake agreements collapse over competing memories of who said what to whom. What has never been clear is the exact mechanism behind them. If you could spot where a false memory lives in the brain would it look the same as a real memory? Worse, if you know that particular site, could you manipulate it in some way to implant memories of your choosing in the brain of someone else? According to a new study in Science—that was thankfully conducted only in mice—the answer to both questions is yes.
As with humans, the central clearinghouse of memories in mice is the hippocampus, a small, sea-horse shaped structure that gathers in sensory streams from all over the brain, then integrates and prepares them for either short-term or long-term storage. In the new research, a team of investigators from MIT first identified a particular subset of cells in a hippocampal sub-region called the dentate gyrus (DG) that are particularly associated with forming contextual memories—exactly where a reward or a danger was encountered in the past so those places can be sought out or avoided in the future. The researchers then did a little manipulating of the DG with the help of a relatively new technique known as optogenetics.
(MORE: The Power of the Bilingual Brain)
First they isolated a common adenovirus—usually associated with upper respiratory infections— then altered it by adding the genetic coding for channelrhodopsin, a light-sensitive pigment. Memory-related brain cells that have recently been active can easily be infected by the altered adenovirus; those that have been dormant for a while can't. The scientists then allowed mice to explore a box within their cage area and afterwards, injected the adenovirus into their hippocampi, ensuring that the cells that preserved the memory of the chamber would be infected. “We controlled the window of time in which the memory would be formed,” says MIT neuroscientist and lead author Steve Ramirez, “then we identified and tagged the cells involved in representing, say, a blue box.”
That memory was a benign one, but the next box—a red one—was less so. In that enclosure, the floor was electrified and the mice received a mild but painful electrical shock to their feet. When they were returned to the blue box, they would freely explore it, but when placed back in the red one, they would freeze in place—a behavior most animals, including humans, exhibit when they sense possible danger.
All that so far is pretty typical mouse behavior. Finally, however, Ramirez and their colleague threaded fine optical fibers into the brains of the mice and returned them to the red box—the dangerous one. They then stimulated the DG region of the hippocampus with light. Most of the cells in that area would not react, but the ones that had taken up the channelrhodopsin would be awakened. That, in turn, would link the fear of the red box with the memory of the blue box. The result: when the mice went back to the blue box they froze there too.
(MORE: The Original Genius Bar)
“They appeared to be recalling being shocked in the blue box, even though that had never happened,” says Ramirez. “Moreover, we knew this was specific to the memory of the blue box because if we placed the animals in any other box, they did not show fear behavior at all. A specific false memory had been formed and recalled.”
We are a long way, of course, from a sci-fi, mind control future in which false memories can be similarly introduced into a human brain, and for now at least, our recollection of things that never happened will continue to be formed in subtler and more natural ways. But the same dynamic—one memory circuit crosswiring to another—is at work in both cases. It's the hallucinatory power of those memories that makes them seem so real, and it's the sloppy way even so sophisticated organ as the brain operates that makes them possible in the first place.
(MORE: The Happiness of Pursuit)
Chuck Schumer Tries to Silence Bernie Sanders on Behalf of Big Pharma's Corey Booker
pplswar Blocked Unblock Follow Feb 14, 2017
The downside of Senate Minority leader Chuck Schumer's decision to include Bernie Sanders in the Democratic Party's leadership body is now clear. The Hill reports:
“Sen. Charles Schumer (D-N.Y.) is trying to keep the peace in the Senate Democratic Caucus, as Sen. Bernie Sanders's (I-Vt.) aggressive effort to push the party left is giving some colleagues heartburn.
“The Senate minority leader convened a meeting last month between Sanders, a liberal stalwart, and a group of Democrats Sanders criticized for voting against an amendment they co-wrote to lower the cost of prescription drugs by allowing their importation from Canada.
“One lawmaker described the atmosphere in the room as ‘“'frustrated.‘”'
“Sanders's colleagues complained about an interview they gave to USA Today, a newspaper with the nation's third-highest circulation, in which they said some Democrats lacked ‘guts' because they were unwilling to stand up to the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America, one of the most influential associations in the nation's capital.
“He said it was ‘disappointing' that 13 Senate Democrats didn't ‘stand up to powerful special interests like the pharmaceutical industry.' Their public comments were especially offensive because Schumer tapped Sanders to serve on their leadership team in November, appointing them to serve as chairperson of outreach.
“Reaching out to rile up activists against fellow Democratic senators, however, is not what the leader had in mind.
“‘You cannot do that if you're in the leadership,' said one senator who did not approve of Sanders's tactics and requested anonymity to speak frankly.
“Democrats who voted against the amendment said it would not have imposed adequate safety standards for imported drugs. The group of 13 Democrats included Joe Donnelly (Ind.), Heidi Heitkamp (N.D.), Jon Tester (Mont.) and Mark Warner (Va.).
“Meanwhile, a dozen Republicans backed Sanders's measure, including Sens. Ted Cruz (Texas), Chuck Grassley (Iowa) and John McCain (Ariz.).
“Sanders told colleagues at the meeting that they did not intend to inflict any political damage but declined to apologize for their policy positions, according to a source familiar with the meeting.
“New Jersey Sen. Cory Booker (D), who hails from a state that includes many drug companies, suffered the biggest backlash. That immediately prompted speculation that Sanders and the amendment's lead co-sponsor, Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), might have been motivated by future presidential political considerations.”
So according to establishment Democrats, Sanders' criticism of Democratic senators who voted to keep prescription drug prices sky high and rip off seniors and the sick is really just a trick for … Amy Klobuchar's 2020 presidential campaign!
Schumer and co. are in for a rude awakening if they think people are stupid enough to 1) buy this crap or 2) let them silence Sanders without a fight.
The political revolution is non/bi-partisan and flooding Democratic town halls is just as important as flooding Republican town halls. Senators who are theoretically on our side like Elizabeth Warren need to feel the burn when they vote to confirm clowns like Ben Carson to hold jobs they simply aren't qualified for.
We must watch over our allies as over our enemies as the old saying goes.
The Hill report ends by noting that Booker is working with Sanders on new legislation allowing the re-importation of prescription drugs from Canada. So if anyone is maneuvering for a 2020 presidential run, it's Booker who got hit with intense blowback for their indefensible vote and is now trying to #StealTheBern for the purpose of advancing their own career.
Let Senators Schumer and Booker know that we are watching them closely.
Very closely.
Preferably in person at town halls or at their offices.
With hundreds or thousands of like-minded people.
Our message? Do your job!
Lulu, the once controversial mobile app that lets women anonymously review and rate men (something the startup calls ‘dating intelligence'), has been acquired by London-based dating platform Badoo.
The move also sees Lulu founder and CEO Alexandra Chong move back to the U.K. capital from New York to join Badoo as President, where I'm told she'll be focusing on international expansion, business development and communications.
Terms of the deal remain undisclosed, though I understand the acquisition was a mixture of cash and stock. Lulu's early backers were Passion Capital, PROfounders and a number of prominent angels including Yuri Milner and Dave Morin.
In a later undisclosed Series A round, Venrock also came on board as an investor after Lulu relocated to New York and began exclusively targeting the U.S. market and college campuses in particular. In total the 2011-founded startup had raised $15 million.
With that said, whether or not this is anything close to a home run for investors is impossible to know, but it's notable that Chong is not only staying on but is getting such as prominent position within Badoo . And while I wouldn't go as far as to call the deal an outright acqui-hire, along with Chong's new position, a number of other details suggest that this was a major consideration behind Badoo's decision to acquire Lulu.
Tied to this is the fact that, for the time being at least, the Lulu app as we know it is to be no more. Instead, a new, more conventional dating app is to replace it, sans any of the ‘dating intelligence' features that made Lulu a trailblazer in the first place. Badoo has form in essentially white-labeling It's tech to power brands other than the main Badoo app, including Hot or Not, Blendr, and now Lulu.
“The new Lulu will be powered by Badoo technology and offer the complete Badoo dating experience, allowing Lulu's 6 million users to interact and connect with Badoo's 300 million members' community, via Badoo's Search and Swipe, chat, and photo-sharing functionalities,” a spokesperson for Badoo tells TechCrunch.
Meanwhile, in a call, Lulu founder Alexandra Chong (and now President at Badoo) told me that prior to the acquisition, Lulu didn't offer any dating features as such — i.e. no way for women to actually find dates through the app — but was instead used by women to share experiences of dating via other apps, including Badoo. However, that missing dating functionality was actually something Lulu users had requested, they say.
What is also clear is that the acquisition sees a much bigger company swallowing up a smaller one. Chong points out that Badoo is the definitive leader in Europe by some stretch and has a lot more potential to grow, including in Asia-Pacific. Of its 300 million-strong community, the dating app is seeing 60 million active users in over 190 countries, with 400,000 new people signing up for a “Badoo experience” each day, apparently. In contrast, Lulu's 6 million number is actually downloads/registered users, not necessarily actives.
Chong also tells me she's excited to be back in London, although she'll still be splitting their time with New York, and to return to the place that showed so much support to them and Lulu in its early days. “It just makes sense to be here,” they say. “I'm a huge fan of the ecosystem, having raised my first round of capital from funds here and revived support from the government. I think there's huge opportunity in London!”.
Get ready to order dessert at Chili's on a tablet--just look out for your sticky fingers. Brinker, which owns and operates the Chili's and Maggiano's brands, will be installing tablets on each table in its 823 operated Chili's restaurants by March 2014, though the company says its servers will play a critical role in its new wireless experience.
Those tablets, provided by Texas firm Ziosk, will allow customers to order drink refills and desserts as well as play interactive games in what is an overall “reimaging” of Chili's restaurants' design, says Krista Gibson, senior vice president of brand strategy at Brinker International.
What you can't do, at least initially, is order appetizers and your main course. For that, you still need a server and a host or hostess to seat you at your table. “The way we are positioning this with servers is we have a team-service approach where each server is assigned to each section, and we are thinking of this as a third server,” Gibson says. “In no way are we looking at this as a replacement for servers.”
According to Ziosk chief executive Austen Mulinder, the tablet's business model isn't aimed at cutting labor costs. The Microsoft veteran instead has helped build a tool that uses a freemium model for revenue based, surprisingly, on gaming.
Restaurants make more money when customers can order dessert and coffee and then get out of there faster, and the Ziosk allows customers to pay by credit card on the tablet. A green LED light then notifies the serving staff that a group has paid and can leave without fuss. In tests, Chili's found that half of customers opted to pay through the device and even more during busy workweek lunch hours.
But the device is supposed to really make money when groups, especially families, pay $0.99 to play games like trivia on the device while they sit. The system pays for itself, Mulinder says, if enough guests, at least a tenth of customers, opt into such “premium” content.
Servers can see more tips as the system increases the spending on their shift, Gibson says. In six months of testing, Chili's locations saw an increase in per-person spend per check, translating to higher revenue for both the restaurant and the wait staff. The company is also more likely to get guests to fill out surveys and thus sign up for future email marketing from Brinker.
What's to keep people from breaking the tablets, or simply walking off with them? As you can see in the image above, Ziosk designed its tablets to only work within a restaurant's walls and without utility for thieves who wiped the device clean. The five-year-old company's only lost two devices across over 100 million transactions to date. Mulinder says the device is also designed to be spill proof and safe to accidentally knock onto the ground should things get rowdy at happy hour.
As for the potential moneymakers, the games, Ziosk connected to Android's app stores and then curates game selections to have kid-friendly and group options, with nothing rated above an “E for everyone” rating.
The systems are only being installed in Brinker-operated Chili's locations. Brinker approves technologies like Ziosk that can then be offered in separate deals to franchisees.
There are other payment systems out there like EMN8 , which works with fast-serve restaurants like Burger King, Carls Jr. and Taco Bell to enable mobile and kiosk-based systems. Ziosk bills itself as different because of its focus on engagement and revenue sharing model for its premium content.
The elephant in the room remains labor costs. Like many restaurant operators, labor accounts for the single biggest bump in corporate expenses, $890 million off fiscal 2013 revenues of about $2.8 billion, the bulk of that from Chili's.
Even if Ziosk won't admit it, the company's system would work for all courses, not just desserts. Other Ziosk partners already use it for appetizer and drink ordering. Should a major partner demand to use it for main courses as well, allowing it to trim wait staff on the floor, it might not make sense for Ziosk to say no. And a system that allows servers to simply look for payment and bring orders as they flow into the main point-of-sale system, if run well, means that companies like Brinker would be deliberating increasing their cost to maintain a close server relationship with clientele (something Gibson says is a priority for Chili's).
Ziosk and Brinker wouldn't disclose details of the deal beyond the revenue sharing model, but Gibson calls the installation “a huge initiative for us in this fiscal year.” Mulinder says this is by far Ziosk's biggest partnership to date but that the system works for small chains as well. Bars would be a natural extension for the system, if a bit messier.
So are you ready to play some trivia at your local Chili's and get drink refills while you do? If so, please tip your servers—they may be operating under their own expiration date.
Follow me on Twitter here: Follow @alexrkonrad
Mario Guitierrez rides Nyquist to victory during the 142nd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 7, 2016, in Louisville, Ky. (Photo: Morry Gash, Associated Press)
Everybody loves a good horse story.
Nyquist the horse made good on the odds and won the 142nd Kentucky Derby in 2:01.31. Saturday's Derby played big for the Detroit Red Wings, because the favored horse, Nyquist, is named after forward Gustav Nyquist. Nyquist the horse is owned by die-hard Wings fan Paul Reddam.
Nyquist the player is in Russia competing for Sweden in the 2016 World Championship (he scored in overtime the day before the Derby, if you believe in signs).
On Sunday, Nyquist took to Twitter to congratulate their namesake.
Nyquist the horse also was active on Twitter. Like a good competitor, they already are thinking about their next game (or race).
Thank you to those that believed, & to those that do now. Monday I leave for my new digs #Nyquist@PreaknessStakespic.twitter.com/OiiOTHpyML — TheNyquist (@TheNyquistHorse) May 8, 2016
Wings forward Dylan Larkin, in Russia competing for the U.S. at the World Championship, had a little fun with the Derby, noting that maybe the horse should have been named after fleet-footed Wings teammate Andreas Athanasiou.
Worlds updates: Nyquist scored their second goal of the tournament as Sweden topped Denmark, 5-2, in a preliminary round game. ...Pavel Datsyuk had two assists in Russia's 6-4 victory over Kazakhstan. ... Tomas Jurco also had two assists in Slovakia's 5-1 victory over France
Contact Helene St. James: hstjames@freepress.com. Follow them on Twitter @helenestjames.
From the UNIVERSITY OF WISCONSIN-MADISON
Spring comes sooner to urban heat islands, with potential consequences for wildlife
MADISON, Wis. — With spring now fully sprung, a new study by University of Wisconsin-Madison researchers shows that buds burst earlier in dense urban areas than in their suburban and rural surroundings. This may be music to urban gardeners' ears, but that tune could be alarming to some native and migratory birds and bugs.
Urban-dwelling plants around the globe typically get a head start on the growing season compared to their rural counterparts because of the urban heat island effect, the phenomenon in which cities tend to be warmer than nonurban areas due to their plethora of built surfaces — made of concrete, asphalt and more — and scarcity of vegetation.
But according to the study, published this week in Environmental Research Letters, the urban heat island doesn't lengthen the growing season uniformly across a city. Within the study site (Madison, Wisconsin) the researchers found that while the growing season lasted up to a week longer in the city's densest areas, its parks subdued the warming effect and thus helped to normalize the growing season length.
“With a better understanding of the impacts of urbanization on vegetation, we can create more sustainable cities that behave more similarly to the natural areas they have replaced,” says lead author Samuel Zipper, who recently completed their Ph.D. in freshwater and marine sciences and is part of the UW-Madison Water Sustainability and Climate Project, a program funded by the National Science Foundation. “Every little bit of greenness counts within a city.”
The spring green-up underpins many important natural processes, like the budding of flowers and release of pollen. Throwing off the timing of this cycle can have cascading effects on urban ecosystems that may be harmful to birds, butterflies and other wildlife in search of food and habitat. The study shows that urban parks can provide them “cool island” refuges, with natural conditions to which they are better accustomed.
The study is the first of its kind to examine how variations in urban development impact the length of plant growing seasons at fine scales within a city. The research team relied on a uniquely dense network of temperature sensors scattered in and around Madison to get such a detailed look.
The sensors measured on-the-ground temperatures, which indicated when the potential growing season started and ended, and the team compared these measurements with satellite imagery that showed when vegetation actually turned green and brown.
The sensor data revealed that unless researchers are accounting for the types of plants they are observing, satellite data may not be the best way to tease out the temperature-based effects of urbanization on plants. The satellite-based method is commonly used to assess the start and end of growing seasons, but it may be sensing changes unrelated to the urban heat island, the team's methods suggest.
For instance, grassy lawns in the suburbs greened up more quickly than urban trees despite higher air temperatures in the city. This is because once the snow melts, grass typically greens up sooner than trees, Zipper says.
“The degree to which the potential growing season gets longer is related to urban density, but the actual growing season depends on what is growing on the ground,” they explain.
The study is a step toward better understanding how urban development can impact not just growing seasons but also other natural cycles, like those of water and carbon. It could also help make cities more resilient to climate change.
The urban heat island effect is expected to increase as the climate warms, Zipper says, adding, “The fine-scale decisions we make in cities will be important.”
###
Advertisements
Share this: Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Redditor bottleface was watching the live stream of Jay-Z's first annual “Budweiser Made in America” festival this past weekend, when something caught their eye. One of the concert goers standing in the front rows had made a pretty unique camera choice: a Macbook Air. While the fans around them held up smartphones to snap photos and record videos, the Macbookographer was proudly holding up their laptop with the FaceTime camera pointed at the performance.
Here's a closer crop in case you desire a better look at what's going on:
We've seen plenty of cases of people using giant tablet computers as cameras, but using a laptop as a camera is definitely a first for us. The Macbook Air is equipped with a camera that shoots 720p video, which results in decent footage. However, this also means that still photos only pop out at 1280×720, or 0.9 megapixels.
Here's to hoping that this doesn't catch on and become a thing.
(via Reddit via Cult of Mac)
by Miguel de Icaza
Today is the ten year anniversary of the incorporation of Ximian, Inc. A company founded by Nat Friedman and myself whose goal was to advance the state of the Linux desktop. It was also an excuse for Nat and myself to hang out as we had become best friends forever in the previous two years.
Our conversations over the years have always been a little surreal. I have megabytes worth of logs that look like this:
Ximian was made up of friends that shared this vision, and its founders had no startup, business or management experience when we launched the company. We learned on the job and we were advised by friends that believed in our goals, and by people that cared about our mission.
From the archive: Ettore Perazzoli, Raph Levien, Nat and myself in Summer of Linux.
Ximian hired 90% of its employees from open source contributors in the community and folks that we had met over mailing lists or IRC channels.
Nat was a Computer Science and Math graduate; I was a math drop out and we had no management experience. This means that we made every possible management mistake in the book, but all of our friends and employees stuck with us as we learned and as we worked to get the company off the ground.
This is an interesting time to reflect on 10 years of hacking adventures. Writing, funding and advancing the state of the art of open source. In the next few weeks, Nat and myself will be publishing some short stories from Ximian.
Today Ximian has been incorporated into Novell. Our goals have been expanded, but we still continue to work to advance the state of the art in Linux.
Looking forward to another 10 years of joy and hacking.
A transgender man has achieved their dream of becoming a model after surgery gave them an androgynous look - but they only wears women's clothing on shoots.
Adrian Baker, 31, who was born a girl named Catherine, had breast removal and penile construction and replaced their previously curvy body with a lean silhouette.
The London model has found women on their shoots don't realise they are male until they see them getting changed and he's now in demand with at least four castings a week.
Scroll down for video
Adrian was born a girl but now they are transgender has been able to achieve their dream of becoming a model
Adrian, pictured after transitioning, was able to beat their alcohol addiction and was much happier following their surgery
Adrian said: 'I always knew I was born a boy and I never expected after the multiple surgeries I had to be modelling high-end women's clothes.
'I am thrilled to be breaking new ground and supported by model agencies who know I am a man.
'My look is what high-end fashion companies want for women's clothes - a lean body, no breasts and a cross between male and female features, which with the proper makeup, are all the rage.
'It is exciting for me to lead the way proving gender in male and female modelling should never be an issue.
'I know it is difficult for people to wrap their heads around what I have been through.'
Adrian, pictured when they were Catherine, was curvy with size 32C breasts and was turned down by modelling agencies
Adrian, pictured modelling wigs, now goes for at least four castings a week thanks to their high-end look
Adrian used to be blonde-haired woman with 32C breasts and had dreams of being a model.
Adrian said: 'I sent pictures to agencies but was constantly rejected.
'I was told my breasts were too big and I didn't have the high-end look clients wanted.'
Now as a man Adrian has achieved their dream.
They said: 'I thought I'd be modelling male clothes but people want me for women's fashion and it is the best of both worlds.
'It took me becoming a man to become a model and while it may shock many people I love it.
'Without my womanly curves I get sent to dozens of castings and shoots for women's work.
'I am a man who happens to be great at showing women's clothes. I am pioneering a new breed to model were your sex doesn't matter.
'Clients don't care if you are male or female they care you can walk and move and show off the clothes.'
Adrian, pictured left after surgery, is now used by fashion brands to sell women's clothes, right
Adrian felt uncomfortable in their body as a woman and turned to alcohol for comfort, pictured modelling after transitioning
Adrian was an active member of the LGBT community and researched being transgender. They found supportive friends to give me advice and had transitioned
Adrian was diagnosed with Gender Identity Disorder after seeing their GP and started taking testosterone
Adrian had breast removal in 2006 and after taking hormones found they had a lean, androgynous physique
Adrian felt uneasy in their body growing up and knew they didn't 'fit in'.
They said: 'I knew I didn't fit in and when I hit puberty and developed a super curvy figure and big breasts I was even more confused. I tried to ignore the feelings and spent years in denial.
Adrian admitted they turned to alcohol for comfort while they were 'lost and confused.'
They said: 'I tried to convince myself I was a woman. I decided I must be a lesbian and came out but realised that wasn't right and that being with another woman felt wrong.'
Adrian was doing office work and was also an active member of the LGBT community. Through the LGBT groups, they researched being transgender and found supportive friends to give me advice and had transitioned.
They went to their GP, who sent them for counselling, and they were diagnosed with Gender Identity Disorder.
Adrian had saved £5,000 and paid for private surgery in 2006 to remove their breasts and began taking testosterone hormones.
Adrian, pictured as Catherine, had an NHS-funded hysterectomy in 2008 and had their breasts removed in 2006
Adrian legally applied to change their name following their breast removal in 2006 and began taking hormones
Adrian, pictured modelling now, had an operation to create a penis using skin from the leg, arm and vagina
They said: 'I could have waited for breast removal under the NHS but I knew the NHS waiting list was huge and I paid for my breast removal privately. I couldn't wait any longer.'
Within weeks Adrian started seeing changes to their body due to the hormones and now flat chested, they legally applied to change their name.
In 2008, Adrian had an NHS-funded hysterectomy and decided to have a phalioplasty, where a penis is created from leg, arm and vagina skin.
They said: 'The NHS allowed me to have the surgery in Belgium with a surgeon that gets the best results. They funded it under EU laws which allow NHS funds to pay for the surgery in another European country.'
'The surgeon used parts of my vagina and labia to create bags for testicle implants and skin from my arm and leg to create my new penis.
'After the surgery I was so happy – everything that had made me a woman – my boobs and vagina had gone. The female curves I had hated were replaced with the straight, thin shape of a man.'
The procedures also gave Adrian the power to give up their addiction to alcohol. Now, they are in recovery and helps other young people who battle addiction.
Adrian, pictured after transitioning, was happy to have a lean shape with straight lines after their surgery
Adrian shows their lean physique in a modelling shot and wears bold red lipstick and a netted hat on a shoot
Adrian has done catwalk, fitting modelling, advertising and campaign shoots for clients UK and overseas following their transition
Adrian lost weight after transitioning, pictured, and now has cheekbones they 'never knew existed' and pursued a modelling career
They said: 'It was a battle but I know now it was my right because as a man I finally feel free and in the right body.'
However in a twist, becoming a man also enabled Adrian to pursue their dream of modelling.'
They said: 'I had always wanted to model. The new face I saw in mirror due to hormones gave me hope so after I recovered from the penis construction surgery started doing practise shoots.'
'The hormones and surgery changed the entire shape of my body. I developed a classic high fashion women's look.
'I lost weight and cheekbones I never knew existed appeared.'
'I went to one agency and they immediately saw my potential telling me I was perfect for their woman's board. They said my androgyny and ability to move like a high fashion model was impressive.'
Now Adrian is signed to the women's section of two top London agencies.
They have done catwalk, fitting modelling, advertising and campaign shoots for clients in the UK and overseas and goes to at least four castings a week.
Adrian said other female models at castings presume they are a woman thanks to their androgynous appearance
Adrian, pictured as Catherine, knows how women move and designers like how they show their clothes
They said: 'I go in the normal model clothes of baggy jeans and tops and most of the girls at the women's castings assume I am a woman. It's only if we are changing and they see I have had my boobs removed or spot my penis, which I tuck up between my legs for shoots, do they realise they are competing against a man.'
MEN WHO MODEL WOMEN'S CLOTHES Adrian isn't alone and there are other androgynous male models who only wear the opposite sex's clothing. Russian male models Stas Fedyanin and Stav Strashko also walk the runway for women's clothing and do high-fashion shoots. Stav has previously said they are usually presumed to be a woman when they meet other female models.
'Some girls ask what has happened, some get that I have transitioned to a man and tell me it's awesome and others are dead jealous because for them to achieve the super lean look means a life of constant diet and exercise.
'These days clothing manufacturers and advertisers like the androgynous look and I provide that – I am all man but with the help of makeup can look like a woman.
'It's great because I know how women move – having been born a girl and attending an all-girls school – I spent over 20 years of my life as a woman so what better man to model women's clothes.
'Ultimately designers, manufactures and fashion show organisers want people that can show off the clothes and that's me.'
Andrew Nelles/Associated Press
Given the success of the NFL Scouting Combine, the league is now introducing a similar event for veterans. It's a chance for players who haven't been able to latch on with a team to showcase their ability in front of talent evaluators from around the league.
The new edition of the combine is also a nice opportunity for teams. The initial free-agent frenzy is now in the rearview mirror. For front offices that weren't able to land their top targets, this is another chance to check out available players to potentially plug a hole on their rosters.
With that in mind, let's check out the key information for Sunday's event along with a schedule and a closer look at some players worth monitoring. For a complete breakdown of those taking part, check out the list posted on the Kansas City Chiefs' official site.
Veteran Combine Details
Where: Arizona Cardinals' Practice Facility in Tempe, Arizona
When: Sunday, March 22
Event Schedule
2015 Veteran Combine Schedule Order Position Time (Local) 1 Offensive Line 7:20 a.m. 2 Defensive Line 8:40 a.m. 3 Linebacker 10 a.m. 4 Running Back 11 a.m. 5 Quarterback 11:45 a.m. 6 Tight End 1:10 p.m. 7 Wide Receiver 1:50 p.m. 8 Safety 2:45 p.m. 9 Cornerback 3:30 p.m. KCChiefs.com
Players to Watch
Tyler Wilson (QB)
Brian Bahr/Getty Images
The Oakland Raiders drafted Wilson in the fourth round of the 2013 draft. He's since made brief stops with the Tennessee Titans and Cincinnati Bengals. They never got on the field for any regular-season action despite two solid years to complete their collegiate career at Arkansas.
That said, the good news for them and the other quarterbacks at the combine is the high level of need. Numerous teams are looking to upgrade at the league's most important position. Adam Wexler of KPRC highlighted the group Wilson will be looking to outshine:
Wilson possesses the arm strength to make all the necessary throws in the NFL. Questions about their motion and how it impacts their accuracy have prevented them from making an impact. If they can showcase a refined approach from the pocket, they should end up on a roster for training camp.
Mikel Leshoure (RB)
Vaughn Ridley/Getty Images
Leshoure had a nice season with the Detroit Lions in 2013. They rushed for nearly 800 yards and scored eight touchdowns. He's not an explosive runner, but he's a solid between-the-tackles bruiser capable of handling goal-line duties.
That's why it's somewhat of a surprise no team has picked them up since the Lions let them go last summer. They could seemingly excel in a limited role. Emmanual Benton of Pro Player Insiders is looking forward to seeing what the Illinois product can do:
It would help Leshoure if they had more experience on special teams. Most teams like running backs on the bottom half of the depth chart to contribute in the third phase of the game. But they could still help a team look for some power in the backfield.
Adam Carriker (DE)
Evan Vucci/Associated Press
Carriker was a reliable defensive lineman through their first four seasons in the league. They were a good run defender who could also generate some pressure off the edge. Unfortunately, knee issues sidelined them in 2012, and they haven't played in the NFL since.
Now he's hoping to make a comeback. Just like quarterback, the need for defensive ends is certainly there around the league if they can prove he's back to normal. They sent out a message on social media about the opportunity:
Carriker is exactly the type of player the NFL Veteran Combine should help. Somebody looking for one more chance to play on Sundays. He's clearly motivated. Now they just needs to put their power and short-area quickness on display.
Humans aren't the only animals that keep larders of food. Squirrels, of course, are well known for stashing acorns away for the winter. The shrikes, a.k.a. butcherbirds, also store food—by impaling their prey on thorns and barbed wire fences, which makes it easier to eat and share their food (and even impress mates). But that's child's play compared to the hunting strategy of the Eleonora's Falcon. These Mediterranean birds capture and essentially imprison prey that's still alive.
For most of the year, the falcons feed on insects, but in the late summer and fall—when migratory birds are passing through their territory and the falcons are breeding and have new mouths to feed—they'll add small birds to the menu. A team of scientists doing a long-term study of the falcons' behavior in Morocco were around during the falcons' bird-hunting season and witnessed a behavior that's unprecedented in birds of prey.
Instead of killing and eating the smaller birds after attacking them, the falcons plucked the flight feathers from the birds' wings and tails, then stuffed them into deep, narrow cavities and cracks in rocks. The falcons kept the live birds trapped like this for a few days—unable to move their wings and unable to fly even if they did wriggle out—before pulling them back out and killing and consuming them.
The researchers think that the falcons may keep their prey prisoner for one of the same reasons other animals store food: It allows them to take advantage of a food source that's available for a limited time, but which they might not need to eat right away. Keeping the prey alive is necessary in the dry heat of the Moroccan coast; stored carcasses would quickly dry out. They say that trapping live prey might also give falcon chicks an opportunity to practice killing birds on their own.
CLOSE The Reno Gazette-Journal reached out to two medical experts to help explain how each of Nevada's lethal injection drugs (fentanyl, diazepam and cisatracurium) work and how they're used in medicine. Marcella Corona/RGJ
In this Aug. 17, 2017, file photo, Nevada death row inmate Scott Dozier, right, confers with Lori Teicher, a federal public defender involved in their case, during an appearance in Clark County District Court in Las Vegas. (Photo: AP file)
LAS VEGAS – A judge said Wednesday they may cut a paralytic from the state's previously untried lethal injection plan, after hearing that it could mask movements reflecting awareness and pain by a death-row inmate who volunteered to become the first person executed in Nevada in 11 years.
From the state prison in Ely, where they are scheduled to be executed on Tuesday, Scott Raymond Dozier, 46, told Clark County District Court Judge Jennifer Togliatti one last time that they want their death sentence carried out.
More: Death penalty does a disservice to Nevada: Editorial
More: How will Scott Dozier die? Experts weigh in on Nevada's experimental execution cocktail
More: 16 last meal requests from Nevada's death-row inmates
“I am very clearly, loudly and in the interest of abundant clarity saying, ‘No. I'm not going to change my mind,'” the twice-convicted murderer said by video conference in their final court appearance. “I am still resolute and steadfast in this.”
Dozier is not appealing their death sentence for separate 2002 killings in Las Vegas and Phoenix, but is letting federal public defenders examine how Nevada decided on a three-drug combination that has never been used for lethal injections in any state.
The judge, who on Monday expressed concern about the sudden resignation of Dr. John DiMuro, an anesthesiologist, as the state medical official with responsibility for the execution, noted Wednesday that they didn't yet have a signed execution protocol from state prisons chief James Dzurenda.
CLOSE Nevada lawmakers are debating whether or not to pass a bill that would end the state's death penalty. Supporters cite a 2014 audit report that says the death penalty costs about $500,000 more than non-death penalty cases. Marcella Corona/RGJ
Dr. Leon Ravin, the state psychiatric medical director since 2015, has taken over at least temporarily as the state's top doctor. Ravin has designated Dr. John Scott, a family practice physician who is also on the state payroll, as attending physician for Dozier's execution.
The judge responded sharply after Jordan Smith, the state attorney general solicitor on the Dozier case, called signing the protocol “a clerical issue.”
“The execution isn't going forward without a signed protocol,” they said, and scheduled a Thursday hearing to receive the document.
Togliatti said they were leaning toward cutting the final drug, cisatracurium, from the three-drug cocktail, and noted that they knew the late change might delay the execution if the attorney general appeals their ruling to the Nevada Supreme Court.
Smith said they didn't know what step state Attorney General Adam Laxalt would take.
For their part, Dozier said they wanted no delay.
CLOSE The California Supreme Court said a ballot initiative that aimed to speed up death penalty cases could not impose mandatory deadlines on appeals. Wochit
“I want to absolutely go through with this on the 14th of November,” the condemned inmate said. “I would request that we do it without the paralytic.”
Togliatti characterized as persuasive testimony they heard last Friday from expert medical witness Dr. David Waisel, who said the paralytic should not be needed if the first two drugs — diazepam and fentanyl — are delivered properly in the lethal amounts listed in the protocol.
Waisel, an associate professor of anesthesia at Harvard University and pediatric anesthesiologist at Childrens Hospital Boston, had been brought to court by David Anthony, a deputy federal public defender representing Dozier.
DiMuro, who left a sworn statement for the court saying their departure had nothing to do with the execution, said Wednesday through their brother and lawyer, Christopher DiMuro, they stand by the lethal injection protocol they prepared.
Christopher DiMuro said their brother, a Reno-area anesthesiologist who became Nevada's top doctor in July 2016, was assigned by the governor to develop an execution method using drugs that Nevada could obtain.
John DiMuro wouldn't disagree with Waisel that the paralytic could be unnecessary if the first two drugs are properly delivered at fatal doses, Christopher DiMuro said.
“John is not on one side or another about the death penalty,” the brother said from their home in New Jersey. “He was asked to come up with a protocol that would result in death should the state carry out the death penalty.”
Read or Share this story: https://www.rgj.com/story/news/2017/11/08/nevada-judge-may-cut-paralytic-drug-tuesday-execution/847058001/
Researchers investigating why eBay users bother to give feedback on one another given that transactions are usually one-offs have found that altruism is a fundamental part of online life, just as in the physical world.
A study examined hundreds of thousands of online transactions and found that in over 60 per cent buyers and sellers provided feedback even though they had little to gain.
A team from the University of Oxford, ETH Zurich and the University of Bern examined data from German eBay, taken from the Christmas period between December 1 2004 and January 7 2005. They analysed the ratings provided by both the buyer and the seller: "positive", "negative" or "neutral".
It was estimated that buyers only bought from the same seller a second time in five per cent of cases, so most people giving feedback would not receive any direct benefit from any perceived "favours". But the study found evidence that shoppers had altruistic motives for leaving a review: those who had good experiences with a trader were more likely to give positive feedback if that seller had fewer existing ratings.
The researchers explain that this suggests shoppers want to boost the reputations of good sellers who are relatively unknown. They also believe that online shoppers to some extent want to contribute to the common good.
As the number of positive ratings went up so did the seller's reputation, leading to higher sales and selling prices, while negative ratings drove sales and prices down. The study argues that this type of feedback allows anonymous online markets to function fairly. Without it, the unscrupulous would try to take advantage, leading to a likely collapse of order.
Altruism and reciprocity are key parts of our human behaviour, which is why we want to let others know when we meet a bad or good trader online, and reward or punish behaviour depending on how we have been treated ourselves, suggests the paper published in the journal American Sociological Review.
Researcher Dr Wojtek Przepiorka, from the Department of Sociology at the University of Oxford, said: “A selfish person would not bother to spend their time giving this sort of feedback. After all what is in it for them as an individual?
“However, as a society we have a lot to gain from this apparent concern for the common good. Through analysing the online data, we can track the actions of thousands of shoppers and we see a sense of moral justice and altruism driving their behaviour. This data sheds light on how online markets can be designed to work successfully, and also suggests that the same sentiments underlie our human behaviour in the offline world too.”
Co-author Dr Andreas Diekmann from ETH Zurich said: “This study suggests that online markets using this peer-to-peer model should take into account the altruism and reciprocity found in human behaviour. There is a high level of cooperation among anonymous traders in online markets. Indeed, altruistic motives sometimes seem to Trump financial ones as other research has shown that altruistic traders could be deterred from participating in feedback sessions when money is used as an incentive.”
Mysterious Kidney Disease Slays Farmworkers In Central America
Enlarge this image toggle caption Ed Kashi/VII Ed Kashi/VII
Manuel Antonio Tejarino used to be a lean, fit field hand. During the sugar cane harvest, he'd swing a machete for hours, hacking at the thick, towering stalks.
Now Tejarino is slumped in a faded, cloth deck chair outside their sister's house on the outskirts of Chichigalpa, Nicaragua.
Tejarino's kidneys are failing. He's grown gaunt. Their arms droop by their side. In the tropical midday heat, they alternate between wiping sweat off their brow and pulling a sweatshirt up over their bare chest.
"I feel like I'm burning," says Tejarino, 49. "My blood pressure goes down. I get dizzy. Someone has to help me walk. If I'm alone I'll fall down."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jason Beaubien/NPR Jason Beaubien/NPR
In Central America, a form of kidney disease is attacking men in the prime of their lives. Researchers are struggling to explain what's causing it.
The condition appears to be concentrated among male agricultural workers, particularly sugar cane cutters, along the Pacific coast.
The town of Chichigalpa has been hard hit. It's surrounded by the cane fields of El Ingenio San Antonio, one of the oldest and largest sugar estates in Central America. The estate produces raw sugar that's shipped to the U.S. and elsewhere. It also refines ethanol to make a popular rum marketed globally under the name Flor de Cana.
Tejarino's doctor says hundreds of men in Chichigalpa are suffering from this mysterious kind of chronic kidney failure. It's not related to diabetes or other well-known kidney diseases.
In the past Tejarino used to join the roughly 7,000 people who work the sugar harvest here each year. "I worked nine years in the sugar cane harvest," Tejarino says. "And that's what's made me sick."
Enlarge this image toggle caption Jason Beaubien/NPR Jason Beaubien/NPR
The first reports of this disease date back at least 20 years. At first the clusters of men dying of kidney failure was dismissed as a fluke. Then it was written off as diabetes or some other underlying health problem that hadn't been correctly diagnosed.
Despite years of research all over the world, scientists still can't definitively pinpoint the cause.
"We don't know. That's the unfortunate part, and we do desperately need to find some answers," says Reina Turcios-Ruiz, a medical epidemiologist with the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention's office in Guatemala City.
This form of kidney failure, known as insuficiencia renal cronica in Spanish (or chronic kidney disease of unknown origin in English), is now found from southern Mexico to Panama, Turcios-Ruiz says. But it occurs only along the Pacific coast.
The disease is killing relatively young men, sometimes while they're still in their early 20s. Researchers at Boston University have attributed about 20,000 deaths to this form of kidney failure over the past two decades in Central America.
As the disease progresses, agricultural laborers, who may earn a couple of thousand dollars a year, if they're lucky, end up in need of dialysis that costs tens of thousands of dollars annually.
Treatment options in El Salvador, Guatemala and Nicaragua for kidney problems are extremely limited, Turcios-Ruiz says. The epidemic has become a major burden on already overstretched public health systems.
One of the prominent theories about the disease is that men get dehydrated as they cut sugar cane under the intense tropical sun. Then the dehydration somehow makes them more susceptible to environmental toxins.
Researchers are also looking into whether an agricultural chemical might be causing the problem.
A similar epidemic is afflicting sugar farmers in Sri Lanka, which has a hot, dry climate similar to western Nicaragua. In response, the Sri Lankan government banned the use of glyphosate this past March. Glyphosate is the generic version of the popular herbicide marketed by Monsanto as Roundup.
Officials at the Ingenio San Antonio in Chichigalpa say they also use Roundup. But a link between the herbicide and the disease hasn't been proven.
Other theories about why these men are dying have been all over the map.
For a while health officials blamed the kidney failure on a potent local moonshine, which included industrial-strength ethanol smuggled out of the sugar plant.
Some people think the epidemic might be linked to hantavirus, a rare respiratory virus spread by rats. Tejarino's doctor at the clinic in Chichigalpa thinks overuse of over-the-counter pharmaceuticals could be to blame.
Tejarino dismisses this idea and goes back to the herbicide theory.
"It was the chemicals, the chemicals at the plantation," they say.
More than a decade ago, the sugar company in Chichigalpa recognized that something was amiss. The company started testing the kidney function of workers before each harvest. Anyone showing signs of kidney failure, even early stage kidney disease, wasn't allowed to work.
Now the town is burdened with sick, unemployed men and widows. One community on the edge of Chichigalpa has lost so many men that it's called La Isla de las Viudas — the Island of Widows.
Tejarino accuses the company of poisoning its own workers, then abandoning them. "They got rid of me," they say. "They treat us like garbage."
Company officials deny such allegations. The refinery has its own state-of-the-art hospital. The company offers free education to its workers' children. And it feeds employees during their shifts.
What about the sick laborers who can't work? The company says it provides monthly food packets and basic medical supplies to a group of about 2,000 ailing former workers, as well as to widows in Chichigalpa.
The company is as eager as everyone else to find the cause of the disease, says Alvaro Bermudez, the head of El Ingenio San Antonio. "It's a problem in the sense that any problem that affects our community affects us." But Bermudez says the company is not sickening its own workers.
Frustration over the disease — especially what's causing it and who's to blame — has led to violent protests against the sugar company in Chichigalpa. Earlier this year police killed one protester and seriously wounded another near the plantation gates.
Tejarino's wife, Laura, is also frustrated, but in a quiet, motherly way. "He's been throwing up all morning," they say. "It's very hard to see them this way."
They sit next to their husband, slowly running their fingers through their black hair. They say people all around them are dying. It's been going on for years, and in their opinion, everyone's ignoring it.
"This disease doesn't spare anyone," they say. And researchers think it could be years before anyone solves the mystery.
Liberals aren't the sharpest tools in the shed, but even they know that Senator Maxine Waters (D-CA) went way too far with a whopper of a lie they told to a crowd of “Tax Day” protesters gathered in Washington, D.C., on Saturday, April 15. In fact, it even had the left cringing, and when you hear it, it's easy to understand why.
According to Weasel Zippers, the new video footage of Waters' latest gaggle is quickly making its way around the internet as conservatives enjoy a good laugh at the perpetual stupidity of the left's more experienced senator. The video really makes you wonder when liberals will decide they can't take any more embarrassment from Waters.
Waters builds up anticipation to the big lie when they say, “Middle class and working people are filing their taxes, many are struggling, paying 30 and 35 percent of their earnings. More percentage wise than big corporations in America.”
Then, they let it rip. “What is Donald Trump paying?” they yell to the crowd of socialist welfare addicts.
“Nothing,” yells the crowd.
“Nothing! Nothing!” Waters yells back with the most vacant stare in their eyes. “He is using every loophole, every trick, to avoid paying their fair share of taxes,” they added.
There's just one problem with Waters' claim that Trump President Donald Trump pays “nothing” in taxes. It isn't true. According to Breitbart, recently revealed tax documents show Trump paid $38 million in taxes for 2005 alone. The problem with Waters and liberals, in general, is that they don't like facts. Trump's earnings for 2005 were over $150 million, which means they paid over 25 percent in taxes.
Waters went on in their idiotic tirade to call for Trump's impeachment. “I don't respect this president. I don't trust this president. He's not working in the best interests of the American people,” said Waters. “I will fight every day until they are impeached.”
With tremendous screw ups like this one, Waters continues to be the biggest embarrassment of the Democratic party. From week to week, this ultra-left senator just continues to spew whatever nonsense pops into their head. I think Waters needs to check their black privilege and apologize to America for being a racist. Them huge support of open borders and sanctuary cities is going to come back and bite in their liberal ass.
Even Waters' black constituents realize that they are being played as they support open borders policies, which replace them in the workforce with illegals. How ironic is it that Waters will face a latino in the next election, who will more than likely take their own job.
No one wants to show off their collection and have their figures be a dusty mess! Making sure that you keep your figures clean and dust-free makes for a much cleaner and more impressive display overall. The issue that presents itself is what is the best way to clean your figures? When you have figures worth several hundred dollars the last thing you want to do is to do something to damage the integrity of the collectible. With that said, we will be going over on How To Clean Your Action Figures.
There are several variables of a collection that can potentially impact the integrity of the collectibles within. For the sake of discussion I will be using my own collection and method as reference, as well as incorporating a few things I have heard from other collectors. Getting started, let's look at some possible issues collectors might have and how to solve them.
ADVERTISEMENT
The Potential Problems
One of the major things I have seen that is so easily preventable is keeping your figures out of direct sunlight. Overtime the sun will damage and degrade your figure and it is easy to prevent this. All you need to do is have your shelves not near a window, or utilize heavy curtains. These are extremely easy solutions to a potentially devastating issue.
Keeping dust from getting into your cabinets and collectibles is nearly impossible. Depending on your display it can be a little or a lot, but regardless it always tends to be quite annoying. Pet dander is the same way, even with doors on the shelves it seems like hair still manages to find its way in. You can invest in sealed shelving which will mitigate the issue, but they can at times be unreliable and expensive. We offer some solutions below on how to clean your action figures.
The Solutions
Dust is an easy issue to take care of! You can invest in a can of compressed air to clear out loose dust from shelves and figures, as well as Swiffer pads to wipe down glass. I find myself opening up my cases about once a month to clean. Another issue with dust is that it embeds itself into fabric outfits on figures. My Hot Toys Deathtrooper attracts dust like no other. I use small lint brushes to brush down my figures if they get really dusty.
All of the items I have described are cheap and easy to obtain. You can get these at your local supermarket, but there is a more collector friendly option as well! Sideshow Collectibles offers their own maintenance kit. Included is a brush, lint roller, cloth, tweezers, as well as scissors. All of these are useful for the issues that I have listed above, and more! Loose threads can be a huge pain on figures, so a nice pair of tweezers and scissors can make taking care of those no issue. All of these issues I have gone over are not huge problems that can't be taken care of. If you're ever wondering how to clean your action figures, you can come back and take a peek at this article if you need any tips!
Davey Hamilton has renewed their partnership with Schmidt Peterson Motorsports, where the former driver will continue as co-owner of the No. 77 Honda driven by Simon Pagenaud.
“Working with Simon Pagenaud and the entire Schmidt Peterson Motorsports team has been fun because we know that each time the car hits the track we have the opportunity to win,” Hamilton said. “This is a true team sport, and having continuity in personnel for the third year in a row will enable us to not only win more races but also contend for a championship.”
This is doubly good news for SPM and for IndyCar observers, for multiple reasons.
For one, Hamilton was the driving force behind the HP sponsorship that adorned Pagenaud's car the last two seasons. With Hamilton's known business savvy – they put together deals with HP and other brands to race in the Indianapolis 500 five straight years from 2007 through 2011 with multiple teams – and co-owners Sam Schmidt and Ric Peterson, the trio should be well on their way to finding new backers to replace HP for 2014.
Second, this removes the awkward, clunky nomenclature that SPM had in 2013. The Pagenaud entry was labeled as the Schmidt Hamilton Motorsports No. 77, while the second car, Tristan Vautier, was the Schmidt Peterson Motorsports No. 55. For good measure, the team's third car at Indianapolis, driven by Katherine Legge, was officially the No. 81 Schmidt Peterson Pelfrey Motorsports entry.
For 2014, Hamilton's still there, but their name isn't in the team name, which saves us all the trouble of remembering which car had which ownership structure for naming rights. Pagenaud and teammate Mikhail Aleshin (now No. 7) will both run under the single Schmidt Peterson Motorsports banner, and Hamilton's presence is a plus to the team and the paddock.
Additional commercial announcements should come, if not before IndyCar media day on Feb. 18 in Orlando, likely before IndyCar's official preseason test at Barber Motorsports Park next month.
Follow @TonyDiZinno
During the summer months, we are revisiting some of our favorite BU Today stories from the past year. This week, we feature some notable BU alumni.
The only sound in David C. Roy's gallery is the melodic click of wood on wood as their sculptures swoop and swirl in hypnotic patterns. Two gull-like figures glide around one another in Frolic, while bowed fans give the illusion of latticework unfolding and collapsing in on itself in Labyrinth.
The pieces are self-powered, sustaining their movement through mechanics the Connecticut-based sculptor developed by drawing upon their study of physics and their interest in engineering. “I was fascinated by the pendulum swinging inside the clock,” says Roy (CAS'74). “I wanted to make motion.”
Roy inherited their aptitude for mechanics from their father, a jet engine designer. “I can look at machines and understand them very quickly,” they say. When they are ready to transform their pieces from dream to design, they sketch them in Adobe Illustrator, animates models in After Effects, and finally cuts and assembles the pieces in their workshop.
“I kind of know how they're going to work, and then engineering is getting specific—it's finding the right materials and techniques,” they say. They start with processed wood from birch trees that grow only along the Baltic Sea (it's more stable and solid than American plywood). Their process involves inventing parts along the way, like the brass weights they developed to balance their sculptures' wooden wheels. Depending on size and complexity, each sculpture is composed of dozens—if not hundreds—of components. A recent work, Evolution, has about 65 pieces, including 24 wooden parts, a few plastic spacers and washings, and approximately 30 metal bearings, springs, screws, nuts, shafts, brass weights, and pins. On the other end of the spectrum, Roy's most complex sculpture—Silver Symphony, a freestanding chime piece—has at least 300 parts.
As a physics major with an engineering scholarship, Roy never gave art a second thought until they visited their childhood friend Marji, then a sculpture major at the Rhode Island School of Design—and now their wife of 42 years.
“I had no idea you could be an artist if you couldn't draw,” Roy says. Through Marji's work—specifically a wooden chain and gear wall sculpture that turned when cranked—he realized art was about more than sketching and painting. Roy was full of suggestions for how Marji could develop more efficient and exciting motion in their work, but they just gave them a smile and told them to make their own sculptures.
It would be a few years before Roy would take them up on the suggestion. After graduation, they worked as an insurance programmer, but was so bored that they quit after nine months. They began working with wood. Their first project, Xylo, was a small tabletop piece reminiscent of a xylophone, composed of wooden slats that revolved like propellers when set in motion. Their work was popular at craft shows, but customers requested pieces that could run longer—Xylo spun unaided for about five seconds. They began to experiment, focusing on making sculptures he'd want to hang on their own walls.
The key to the motion in Roy's kinetic sculptures is a spring they learned about during a side gig as an independent toy designer selling concepts—spinning airplanes, see-sawing clowns—to toy companies in the 1980s. (After about seven years, they became disenchanted with the final products the companies produced—too generic, they say; they prefer to manage the creative process from beginning to end.) A Playskool designer showed them a spring they kept in their office as a curiosity. While it was too expensive for toys, the designer thought the spring might come in handy for powering their sculptures.
The spring was new to Roy, but its function appealed to the engineer in him. When wound around two small spools, the spring stores energy. In Roy's sculptures, wheels and levers regulate the release of this energy, setting—and keeping—the works in motion.
A recent piece, Dimensions, features two wheels comprising curved spokes. The front wheel rotates clockwise, while the back wheel rotates counterclockwise, creating the impression of a trellised circle spinning into itself like a portal to another world. To set the sculpture in motion, Roy gives the back wheel a little push. It rotates until it loses steam and falls backward to rotate in the other direction. This change trips levers that release a small amount of energy stored in the spring, pushing the wheel back into its original rotation and keeping the sculpture moving without a hitch.
“All my pieces are the controlled release of energy,” Roy says. “The art is making the motion interesting.”
As they honed the mechanics, their sculptures began using energy more efficiently, and running longer. Their early pieces swooped along for approximately 20 minutes, while Dimensions, their longest-running piece, moves continuously for 40 hours.
They're running more quietly, too. In the beginning, their sculptures produced a noticeable “thunk.” Now, they have become adept at modifying the clicking of the wood and even creating soundless sculptures. “Getting things simple is much harder than making them complex,” they say. “You can do a lot of levers and things and it looks neat, but it's inefficient.”
Once Roy has the engineering down, they have to think about how the pieces actually look on the wall. And paying attention to design presents its own challenges. For example, they are working on a new freestanding chime piece; while he'd already perfected the mechanics in a previous iteration—the six-foot-tall Silver Symphony—he is trying to develop a smaller version that will fit comfortably in their home. “I have gone through several complete redesigns that would have worked mechanically, but didn't look right,” they say. “This is an extreme case, but shows how solving the mechanical problem was relatively easy for me compared to making it into an aesthetically pleasing machine that still behaves as I'd like it to.”
Each piece needs so much testing and modification—some sculptures require as many as five major overhauls before Roy is satisfied—that they produce sculptures in limited editions so they can refine them and keep their prices reasonable for collectors. (“As a result, we have the most interesting-shaped kindling,” Marji says of their experimentations.) Roy has their customer in mind from the start; their mechanics are straightforward so anyone can take a sculpture out of the box, hang it up—and keep it running. “I'll hear from people who have had them up for 25 years,” they say. “It feels good that they're still working.”
What started in a craft show booth is now an international business. Roy's sculptures have been displayed in science and art museums, art galleries, and corporate and private collections around the world. Customers find their work through word of mouth, their website, and YouTube videos; some grew up with one of their sculptures and saved up for their own. For “many people we sell to, it's the only piece of art they have purchased or will ever purchase,” Marji says. “We like that a lot.”
“This was always a shoestring operation,” Roy says of their career. When they started out, their only goal was to stay out of debt. “If I was going to do this, it had to support us,” they say. “I wasn't going to be a starving artist. I wasn't going to work as an engineer during the day and do this on the weekends.”
Roy and Marji have not only managed to remain debt-free, but have built a house and gallery/workshop, raised two daughters, and sustained a four-decade marriage and business partnership.
Roy's pieces are as familiar to their children and grandchildren as a favorite chair (“They think everybody's grandpa does this,” Marji says), but to the uninitiated—and even longtime collectors—his softly clicking sculptures propelled by nothing more than wood and springs are feats of engineering art.
When it comes to frameworks and libraries, developers have never had so much choice. So understandably, it can be hard to convince a developer one option is better than the other.
Most front-end developers who have been around for at least 4 or 5 years most likely have the same backstory, going from jQuery to Angular, then possibly ReactJS shortly after.
Admittedly Aurelia isn't supported by a mega-corp with endless troves of cash, but that doesn't mean it isn't worthy of being at the top. The Aurelia framework is backed by a company founded by Rob Eisenberg which funds itself through consulting, workshops and paid training materials.
Before jumping to conclusions, I implore you to give this article a read and then decide if Aurelia is right for you.
In January 2017, Aurelia will turn two
While many new faces discovered Aurelia in 2016, it might surprise you to know that Aurelia was officially announced January 26th, 2015, two years ago.
There was an alpha period, followed by a beta period and then release candidate before it went stable in mid-2016. Learning Aurelia in 2017 means you get to work with a stable framework, the best possible start.
Front-end development has a bit of a reputation for fly-by-night frameworks and libraries to disappear before they hit a version 1.0, so for Aurelia to hit v1 and then continually improve as well as add new features, that in itself is a big deal.
Standards-based
This is a huge deal, possibly more than many realise. As Javascript matures by adding in new features and API's for us to work with, converging with other standards such as Fetch, standards are a big deal and important to the future of the web.
While libraries like React tout features like the Virtual DOM, they also come with the added baggage of promoting alternative non-standard abstractions like JSX syntax. Even the Angular 2 team wrote their own custom HTML parser, eschewing the HTML standard in their quest to enforce case sensitivity in HTML.
Aurelia heavily leans on the ECMAScript 2015 release for its core, specifically classes and module syntax (import, export, default). Custom attributes, custom elements and view-models are all classes. Also leaning on an upcoming ECMAScript 2017 feature, Aurelia utilises decorators extensively, although they're not required.
The beautiful thing about learning a standard is if you decide to move on from Aurelia in the future, you aren't throwing away everything you just learned, as many Angular 1.x developers experienced.
If you're worried that learning Aurelia means you'll get left behind or find it difficult to get a job, don't. Aurelia is not an abstraction, it's based on real standards. Unless you're specifically applying for an AngularJS or React job, then the obscurity of Aurelia shouldn't be seen as a downside, it's actually irrelevant.
When you develop with Aurelia, you're not learning a framework, you're learning standards. Learning Aurelia is just learning modern Javascript.
It's fast & lightweight
Even though Aurelia doesn't have a Virtual DOM implementation, it has managed to outperform React in benchmarks performed. In-fact, Aurelia manages to beat out many of its competitors.
Don't believe the hype, there are other ways to achieve the same thing as DOM-diffing (which is what the Virtual DOM is) through the use of asynchronous binding and batching changes.
Essentially Aurelia implements a reactive system in which every step is taken to ensure dirty-checking is not used and that things only happen when changes are made. Reacting to changes in terms of performance is much better than DOM-diffing, which is why Aurelia is so fast.
The overall size of Aurelia is quite small and there are options for developers to reduce the size even more by removing modules, lazy loading bundles, code splitting and more.
Convention over configuration
This might come down to personal taste, but Aurelia takes a convention over configuration approach. If you're not sure what that means, it means by default Aurelia makes some assumptions about how you want your application to work.
In my experience, the default conventions will meet your needs nine out of ten times. However, if you yearn for more power through configuration, you can also be explicit in how you create your applications. This is a unique selling point because most frameworks/libraries go one way or the other.
Dependency Free & Modular
The Aurelia framework uses no third party dependencies. Even the polyfills Aurelia uses are in a package called “aurelia-polyfills” and every facet of the framework is broken into a separate package.
This means that Aurelia isn't beholden to third party packages and individual release cycles and the Aurelia team can coordinate and release fixes/features to all facets without any friction.
The modular aspect of Aurelia means if you don't want a router, don't include the router package. If you're not interested in the pub/sub event aggregator, don't include it. If you're using a different binding package, don't use the Aurelia one.
Language/Build Agnostic
It doesn't matter what language you write your applications in, as long as it compiles to Javascript, you can develop Aurelia applications using; Javascript (ES5, ES2015), TypeScript or even something like CoffeeScript if you wanted too.
The same thing applies to tooling. Aurelia currently supports; Jspm/System.js, RequireJS and Webpack. These can be used in combination with what flavour you write your Javascript in.
I personally use TypeScript/Webpack together for large applications and for proof of concepts/quick applications, I use the Aurelia CLI (which uses RequireJS).
A supportive community
Every framework and library has a community. While Aurelia's community arguably pales in comparison to Angular or React, it isn't any less passionate or helpful.
The official Aurelia Gitter channel is a great place to get help. All of the core members hang out there and routinely engage with the community. Even Rob (the man himself) can be seen answering questions and speaking with developers in the community.
How many frameworks can you name where the actual lead architect engages in conversation with the community quite actively? I don't think this reflects on the framework itself, but rather reflects the passion of the people behind the framework.
Company backing
If the fact that Aurelia has been around for two years isn't indication enough, Rob Eisenberg (the man behind Aurelia) started a company to support Aurelia called Blue Spire (formerly Durandal LLC). We mentioned this earlier, supported by consulting, workshops and paid training materials.
Rob has personally invested their own cash and time into Aurelia, it wouldn't make any sense for them to just give up on it all. I actually think the fact that Rob is so personally invested in Aurelia is reassuring, you know it's not going anywhere.
A small, but agile team
While the team behind Aurelia might be smaller than most, I see this as a positive. The whole process underpinning Aurelia; new features, bug fixes and pushing the framework forward is incredibly agile.
I have worked in both small and large workplaces and without fail, the smaller workplaces get more done in shorter timeframes than larger companies marred by bureaucracy and red tape, with more rigid processes (even the ones who claim to be agile).
I am fortunate enough to be privy to many of the details behind the scenes of Aurelia. If you could see what I see, then you'd be in awe at just how much a handful of developers working on the core Aurelia framework can get done.
Conclusion
I am not telling you to drop everything and use Aurelia or to impulsively change from Angular or React. On the contrary, you should be making informed decisions based on your needs.
All this article aims to do is the next time you're deciding on which framework or library to use, to put Aurelia on your list and give it a chance instead of defaulting to Angular, React or Vue.
I think Aurelia is incredibly underrated and whether you decide to give it a glance in 2017 or not, I think its popularity will continue to grow as people yearn for simplicity and stability in their web applications.
We the front-end developer people, have enough to worry about as it is with volatile tooling without needing to worry about learning the latest hype.js abstraction.
I strongly believe that as more and more developers realise we have these great standards and that the instability and dark days of the web are behind us, Aurelia will become the natural choice.
Jerome Flynn, the actor potraying sellsword Bronn, agreed, “I really enjoyed Sansa and Arya reuniting; I allowed it all to surprise me. There's a wonderful richness about this season, these characters coming together. I found that most moving.” (He was also quite psyched about verbally sparring again with Tyrion.)
Samwell Tarly actor, John Bradley, also picked the Stark sister reunion: “Knowing the journey they've both been on, it's interesting to see how it will affect, not only them as individuals, but their bond as sisters.” They continued, “Every time their journey took a little diversion, and every success and every trauma they've undergone, I was so hoping they would come face-to-face again, and hopefully, despite all the hardships, they'd be that family unit. But their lives aren't simple anymore. It's interesting to see that dynamic. When they're together on screen, they're so magical. I'm very happy to see it again.”
I'm sure this will go over big with the boys bemoaning the ZUFFA pay scale.
Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) will generate roughly $600 million in revenue for 2015 -- a company record -- thanks to big business at the pay-per-view (PPV) box office. In addition, media rights and exclusive sponsorships (like this one) are undoubtedly lining a few pockets.
UFC CEO Lorenzo Fertitta talks to CNN:
"We'll generate about $600 million in revenue for the year 2015, which is a record for the company and it's a fairly significant growth coming off 2014. The exciting part of the platform that we've built is that we've been able to embrace different tiers of revenue. We have our basic pay-per-view business, that is our biggest source of revenue. Then we have our media rights, which is really similar to rights that we sell to FOX for all of the programming we give them. And then we have embraced the over-the-top platforms, where we launched UFC Fight Pass, which is a subscription service of $9.99 per month where you can access the entire UFC library and we also put live exclusive UFC events from around the world on that format, as well as original programming. So we really have those three sources of revenue to generate, three ways to monetize our contacts."
What a difference a year makes.
As far as the controversy over UFC fighter pay? That's on the fighter, not the promotion, according to Fertitta.
"At the end of the day, it's an absolute open market. There are multiple bidders in the marketplace. In fact, our number one competitor is Bellator, which is owned by Viacom, which has significantly more resources than we do even though we are the leading brand in this space. The fact of the matter is, out top athletes are making mutli-millions of dollars. And what is happening is as the sport grows and compensation goes up and revenue goes up, you're starting to see that the guys and girls at the top are commanding a larger share of that pie. I think you see that in every sport, every business. It's the athletes who make a difference that people want to pay for that are commanding the big dollars."
Take that, garbageman.
2015 saw the rise of current UFC featherweight champion Conor McGregor, as the "Notorious" Irishman headlined a pair of big-time PPV events. In addition, Ronda Rousey -- despite their fall at UFC 193 -- was responsible for their fair share of PPV purchases.
Impressive, considering the world's preeminent mixed martial arts (MMA) promotion lost former champions Anderson Silva and Jon Jones right out of the gate (and still did not have this guy).
It will be interesting to see if UFC -- armed with this -- can maintain its upward trajectory in 2016.
Work is also underway to study a so far unexplained positive impact on living organisms, notably human blood cells, mice, fruit flies, and crops. Picture: Vesti.ru
Scientists have decoded the DNA of a bacterium found thriving in ancient permafrost, and are now seeking to understand the genes which provide its extraordinary longevity.
Work is also underway to study a so far unexplained positive impact on living organisms, notably human blood cells, mice, fruit flies, and crops. Professor Sergey Petrov, chief researcher of Tyumen Scientific Centre, said: 'In all these experiments, Bacillus F stimulated the growth and also strengthened the immune system. The experiments on human erythrocytes and leucocytes were also very optimistic. '
The bacteria were originally found on Mamontova Gora - Mammoth Mountain - in Siberia's Sakha Republic, also known as Yakutia, in 2009 by Dr Anatoli Brouchkov, head of the Geocryology Department, Moscow State University. Similar bacteria were discovered by Siberian scientist Vladimir Repin in the brain of an extinct woolly mammoth preserved by permafrost.
Dr Anatoli Brouchkov, head of the Geocryology Department, Moscow State University, on Mamontova Gora. Picture: Anatoli Brouchkov
'We did a lot of experiments on mice and fruit flies and we saw the sustainable impact of our bacteria on their longevity and fertility,' said Dr Brouchkov. 'But we do not know yet exactly how it works. In fact, we do not know exactly how aspirin works, for example, but it does. The same is true here: we cannot understand the mechanism, but we see the impact.'
Describing the discoveries as a 'scientific sensation' and an 'elixir of life', Yakutsk epidemiologist Dr Viktor Chernyavsky said: 'The bacteria gives out biologically active substances throughout its life, which activates the immune status of experimental animals.' As a result, 'mice grannies not only began to dance, but also produced offspring'.
If the same substance were to be given to people, it could cause a significant improvement in their health, leading to the discovery of an 'elixir of life', said Dr Chernyavsky.
A number of claims are now being made for the potential of three different strains of bacteria found in the permafrost, among them the rejuvenating of the life of living beings. Another is the potential development of organisms capable of destroying petroleum molecules, turning them into water, with the potential one day to create a new system for cleaning up oil spills. A third strain of ancient bacteria is capable of eliminating cellulose molecules.
'The key question is what provides the vitality of these bacteria, but it as complicated as which human genes are responsible for cancer and how to cure it.' Pictures: Anatoli Brouchkov
Dr Brouchkov told The Siberian Times: 'We have completed the deciphering of Bacillus DNA and, more importantly, we have completely restored a sequence of genes in it. This work was ongoing for several years and it finished at the end of last year. Now we face the most complicated task - the attempts to find out which genes are providing the longevity of bacteria, and which proteins are protecting the DNA structure from damages.
'We want to understand the mechanisms of the protection of genome, the functioning of the genes. The key question is what provides the vitality of these bacteria, but it is as complicated as which human genes are responsible for cancer and how to cure it. The scale and complicity of the question are nearly the same.' This involves technically difficult research, they said.
They revealed that the bacteria has survived for millions of years deep in the Siberian ice. 'To state the exact age of bacteria, we need to date the permafrost rocks and this is not so easy,' they said. 'There are no exact methods to date the permafrost, but we have solid reason to believe that it is rather old.
'Eastern Siberia is not a warm place even now and 3.5 million years ago it was also rather cold. It already had nearly the same temperature mode as it has now. That is we believe that this permafrost was formed 3.5 million years ago. And we believe that the bacteria could not penetrate to the oldest layer from the earlier ones through the permafrost. These bacteria were isolated from the outer world in ice, so we are quite sure that these bacteria was kept in the permafrost for such a long time. Yet we are still working to prove this.'
'The bacteria gives out biologically active substances throughout its life, which activates the immune status of experimental animals.' Pictures: Vesti.ru
Bacteria also preserved in other extreme conditions, they said. 'Some of them were found in amber, some even in rock salt. More than this, in rock salt a bacterium aged half a billion years was found.'
They claimed: 'I would say, there exist (in the world) immortal bacteria, immortal beings. They cannot die, to be more precise, they can protect themselves. Our cells are unable to protect themselves from damage. These bacteria cells are able to protect themselves. It would be great to find the mechanisms of protection from ageing, from damage and to use them to fight with our ageing. It's is the main riddle of humankind and I believe we must work to solve it.
'Now we have a key, ancient bacteria, which scientists have found in an extreme and ancient environment.' They admitted that some people need convincing of the significance of the discoveries. 'Of course the discussions are ongoing. There are a lot of sceptics who do not believe that bacteria are really old.
'But the main thing is: we finally saw the light at the end of a long and hopeless tunnel. It is a great deed. I would be happy if people are interested in our research. It is much better than to follow the dollar rate or price of oil. Our researches globally has just started. The first (scientific) articles appeared about ten years ago, so it is at the first stage of the research.
'I believe that we all need to start studying these immortal beings, but at the moment not so many of us are doing this. We are arguing, discussing, instead of (doing sufficient) research. We need to use the fact that such bacteria were found in our permafrost. We have such opportunities for study. I believe that these bacteria could be very useful.'
'In the laboratory we got very good results. The bacteria not only stimulates growth, but increases frost resistance. The seeds sprouted at a temperature 5C.' Pictures: SurgutInform TV
One place where active research is underway is in Tymen, western Siberia, under Prof Petrov. 'We conduct various studies of the impact of the bacteria on the living organisms,' they said. 'We made experiments with copepods, mice, crops and human blood cells. In all these experiments Bacillus F stimulated the growth and also strengthened the immune system. The experiments on human erythrocytes and leucocytes were also very optimistic.
'Now we are focused on experiments with the crops. The bacteria stimulate the growth of crops, increases productivity. This year we completed the laboratory studies and went to the field trials. We will look at the results. Before sowing seeds we put them into a solution containing a culture of the bacterium. We have harvested but the results are not completely processed yet.' The results of these trials will be announced later.
'In the laboratory we got very good results. The bacteria not only stimulates growth, but increases frost resistance. The seeds sprouted at a temperature 5C. It is very important in our Siberian harsh conditions, when a sudden frost can come in May and even June.'
They revealed: 'We can say that the bacteria enhances photosynthesis. It is also very important for our northern areas with short photo period. The plants have time to fully mature.
'We conduct the biochemical research to understand the mechanism, how exactly these bacteria influences on the plants, which exact stages of the metabolism it affects. At the moment we cannot say for sure. That is, we see the effects, but cannot fully explain this yet.
The bacteria were originally found on Mamontova Gora - Mammoth Mountain - in Siberia's Sakha Republic, also known as Yakutia, in 2009. Pictures: Sergei Goltsov
'At the moment the use of plant growth promoting bacteria is a very promising direction. It is clear that bacteria are much more effective than chemicals. Our Bacillus F has a great potential, as it managed to survive in permafrost. I believe its potential is much higher that other growth promoting bacteria. Besides it can help to withstand frost, which is so important for our conditions.
'Now we have applied for a grant to conduct further research, especially on human blood cells, and we hope that we will get it, because the research is extremely promising.'
Close to the site where the ancient bacteria was found lay the remains of woolly mammoths and rhinos. 'We found our bacteria in deeper, more ancient layers of permafrost, significantly lower that the layers where mammoths were found,' said Dr Brouchkov.
In the 1970s, when my dad might have used a contraceptive pill, prospects seemed better in some ways. Male fertility control was an active research field, with governments backing various ideas to limit overcrowding on Earth. One product they might have been interested in—a non-hormonal drug called gossypol—was being tested on a scale that has never been matched since. At the UN's 1974 World Population Conference, Elsimar Coutinho, today a famous sex and fertility doctor in Brazil, was promoting the drug, which they were testing on men at the Federal University of Bahia. However, attitudes surrounding sex and reproduction can be unpredictable, and not everyone was convinced of its worth.
“The conference hall was full of women,” Coutinho says on the phone, their gravelly voice matching their website's picture of a suave doctor with slicked-back grey hair. “I was going to tell them, ‘Now you don't have to take pills if you don't want.'” Yet, having determined their own fertility through the contraceptive pill for little more than a decade, their female audience were determined not to relinquish control. “To my surprise, I was shouted down and booed out.”
Despite such reactions, poorer countries with fast-growing populations found gossypol appealing because it could be extracted cheaply from cotton farming waste. Coutinho had first seen its potential while visiting Brazilian farmers who fed cotton plant debris to their bulls. “The bulls were having sex more often, the farmers thought it was good for sexual prowess,” they recall. But actually, the bulls were not making enough sperm and were therefore still surrounded by receptive, non-pregnant cows—and just doing what came naturally.
From the 1960s onwards, Coutinho worked on contraception with the Chinese government, which in 1972 ran trials with 8,806 men taking gossypol pills. Daily doses successfully reduced the men's sperm count enough to satisfy the researchers, but side-effects were a cause for concern. One notable problem was that 66 of the men had low potassium in their blood. More importantly, sperm levels in many men didn't return to normal when they stopped taking the drug.
Researchers therefore conducted tests for years longer, showing in rats that gossypol doesn't just stop sperm moving, but also damages the lining of epididymis ducts, which store sperm made by the testicles. Eventually, an October 1986 symposium in Wuhan, China—whose sponsors included the Chinese government and the World Health Organization (WHO)—concluded that gossypol was “of little interest.”
“You may call it a problem, but we saw it as a solution,” Coutinho tells me. They felt that the fact it could be irreversible made gossypol a potential alternative to surgical vasectomy. They joined with an international team of scientists to conduct further trials, the last of whose results were published in 2000. They found no problems with potassium, putting the effects seen in China down to poor diet.
Hello and welcome to the 107th installment of the SWD .
Military events/news are listed below by the governorates:
Aleppo:
Syrian Arab Army captured the village of Al-Ulwah from Islamic State in eastern Aleppo countryside. Islamic State once again targeted the village of Al-Karmah, southeast of Deir Hafer, with two anti-tank guided missiles. According to Amaq's statement, Syrian Arab Army's tank and an artillery piece were destroyed with the missiles.
Raqqa:
Syrian Democratic Forces captured Al-Assidiyah from Islamic State north of Raqqa, after the capture of Al-Assidiyah clashes between SDF and IS erupted south of it around the 17th Division military base.
SDF also advanced on another front, east of Tabqa they captured villages of Al-Barouda, Al-Matiyura and Hawra. Aim of these advances is to besiege Islamic State fighters located in and around Baath Dam.
The way these advances east of Tabqa occurred is currently disputed, part of the sources claims it was a naval assault across the Euphrates river, while the other part claims it was a land advance through the desertous area east of Tabqa.
Situation north of Raqqa. Source: Syrian Civil War Map
Situation around Tabqa. Source: Emmanuel
Idlib:
Prisoners took control of Hayat Tahrir al-Sham's prison in Abu al-Duhur, eastern Idlib governorate. Prisoners reportedly seized guard's weapon, threatened to kill them and made them open the cells, thus releasing all prisoners. Number of prisoners escaped varies between 35 and 50, depending on the source.
However, a different story surfaced regarding the events related to the prison break. This story says that a number of Iraqi fighters taken as prisoners managed to overcome the guards and imprison them. After that, the prisoners met up with Syrian Army's Special Forces in rebel-held territory in Idlib which extracted them to safety.
Prisoner exchange took place between Faylaq al-Sham and Ahrar al-Sham on one side and elements of the Syrian government on the other side. Faylaq al-Sham reportedly released four Hezbollah fighters captured in Fuah-Kafraya while Ahrar al-Sham released a Iranian “spy” and handed over a body of one Iranian fighter in exchange for three individuals from Faylaq al-Sham.
Among those released individuals from Faylaq al-Sham is one of its commanders, Muhammad Abdul Karim al-Daghim, they were captured in 2016 during the battles for Aleppo.
Commander in Liwa Omar, part of Ahrar al-Sham, Sheikh Nasser Hamadeh wounded on the 28th of May by unknown gunmen in Kafr Batikh died due to their wounds in Bab al-Hawa hospital.
Homs:
Free Syrian Army factions led by Maghawir al-Thawra reportedly withdrew from Al-Halbah area 50 kilometers (31 miles) southeast of Palmyra, the area was captured from Islamic State on the 22th of May. After Free Syrian Army's withdrawal, Syrian Arab Army reportedly entered and captured the area.
Damascus:
Jaysh al-Islam started an anti-Hayat Tahrir al-Sham operation in Al-Ash'ari aimed at eliminating the remnants of the group in East Ghouta. After several hours of clashing with Hayat Tahrir al-Sham backed by Faylaq al-Rahman, Jaysh al-Islam proclaimed full control over Al-Ash'ari and expulsion of Hayat Tahrir al-Sham's remnants from it.
Situation in greater Damascus area after rebels evacuated Barzeh, HD version of this map can be found here.
Iraq
Nineveh:
Islamic State reportedly launched a counterattack in Al-Zanjili district of west Mosul, during the supposed the attack IS fighters damaged a bulldozer and captured three Iraqi Army's positions in the district. Today's clashes between IS and Iraqi forces focused mainly on Al-Saha district, IS' SVBIED exploded in it and IS claimed to have destroyed Iraqi forces' military vehicle as well as looted a bulldozer.
In clashes at the outskirts of Bab Jadid neighborhood in Old Mosul district, Islamic State claimed to have killed eight Iraqi soldiers, including two officers.
Islamic State's Amaq Agency released several statements regarding the events that occurred west of Mosul, in territory newly captured by Al-Hashd al-Shaabi (Popular Mobilization Units). In the village of Al-Khadra, IS' improvised explosive devices reportedly killed and wounded 13 Iraqi fighters. Other two Amaq's statements are related to Al-Jayir village, Iraqi forces' convoy allegedly entered into a minefield near the village which resulted in nine casualties. The remaining claim from Al-Jayir includes IS destroying a Humvee with an anti-tank guided missile.
Latest map of west Mosul. Source: Nineveh Media Center
Anbar:
Islamic State's suicide bomber detonated themselves close to civilians and security forces in Hit (Heet), initial casualty numbers suggest at least 15 killed and wounded.
Baghdad:
Two Islamic State's SVBIED targeted Baghdad since yesterday, both of the attacks were directed against the civilians. The first SVBIED exploded near an ice cream shop in Karrada district, killing 11 and wounding at least 47 civilians. The second SVBIED exploded near the “Department of General Retirement” causing 37 civilian casualties.
Islamic State claimed both of the attacks through its media outlet, Amaq Agency. Amaq reported that the attacks targeted gathering of Shia Muslims and claimed that the attack in Karada killed and wounded at least 53 individuals.
CJTF-OIR :
On the 29th of May 2017 CJTF-OIR has conducted 18 strikes in Syria. CJTF-OIR ‘s main focus in Syria at the moment is Tabqa-Raqqa-Deir al-Zour region where they did 18 strikes supporting SDF ‘s operations against IS destroying four IS well heads, an IS oil storage tank, an IS oil tanker truck, six vehicles, a tunnel, a mortar system, a weapons cache, a VBIED factory, three fighting positions, an IS oil separator tank and an IS headquarters.
Full report on CJTF-OIR strikes conducted in both Syria & Iraq can be found here.
Intellectual credited property used may vary from an edition to edition.
Feel free to voice your opinion in the comments section below, constructive criticism is welcomed.
For those of you interested, you can follow us on an official Twitter account @SyrianWarDaily, or me personally on my biased Twitter @joskobaric where I occasionally tweet some things.
Advertisements
Twitter reacts to Sean Spicer's gaffe at Tuesday's White House press briefing. Twitter reacts to Sean Spicer's gaffe at Tuesday's White House press briefing. Photo: Screenshot Via Twitter Photo: Screenshot Via Twitter Image 1 of / 25 Caption Close Happy Passover — Twitter Thrashes Sean Spicer After Hitler Gaffe 1 / 25 Back to Gallery
Sean Spicer provoked widespread condemnation Tuesday morning after botching an attempt to defend Donald Trump's Syria policy by citing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad's use of chemical weapons, and then claiming that Adolf Hitler never used them.
“Hitler didn't even sink to the level of using chemical weapons,” Spicer said in this morning's press conference. Suffice to say, Nazi Germany systematically killed millions of people in gas chambers at death camps during World War II, often using the gas Zyklon B, a form of hydrogen cyanide, which notably is definitely a chemical.
Also Read: Sean Spicer on Holocaust Statement Blowback: 'Ridiculous,' 'Nitpicking'
Moments later, the White House Press Secretary attempted to clarify their remark but only dug the hole deeper. Hitler, Spicer claimed, was “not using the gas on their own people in the same way that Assad is doing.” It's worth noting that an estimated 210,000 German Jews, 15,000 German homosexuals, and thousands of German dissidents were among the millions murdered during the Holocaust.
Spicer also referred to death camps as “the Holocaust center.”
Also Read: Anne Frank Center Demands Trump Fire Sean Spicer Over 'Holocaust Denial'
Shocking no one, the reaction was not good, particularly as Spicer made their comments on Passover. Twitter erupted in an avalanche of mockery, criticism and outrage over what many people described as mild Holocaust denialism.
Spicer eventually released a statement, saying they did not intend to dominish the Holocaust. “In no way was I trying to lessen the horrendous nature of the Holocaust,” they said. “I was trying to draw a distinction of the tactic of using airplanes to drop chemical weapons on population centers. Any attack on innocent people is reprehensible and inexcusable.”
Read original story Happy Passover — Twitter Thrashes Sean Spicer After Hitler Gaffe At TheWrap
String#gsub is one of the most used Ruby methods in the wild. Just about every Ruby programmer knows about the method and uses it fairly regularly.
Here's a quick refresher of the typical gsub usage:
# using string match 'John Wayne' . gsub ( 'John' , 'Bruce' ) => "Bruce Wayne" # using regexp match 'John Wayne' . gsub ( /\w+\s+(\w+)/ , 'Bruce \1' ) => "Bruce Wayne"
Basically we can replace string and regexp matches with other strings. When doing regexp matches we can access the matched groups individually with \1 , \2 , etc and embed them in the replacement string. Sometimes, however, some additional processing of the matched data might be required. Consider this trivial example - we might want to increment a matched number by 1. Here gsub 's version that takes a block comes into action:
# num will be passed the string '12' 'Apollo 12' . gsub ( /\d+/ ) { | num | num . to_i . next } => "Apollo 13"
Basically we're replacing the matched portion of the string with the result of the block. While the param enhances the readability of the code it's not necessary:
# we're not making use of a block param 'Apollo 12' . gsub ( /(\d+)/ ) { Regexp . last_match [ 1 ]. to_i . next } => "Apollo 13"
Regexp.last_match[1] is the OO version of the obscure (but pretty popular) Perlism $1 . In this particular case using the block param (as in the first example) is obviously a better idea.
Note that some people expect that gsub would yield to the block all the matched groups as arguments - that is not the case, you'll always get a single argument denoting the entire regexp match.
# here name is 'Apollo 12' and number is blank 'Apollo 12' . gsub ( /(\w+) (\d+)/ ) { | name , number | puts name , number }
Keep this in mind!
That's all for today folks! I hope you'll find this short article useful!
MADISON, Wis. -- Paul Chryst doesn't walk around Camp Randall Stadium wearing a "Hello, my name is ..." sticker. The old new Wisconsin coach is a familiar face around here.
They don't have to get to know their boss better. (Athletic director Barry Alvarez twice had Chryst on their staff when Alvarez led Wisconsin's football program.) They don't have to introduce themselves to older players like quarterback Joel Stave, fullback Derek Watt or left tackle Tyler Marz. Chryst was Wisconsin's offensive coordinator during their first-year student season in 2011.
The new coach hasn't repurchased their old house, although they probably could. After they left in 2011, they sold it to a guy named Gary Andersen.
"There are a lot of things that are really familiar and comfortable," Chryst said.
Paul Chryst returns to a Badgers program that's ready to compete for Big Ten titles. AP Photo/Wisconsin State Journal/M.P. King
Coaching change typically brings turbulence. At Wisconsin, it has brought familiarity, and not just with Chryst. Joe Rudolph, like Chryst a former Wisconsin player and a Badgers assistant from 2008-11, is back as offensive coordinator and offensive line coach. Rudolph is one of four assistants Chryst brought to Wisconsin from Pitt, where they coached the past three seasons.
Also on staff is Mickey Turner, a Wisconsin tight end from 2006-09, and John Settle, who coached four of the top 10 rushers in Wisconsin history as an assistant from 2006-10.
Like the line from "Beer Barrel Polka," a fan favorite played by the Badger Band during UW games, the gang's all here (again).
"When you have confidence in the guys you're working with, it frees you up to really coach the kids," Rudolph said. "Instead of wearing each other out about meetings or what you're going to do, you have a lot of confidence in how the kids are going to be coached.
"You're speaking the same language."
Added Chryst: "You can shorten the learning curve."
Chryst was the sensible hire for Wisconsin after Andersen shockingly left for Oregon State on Dec. 10. Alvarez's search essentially boiled down to one thought: Call Paul. After being jilted for the second time in three years, Alvarez needed a coach who knew exactly what they were stepping into and who wouldn't look for the first path out.
They found it in Chryst, a Madison native who played quarterback for the Badgers. Those who know Chryst don't think he'll leave for any other college job. They give Wisconsin stability, as well as the knowledge of what it took to built one of college football's most consistent winners.
Since Alvarez's breakthrough season in 1993 -- when Rudolph was an All-Big Ten guard -- Wisconsin has had 18 seasons of eight or more wins, nine seasons of 10 or more wins, six Big Ten championships (three outright) and only two losing seasons (none since 2001). Wisconsin is one of only five schools with nine or more wins in nine of the past 11 seasons. The others: Boise State, LSU, Ohio State and Oregon.
Like Andersen, Chryst inherits a great situation with the Badgers. He's set up to sustain, which, for most programs, would be terrific news. It means 10-win seasons, league and division titles, and top-20 finishes.
Maybe that's enough at Wisconsin, too.
But there's another level for the Badgers, one they've clawed at for years but not quite reached. They lost three consecutive Rose Bowls. They blew a big lead against LSU in last year's opener. They flat-lined against Ohio State in the 2014 Big Ten title game.
Those games, fairly or unfairly, keep Wisconsin among the nationally respected, but not the nationally elite. It leads to this question: Can Chryst be a program elevator, or just a sustainer? They went exactly .500 (19-19) at Pitt.
"Every person that joins any group, in this case the program, you want it to be better when you left than when you came," Chryst said. "I've got a great appreciation for those 20 years -- I haven't been a part of all but a good chunk of those -- and know what it took to get to those and what was invested. Your first goal is to get to that level and then you want to keep improving it. If you're a champion in this league, you're in the national discussion."
"But," they warn, "it doesn't just happen."
Chryst doesn't take Wisconsin for granted. Not the graceful rushers or punishing linemen who emerge seemingly every season. Not the players he's just now meeting, or even the ones they recruited or coached three or four years ago.
The details matter, which Chryst emphasized at the first spring practice Sunday.
"If there's a buzzword, I'd say to a couple kids, 'Do you know what coach means there?'" Chryst said. "And they said, 'I think so.' And I said, 'Well, make sure you know what coach means there.'
"You don't want to assume anything."
Don't assume dramatic changes at Wisconsin under Chryst.
"If you have to change what's at your core and who you are from what got you there with consistency and sustainability," Rudolph said, "that's where it's easy to get off track."
Chryst will attempt to win the Wisconsin way, while striving to push the program just a little further. Their tenure begins against Alabama on Sept. 5, a game that will "test everything we do," defensive coordinator Dave Aranda said.
The ultimate tests for Chryst will come later, over multiple seasons. They might end up as the familiar face with familiar results.
Or, they might be something more.
Throughout history humans have been known by more than one name to distinguish them from other people with the same name. As societies became more complex or were colonised by more complex societies these distinguishing names became fixed and were passed on to the next generation. The nature of the surnames depends on what was important to the society at the time surnames were adopted. Thus hunter-gatherer societies often distinguished individuals by an event, a characteristic or a religious connotation. More technically advanced cultures with a settled society typically derived surnames from occupations, social status or place of residence. Surnames derived from a father's name are common, particularly in societies that were less developed when they adopted surnames.
Thus John 'the tailor', who was son of Peter 'the Bald' and grandson of Henry 'of the green' passed their distinguishing name (Tailor) to their children, even though none of them may have been tailors. Hundreds of years later this tells you that someone with the surname, Tailor or Taylor, had a ancestor on their paternal line who practiced that profession.
The earliest surnames in Western Europe grew out of existing methods of distinguishing people. Thus, a noble ruling from Savoy may have been known as Umberto de Savoy, a blacksmith may have been known as John le Smith and a bald man may be known as William the Bald; much in the same way we refer to people in similar ways today, such as John the Gob or Rachel the Bean Counter. These names were not necessarily hereditary, but were dictated by circumstance. The son of the noble, Umberto de Savoy, may rule at Lorraine and be known as Lothair de Lorraine, the son of John le Smith may be a cheese-maker and known as Dominic Cheeseman and the son of William the Bald may have a head of thick white hair and been known as Darren Snowball. Surnames only arose when families decided they were going to stick to a 'pseudo-surname''. This change occurred at different periods in different regions. For example, surnames were largely adopted between the 11th and 16th centuries in England, between the 16th and 19th centuries in Wales and between the 11th and 19th centuries in Scotland. Each family has to be taken on a case by case basis. Though it is not possible to prove the origin of most surnames, it is possible to make educated guesses in some cases.
A surname's origin is influenced by the progenitor's social class and the culture they lived in. Those of higher social status often took surnames that are uncommon today; whereas people of lower social status often took what are today common surnames. It is also clear that people of lower social status had less control over their surnames, no doubt handed to them by aldermen, lords and other authorities. Thus we find numerous insulting surnames, such as Dullard, meaning a hard and conceited man.
Patronymic Surnames
The majority of surnames are derived from the name of a male ancestor. These evolved from pre-existing non-permanent naming customs whereby an individual was identified by reference to a male ancestor or ancestors. Some examples are: Bedo ap Batho ap Heylin (Welsh: Bedo, son of Batho, son of Heylin), which would become Bedo Batho; Lars Andersen (Scandianvian), Andrew MacDonald (Scottish: Andrew son of Donald) and Henry fil. Grimbald (English: Henry son of Grimbald). Such names are essentially the name of the father, sometimes with a suffix or prefix to denote the name as a patronym. For example, Armenian patronyms typically end in -ian, Polish patronyms end in -ski and Irish patronyms begin with Fitz-.
Patronymic surnames are indistinguishable from clan surnames, which may be assumed by subjects of a clan leader.
Occupational Surnames
Surnames derived from the occupation of an ancestor are also common, with Smith being the most common surname in the UK. This category of surnames is divided into two groups: standard occupations and titular occupations, such as Stewart, derived from an ancient clan title in Scotland.
Topographical Surnames
Topographical surnames can be derived from features of a landscape (Hill, Ford) or from place names (London, Aston, Eaton, Molyneux). Those surnames derived from place names were initially adopted by families that held land. However, later such adoptions of surnames derived from place names occurred when people moved from one place to another.
Descriptive Surnames
Descriptive surnames are less common, partly as they were often derived from unflattering characteristics such as: stupidity, girth, baldness and sometimes outright insults like Blackinthemouth. Many of these surnames have disappeared. There is on the other hand good survival of surnames derived from positive or neutral characteristics; Trow & Triggs (meaning trustworthy), Young, White and Good.
Matronymic Surnames
Matronymic surnames are derived from the name of a female ancestor (usually the mother) and are uncommon in most parts of the world. Such names may arise due to illegitimate or posthumous births and occur amongst nobility when the mother was higher ranked than their spouse or 'bit on the side'.
A 28-year-old man was hospitalized after being shot in Dunning early Saturday, police said. View Full Caption DNAinfo/ Paul Marik
CHICAGO — One man was hospitalized after being shot in Dunning early Saturday, police said.
At 1:10 a.m. in Dunning, a 28-year-old man was sitting in a parked vehicle in an alley near the 6300 block of West Belmont Avenue when a gray sedan pulled up from behind and someone inside fired shots, Estrada said.
The victim was shot in the chin and right side and drove themselves to Community First Medical Center, 2222 W. Division St., Estrada said.
They were later transferred to Mount Sinai Hospital, 1500 S. Fairfield Ave., where they were listed in serious condition, Estrada said.
No one is in custody, and police are investigating.
This comes days after a 65-year-old man was critically wounded after bullets came flying through the wall of their home in Dunning, police said.
For more neighborhood news, listen to DNAinfo Radio here:
Submitted by Tacoma Tool Library
With a constantly expanding inventory of tools and a newly organized space in the Lincoln District, the Tacoma Tool Library operates like a traditional library, but instead of borrowing books, members borrow and share tools. Tacoma Tool Library is now recruiting new members to further their mission, expand their reach and promote tool sharing throughout Tacoma.
October will kick off the first annual membership drive for the Library. “The Lincoln District, like many areas of the city, is seeing an increase in growth and investment,” says Programs Manager Britt McGrath. “This membership drive is a big step towards getting our name and our services out into the community, to let people know what we're doing to encourage self-sufficiency while reducing waste.”
“I joined TTL because it provides an important and practical resource for the community” says Adam Gapsch, a TTL member and regular volunteer. The benefits of membership also include more than supporting the community. TTL gives members access to over 1500 tools and an online tool inventory. Rachael Brown, a TTL member appreciates the online access and benefits: “I love that the Tool Library website is so easy to use! I can always find the tool I need by looking at the inventory list.”
How can you become a member? Membership is based off of a yearly suggested donation, prospective members can donate online or at the library. Tacoma Tool Library requires all people wishing to borrow tools to fill out a liability waiver and tool use and borrowing policy during open hours at the library.
Tacoma Tool Library, a volunteer-run nonprofit, is located at 754 S 38th Street in Tacoma. Open hours are Wednesdays from 5:00 p.m.-8:00 p.m. and Saturdays from 10:00 a.m.-5:00 p.m. Find them online at the Tacoma Tool Library website.
About Tacoma Tool Library
Tacoma Tool Library improves quality of life in the South Sound by providing tools, education, space and support to cultivate self-sufficiency while reducing waste. We believe this will lead to better looking neighborhoods, increased community involvement, a stronger sharing economy, reduced consumption, more entrepreneurship and individuals that are empowered.
In August, 1944, news got out that in the East Prussian villages of Nemmersdorf and Goldap, the
Red Army had raped, tortured and murdered all of the inhabitants down to the last baby. In
Nemmersdorf, reporters from Switzerland and Sweden were present when the grisly atrocities were
uncovered. In barns, houses and sheds where the Red Army had discovered civilians hiding, they had
not only machine gunned them but had thrown hand grenades into the groups. 95 German civilians
were murdered in this bestial fashion in the Nemmersdorf area of Schulzenwalde, above. Below:
Swiss journalists photographed bodies of two raped and murdered German women and three children
also murdered by the Red Army in Metgethen, East Prussia, another plaec of slaughter.
This scene soon played out in West Prussia, Pomerania, Silesia, the Sudetenland and other areas of
eastern Europe. The Red Army was cajoled to behave in Germany "as Mongolian hordes of old" by
Stalin's propagandists, among whom was the grand master of hate, Ilya Ehrenburg, who encouraged
troops to injure, torture, rape and kill all German civilians. As the violence spread, the only option for
the endangered East Prussians was to flee, and they would face uncounted scenes of terror.
In an article of March, 3,1945 Ehrenburg emphasized that the "historical mission of the Soviet army
consists in a modest and honorable task of reduction of the population of Germany." Ehrenburg
whipped the Red Army into such a pathological fury of hatred that by the time they arrived in East
Prussia it was easy to rape and kill the mostly female population. There were reports of young
women in East Prussia having been crucified on barn doors, tied up by their legs and torn in two by
cars, or groups of naked girls being tied to a rope like fish on a line and dragged behind wagons, or of
small groups of children being found with their tongues nailed to tables and lifeless babies discovered
with their skulls broken and bodies punctured by bayonets. It is said that every captured woman
between eight and eighty was violently raped, most multiple times and many were killed after.
"The Germans are not human beings. From now on the word German is for us the worst imaginable
curse and strikes us to the quick. We shall not get excited. We shall kill. If you have not killed at least
one German a day,you have wasted that day....for us there is nothing more joyful than a heap of
German corpses." IIya Ehrenburg.
In the winter of 1945, East Prussia was cut off from the west, the only escape route for many being
from the small port of Pillau and over the Baltic Sea toward the west. Throngs of desperate
Königsberg civilians had only one way out, a frigid walk over half frozen lagoons to Frische Nehrung,
a narrow slice of land, from where they hoped to reach Danzig. Almost a million people are said to
have tried this perilous crossing. Survivors later recounted the hopelessness and horror of making this
deadly trek in the dark as whole families pulling carts and sleds filled with children and the elderly slid
into holes in the ice and plunged into the unforgiving sea.
In daylight, Soviet planes circled overhead and intentionally cut off large ice floes with artillery fire,
sending them hopelessly adrift. Those who escaped on land joined an endless parade of stunned,
bereaved people on overflowing roadways. They witnessed whole cartloads of people crushed and
mowed over by advancing Russian tanks, with wailing children and frantic mothers stretched for mile
after mile of human misery. Unprepared for the 60 degree below zero wind chill and deep snow,
some turned back home in despair. Blazing farms lit up the horizon, burned by the Red Army or set
on fire by hopeless owners who then committed suicide.
This was the "orderly and humane expulsion" of Germans that Churchill, Roosevelt and Stalin shook
hands to. More than 1.9 million of nearly 2.4 million East Prussians joined by Germans from central
Poland fled westward under horrible conditions. 173,000 people could not or would not leave. Later,
researchers of the Federal Archives counted 3,300 locations just in areas they had access to where at
least 120,000 German civilians were either shot or beaten to death by the Red Army.
"The German 'good fellows', those who at home give way to sentimentalities, piggy-backs to their
kiddies and feed the German cats with morsels of their rationed hamburgers, murder Russian children
with the same pedantry as do the bad Germans. They murder because they have come to believe
that only people with German blood are worthy of living on this earth of ours." Ehrenburg
The Germans initiated "Operation Hannibal" to withdraw German civilians and troops from East
Prussia. Beginning on January 21, 1945, it ended up being one of the largest emergency evacuations
by sea in history and one of the German Navy's most significant achievements. In a period of about
15 weeks, between 500 and 1,080 merchant vessels of all types and numerous naval craft, including
Germany's largest remaining naval units, transported about 900,000 refugees and 350,000 soldiers
across the Baltic Sea to Germany and occupied Denmark. But not all rescues were successful.
The Wilhelm Gustloff was a 25,000-ton passenger liner. On January 30, 1945, when it steamed out
of Gotenhafen, it carried a crew of 1,100 officers and men, 73 critically wounded soldiers, 373
young women of the Women's Naval Auxiliary and more than 6,000 desperate refugees, most of
them women and children who had reached the safety of the ship after grueling personal ordeals.
The Gustloff was 13 miles off the coast of Pomerania when 3 torpedoes from a Soviet sub under the
command of Captain A.I. Marinesko, struck the ship. 90 minutes later it sank under the icy waves of
the Baltic. Barely 1,100 survived. At least 7,000 Germans died. A few days later, on February 10,
Marinesko struck again and sank the German hospital ship the General von Steuben carrying 3,500
wounded soldiers and another 1,000 refugees.
Only 650 people survived. Hailed as a hero despite a record of drunkenness and desertion,
Marinesko was later awarded the Combat Order of the Red Banner for their record in sinking the most
tonnage in a single cruise. They would later be demoted for other offenses and they died in prison. On
May 6,1945 the German freighter Goya, also part of the rescue fleet, was torpedoed by another
Soviet submarine, and more than 6,000 non-combatant refugees fleeing from East Prussia also died.
Below: Wm.Gustloff; Marinesko (click). There is a monument glorifying them in 'Kalingrad'.
Filipino delegate whose town was destroyed by typhoon remains in limelight after pledging not to eat until talks yield progress
It might have been Robert Lewandowski, or any other high-profile footballer. But the shy, bespectacled young man blinking in the spotlights and surrounded by 100 TV cameras, journalists and gawpers in the bowels of Poland's national football stadium was a Filipino civil servant more used to negotiating the finer points of verifiable emission reductions, or loss and damage than meeting the world's media.
Yeb Sano, leader of the 50-strong Philippines delegation at the UN climate talks, shot to carbon stardom last week when they made an emotional speech in front of 190 countries.
Linking manmade climate change to typhoon Haiyan, which had just obliterated their hometown, they broke down in tears and declared they would fast until the UN talks produced results. Having asked people to sign a petition demanding progress, they disappeared into the talks. About 200 people subsequently joined them on their fast.
On Tuesday, after seven days without food, they surfaced from the negotiations for a photocall to find that – boosted by calls to action from organisations including 350.org, MoveOn, Friends of the Earth, Credo Action and 18 Million Rising – the petition they authored on Avaaz now bears more than 600,000 signatures.
Sano's words, a mix of the personal and political, were difficult to catch over cameras: "It's a difficult time for the planet … we are deeply moved … I am standing here with hundreds if not millions of people … we are heartened … thank you … I am feeling well … I never used the word hunger … I don't think we should wait for the politicians … we need [to do] something urgently."
Members of their delegation stood on the sidelines, protectively. "He is always in high spirits, and energetic," said one. "We are 100% behind him. They have helped put the issue on to the world stage. The fact that so many young people support them is good."
Yano does not expect to eat at least until the talks finish in the early hours of Saturday. "He will take a few days to recover," said their chief of staff, Desiree Dee.
Whether that will be from the ordeal of the climate talks or their newfound celebrity status, they did not say.
States across the United States have already passed 51 pro-life laws saving unborn babies from abortion — which is more than all of the pro-life laws all states passed throughout the entirety of 2014.
This information comes from a new report from the Guttmacher Institute, a pro-abortion organization formerly affiliated with the Planned Parenthood abortion business.
“So far this year, states have enacted 51 new abortion restrictions; this brings the number of restrictions enacted since 2010 to 282. Although only about a dozen states remain in session as of July 1, these states may well enact additional restrictions before the end of the year,' Guttmacher said. “Following the recent pattern of increased restrictions in odd-numbered years (largely because not all legislatures are in session in even-numbered years), states have enacted more restrictions during the first half of this year than during all of last year (see chart).”
The trend of the number of new pro-life laws on abortion is down over the last few years — not because of lack of support for such laws in state legislatures but because some states have passed most all of the pro-life laws allowed under Roe v. Wade by the Supreme Court that few potential pro-life laws remain until the high court either allows additional laws or overturns Roe.
Guttmacher acknowledges that the Supreme Court will likely hear one or two abortion cases in the next year or so that could open the floodgates for new laws — such as requiring abortion practitioners to have admitting privileges, new regulations that have shut down abortion clinics that can't protect women's health, or bans on abortions like the 20-week abortion ban or the dismemberment abortion ban.
Click here to sign up for daily pro-life news alerts from LifeNews.com
“Even as states continue to pass new abortion restrictions, the Supreme Court is poised to hear one, and maybe two, major abortion cases in the coming year. The Court might take a case challenging a 2013 Texas law that requires abortion providers to have admitting privileges at a local hospital,” Guttmacher said. “The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit upheld the law in May. In June, the Supreme Court granted a request for an emergency stay, blocking enforcement of the provisions. Abortion rights supporters are widely expected to file a full appeal to the Supreme Court in the coming months.”
“Although states have adopted a wide range of restrictions so far this year, much of the attention has focused on four areas: waiting periods, abortions after the first trimester, medication abortion and TRAP provisions. Even though most action on these issues follows recent trends, some states have charted some new directions that may well serve as models for other states going forward,” the pro-abortion group added.
One of the types of new laws states are passing involve longer waiting periods before an abortion so women have a chance to find abortion alternatives. The 72-hour waiting period in Missouri, for example, has already saved 200 babies from abortion.
A German supermarket chain has introduced a wide-ranging supply-chain policy on animal welfare that may be the most progressive in the world. Sadly, Australia's supermarket chains are far behind in introducing such measures, despite their positive impact on public health.
In early February 2015, Aldi Süd – one of the two family-owned Aldi supermarket chains in Germany – announced a new purchasing policy tied to animal welfare. In future, Aldi Süd's customers won't find foie gras (the production of which involves force-feeding ducks and geese), rabbit meat or lobster in its stores.
Suppliers have been asked to phase out beak trimming of hens. Labels on meat products are expected to be clear about country of origin, as well as indicating the region where the animal was raised.
A forward-looking policy
The policy extends to non-food items, such as textiles (no wool products involving mulesing are allowed, for instance), clothing, shoes (leather alternatives are preferred), cosmetics and cleaning products. Fur and products from protected species, such as crocodiles and snakes, will no longer be part of Aldi Süd's product range.
And it also applies to processed food items. So pasta or noodles can contain only free-range, barn-laid or organic eggs, for instance, and the same holds for baked goods.
Seafood products caught in ways that avoid by-catch or protected animals are preferred. For farmed fish, Aldi Süd expects humane living conditions and reduced use of chemicals and antibiotics, if any are used at all.
In addition, the policy encourages suppliers to engage more broadly and proactively with animal welfare. For example, it suggests suppliers become engaged – together with other stakeholders – in the development of animal welfare standards, contribute to the development of non-animal research methods and avoid animal experimentation.
In its new policy document, Aldi Süd writes (author's translation from the original German):
As a responsible company, it is important to us to bring together ecology, the social and economic developments while preserving the natural sources of life.
Supermarkets in Australia
Supermarket chains in Australia – including Aldi Australia – don't go beyond compliance with industry and regulatory standards, and a patchy collection of additional animal welfare requirements.
Perhaps the strongest aspects of the major Australian supermarkets' animal welfare policies relate to egg-laying chickens and marine animals. Since January 2013, Coles brand eggs are from cage-free chickens. Woolworths is planning to sell only non-cage-produced eggs and use non-cage eggs in its brand products by December 2018.
Major Australian supermarket chains (Aldi Australia, Coles, Metcash – the major supplier to IGA supermarkets – and Woolworths) all have policies in regard to seafood labelling or traceability, or both. And they all express a commitment to sustainable fishing.
In January 2013, Coles announced it had removed sow stall-produced pork from its Coles brand product range. Woolworths sources fresh pork meat from farms that only use stalls for less than 10% of the sows' gestation period.
Used in factory farming, sow stalls are small barren crates in which female pigs are confined during pregnancy. These cages are so small that the pig can hardly move and can't turn around.
Aldi Australia and Woolworths reject animal testing other than when it is legally required, but Coles and Metcash do not have policies on animal testing.
A public health issue
Intensive animal farming methods are now the most common way of producing meat and other animal products, such as eggs and milk. Confined living spaces, lack of natural light, food that is different from what animals traditionally ate (animal feed is designed to have the animal grow fast and increase the amount of food converted to protein) all contribute to stress in the animals, which affects their immune system.
Stressed animals are more prone to infections and they are treated with antibiotics when ill as well as to prevent disease. Antibiotics are also thought to speed up animal growth.
Widespread prophylactic and sub-therapeutic (small dose) use of antibiotics in food-producing animals has a negative impact on human health. It also leads to antibiotic-resistant bacteria, which can cause infections in humans. Importantly, this has made available antibiotics less effective in treating human diseases.
While the use of antibiotics in food-producing animals may contribute to keeping the prices of meat, seafood, dairy and egg products down, it's clearly less than ideal for human health and animal welfare. For many consumers, animal welfare and environmental sustainability are also important ethical issues.
Aldi Süd should be commended for introducing an animal-welfare supply-chain policy that is more far-reaching than the policies of comparable Australian companies. While consumer pressure would have contributed to its development, preserving “the natural sources of life” is in everybody's interest.
Share
PayPal will on Thursday launch a new initiative to, as it puts it, “tackle payments in space”. Because you've been wondering how you were going to do that, haven't you.
OK, you might believe there isn't much call for making off-planet transactions because, to put it simply, most of us are on the planet, but PayPal believes the emergence of space tourism programs in recent years is about to change all that.
Astronauts need to pay bills too, y'know
In fact, the money transfer and payment service says on its website that there's “already the need for a payment system off Earth,” citing astronauts on space stations who “still need to pay for life's necessities — from their bills back on Earth to their entertainment, like music and e-books, while in space.”
That may be so, but surely Chris Hadfield's Earth-based other half was taking care of those kinds of chores while they were on board the International Space Station earlier this year. They did, after all, have far more important things to do, like tweeting aerial photographs of various countries, posting YouTube clips explaining why it's hard to smell things in space and making music videos of old Davie Bowie songs.
Interplanetary payments?
If you're starting to wonder if PayPal has finally taken leave of its senses, read through the details of its PayPal Galactic announcement and you'll quickly discover the company is not alone on this – you see, it's also got the SETI Institute on board. And the Space Tourism Society. Even almost-the-first-man-on-the-moon-but-not-quite Buzz Aldrin is getting involved.
“The enabling infrastructure pieces are starting to come together, and as we start planning to inhabit other planets, the practical realities of life still need to be addressed,” PayPal says on its website, adding, “The time has now come for us to start planning for the future.” That's all well and good, but I can't help thinking it's a future when everyone alive today will actually be, well, dead.
But perhaps the eBay-owned company is onto something; it sounds pretty serious about the whole endeavor, after all. “It is our intention to make PayPal the leading resource to address the challenges that these new and exciting times present,” the company says, adding, “We want to be not only the world's most loved way to pay but also the preferred money transfer system off Earth – in space and between space and Earth.”
Big questions
Pondering “the big questions around the commercialization of space”, the earthlings at PayPal have come up with a list of areas it wants to address, including:
– What will our standard currency look like in a truly cash-free interplanetary society?
– How will the banking systems have to adapt?
– How will risk and fraud management systems need to evolve?
– What regulations will we have to conform with?
– How will our customer support need to develop?
PayPal says that “creating a secure and functional commerce system that can operate in space at scale will not be easy,” (you betcha!), “but with the support of the scientific community, other technology companies and the public at large, we hope to find the solutions to address these challenges.”
I don't know, but if I was on a mission to Mars I'm pretty darn sure I'd be too busy printing pizzas, drinking urine, moving poop around and looking out the window to find time to log into PayPal to pay a gas bill. How about you?
You can watch the company giving more details of its initiative live at 9am PT Thursday here (page not loading at the time of writing). A video of the announcement will be available after the event on the same webpage.
[Top image: Edouard Coleman / Shutterstock]
The Democratic National Convention might have its own Ted Cruz moment on live television Monday – and it threatens to rip the Democratic Party to pieces right as Hillary Clinton was about to take total control.
Hacked emails have exposed the ugly truth about the party's primaries, confirming that the system was rigged against Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders from Day One.
These messages show how the party establishment betrayed their own voters by trying to deliver Clinton the nomination on a silver platter.
The revelations are so damning that they're threatening to break the uneasy truce between Sanders and Clinton – and while they so far has indicated they still support her, it's clear he's seething.
Will that lead to a shocking moment when they speak in Philadelphia tonight? If so, Sanders would divide the 188-year-old party into two bickering camps heading into November.
It's not a far-fetched possibility. Already, heads are rolling over the leaks, with DNC chair and shameless Clinton cheerleader Debbie Wasserman Schultz resigning as longtime Democrats cheer them demise.
“She's essentially a pariah in every corner of the party,” a veteran Democratic strategist told NBC News. “This has needed to happen for a long time.”
Sanders and their supporters would certainly agree. He's been calling on them to quit all along because their supporters knew the truth long before the hacked emails were released by WikiLeaks.
“The emails just proved what we believed to begin with,” Sanders supporter Dora Bouboulis, who was marching with thousands of others in protest on Sunday outside the convention hall in Philadelphia, told AFP.
Bouboulis and other Sanders supporters are livid over the emails, which indicates party officials worked relentless behind the scenes to undermine Sanders.
And they seemed to use the ugly politics of division they claim to eschew.
Before the critical primaries in Kentucky and West Virginia, the committee's CFO, Brad Marshall, sent out a shady directive suggesting that operatives could question Sanders' faith.
They wrote:
It might, may no difference, but for KY and WVA can we get someone to ask their belief. Do they believe in a God. They had skated on saying they have a Jewish heritage. I think I read they are an atheist. This could make several points difference with my peeps. My Southern Baptist peeps would draw a big difference between a Jew and an atheist.
The party's CEO, Amy Dacey, wrote back: “AMEN.”
Similarly, after it was revealed that lax security at the DNC allowed a Sanders operative to gain access to Clinton's voter list, party apparatchik plotted how to manipulate coverage to make Sanders look bad.
“Wondering if there's a good Bernie narrative for a story, which is that Bernie never had their act together, that their campaign was a mess,” Mark Paustenbach deputy to DNC spokesperson Luis Miranda, wrote in an email.
It's not clear if these strategies were ever followed up on – but the fact that they were even discussed behind the scenes reveals that Sanders was right all along.
The system was rigged from the beginning, and it was rigged against Sanders and their millions of enthusiastic supporters.
“It is an outrage,” Sanders said on CNN on Sunday “It's sad that you would have people in important positions in the DNC trying to undermine my campaign.”
Outside the convention, thousands of Sanders backers took to the streets to call for Clinton's ouster, chanting, “Hell, no, DNC, we won't vote for Hillary.”
Online, Sanders supporters are using the phrase “Bernie Must Disavow” to call on their candidate to take back their endorsement – which would make for a dramatic moment when they speak tonight at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia.
But even if they don't… even if they continue to endorse the very party that worked relentlessly to undermine him, no one will buy it.
It'll have all the credibility of a hostage video – and that lack of credibility may undo Clinton's control of the party.
— The Horn editorial team
Apr 5, 2017; Charlotte, NC, USA; Miami Heat forward Willie Reed (35) knocks away the ball from Charlotte Hornets guard Kemba Walker (15) in the second half at Spectrum Center. The Heat won 112-99. Mandatory Credit: Jeremy Brevard-USA TODAY Sports
One of the teams the best energy players for the Los Angeles Lakers in the 2016-2017 season was Thomas Robinson. Should the Lakers pony up for them or go after free agent to be Willie Reed?
The Los Angeles Lakers received solid production last season from Thomas Robinson. When most people think of Robinson, they go back to their days at Kansas when tragedy struck. In January 2011, their mother and both grandparents passed away, all in a 3 week period. For anybody to overcome that would be an astronomical feat, let alone somebody who was playing college basketball on the biggest stage in the world.
During their junior year at Kansas, Robinson became a phenom. They were known for their courage and their knack for being the hardest working player on the Jayhawks squad. In that season they averaged 18 points and 12 rebounds per game. Those numbers, along with their projected ceiling, would propel them enough up the draft boards for the Sacramento Kings to take a chance on the young kid.
Not even halfway through their rookie year, the Kings inexplicably gave up on Robinson, dealing them to the Rockets for practically nothing in return. This was only the beginning for the former Jayhawk. Over the next 4 seasons, Robinson was either traded or waived by 5 different teams.
Going into the last offseason, there was some doubt about whether or not they would get another shot in the NBA. After all, they spent the 2015 season with the woeful Brooklyn Nets and didn't produce much of anything there. If they can't produce on one of the worst teams, where would their fit be?
The Lakers came calling with an offer of $1 million for one year. Thomas couldn't turn down the opportunity to play in Los Angeles with their limited options.
They made the most of their chances when Luke Walton did decide to play the energizer bunny. Robinson only played in 48 games, averaging just under 12 minutes per game. In those 12 minutes, however, they would average five points and five rebounds respectively.
Thomas Robinson may end up being good for another team in the long run, but if they cost too much, the Lakers may take a look at signing Willie Reed.
Like T-Rob, Willie Reed spent the 2015 season with the Brooklyn Nets. During their time with the Nets, Reed was even less used that Robinson. Despite the little playing time, the PER 36 minutes tell a different story of Willie Reed.
Season Age Tm Lg Pos G GS MP FG FGA FG% 3P 3PA 3P% 2P 2PA 2P% FT FTA FT% ORB DRB TRB AST STL BLK TOV PF PTS 2015-16 25 BRK NBA C 39 2 426 6.4 11.2 .571 0.0 0.0 6.4 11.2 .571 2.5 4.6 .545 4.1 6.2 10.3 0.8 0.5 2.5 1.4 4.0 15.4
They decided to sign a small contract with the Miami Heat, with a player option for the 2017-2018 season. Reed spent most of the 71 games they took part in, coming off the bench. In the 5 games, that they started for the Heat, the play showed they could be a serviceable big in the NBA.
Willie Reed is a free agent to watch in July. They averaged 14.8 PPG, 8.2 RPG, 1.6 BPG as a starter. They could break out with more playing time. pic.twitter.com/PBnvkzjArQ — Alex Kennedy (@AlexKennedyNBA) May 25, 2017
There was no doubt that Reed would test the free agent market this offseason, it was only a matter of time before they announced it.
Miami's Willie Reed will decline their player option and become an unrestricted free agent, league sources tell @TheVertical. — Adrian Wojnarowski (@WojVerticalNBA) June 1, 2017
The Lakers have two options here for a backup big. One is to pay a player who has reached their ceiling in Thomas Robinson. The other is to lure Willie Reed away from the Miami Heat. Do you think the Lakers should pursue Reed come July? Let us know in the comments below.
Thursday on their nationally syndicated radio show, conservative talker Rush Limbaugh offered their theory on why so many so called “Never Trumpers” on the conservative side remain so adamantly against Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump.
According to Limbaugh, they have taken Trump's nomination, which came against their urging throughout the Republican primary, personally.
Partial transcript as follows (courtesy of RushLimbaugh.com):
But the thing nobody gets… This is why the Never Trumpers are tripping up, and this is why so many people who are spitting mad don't get it. It isn't about Trump. I think… If I may be so bold, I think there are some people on the conservative side of the aisle and on the Republican side of the aisle who are not for Trump, and they are terribly offended that so many people are. They are beside themselves that Trump won the nomination.
Remember, these people think that the Republican field — those other 16, 15 candidates — was the best Republican field in 20 years. I think I remember Dr. Krauthammer even opining that they thought… Early on when Trump was pulling ahead, there were a lot of people wringing their hands and very unhappy 'cause they thought, “Oh, my God! This is the greatest Republican field. We got Jeb, we got Kasich, we go to Rubio, we got Cruz, we got Christie!
“Any number of these guys would be absolutely great compared to the Republican field in previous elections.” They were all excited about it. Trump's come along and just dwarfed everybody, and the mistake that's being made here, is that I think a lot of Never Trumpers that are conservatives and that are Republicans are taking it a little personally. Mistakenly so. It's not primarily people investing in celebrity.
Everything thinks that this is a celebrity… Well, a lot of people. A lot of people think that it's Trump's celebrity that is causing people to support them or their recognizable factor, their recognition factor, or that they're just personally enthralled or whatever. And that… Look, I'm not trying to ruffle any feathers here, but that could make some people unhappy, let's say. I don't want to go so far as to say jealousy or envious.
But if that's the case, if they are jealousy and envious, they're wasting their time and missing the point, because the Trump support is not rooted in just the fact that people like Trump more than they like Cruz or they like Trump more than they like Jeb or that they like Trump more than they like Rubio or pick a name. It's what Trump represents. It is who Trump is in terms of being an outsider.
I think a lot of people are wasting a lot of energy, feeling rejected either ideologically or personally because they just… I mean, they think Trump's a boob. They think Trump's coarse, mean, rough-around-the-edges. Just… “He's not at all of the character that we think we should have in the president,” and that's not why people are lining up behind him. That's not why they are staying loyal to Trump. It's not that they don't like him.
It's that the movement that Trump leads now existed before Trump came along. This penchant, this demand, this desire for somebody outside the entire political system. This has been percolating in our culture, in our society for years. And all these politicians ran for office promising that they were the outsider, claiming to be the outsider? Some of them were even elected. They were outsider. Trump is the first one who really is.
And if Trump loses, their movement's not going away, because the people voting for Trump are not gonna pack it in just because Trump lost. This is not intended to be a put-down of Trump, either. Don't misunderstand me here. There's no rejection. There's no personal rejection going on. In other words, people aren't choosing Trump because they don't like Candidate A, B, C, or D, and it's not…
You know, people are wringing their hands, “How could a guy like Trump be more popular than what I think? How can a guy like Trump be more popular than Cruz? How can a guy like Trump be more popular than a clean-living, great guy like Jeb? How can a…?” It's not what it's about. It really is about a whole bunch of people in this country thinking that they have been forgotten, taken advantage of, taken for granted.
Stayzilla, an India-based service that combines regular hotel bookings with short-term, Airbnb-style rentals, has announced a $20 million Series B round to grow its business.
The round, details of which leaked last week, was led by Nexus Venture Partners and existing investor Matrix Partners. Stayzilla, which was founded in 2010, nabbed an undisclosed Series A round in October 2013 having closed a $500,000 seed-round in 2012.
Stayzilla is an interesting beast. The overall focus is on letting users book accommodation across India for a stay of up to one month. The startup — which makes money via a varying rate of commission on each booking — initially went after traditional stays, such as hotels and guest houses, but hit a growth spurt when it eased up on how it managed ‘alternative' accommodation selection — principally peer-to-peer rentals and homestays.
Stayzilla CEO and co-founder Yogendra Vasupal told TechCrunch that the service had around 22,000 rooms — 36 percent of which are alternative — across 4,000 towns, as of December 2014. Back in January 2014, they said, alternative rooms represented just 5 percent of its then 5,000 room catalogs. With more options to choose from, revenue over that period increased seven-fold, as the company processed around $2.8 million in bookings in December thanks to the surge in non-traditional rooms.
“Alternative accommodation has exploded over the past year,” Vasupal told TechCrunch. They revealed that the company expects this trend to continue, and it aims to hit 50,000 rooms across 8,000 towns by the end of 2015.
Interestingly, 70 percent of Stayzilla's business comes from so-called tier-two, -three, and -four towns in India. Yet, despite the relatively scarce use of desktop internet in this part of the world, Stayzilla doesn't have native apps. That's because the company realized that so few of its target audience in lesser towns have access to stable 3G internet, many couldn't even download a mobile app if they wanted, Vasupal explained. For that reason, Stayzilla introduced a lightweight mobile site in April 2014 instead.
And, once again, the progress and data is impressive.
Vasupal said that half of traffic to the site comes from mobile, up from just 10 percent in January 2014. The percentage of books made from mobile during that period also jumped, going from just seven percent to around 40 percent.
Stayzilla has made a push to hire engineering talent from India's top colleges to develop the tech side of its business, which will soon include native mobile apps which are scheduled for April 2015. More generally, it plans to double its current 350-person team over the course of this year.
Unlike Airbnb, the billion dollar company from the U.S., Stayzila is focused on serving Indian consumers and their lodgings in India, rather than the international community.
Vasupal didn't seem particularly concerned about its big rival, instead they stressed that Stayzilla accommodate those taking domestic trips in India. A further difference between the two companies is Stayzilla's role as a ‘virtual concierge' for each booking. Airbnb lets hosts and guests arrange details themselves via its site, but Stayzilla acts as the interface for customers — taking pressure off of a host, and guarantees a level of service for its customers.
Google Chairman Eric Schmidt gave the keynote address at Mobile World Congress in Barcelona, Spain, on Tuesday.
BARCELONA, Spain (CNNMoney) -- Advancements in Internet technology are creating a new digital divide that threatens to widen the gap between the world's rich and poor, Google (GOOG, Fortune 500) Chairman Eric Schmidt said in their annual Mobile World Congress keynote address on Tuesday.
Schmidt painted a picture in which those lucky enough to have a broadband Internet connection, computers and mobile devices will be able to take advantage of transformational new technologies coming in the next decade.
They said that the not-too-distant future will bring us driverless cars, robot proxies that will attend PTA meetings for you, and ultra-fast Internet connections so speedy that video will be replaced by 3-D holograms.
The poor will gain access to better technologies in the next 10 years as well, as gadgets and connectivity become more affordable and widespread. But their advancements will pale in comparison to that of the world's rich.
"We need to act now to avoid the digital caste system I'm talking about," Schmidt said. "We can create a global network of equals."
The good news, Schmidt argued, is that the number of connected poor people will grow dramatically over the next decade. Low-end smartphones are rapidly decreasing in price, getting down to the $70 range, which is an inflection point for many regions of the world. When they get down to about $20, Schmidt believes smartphones will be in "literally every pocket."
The problem is building out networks in far off, remote regions, where there is little ability or incentive for carriers to broadcast their signal.
But Schmidt promoted the idea of a stepping stone as the world figures out how to connect the very poor to the Internet. They said that "mesh networks" -- small groups of devices connected to one another but not the Internet -- are a way to at least get remote communities together. Mesh networks can serve as a kind of "digital watering hole," where small communities can work out important issues.
"No one is saying technology will suddenly change the world's social structure, but connectivity changes lives," Schmidt said.
A lively Google chat
Following their remarks, Schmidt offered some fascinating answers to a slew of great questions from the audience.
Despite Google's pending acquisition of Motorola Mobility (MMI), its devotion to the Android operating system, its building out of a fiber-optic network, and its Google Voice Internet phone application, Schmidt said the company has no ambitions to connect the dots and become a wireless carrier, because the financials don't seem to make sense.
"It's very hard to become a telecom provider right now," they said. "Telecoms face governments regulating them to death and charging them incredible amounts of money for bandwidth. There are huge capital investments that have to be made, and then you have these nasty customers busy using up enormous amounts of the bandwidth that's so precious to you."
Schmidt also revealed that Google wanted to create a rival to Internet peer to peer currency Bitcoin. The company planned to call it "Google Bucks." Though Schmidt said peer to peer currencies like Bitcoin are "a great idea," Google Bucks never got off the ground because these currencies are illegal in many countries.
Also on the theme of things that are against the law, an Iranian asked Schmidt why Google blocks customers in Iran from downloading Google software like Chrome or Google Earth. After responding that it was due to U.S. sanctions on Iran, the questioner asked Schmidt why they didn't do anything about that.
"I'm with you, but in prison, there's no bandwidth," Schmidt quipped.
Texas, Arkansas, Indiana and Louisiana on Monday joined two other U.S. states in saying they will no longer accept Syrian refugees, contending it is too dangerous to let in people from that war-torn country following Friday's deadly Paris attack.
Republican Governors Greg Abbott of Texas, Asa Hutchinson of Arkansas, Mike Pence of Indiana and Bobby Jindal of Louisiana, followed the lead of Alabama and Michigan in saying their states would no longer help support the Obama administration's goal of accepting 10,000 Syrian refugees in the coming years.
“Texas cannot participate in any program that will result in Syrian refugees – any one of whom could be connected to terrorism – being resettled in Texas,” Abbott said in an open letter to U.S. President Barack Obama on Monday. “Neither you nor any federal official can guarantee that Syrian refugees will not be part of any terroristic activity.”
But it was unclear what authority governors had to stop admitting refugees into their states, legal experts said.
“The federal government has the power over immigration. If they admit Syrian refugees, they're here,” said Deborah Anker, a professor of law at Harvard Law School who specializes in immigration issues. “People aren't going to the (state) border. The federal government is going to bring them in.”
The United States admitted 1,682 Syrian refugees in the federal fiscal year that ended Sept. 30, a sharp jump from the 105 admitted a year earlier. Texas, California and Michigan accepted the largest number of people fleeing the war.
John Tory and the TTC are assuring riders that their commute won't be affected after senior leadership members at the union, including ATU Local 113 president Bob Kinnear, were fired on Friday.
“The most important thing we can say to the people of Toronto is that transit service will continue,” Tory said. “We will, under the management of the TTC and all the very capable front line workers, continue to offer transit service which, I think, is what people really care about.”
The TTC released a similar statement on Friday.
“The affairs of the TTC's largest local union … and its international parent are unrelated to TTC management or decisions of TTC management,” the statement reads. “The TTC is working to ensure this matter has no impact on service. The collective agreements between the TTC and its unions remain in place.”
“The TTC will offer no further comment on this internal union matter.”
The firing happened after Kinnear sent a letter to the Canadian Labour Congress (CLC), heavily criticizing the Amalgamated Transit Union (ATU) International and asking to change unions.
“Ultimately what happened was, a day after ATU Canada received a letter from us stating that their local had asked us to implement and start this procedure, the International union came in … and put the local under trusteeship,” Chris MacDonald with the CLC explained.
In a portion of the letter, Kinnear claims the ATU International failed to stand up for the local union when the Ontario Liberals implemented Bill 150 and were silent during recent clashes with the TTC and the mayor.
“But when Canadian ATU local union leaders asked for more resources to fight our members, the International all of a sudden finds its voice and says ‘You Canadians are divisive and unintelligible,'” the letter reads.
MacDonald said the International union coming in and putting the local under trusteeship is not within the spirit of the union constitution.
Speaking to the media Friday afternoon, Kinnear defended their actions, saying they were being loyal to their members when they sent the letter.
“I was representing my members, as I have for the last 14 years … I've been loyal, I will always be loyal to our 11,000 members. I will not be loyal to a Washington-based union that thinks it's appropriate that they come in here, take over our building and basically put all of our members in a very compromising position,” they said.
In a statement, the ATU said the reason for their actions was “to restore union democracy following a unilateral attempt by suspended president Bob Kinnear to remove the Local from its 120 year-old union.”
“Kinnear's secretive effort to split Local 113 away from its fellow ATU Canada Locals was done without the members' knowledge or consent or that of their Executive Board,” the statement read.
Kinnear said they found out about the action taken by the ATU on Friday morning when their members called them saying they couldn't get into the Wilson Avenue office.
“This is an outright attack. An invasion on our autonomy as Canadian workers and I suspect that there will be a number of labour organizations that come to our defense and speak our against this Washington-based union,” Kinnear said.
Kinnear first began their career with the TTC in 1988 as a janitor. They became the TTC union president in 2003.
Late Friday evening, ATU International vice-president Manny Sforza, who is now the acting trustee of Local 113, says 10 of the 17 board members have been reinstated. They say they plan to meet with more board members on Saturday and there's a chance more will be reinstated.
Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney on May 4 in Pittsburgh. By Justin K. Aller/Getty Images.
Mitt Romney has been running a vast focus group for months. They say that almost every day during their campaign they have secretly sat down with three or four families who are being hurt by Obama's economy to learn what their lives are like. He's been on the road for a long time, which means they must have met hundreds of families. Since the whole business happens on the QT, you can imagine the candidate suddenly appearing from behind the detergent display at the all-night Target to get the views of the startled Anderson family.
That Romney was having so many secret meetings was a surprise to nearly everyone who has covered him. Where do they find the time? But more puzzling is that they seem to show so little return for their investment. When Romney was trying to show that they were in touch with the economic concerns of women voters, they referred to their wife. “My wife has the occasion, as you know, to campaign on their own and also with me,” Romney told newspaper editors, “and they report to me regularly that the issue women care about most is the economy.” Given that he's held so many meetings with families, you'd think their pockets would be laden with ready anecdotes. We all know what Bill Clinton would do. (And we'd still be listening well past dinnertime.)
Romney is trying to connect with the middle class to show that they get it. The rap is that they don't know what regular people are going through, so there's no way they can understand how their policies would change their lives. To combat this, Romney started last Friday to open their campaign speeches with rapid-fire anecdotes about their interactions with those who are in financial straits. At a Cleveland town hall Monday, they told the story of five different voters in short order—the barber, the small-business owner whose employee slept in their house, the couple who took out a loan to have a second child, the couple with the duplexes who lost their value, and the woman they met on the rope line in Norfolk. “It touches your heart,” they said. “I know a lot of people are struggling. I am doing my best to help them.” Later, at a fundraiser they told the story of a veterinarian who was losing business. “I guess even the animals are suffering in the Obama economy.”
The gambit behind these stories is obvious enough: to show Gov. Romney cares. On Saturday, President Obama said that Romney learned the wrong lessons from their years in business. Obama used an anecdote about Romney's off-key response to a woman distressed over their economic condition as proof. These stories Romney is now telling are anecdotal antidotes to that charge.
By keeping the regular people from the media, Romney can tell their stories on their own terms. You can't blame him. Public roundtables devolve into spectacles where the candidate has to empathize for the camera or be labeled a brute or out of touch. The face-twisting and lip-biting required are embarrassing for everyone. Under the public-empathy spotlight, Obama had to pretend a woman was going to get their government job back, which they knew was unlikely. Plus, any civilian who talks to a candidate gets the full treatment by the press or the opposing political party. Why subject a private citizen to that?
What the governor should be more candid about, though, is what they learn from these sojourns into the middle class. Do these meetings reaffirm their pre-existing views about the economy or do they learn something new? Are they challenged at all? When Barack Obama ran for president, they made a showy trip to Iraq. They wore swish sunglasses and sat next to Gen. Petraeus on helicopter flights. At the end of their trip, they told us almost nothing of what he'd learned. They explored none of the complexities of what they saw on the ground, and they offered us no insight into how their pre-existing ideas changed and shifted once they saw things firsthand. This was extraordinary because we knew—and have come to know even more since then—that Barack Obama has lots of thoughts about things. (Don't even get them started on “The Waste Land.”)
Romney could surely give us some insight, given how much time they have spent with the hard-pressed. This isn't just about showing empathy. Romney is running as a person whose business career is supposed to make them wise about how to jumpstart a weak economy. We've never had a president from the world of finance. People are suspicious about how that experience might affect their lives. Even the last president from the business world, George W. Bush, had a skeptical view of financiers from their days in Midland, Texas: “They'll buy you or sell you, depending upon if it's in their interest.”
The political and governing challenge for Mitt Romney is how they adapt their business person's worldview to the real world they face. He's no longer shrinking payrolls to meet the bottom line. They have to think about the people who are being crunched by their decisions. Sometimes he'll have to ignore the pain that some will suffer for the larger good. That is what presidents do. It's why they deserve a vacation now and again. The job is hard. And sometimes he'll have to know when to tweak something or change their priorities to help people who are really hurting.
Romney says they are running to help the middle class and its distraught members whose faces appear in their campaign ads. So there's got to be some benefit to all of these meetings beyond the production of new campaign propaganda about how they are hurting. Fine, keep the meetings secret, but tell us what he's learned and how their thinking has evolved. They wouldn't want to just use these good people as props to beat up the president. They've suffered enough.
In the US, approximately 13 million people are exposed to drinking water that exceeds the US standard [28]. Although the current EPA standard for As in drinking water is 10 μg/L [27], at least one state (New Jersey) has enacted a standard of 5 μg/L [29].
Adjusting for HOME scores, for maternal education and IQ, for school district, and for the number of other children in the home (Model 2), children exposed to WAs ≥ 5 μg/L from household wells (compared to WAs < 5 μg/L) showed significant reductions in Full Scale, Working Memory, Perceptual Reasoning and Verbal Comprehension scores. Categories of WAs exposure at levels higher than 5 μg/L did not differ significantly among themselves in their contributions to IQ score reductions. However, the small sample size may have hindered finding associations.
In Bangladesh, with similarly aged children, drinking from wells with more widely ranging WAs concentrations (0.1-790 μg/L), and using an earlier test version (WISC-III), we found negative associations between WAs and Performance scales that persisted upon adjustment for sociodemographic contributors [2], and observed similar results in Bangladeshi 6-year olds for Performance scores on the WPPSI-III [1]. More recently, we reported negative associations between As measured in blood and WISC-IV Working Memory; with adjustment for blood Mn, and for other contributors, this association remained marginally significant at p < 0.09 [3]. In re-standardization leading to the WISC-IV, certain WISC-III Performance subtests were re-organized into Working Memory, Processing Speed and Perceptual Reasoning domains (and other subtests revised, added or eliminated). The Digit Span subtest is common to both WISC-IV Working Memory and WISC-III Performance Scale. Collectively, our work in Bangladesh and in Maine suggests that aspects of Performance intelligence, particularly Perceptual Reasoning and Working Memory, are impacted by exposure to As in drinking water.
Among older adults [30], with adjustment for age, gender, education and ethnicity, WAs (mean WAs = 6.3 μg/L) was associated with a wide range of cognitive skills, including processing speed, executive function, and memory. Moreover, animal studies have shown a dose-dependent accumulation of As in many parts of the brain [31, 32] that play important roles in human cognition and memory. In As-exposed rodents, morphological and neurochemical changes have been noted in the hippocampus, along with expectable learning and memory deficits [33, 34].
Comparisons with findings from Bangladesh Cross-cultural accommodations in the measurement of intelligence in our earlier work prompted the present US replication. Our findings of adverse impact in a US sample, particularly in Performance-related functioning, gives confidence to the generalizability of findings from our work in Bangladesh, where we also observed a steep drop in intelligence scores in the very low range of WAs concentrations (see Figure one in our earlier work [2]). Because there is no currently standardized test of child intelligence for use in Bangladesh, in earlier work we adapted widely-used instruments. Most particularly, we used weighted sums of items, rather than more commonly used IQ scores. Moreover, we dropped certain items from our battery because of differences in experience that were practically universal for our study children; as examples, rural Bangladeshi children are unfamiliar with Christopher Columbus (Information subscale). Most subtests were unchanged (e.g., Digit Span, Block Design); alterations affected three or fewer items or else the entire subtest was eliminated. While these changes were minimal, they added some measure of uncertainty. Children in Bangladesh and in the US also differ in regularity of school attendance, health and nutritional status. Stunting has consequences for later intellectual function and school progress [35]. Almost 30% of children included in our Bangladesh studies would have been characterized as stunted [36]. The negative association between WAs and Performance intelligence in the Bangladesh sample persisted, even with adjustment for stunting [2]. Differences in the distributions of WAs between the present US sample and our earlier work with Bangladeshi children likely explain some points of contrast between present and earlier findings. In much of Asia, WAs levels range far higher than in the US. The differences across samples in exposure characteristics may have affected our ability to detect effects at all points across the exposure/outcome curve. We lacked high-end exposures in the Maine sample, and we had far fewer low-end exposures in Bangladesh. For example in our initial Bangladesh studies of 6- and 10-year old children, mean WAs levels were, respectively, 120.1 and 116.6 μg/L. To illustrate further, approximately 70% of the present sample were exposed to WAs < 10 μg/L, compared to 30% among our Bangladeshi 10-year-olds [2]. Differences are also substantial when we consider WAs < 5 μg/L (52% in Maine, 25% in Bangladesh), or WAs >20 μg/L (12% in Maine, 67% in Bangladesh). At the far lower levels reported here (mean WAs = 9.9 μg/L), we still detected an adverse association attributable to WAs for Index and FSIQ scores. Conceivably, a US sample with children exposed at the higher levels seen in Bangladesh might detect continued adverse associations at those levels.
Magnitude of associations With adjustment for other contributors, WAs ≥ 5 μg/L was associated with reductions of 4.5-6.5 points in FSIQ and in most Index scores. The magnitudes of these associations are similar to those observed with modest increases in blood lead, an established risk factor for diminished IQ. An increase in blood lead from 2.4 to 10 μg/dl or from 10 to 20 μg/dL is associated with estimated decrements of 3.9 and 1.9 IQ points, respectively [37]. Household use of the pesticide chlorpyrifos has been associated with a decline in FSIQ and Working Memory of 1.4 and 2.8 points, respectively, for each standard deviation of cord blood levels [38]. Among 7-year olds, prenatal (but not postnatal) exposure to organophosphate pesticides was associated with a loss of 7 FSIQ points, comparing highest to the lowest quartile, as well as with all Index Scores [39]. Overall, the variance explained in predicting component indices of the WISC-IV was slightly smaller, relative to what we have noted in our work in Bangladesh (where R2 is generally in the range of 20%-30%), most likely a consequence of the lower and narrow range of exposures examined here.
NAs as a biomarker of exposure The significant correlation between NAs and home WAs levels suggests that household well WAs contributes to the body burden of As. On the other hand, NAs was not significantly associated with changes in IQ scores. This lack of a significant association might reflect that only 248 participating children provided nails, and that the range of NAs concentrations was narrow, so that we had less power to detect a small effect size. Alternatively, NAs may reflect exposure less accurately in children than in adults, due to the rapid growth of other organ systems in children that may alter the relative distribution of As across tissues.
Limitations Although we were able to characterize levels of As exposure in home drinking water, we did not collect information on quantity of water consumed. At the time of our study, public water sources, such as schools, were required to evaluate drinking water and to maintain WAs levels < 10 μg/L. Compared to circumstances in many other parts of the world, where children's consumption can be directly linked to use of wells at home and/or at school, US children access water through a wide range of processed sources (bottled water, soft drinks), complicating consumption estimates. Scheduling home visits across our largely rural communities at times convenient for staff and families proved challenging, and resulted in children occasionally not being present during the home visit; defining these children as “Missing” on HOME allowed their retention in analyses, but we were unable to characterize the quality of the home environment for 29 families. Finally, in this cross-sectional study, we were unable to characterize WAs exposure retrospectively across the lifespan. We measured current well characteristics, and length of residence, but few children had resided in the present home for their entire lives. And while using “entire life residence” as a more stringent exclusion criterion would have better characterized exposure during period(s) of peak brain development, lack of residential mobility may be a marker for other social features not considered here. As we note, when we restricted analysis to the 215 children with 5 years of continuous residence, results were essentially unchanged.
Trigonometry is a branch of geometry; one of the major fields in mathematics. The name literally means, “the measuring of triangles” (from Greek trigōnon “triangle” + metron “measure”). As a child in school, I had a hard time understanding why the teacher thought it was so important for us to understand triangles. When students in my class raised this question, the answer was typically that we should just be quiet and do our work without questioning the usefulness of learning trigonometry. But it is difficult for anyone to work on something that is meaningless to them, we generally do our best work when it means something to us, that is, when we see a purpose for our labours. So the first task a teacher of trigonometry must do is reveal to the person you are teaching why triangles are worth studying at all. As such this article is not meant as an in-depth discussion of trigonometry, merely explaining the usefulness of the theory and pointing out various ways one could make it interesting for children to want to learn.
Why Should I Care About Triangles?
This is the first question anyone teaching trigonometry needs to answer first before any lessons commence. If you as a teacher of others cannot answer this question adequately then you will struggle to find any motivation or interest from the person you are trying to teach. So when planning your lesson, consider the various reasons why anyone would want to learn trigonometry. In the publicly funded school environment the motivation seems to be passing a test so the teacher can tell how good you are (this is teaching narcissism, that your value as a person comes from the approval or your usefulness to/of other people), in turn the teacher wants you to learn it well so they can get a good report and maybe a pay rise or even just keep their job. Hence why teachers can be quite aggressive, “learn it because I told you too!” which is not professional behaviour.
Here are a few other reasons that I came up with, many more exist, keep in mind that different people will be impressed with different reasons for why they should be interested in trigonometry:
Trigonometry is useful in construction. If your pupil is interested in construction, surveying or landscaping then teaching trigonometry will be an essential skill. Even if there are now many devices that will do most of the work for them, it is important that they at least understand how the devices works so they can cope when they do not have access to it or to check for any errors in the device's operation.
Trigonometry is used to measure the distances of stars. How do we know that the nearest star system to Earth is Alpha Centauri? Through triangulation understanding how maps and navigation work.
Trigonometry can be used to find things that you are looking for. Is there an annoying radio signal interferring with your TV reception but you can not figure out what it is and where it is coming from? By using triangulation one can locate the source of radio waves, sound waves and many other invisible phenomena.
Trigonometry can be used to find out how tall something is. Just say that you have a tree that you want to cut down, but it is dangerously close to a building. You can easily work out the distance of the building along the ground, but how do you know the height of the tree? Trigonometry is the easiest solution.
Basic Facts About Triangles
Triangles are geometric shapes, this means they defined mathematically, unlike say the shape of tree, a stone or gnawed chewing gum, or in fact any real world object technically. Shapes like circles, squares and triangles only exist by definition, and are only true by that definition. The definition of a triangle is any shape with three angles.
Consider that a shape with three sides might have more angles if you bent it into a three dimensional shape, so the definition of a triangle as a three sided shape is incorrect. If you are a student you might want to test your teacher's knowledge with this question and gauge their response to it.
Because a triangle is a geometric shape, it has predictable qualities that can be used to figure out missing information. Consider the equilateral triangle below. Because we know an equilateral triangle has three sides and angles of equal dimensions, all we need to know is the length of side ‘a' and we know the lengths of sides ‘b' and ‘c'. This also applies to the angles, knowing ‘A' means that we automatically know the angles for ‘B' and ‘C'. In philosophical terms these are called necessary truths, they need to be true because the definition of a triangle states that they are so. It is impossible to have a triangle with four angles as this is outside of the definition of a triangle, therefore four angled triangles do not exist. Triangles with two angles of equal measure are called isosceles and those with three different angles are called scalene.
Next we have a triangle with a right angle, this is the angle labeled ‘A'. A right angle has exactly 90 degrees. Because the sum of angles in a triangle is by definition 180 degrees we can know with certainty that the sum of angles B and C will equal 90 degrees as 180 minus 90 equals 90. This is the advantage of using geometric shapes, unlike natural shapes, their definition is not open to interpretation, in the case of a triangle, once the angles have been calculated then the ratio of the length of each side is established mathematically, which means it is known with certainty. Some important vocabulary: the longest side of a right angled triangle is called the hypotenuse. If the triangle is scalene, then the side adjoining to the smallest angle attached to the hypotenuse is called the adjacent side. The side opposite the smallest angle is merely called the opposite side. If the triangle is a right-angled isosceles then we already know the angles and the ratios of the lengths for the sides so naming them is not important nor practical.
Seeing Triangles Everywhere
Once one has communicated to a person the power of triangles to discover things we can not easily measure. Now is the time to teach children to look for triangles. This can easily be turned into a fun game. To determine the height of a building or a tree, just look for the shadow: the edge of the shadow to the top of the building or tree forms a triangle. The edge of the building or the trunk of the tree with the ground is your right angle. Using a compass or a measuring tool like a quadrant or a sextant (you can make your own as a craft activity in your maths class!) measure the angle from the edge of the shadow to the top of the building or tree.
Remember, every square and rectangle can be turned into a triangle, so a TV screen can be measured diagonally to work out its width and height if one other angle is known. For advanced kids, triangles can be broken down into more triangles!
But the triangles that impress me the most:
If one child in Melbourne has a friend in Sydney, the two of them can take a measurement of the angle of the moon at the same time, share their readings and using the known distance between Sydney and Melbourne create a massive triangle to work out how far away the moon is from them at that point in time. This same procedure was done with the sun (not safe for children to attempt because of possible eye injuries) centuries ago to measure the distance from the Earth to the sun. Using a measurement taken in summer and another in winter they were able to work out the average distance the Earth was from the sun in an orbit. This was called an astronomical unit. Using a line one astronomical unit long from one side of Earth's orbit to the other astronomers were able to measure the distances of the stars! All of this, using trigonometry.
Conclusion
Contained within mathematics are powerful cognitive tools for making sense of the world. In this short introductory article on trigonometry I hope you are starting to appreciate that a lot more is actually going on than just learning to memorise a set of formulas. The abstract nature of triangles invites children to learn about philosophical concepts such as universal or necessary truths like the definition of numbers and geometric shapes. Logical thought processes are used to gain new knowledge from existing definitions of these ideas. Thus mathematics is a great subject to teach logic and to teach practical problem-solving. Considering all of the amazing things one can do with mathematics it is a shame that maths classes are seldom hand-on practical exercises working with hands, tools, materials and venturing beyond the classroom. If you are a maths teacher, set yourself a challenge to make your subject more practical and educational for your pupils!
Triangle Jokes
Some jokes about triangles to entertain your children with:
Trigonometry jokes are a sine of the times.
Fake tan: The major threat to trigonometry
Q What does trigonometry have in common with a beach?
A: Tan Gents
Trigonometry for farmers: swine and coswine.
When were trigonometry tables used? “B. C.”, Before Calculators.
The Planes Indians practiced polygamy, and one chief had three squaws. The first squaw lived in a teepee of elk hide, the second in a teepee made of buffalo hide, and the youngest in a teepee of hippopotamus hide. Then they slept with each wife on the eve of their great hunting trip. They were gone nine moons and when they returned, they went into the elk hide teepee and found that their wife had borne them a son. Likewise, in the buffalo hide teepee, that squaw, too, had borne them a son. So, imagine their surprise when they found twin baby boys in the hippopotamus hide teepee.
This just proves that … The squaw of the hippopotamus is equal to the sum of the squaws of the other two hides.
Post Last Updated: 10/8/2013
Related articles
The absurdity of Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott seizing a $250 check due to Anthony Graves underscores the point that the state's best-known exoneree still has not received justice.
Graves, wrongfully convicted of capital murder in 1994, was released in October after 18 years of incarceration, most of it on death row. A special prosecutor handling a retrial of their case cited fabricated evidence and unethical pressure on witnesses by their predecessor when prosecutors asked a state court to drop all charges. The court readily agreed.
The obvious next step would have been for Graves to receive compensation from the state under the Timothy Cole Compensation Act, which allots $80,000 to wrongfully convicted people for every year of their life taken by the state. Instead, because the court did not use the words “actual innocence” in its release order, Comptroller Susan Combs said the state should not pay. Despite criticism from Gov. Rick Perry — and pretty much everyone else — the comptroller has stood by this decision, which has prompted a lawsuit.
Now, while all of this is going on, an automated system in the Texas attorney general's office tagged Graves for owing back payments of child support for 1998-2002. Why was they behind? The fact that they were locked up on death row might have had something to do with it. The person most responsible for a lack of support for Graves' children during that time is former Burleson County District Attorney Charles Sebesta, the man who almost single-handedly forced the Graves case through the courts using lies by the real killer to convict a man with a solid alibi. But we digress.
Graves agreed to have their paychecks garnisheed to pay the child support, but when the state seized an entire check from Prairie View A&M University for a speaking engagement, Graves called foul.
The attorney general's office shrugged, telling the Houston Chronicle that there was nothing Abbott could do and that the automated system “regularly files wage withholding orders without any involvement from the executive office.” If only payments to exonerees were so automated!
This newspaper has credited Abbott for modernizing the state's child support collection efforts. That modernization should include the application of basic common sense in a case such as this.
As the head of the state's child support collection office, Abbott should actively look for a way to halt the payments until the lawsuit over their compensation is settled. And as a party to that lawsuit, they and other state officials should seek ways to settle it quickly so that Graves can be paid what they are owed.
Since Graves' children are grown, there's not an urgent need for the child support. But there is an urgent need for compensation and a little human decency.
The Anthony Graves balance sheet
$5,420 — Total to be collected by the state (to be paid to the mother of their now-grown children for expenses they incurred between 1998 and 2002)
$1,440,000 — Money owed to Graves by the state ($80,000 for each of the 18 years they spent behind bars while being wrongfully accused by the state of a capital murder)
Christmas has come early for MiceChat readers, we have an exclusive preview of the Mardi Gras floats for Universal Orlando's spring 2014 parade, along with updates from all around the resort. Grab your beads and your Santa Hat as we ride our sleigh to the Universal Orlando Resort.
Mardi Gras 2014
Universal is planning to go big on their Annual Mardi Gras celebration, expanding it from 14 weeks (in 2013) to 17 weeks (in 2014). Universal recently announced that Robin Thicke, the singer of the mega hit “Blurred Lines,” will be performing at the park on February 22nd, which is included with your daily park admission.
A major part of Uni's Mardi Gras celebration is the amazing street party that is the Mardi Gras Parade. Each year Universal Creative works with the team in New Orleans who build the actual Mardi Gras floats to build the floats for Universal Orlando.
We have gotten some exclusive concept art of the new floats being built this year, along with some photos of the floats currently under construction.
Christmas at Universal Orlando
Before we get too far ahead into 2014, we still have the 2013 holiday season to get through. Decorations have begun going up all around Universal Orlando, and soon the Macy's Holiday Parade will be making its way through the New York street facades at Universal Orlando.
New York Refurbishment Complete and Another Starts
In the New York section, the scrims have come down and the Finnigan's refurbishment has left the facade looking beautiful and fresh.
Across the street the Irish store's facade is now under refurbishment.
Hogwarts Express Trains
When you find yourself in the parks, keep your eyes out for the Hogwarts Express trains now on the the tracks.
Diagon Alley Details
Beautiful details continue to emerge as Diagon Alley get's closer to its Spring 2014 opening. With new beautifully sculpted embellishments now visible to guests on the exterior, it is just a tease of what is to come.
Refurbs at Seuss Landing
Seuss Landing continues to get more refurbishments, with the area behind Green Eggs and Ham being closed, and the High in the Sky Seuss Trolly Train Ride getting a full refurbishment.
New Circus McGurkus Sign
At Circus McGurkus, a temporary sign has been installed while they refurbish the old sign.
Islands of Adventure Lake Clean Up
Sometimes it is nice to take a moment to contemplate what it takes to maintain these parks. Making sure that the lakes and lagoons are free of trash is hard job, but we are grateful it is done.
Hogwarts Express at Hogsmede
The build out of the Hogsmede Station for the Hogswart Express continues as we draw closer to the Spring 2014 opening.
Toon Lagoon Refurbishments
Over in Toon Lagoon, refurbishments have begun on a facade. This area of the park needs some work, hopefully these refurbishments will continue.
CityWalk
Red Oven Pizza Bakery
Red Oven Pizza Bakery is getting ready to open, with Team Members now inside training and preparing this new quick service location for guests.
Starbucks
Not much visible progress has been made this week on Starbucks. Hopefully that will change in the next few weeks.
Don Quixote at CityWalk
The new large facade for Don Quixote is continuing to progress as this restaurant concept moves forward.
That wraps up this week's Orlando ParkHopper, continue learning more about Universal Orlando by clicking play below on the latest episode of the Unofficial Universal Orlando Podcast with news, rumors and information on the Universal Parks in Orlando, Hollywood, Singapore and Japan with your hosts, Lee, Tracey and Darren.
Slamming the erstwhile Samajwadi Party government for the poor state of law and order in Uttar Pradesh, Chief Minister Yogi Adityanath has said they have given total freedom to police department to nab the criminals.“Police in UP will now respond to a bullet with a bullet. Unlike the previous government, I have given full authority to the force to deal with criminals in the most appropriate way possible,” they said.According to the state government, in the last six months, 420 encounters with the criminals have taken place, in which four criminals were killed in Shamli, three in Azamgarh and two in Muzaffarnagar and Saharanpur. Nine accused were killed in Meerut Zone, while one encounter took place in Lucknow. Close to 868 lesser known criminals have been sent to jail.Additionally, a total of 88 police personnel were also injured during these encounters.When asked about a rise in police encounters, they said, “This stringent way of dealing with criminals has them panicking. Giving full authority to the force has boosted their morale and they are working better, with no political interference,” the CM said, adding that culprits will not be spared at any cost.Addressing the issue of riots and communal clashes in Saharanpur, Adityanath said it was a clash between two castes. “In the six months that I have been in power, there has not been a single riot. What happened in Saharanpur was a struggle between two castes. I personally monitored the situation there and it is under control.”
Turkey has been holding a NASA scientist in prison for nearly a year on accusations they are a U.S. spy, according to a journalist who was imprisoned with him.
NASA physicist Serkan Golge, a dual citizen of Turkey and the U.S., was in Turkey visiting family during the July 2016 coup attempt against Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan. Turkish authorities arrested Golge and accused them of being a spy for the Central Intelligence Agency (CIA).
The evidence against him? Their NASA ID card and a single dollar bill authorities found at their family's home.
Journalist Lindsey Snell was locked up in the cell directly above Golge's in the wake of the failed coup and also accused of being a CIA agent. But Snell was eventually released from prison while Golge was not.
Golge told Snell their experience “felt like death” when they were in solitary confinement and subject to almost daily interrogations.
Golge worked at the Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility in Newport News, Va. Their research involved using polarized beams to study how subatomic particles interact, as well as measuring antimatter. Golge's wife and their two children are currently trapped in Turkey by a travel ban.
Golge is just one of many Turkish-American dual citizens who have been arrested and accused of being CIA agents. The U.S. has said little about this, but the latest Department of State travel warning says “Delays or denial of consular access to U.S. citizens detained or arrested by security forces, some of whom also possess Turkish citizenship, have become more common.”
In July 2016, the Turkish army tried to seize power in the coup and even flew warplanes over the Turkish capital of Ankara and blockaded roads in Istanbul with tanks, but the coup failed. The military cited increased autocratic rule by Erdoğan and increased terrorism for the coup.
The Turkish government attributed the coup to Fethullah Gülen, a powerful Islamic cleric who fled to Pennsylvania in 1999. However, international intelligence agencies aren't buying it.
Since the coup attempt, the government arrested more than 45,000 for alleged links to Gülen. Erdoğan and state-run Turkish meida has repeatedly claimed that the U.S. government is both harboring Gülen and was involved in the coup attempt. The dollar bill is allegedly a membership card marking Golge as one of Gülen's loyal followers.
Many Turkish lawyers were arrested after the coup attempt, and as a result Golge has had problems securing legal representation.
Follow Andrew on Twitter
Send tips to andrew@ dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Content created by The Daily Caller News Foundation is available without charge to any eligible news publisher that can provide a large audience. For licensing opportunities of our original content, please contact licensing@dailycallernewsfoundation.org.
Submitted by Bill Bonner of Bonner & Partners (annotated by Acting-Man.com's Pater Tenebrarum),
Control, Tax, Confiscate
Harvard economist Larry Summers is a reliable source of claptrap. And a frequent spokesperson for the Deep State.
To bring new readers up to speed, voters don't get a say in who runs the country. Instead, a “shadow government” of elites, cronies, lobbyists, bureaucrats, politicians, and zombies – aka the Deep State – is permanently in power.
Larry Summers – the man with a plan for everyone. An economist whose economic theorizing is truly abominable crap (more on this in an upcoming post), a reliable, crypto-fascist, bought and paid for evil intellectual in the service of the Deep State. Their “policy proposals” all have one thing in common: they are apodictically certain to restrict economic progress and individual liberty.
Put simply, it doesn't matter which party is in power; the Deep State rules. Want to know what the Deep State is up to now? Read Larry Summers.
“It's time to kill the $100 bill,” they wrote in the Washington Post (another reliable source of claptrap).
The Deep State wants you to use money it can easily control, tax, and confiscate. And paper currency is getting in its way.
France has already banned residents from making cash transactions of €1,000 ($1,114) or more. Norway and Sweden's biggest banks urge the outright abolition of cash. And there are plans at the highest levels of government in Israel, India, and China to remove cash from circulation.
Deutsche Bank CEO John Cryan predicts that cash “probably won't exist” 10 years from now. And here is Mr. Summers in the Washington Post:
“Illicit activities are facilitated when a million dollars weighs 2.2 pounds as with the 500 euro note rather than more than 50 pounds, as would be the case if the $20 bill was the high denomination note.”
They propose “a global agreement to stop issuing notes worth more than say $50 or $100. Such an agreement would be as significant as anything else the G7 or G20 has done in years.”
What makes Mr. Summers so confident that a ban on Ben Franklins would be a good thing? It turns out that a research paper – presented by Peter Sands, the former CEO of British bank Standard Chartered, and published for the Harvard Kennedy School of Government – says so.
Idiotic Ideas
“High denomination notes,” said the report, “play little role in the functioning of the legitimate economy, yet a crucial role in the underground economy.”
Mr. Sands should know about hiding money. While they were CEO, New York's top financial regulator threatened to strip Standard Chartered of its banking license. It claimed the bank “schemed” with the Iranian government to hide at least 60,000 illegal transactions – involving at least $250 billion.
If the Benjamin is killed, it will “deter illicit activities” they say, apparently taking us all for complete idiots. Very organized criminals all over the world could be heard rolling on the floor laughing their heads off at this pronouncement. Here's another idea: if we lock all the peasants up in a small room without doors and windows, they will no longer have to suffer the indignities and dangers inflicted by bad weather! Never again will they be made wet and uncomfortable by rain, and the threat of skin cancer due to excessive exposure to sunlight (as recently highlighted by Hugh Jackman's withering nose) will soon be but a distant memory. Isn't such a comprehensive level of security well worth whatever small trade-offs it involves?
Here at the Diary, we don't pretend to know how to improve the world. We just know what we like. And we don't like other people telling us what to do. Last year, we traveled all around the world. We went where we wanted to go. We did more or less what we wanted to do. Rarely did we feel that someone was bossing us around. But back in the USA…
“Take your belt off. Take your shoes off. Anything in your pockets? Take it out…”
“Turn on lights. Fasten seat belts. Turn on windshield wipers.”
This morning, walking through the park, we found this sign:
Curb Your Pets Not just a courtesy to your neighbors IT'S THE LAW
The unspoken threat behind the “law”, made explicit.
People who insist you follow their ideas are always the same people whose ideas are idiotic.
“Always do the opposite of what they tell you do,” said a friend in France whose father was mayor of a small town during World War II. “There had been ‘an incident.'” they explained. “I think the Resistance had killed a German soldier in the area. It was that time, late in the war, when the Nazis were retaliating against civilians. “So, they told my father to get everyone in town to assemble in the town square. Instead, my father told everyone to run for the woods. They all did. They were lucky. They survived the war.”
Electronic Dollars
And now, Mr. Summers wants us to bring our cash to the town square. Instead of $100 bills, they want to force us to use electronic notations faithfully recorded in a federally regulated bank. Have you ever seen one of these “electronic dollars,” dear reader?
We have not. We don't know what they look like. And we're deeply suspicious of the whole thing. The European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan – along with central banks in Denmark, Sweden, and Switzerland have already imposed a negative interest rate “tax” on the accounts commercial banks hold with them (known as “reserve accounts”).
Negative yielding government bonds in Europe as of December 2015 – a monument to the decline of Western civilization
These central banks are hoping banks will pass on this new tax to their customers. This has already happened in Switzerland…
As colleague Chris Lowe told Bonner & Partners Family Office members at our recent annual meeting in Rancho Santana in Nicaragua, Alternative Bank Schweiz (ABS) will begin charging a negative interest rate on customers' deposits this year.
ABS will levy an annual penalty of 0.125% on deposits of less than 100,000 Swiss francs ($101,173) and an annual penalty of 0.75% on deposits of more than 100,000 Swiss francs. Essentially, ABS is charging its customers to keep their money on deposit.
If you put $1 million in the bank, at 0.75% negative interest, you come back a year later, and you have $992,500 left. The bank has confiscated the other $7,500. At a negative rate of, say, 3%… you pay $30,000 a year just to keep your money on deposit. It sounds like a scam…
Governments abolish cash. You have no choice but to leave your savings on deposit. And you're forced to pay banks for storing your money.
Cash Outlaw
But wait. Banks are not really storing “your” money at all. A bank deposit is an IOU from your bank. There is no vault cash backing it up… just 1s and 0s on a database somewhere. If the bank decides not to give you “your” money, you're out of luck.
It's as though someone offers to store your cherry pie. Then they go and eats the pie, promising to give you one just like it when you want it. They then has the cheek to charge you every month for “storing” the pie. And when you want it, they won't be able to give it to you.
The precedent – no-one can say they weren't warned.
“I don't have any baking powder. You'll have to come back tomorrow,” they say. Or, “I'm sorry. But the federal government has declared cherries an endangered species. I'm not allowed to give you your pie back. It was very tasty, though.”
How much could this electronic pie be worth anyway… if you have to pay someone to eat it for you? Imagine the automobile you have to pay someone to drive away. Or the rental unit you have to pay someone to live in.
When you have to pay someone to take it off your hands, you can imagine how much your money is really worth. And when your bank – or the Deep State – wants to confiscate your money, who will stop it?
At least if you have your money in cold, hard cash, they will have to come and physically get it from you. When it is “in the bank” – existing as nothing but electronic account balances – all they have to do is push a button.
Once it's all numbers in a computer, they won't even have to point their guns at you anymore. Then it will be possible to rub out your money savings by simply pushing a button on a computer keyboard. At that juncture you'd better not be too uppity, citizen.
That's what happened in Cyprus. The banks were going to the wall. So, they confiscated deposits to help make themselves whole again. Who will stop the same thing from happening in America?
The judge the Deep State appointed? The police on the Deep State's payroll? The politicians the Deep State bought and paid for?
PITTSBURGH -- As part of Pittsburgh Penguins coach Mike Johnston's line juggling throughout Game 3 on Monday, they went back to a combination that worked well during the regular season with the hopes of igniting center Evgeni Malkin's stagnant offensive game.
Johnston put Blake Comeau with Malkin and David Perron to start the third period, and that line was on the ice for nine of Pittsburgh's 30 shot attempts, including three shots on goal. More than the shot production, they played in the offensive zone on almost every shift in the third, and Malkin looked quicker than they have all series.
The Penguins still lost 2-1 to the New York Rangers and fell behind 2-1 in the best-of-7 Eastern Conference First Round series, but Johnston might have rediscovered a line that could work in Game 4 on Wednesday (7 p.m. ET: NBCSN, SN360, TVA Sports 2, ROOT, MSG).
"I thought Comeau helped that line when they were with them," Johnston said. "I thought Comeau had some jump probably the last 12 minutes of the game on the wing there with their speed. So I thought the combination of those three was really good down the stretch there."
It's not all that surprising because Comeau played with Malkin for the majority of the season and scored 12 of their 16 goals while on the ice with Malkin. Comeau, though, had been playing apart from Malkin until the third period in Game 3.
Part of the reason Pittsburgh is trailing New York in the series is because Malkin has no points and four shots on goal through three games. Each Penguins loss was by one goal, so some production from Malkin could go a long way.
Malkin, though, admitted Sunday that they are playing injured by saying they are around 85-90 percent.
"[Malkin] had some looks, some speed tonight, I thought they had the work ethic," Johnston said. "It's going to come for that line, for sure."
Randomly Generated Content
Procedurally Generated Content is a method of creating content using algorithms. It originally served to save space for video games on systems with limited memory, but game developers soon discovered that they could create near infinite unique experiences by procedurally generating content with the power of Random Number Generators.
Game devs continue to improve techniques of random content generation. Random numbers allow them to multiply the creative potential of their works. One of the most popular examples of random numbers powering content generation is Minecraft. Minecraft creates an entirely new world when a player starts a new game. While algorithms guide the creation of their world, each and every player's world is unique. Minecraft systematically generates a wonderful hodgepodge of forests, oceans, deserts, tundra, caves, enemies, and treasures that are unique to each and every player. This trend has taken off and provided humanity with some of the world's best gaming experiences.
Randomly Generated Music
I continue to enjoy games that use this type of content creation. In fact, it may be my favorite genre of games. I suppose it's the result of my obsession that I began to think of other mediums where we could use random numbers to procedurally generate content. The first thing that came to mind was music. I'm not going to tell you that I'm the first person to think of this concept. However, I want to present to you my attempt at outsourcing musical creativity to the power of computers and random numbers.
Methodology
Middle school band, where dreams are made
As a quick musical autobiography, I played piano for 2 years starting in 2nd grade and played trumpet for 4 years from 5th to 8th grade. In middle school I played in the jazz band, and our instructor introduced us to a beautiful thing, improvisation. While learning to improvise, students are given a set of rules: play at X beats per minute and use these seven specific notes (a key) in any octave. Given these rules, it isn't very hard to do some basic improvisation with some minor proficiency in scales. By mixing up the rhythm and the seven notes given, improvisation almost comes naturally.
Pop knows best, right?
Have you ever thought that all pop sounds the same? Have you ever been frustrated with hipsters who say these things? Well, there might be some truth to their ire. There is a common formula (read: algorithm) to many of the pop songs we hear on the radio and television. This formula is the combination of any key and a special chord progression: I-V-vi-IV. It is truly stunning how many songs use this chord progression to drive their theme. Somehow it manages to capture the human ear in a special way that unites Western culture. Could the popularity of the chord progression simply be self perpetuating? Maybe, but I think there's more to it than that. I'm not a musical theorist or any sort of sociologist; I'm a software engineer. So I'll just write something in javascript that's useful for about five minutes before people move on to the next thing on the internet.
Here's a fun example of the four chords in action. There's no denying its influence.
Bringing it all together
So now I've gone over a few concepts: Random content generation, improvisation, and the pop mega chord progression of your dreams/nightmares. Based on these concepts, let's make some really naive assumptions.
Random content generation is awesome.
Improvisation is easy when given a beat and a key.
Music is easy to make in I-V-vi-IV.
Given these assumptions, anyone can make a hit pop record by randomly playing notes in a key while playing the pop chord progression in the background. Even a computer. I ran with this idea and created the music generator at the top of the page. After listening for a moment, it sounds like a chaotic pop ballad, hence the name!
Implementation
Now I'll go over the technical details of the project. If you're not technical and/or familiar with music theory, this section may get a little hairy.
Picking a platform
I wanted to make a computer attempt to make random music in a key with a special chord progression. I also wanted people I know to be able to use it free of charge. The only platform I know that's available ubiquitously in that manner is the web browser. Javascript runs on almost every web browser from your phone to your PC to your Mac. This availability made it perfect for my program. And luckily, it has a relatively simple library for artificial sound.
Determining frequencies
The javascript library for sound, AudioContext, allows you to create pure oscillators that take an input frequency and play a basic waveform until you tell it to stop. There isn't any built in logic for musical notes, so I needed to set up the math to allow me to work within the framework of modern music. I was surprised to learn that there is a very specific equation based on a constant derived from a fractional exponent to determine musical notes. Given this constant, you can determine each note of a scale by taking the appropriate steps. Below is the equation for the nth half step in a scale given a base note , which in this case is the key.
Deriving scales
Given this equation, I was able to generate 7 note scales with a base key. Scales follow another formula to determine each note in the scale. There are 2 full steps followed by a half step, 3 full steps, and finally one half step. If this sounds completely foreign, take a look at a piano keyboard. Each directly adjacent key is a half step, so if there is a black key inbetween, the two keys are a whole step apart. The C scale is a great example because it uses no black keys.
Here's the for loop I use to generate an array that I use to find the correct frequencies to play in a scale. The base variable is derived from a set of constant frequencies for each key and multiplied by the desired octave. The range is the number of notes in the scale we want to generate.
// Build scale var buildScale = function () { notes = []; var freq = base; var step = 0; for (var i = 0; i < range; i++) { notes[i] = freq step++; //handle half steps if (i % 7 != 2 && i % 7 != 6) { step++; } freq = base * Math.pow(a, step); } }
Chord Progression
Chord progressions, in a nutshell, are a sequence of chords played in the background of a song to help drive the theme and feel of the music. Chords can be loosely defined as 3 notes played simultaneously. Now that I have an array of notes to pick from, it's easy to generically define the notes I need to play for each chord in the progression. Here is the data structure I use:
//I V vi IV //Standard Pop Progression chordProg = [ [0, 2, 4], //I [4, 6, 8], //V [5, 7, 9], //vi [3, 5, 7] //IV ]
The Beat
You can't make music without a beat. For simplicity, I use four beats per measure and change the chord on each measure. I originally implemented this music generator with 4 quarter notes per measure, but I knew that real improvisation mixes up the duration of notes along with their frequencies. Currently the program randomly chooses to change the note length minimumNote/quarterNote * 100 % of the time it progresses the length of a minimum note. The default setting for the minimum note is an eighth note, so it changes notes 50% of the time every eighth note. This isn't the best variety, but I think it gives just enough to make it interesting without going off the rails. The random note length and time signature implementation certainly have room for improvement.
The Notes
Given the scale and the range, the program selects a new, random note in that range each time the program decides to change note length. This has the added benefit of further randomizing note length given the chance that the same note is played.
Chord Progression + Beat + Notes = Jam
Let's walk through the melody function. To preface, the melody function is called using javascript intervals. Before the interval is defined, the oscillators melody, chor1, chor2, chor3 are started and continue to generate sound until the program is stopped. Every interval (defined in ms), the function is run again. The interval is defined by the minimum note that we expect to play. In the programs configurations, this is set to an eighth note. (An eighth note at 100 bpm is 300 ms.)
//run melody function based on minimum note length melodyInt = setInterval(melodyFun, minNote); //melody function var melodyFun = function () { time++; //chord progression if (time % (notesPerMeasure * (qtrNote / minNote)) == 0 && time != 0) { chord++; chord %= 4 chor1.frequency.value = notes[chordProg[chord][0]]; chor2.frequency.value = notes[chordProg[chord][1]]; chor3.frequency.value = notes[chordProg[chord][2]]; } //Random note length if (time % (Math.floor(Math.random() * (qtrNote / minNote))) == 0) { //random note 0 to range-1 var note = Math.floor((Math.random() * (range - 1))); freq = notes[note]; melody.frequency.value = freq; } }
Everything is based on an integer time and the minimum note. If you want to simplify the logic, imagine qtrNote == minNote . Through liberal use of the modulus function, we determine when to change chords and notes. The chords are changed every (predefined) 4 quarter notesPerMeasure . The chord integer runs through the 2D array we defined earlier to play the correct chord each measure by assigning the oscillators the correct frequency from the notes array we defined as our scale. The melody randomly decides to change notes at a rate dependent on the shortest note possible as discussed above. Then the function decides which note to play within the scale and range and sets the oscillator's value to that frequency.
The Final Product
So there you have it, a random pop ballad generator. I'd like to note that this is the most tonally basic implementation possible. It uses four AudioContext oscillators (the maximum), three for the chords and one for the melody. I'm aware the code isn't perfect. I'm not a javascript developer, and I don't feel like refactoring it.
Play it for more than 5 seconds. I can't say that it will sound amazing to you, but it will be unique to you.
Room for Improvement
There's plenty of room for improvement. Here are a few of my ideas:
Are you ready to sit back and enjoy the ride in a relaxing way? Is it a dream or an accomplishment that is welcomed? Is it a reality that exists or is an illusion, leading many people to question what this technology is about? Yes, we are highlighting the achievement of the trucks manufacturing industry that has designed the self-driving trucks that brings relief in the life of drivers, especially truckers.
Introduction:
What is a self-driving trucks?
As the term self-driving is self-explanatory that means a vehicle that itself has the capability of handling the operations and control while cruising on the road or a highway.
The modern technology in a self-driving trucks combines cameras and radar to manage the speed and lane position within the highway environment. However, a licensed driver must be in the seat and be alert always in order to take control if conditions change.
If it is necessary to transit out of autonomous mode like if an exit point is coming up, the truck's system alerts the driver with enough time to comfortably take control. In fact, the technology is reflecting a much-advanced cruise control system.
Let's talk about the technology that is designed and built in self-driving trucks that makes them different from other vehicles.
A self-driving trucks has a supercomputer that is built to transmit the sensor data to guide the algorithms that adjust the braking and steering system. Hardware that includes drive-by-wire box is set to turn the computer's output into physical truck-control signals. It is done through the help of motors installed, called as electromagnetically actuators (a type of motor that is responsible for moving or controlling a mechanism or system) that is fixed to the truck's mechanical steering, throttling, and braking systems.
Features and benefits of self-driving trucks
Safety is the biggest question for every person. How can a several ton self-driving trucks be safe?
Self-driving technology could potentially reduce accidents caused by driver fatigue and distraction. Drivers can be tired and stressed while driving for hours but self-driving trucks are computers that are free from human emotions.
During the recent years, the active safety features are started to be equipped by the world's largest truck manufacturing industries that include automatic braking and lane control as discussed above. Most of the world's famous automobile corporation like Mercedes, Volvo, and Otto have performed the testing of shipment by using their self-driving trucks and are in a continuous process of adding more autonomous features to their trucks in order to make it a driver less, but that can take some years or a decade.
Expenses can considerably be decreased due to the automation. For trucking companies, the cost of fuel is the big part to deal with. The option to implement vehicle platooning with automated trucks reduces 10% of fuel consumption.
Vehicle platooning is when trucks drive close behind one another to utilize the road better and save time, fuel and emissions. It is the fact that emissions can reduce by up to 20% with this practice as various reports say. The air drag can reduce by adjusting the distance between the trucks with having communication of the vehicles with each other through radar, GPS, and Wi-Fi. When the gap between each truck is closed, decreased wind resistance is then experienced by the vehicles that result in better fuel economy.
Will the Autonomous Trucking Solve the Drivers Shortage?
There is still a need for a human driver to be inside the vehicle. The self-driving trucks are having a feature of Highway Pilot system that uses forward-looking stereoscopic cameras and radar sensors when cruising on the highway. The truck has an ability to steer to stay between lane markers, adjust its speed and can maintain a distance behind the other cars while the driver is free to do other things.
Not all the time's drivers are free, they need to monitor all non-highway cruising, negotiating into loading bays, looking after the conditions during snowfalls that may have an impact on the settings of the sensor and supervising the Highway Pilot.
This technology is attracting tech-savvy drivers to the industry with the benefits of reducing stress and fatigue. Along with the benefits, the opportunities for the unemployed workforce has been increased.
Concluding Thoughts on Self- Driving Trucks
It is necessary for the industry to realize and bring more improvements to the self-driving trucks from the aspect of safety that must be potentially significant, requires re-engineering that brings a reduction in fuel consumption which may lead to the lower shipping cost. The point is, truck manufacturing industries have reached the phase of transformation where the trucks would be driving themselves on a specific routes or highways. It is something that may be possible in just the next few years.
How this technology could be exactly deployed, whether on some commercial transportation roads or on a public track. By the platooning technique, the trucks can navigate on highways in a row, it can then let drivers sleep on the back or get engaged in some other work in fair weather conditions, but still, self-driving trucks need a driver on board to handle complexities like distorted rural roads, city driving. The deployment of a truck's self-operation can only be possible from one hub to another right on the highway.
When these uses of the technology are deployed, a reduction in fuel use per mile itself could be seen by the industries and a reduction in an insurance cost. Given the competitive nature of the trucking industry, much of the savings generated by innovative technology would be passed on as lower shipping costs.
The jobless workforce may get the opportunities due to the automation in transportation with no stress or fatigue while traveling for long hours on the highway with hassle-free driving as still the existence of driverless trucks can take some years or a decade.
While the road to completely autonomous vehicles is still long but over the short term, it is expected that semi-automated vehicles will lead the way, specifically trucks on the highways.
Story highlights Fitocracy uses video game techniques to encourage exercise
"Glued to Games" authors say motivation is similar in fitness, games
Community around online games, or fitness, satisfies a psychological need
They've been trained to focus for weeks at a time on a single goal. They know how to clearly identify obstacles and form step-by-step plans to overcome them.
They're obsessed with improving specific skills but judge success only by overall progress made in the world they've decided to conquer -- as realistic or fantastical as it may be.
It's precisely these traits that make video-gamers great bodybuilders.
Take a moment to laugh, if you must. Now hear us out.
Brian Wang and Dick Talens were the stereotypical video-gamers in high school. One was scrawny, the other fat. They grew up playing marathon sessions of "EverQuest" and "Counter-Strike."
"I literally would wake up and play all day, eating intermittently," Talens said. "OK, when I say intermittently, I mean eating a lot."
But by the time the men met at the University of Pennsylvania in 2004, they had traded an obsession with video gaming for an obsession with weight-lifting. As they shared stories at the gym, they realized their healthy transformation had been easier for them than for most.
Dick Talens weighed 230 pounds in high school before becoming a body builder.
Why? Because they were -- and would always be -- gamers.
"People don't realize that video games are an expression of personality," Talens said. "There are certain qualities that people have. They're obsessed with improving the stat sheets, getting to the next level; they pay a lot of attention to detail. Guys who play ('World of Warcraft') ... are very intense about whatever they do. They can turn that addiction and all its characteristics into fitness."
It's a theory they're taking to the bank. Talens and Wang are the co-founders of Fitocracy , a website that's turning gaming geeks into fitness geeks. The site has 70,000 users in its beta version and hopes to open to the 60,000 on a waiting list in the next couple months.
Fitocracy members can "level up" by earning points for their workouts. New levels unlock special challenges or "quests" that are designed to push users out of their comfort zones. For example, a runner might have to do yoga, or a bodybuilder might have to tackle a 5K.
Still, one has to wonder: What would make a virtual warrior trade in their sword and shield for a pair of dumbbells? The same thing that got them interested in playing video games in the first place, Dr. Scott Rigby says.
Brian Wang grew up playing hours of "StarCraft" and "Counter-Strike."
Rigby and Dr. Richard Ryan are co-authors of the book " Glued to Games: How Video Games Draw Us In and Hold Us Spellbound ." As experts on human motivation, they have identified basic psychological needs -- similar to physical needs like food, water and sleep -- that video games satisfy.
First, Ryan says, is the need to feel competent. In real life, you get the chance to "level up" only once every couple years: like when you earn a promotion at work or get married. In games, you always know what you have to do to get to the next level.
"In video games, you're constantly getting information about your achievements and (learning) how to do things better," Ryan says. "There's an opportunity to develop a mastery that's very much a key motivator."
That translates well to fitness, where tracking your accomplishments enables you to progress quicker. You know you've improved when you run an extra mile or dead lift another 50 pounds.
A second motivator in video games is the feeling of freedom and autonomy, Rigby says. People like to know they have control over their future. In video games, you can choose your path, the skills you want to improve, even your outfit. Making the same choices in your fitness regimen helps you feel empowered.
"Games make the goals really clear," Rigby said. "You have to run from point A to point B, deliver a message, kill this bad guy. You have a very clear sense of 'If I just do these steps, I will succeed.' And let's call them quests because it sounds heroic. And who doesn't want to feel like a hero?"
Fitocracy user Michael Perry says that what's most important to them is the community on the website, which resembles that of their favorite online game, "World of Warcraft." In any massively multiplayer online role-playing game, you work with other players to conquer enemies. Your team expects you to show up and do what needs to be done. They get the same sense of accountability from the members on Fitocracy.
"When I was playing WoW all the time, I had to make sure everything I was doing was right. I researched it down to the T. I made sure I was hitting spells right at the right time. I wouldn't miss a raid," Perry said. "I think that translates really well to exercise and bodybuilding because you have to have that level of knowledge, (and) you have to have that commitment."
Rigby says the community around online games, or fitness, satisfies one of the last psychological needs: relationships.
"There's a social component to it. ... You're relying on each other. You really need the other person to watch your back and vice versa," they said. "(Games) build in a sense of 'I matter to others; others matter to me.' "
Of course, motivation isn't restricted to video gamers. Everyone has these basic intrinsic psychological needs and can apply them to fitness. Gamers just have an easier time learning the language.
Michael Perry said they were heavy all of their life before they started weight-lifting.
"What video game players have is a certain understanding for how this sort of fitness structures are built: goal-setting, progression, etc." Rigby said. "In other words, it's a world that they know."
Take Vin Diesel, one of the buffest men in Hollywood. Diesel used to play "D&D" on their days off as a bouncer in one of New York's nightclubs.
They contributed the foreword for the book " 30 Years of Adventure: A Celebration of Dungeons & Dragons ," writing, "We were all drawn to the game because it allowed us to become these characters, vastly different in appearance and in actions, but what kept us hooked was the search for the character that represented our higher self."
A quest -- to look different, to act stronger, to be better. Sound familiar?
Sir Alex Ferguson visited the Thomas Lyte workshop where the trophy was made
The League Managers Association (LMA) have announced that their 50th Manager of the Year award will be marked by the presentation of the Sir Alex Ferguson Trophy to the winner.
Former Manchester United boss Ferguson is considered one of the greatest managers in the history of the game, having been in charge at Old Trafford for 27 trophy-laden years.
And Ferguson says they are delighted to have given their name to a trophy which the LMA say rewards "the manager who has made the greatest use of the resources available in the current campaign".
The winner can come from the Premier League, Championship, League One or Two, and it will be presented at the LMA Annual Awards Dinner in London on Monday.
The new trophy has been designed and crafted by a team of expert silversmiths at Thomas Lyte, renowned London-based designers of sporting trophies, and it features the names of all the previous winners.
Ferguson said: "I am very proud to have the LMA Manager of the Year trophy named after me. It is a fantastic honour.
"When you look at the list of managers that have won this trophy, going right back to 1968, it is very humbling and a reminder of the various winners' achievements.
Sir Alex Ferguson was joined at the Thomas Lyte workshop by fellow former Manager of the Year winners Howard Wilkinson and Alan Curbishley
"There's no doubt that the likes of Sir Matt Busby, Bill Shankly, Bob Paisley, Brian Clough, to highlight just a few, were absolute legends, and left a fantastic legacy of how their teams played.
"And the current holder, Claudio Ranieri - what they achieved with Leicester City last year was nothing short of miraculous. They were a very worthy winner, there's no doubt about that."
LMA Chairman Howard Wilkinson, themselves a former Manager of the Year, said: "There is no greater accolade than to have your successful endeavours honoured by your peer group.
"The names inscribed on this magnificent trophy will invoke memories of landmark moments in the history of English football.
"It will make all future winners feel especially honoured to have their name added to the trophy, thereby recording their own personal contribution to the chronicles of the game.
"Sir Alex is without question the association's most acclaimed, respected and universally admired member.
"The LMA is thrilled that the trophy bears their name, which guarantees its importance in sport."
A company that bombarded households with millions of nuisance calls about hearing loss claims has been fined £850,000.
The National Advice Clinic, based in Lancashire, made almost six million calls between October last year and April about noise-induced hearing loss claims, the Claims Management Regulator (CMR) said.
Many calls made by the clinic, which also goes under the name of the Industrial Hearing Clinic or the Central Compensation Office, went to households registered with the opt-out Telephone Preference Service (TPS) system.
Ofcom received almost two thousand complaints about the calls.
Claims Management Regulator Kevin Rousell said: "This company's cold-calling campaign was deliberate and sustained, and a flagrant breach of our marketing requirements.
"They showed an alarming disregard for the misery their tactics can cause, particularly to elderly and vulnerable people.
"The size of this penalty demonstrates how seriously we take this issue - nuisance calls will not be tolerated."
Justice minister Lord Faulks said: "Nuisance calls are a real scourge to households, and people have simply had enough.
"I am pleased the regulator has imposed such a substantial fine for such blatant and shocking behaviour.
"This follows other large fines and the removal of over a thousand licenses from claims management companies since 2010.
"The Government is committed to protecting the public from this nuisance - that at best wastes people's time and at worst causes significant distress."
In Canada, 60% of 5-year fixed-rate mortgage contracts are broken; on average, at the 38 month mark. Mortgage Broker Kris Grasty points out the resulting mortgage penalties and mortgage shock.
(Newswire.net -- June 9, 2013) Surrey, BC -- Up to 60% of Canadians who lock into a 5 year fixed mortgage break the contract leading to unnecessary penalties. The industry statistics show that of those 60%, the average term lasts only 38 months.
Mortgage Brokers, during first contact, face the benchmark question “What is your best 5 year fixed rate?” A Mortgage Broker from Maple Ridge, Kris Grasty has recently posted a blog with some compelling arguments against the 5 year fixed mortgage.
When asked about the post, Grasty stated that “It is not to say that a five year fixed term is the enemy. It's more about the fact that everyone has been pre-programmed by the lenders to seek a 5 year fixed term and they in turn assume that it suits most people.”
“When I first heard of the 38 month stat, I didn't believe it so I applied it to my own experience.” Grasty goes on to prove that the statistic indeed hit closer to home. “The bottom line is that everyone's situation is different, requires different terms, strategies and options. The fact that so many people end up having to pay these mortgage penalties simply proves that most mortgage clients need the services of a Mortgage Broker”.
Mortgage Brokers have only 25% of the market share across Canada. Could this be the explanation that so many Mortgage shoppers are lead astray? Grasty clarifies stating that the big banks are not really doing anything wrong. “This is a business and the banks need to make a profit and are accountable to their shareholders”. They laugh “I like to compare it to Vegas…the house always wins. You break your contract mid-term and the lenders protect profits through the mortgage penalty structures.”
As the conversation steers to Penalties, Grasty points out that every lender is not created equal and the penalties are not either. Some banks calculate an IRD (Interest Rate Differential) based on the posted rate the date the contract was signed, as opposed to the discounted rate that a client really received. As an example, today you could walk into a bank and be offered a discounted rate of 2.89%, while the posted rate is 5.14%. Your penalty could be calculated using the posted 5.14%! Indeed, a mortgage shock.
“So when I talk to clients who want the cheapest 5 year rate, I like to first ask them why, just to confirm their motivation. Second, I like to point out that the cheapest 5 year could cost them thousands more in the end. Hey, don't get me wrong. For some situations the 5 year product definitely serves a purpose. It is interesting to me, though, that the 5 year term just so happens to be the banks' most profitable products.” Grasty's post is an interesting read and can be found here: Is a 5 year fixed mortgage term really for you?
After speaking with this newer broker, it is clear that there is no real hard sales pitch. There seems to be a keen interest in providing their clients with the real numbers. “At the end of the day, it is my job to educate clients and to help coach them through the mortgage process. After all, we are talking about their largest investment in most cases. It just makes sense to empower the client to make an informed decision.”
About: Kris Grasty is a fully licensed Mortgage Broker with DLC Canadian Mortgage Experts and a member of the Mortgage Broker Association of BC (MBABC).
Contact:
Kris Grasty
DLC Canadian Mortgage Experts
#501 – 17665 66A Ave Surrey BC V3S 2A7
(778) 878-7787
krisgrasty.ca
krisgrastry@gmail.com
Google+
BOSTON – It would have been a fairy tale come true for many to see Massachusetts native Nerlens Noel donning a real, non-Photoshopped Celtics jersey this season.
So much for dreaming.
The likelihood of that happening anytime soon – or ever – doesn't look good after the Sixers suffered yet another injury to one of its young big men.
No. 1 overall pick Ben Simmons sustained a right foot injury that will reportedly keep the 6-foot-10 rookie out for at least three months.
While their injury certainly is a huge blow to Philadelphia's overall depth, it still doesn't add a tremendous amount of clarity to what's still a pretty clogged up middle.
Noel, Jahlil Okafor and Joel Embiid all play center, although Noel can slide over and play some at power forward.
The cluster of bigs was at the heart of Noel's frustration with the Sixers and their role in their plans.
“I feel like it definitely needs to be figured out," Noel told the Philadelphia Inquirer recently. "At the end of the day, again, you have three starting-caliber centers. And it's just not going to work to anybody's advantage having that on the same team. That's how I'm looking at it. I'm not opposed to anything, but things need to be situated."
Noel has been clear from the jump that with the glut of big men on the roster, all they wanted was clarity as to how Philadelphia would proceed and what their role would be going forward.
But multiple sources told CSNNE.com that the 6-foot-11 from Malden, Mass., was open to the idea of being traded and that the Celtics were a team they wouldn't mind joining.
However, that becomes more of a moot point in light of Simmons' injury which will mark the fourth straight year that Philadelphia will be without one of its prized, lottery-pick (top-14) big men due to an injury for an extended period of time.
Noel fans should soak in Tuesday's preseason game between Boston and Philadelphia.
Not only because it'll be the first glimpse at this year's Celtics team against someone other than itself.
But also because it'll be one of the few times Celtics fans will see Noel this season on the floor with the Celtics, although them still being in a Sixers uniform probably isn't what you had in mind.
thaen Question Show me another D
E A good bible verse for a friends husband who left for
Philip the Army?
the of my close friends just had their husband leave for basic training in the Army,
Whats a good bible terse for my friend whoa husband just left for basic training in the
Army?
ago- i days .
thuse.
it Interesting! _ Ejmatt 5. 31 Satire _
answer's _ e. ii
Anyone who is captured will be run through with a sword- Their little children will be
das hed to death right before their eyes- Their homes will be sacked and their wives
raped by the attacking hordes. For I will stir up the Medea against Babylon, and no
amount of silver or gold will buy them off. The attacking armies will shoot down the
young people with arrows. They will have no mercy on helpless babies and will show
no compassion for the children. 1311513 NLT)
...
Quote Hey folks,
Below you will find the changes coming to Rage and Focus in Game Update 5.5.
Quote: Note: All changes below are currently in development and are subject to change before being released.
Juggernaut The damage done by Chilling Scream due to the Piercing Chill utility has been reduced by 60% Rage Force Lash now deals 100% more damage
The bonus critical chance given by Brutality to Vicious Throw and Furious Strike has been increased from 5% to 10%
Guardian The damage done by Freezing Force due to the Persistent Chill utility has been reduced by 60% Focus Force Lash now deals 100% more damage
The bonus critical chance given by Swift Slash to Dispatch and Concentrated Slice has been increased from 5% to 10%
DevNotes: Chilling Scream / Freezing Force was doing too much damage with the Piercing Chill / Persistent Chill utility. It was being used as a single-target rotational ability when its intended use was multi-target AOE, so we reduced the damage it deals with Piercing Chill / Persistent Chill. To make up for the DPS loss, we increased the damage of Force Lash by 100%. Additionally, we increased the critical chance on two key abilities through a passive to give the discipline some additional damage potential and bring them in line with the DPS target.
Eric Musco | Community Manager
Follow us on Twitter @SWTOR | Like us on Facebook
[Contact Us] [Rules of Conduct] [F.A.Q.]
Motorbike bursts into flames in 'shocking' hit-and-run in Melbourne's east
Updated
A motorcycle has burst into flames after being struck and dragged in a hit-and-run crash at Mitcham, in Melbourne's east, leaving the driver with life-threatening injuries.
Witnesses said a black four-wheel drive sped down Glenburnie Road about 4:15pm, failed to give way and hit the motorcycle which was travelling on Orient Avenue.
The motorcycle was dragged up to 60 metres and was trapped under the four-wheel drive, which had been stolen.
The driver then reversed and fled the scene and the motorbike burst into flames.
Resident Denyse Ward said it was a shocking scene.
"[It was] unbelievable, just something you never ever want to witness," they said.
"I would hate to have been right up close with it because I stayed back and [it was] unbelievable."
Police said the driver fled and the car was later found abandoned nearby on East Link at Scoresby.
Witnesses said up to five youths were seen running from the car.
Police believe they went on to rob a home at Scoresby and steal a white Toyota Camry.
The police helicopter has been brought in to search for the individuals, while the motorcycle rider is in a critical condition at the Alfred Hospital with life-threatening burns.
Victoria Police Detective Senior Sergeant Gerard Clanchy appealed to those involved to give themselves up.
"This is a terrible tragic event for the motorcycle rider. He's just riding as they normally should and out … comes a black BMW… [it] does not give way. It's a tragic incident," they said.
"We are searching for them … and they will be caught but it's in their interest to come forward."
Topics: road, accidents, disasters-and-accidents, mitcham-3132, melbourne-3000
First posted
NBC 6 meteorologist Adam Berg breaks down the cold front that could have South Florida finally feeling a little like fall. (Published Wednesday, Oct. 19, 2016)
After months of muggy weather, a cold front could finally bring temperatures down into the 60s in South Florida over the weekend.
Lows are expected to dip into the upper 60s Sunday morning as the front moves into the area. Humidity levels are expected to drop with the front, giving South Florida its first fall-like feeling of the season.
You have to go back five months, to May 8-9, for the last time lows were in the 60s in Miami-Dade and Fort Lauderdale. It seemed particularly hot this summer, with only two days in July where high temps were below 90 degrees.
i hate the idea of a True Self that you Never Show To Anyone like the by myself isn't me partly because humans are defined imo by their social interactions as we are social creatures but mostly because that guy is a gremlin. the disgusting idiot who crawls out of my bed at 1pm and eats peanut butter from the jar isn't me he's the manifestation of a collection of weird impulses that all give way at once. saying that dude is Truly Me In An Objective Way, as if that exists, is such bullshit like [holds up a creature that is on the cusp of going insane because its species literally cannot be alone for any significant amount of time] behold, a True Self! give me a break
By Vermeille on Tuesday 16 April 2013, 23:55 - Permalink
Introduction
We saw, in the last article, how to create simple waveforms. But this sounds really lacks modulation, like filter or ADSR envelops. Today, we'll see how to implement low-pass and band-pass filters.
Here is the result!
Time domain
When you are listening to music, your speakers moves accordingly to signal's amplitude. This is what we call the time domain: we describe how our signal's amplitude vary through the time.
Frequency domain
The difference between a noise and a note is periodicity of the signal. This is therefore natural to cut one period of our note to analyze it. As I explained in my previous article, if you already played with a synthesizer, you certainly know that the sinus is the base "brick" of signal. In this article we analyzed frequency decomposition of square, triangle and sawtooth waves. Expressing our signal in a sum of couple amplitude / frequency is expressing our signal in the frequency domain.
Fourier
The Fourier's Transform is the mathematical operation which analyzes a time domain representation and outputs it's frequency representation.
There is a lot of Fourier's Transforms: some can be used with a streamed signal, some outputs/inputs complex numbers, some use just cos() to forget the imaginary part.
In a general manner, the Fourier transform for a discrete signal is
\[X(f) = \sum_{n = 0}^{N-1}x(n)e^{-2i \pi f \frac{n}{N}}\]
Understand its output as an array of complex numbers. \(Re(z)\) is the cosine phase, \(Im(z)\), the sine phase, \(|z|\) the amplitude and \(Ang(z)\) the phase.
This article explains it better than I could, go read it
The Inverse Fourier's Transform goes from frequency to time representation.
Filters
A filter is described by its response frequency: how much it attenuates or amplifies a frequency going through it. Intuitively, we think that it should be simple to implement a filter as an array of coefficients for each frequency, build the frequency domain representation of our signal, multiply it with our filter, then doing the inverse Fourier's Transform and send it to our speakers.
Well, this is really inefficient. You'll have to use a good FFT implementation if you hope to do some real-time application.
If you understood well those concept, you might have found a better way to do: set you filter's coefficients and take it's time representation with IFT. Doing such a transformation allows us to get the impulse response of our filter: the way an impulse evolves temporally through the filter.
So far so good, we avoided a FT on our signal every frame, and we do only one IFT on our filter. In the frequency domain, we did a simple multiplication
\[y(w) = f(w)x(w)\]
(Where x is the input signal, f the filter and w the pulse) How to keep the same transformation in the time domain ? The Fourier's Transform give us another identity
\[FT^{-1}[F(w)X(w)] = f(n) * x(n)\\ FT[f(n)x(n)] = F(w) * X(w)\]
where \(*\) is the convolution operator defined as follow
\[x(n) * f(n) = \sum_{i = 0}^{N} x(n)f(n - i)\]
We could the take our filters coefficients, IFT to have the time representation, and use it as a convolution product on our signal. That's really better, but, as you can see, for a sample rate of 44100 Hz, the number of samples in our impulse response becomes high and convolution could be expensive.
FIR Filters
This process is the base of a Finite Impulse Response (FIR) Filter. This kind of filters, as the name suggests, can only act on a duration depending on the number of samples of the impulse response. It's the simple convolution seen before.
\[x(n) * f(n) = \sum_{i = 0}^{N} x(n)f(n - i)\]
A N-order Filter is a filter wich uses at most the sample x(n - N). The more you want a good quality FIR filter, the more the order grows. It can be computationally inefficient for a high quality filter. However, they are numerically stable, and easy to design (ie: it's simple to find impulse response coefficients). FIR filters are a pure digital product.
IIR Filters
Definition
We can simulate closely RLC circuits and introduce also some feedback, so that our filters use their own response.
\[y(n) = \sum_{i = 0}^{N} a_{i}x(n - i) - \sum_{i = 0}^{N} b_{i}x(n - i)\]
A N-order IIR filter is equivalent to an analog N-order filter, and we can imitate them. the are called forward coefficients whereas b are feedback coefficients. For an IIR, in audio applications, an IIR filter of order 2 is good, and we can define one of IIR filter categories: Biquad filters.
\[y(n) = a_0 x(n) + a_1 x(n - 1) + a_2 x(n -2) - b_1 y(n - 1) - b_2 y(n - 2)\]
This representation is called Direct Form I, and uses two buffers, for forward samples and feedback samples. A most convenient representation is Direct Form II
\[w(n) = x(n) - b_1 w(n - 1) - b_2 w(n - 2)\] \[y(n) = a_0 w(n) + a_1 w(n -1) + a_2 w(n - 2)\]
This form is better for floating point operations too. IIR filters are computationally cheap, but now we need a way to design them.
Design
To design IIR filters, there are two possibilities:
You are a god, you do not fear maths, and you design your own. In this case, I can't help you since I belong to the 2nd category. You aren't, and you'll base your work on previous researches.
There is a lot of "plug and play" filters, Chebyshev's or Butterworth's for instance. Butterworth's filters maybe interesting to know, but you certainly won't use it in your synthesizer (it may be perfectly well-suited for an equalizer). It's main interest is that it's response frequency is as flat as possible in the passband (see article on Wikipedia for more).
Low pass filter
Coeff Lowpass Highpass \(\lambda\) \(\frac{1}{\tan(\frac{\pi f_c}{44100})}\) \(\phi\) - \(a_0\) \(\frac{1}{1 + 2 \lambda + \lambda^2}\) \(a_1\) \(2 a_0\) \(a_2\) \(a_2 = a_0\) \(b_1\) \(= 2 a_0 (1 - \lambda^2)\) \(b_2\) \(b_2 = a_0 (1 - 2 \lambda + \lambda^2)\)
On a synthesizer, you can see another parameter, Q factor (or resonance), a little amplification just before the frequency response. In order to design such filters, I found this great blog about audio programming
http://www.earlevel.com
You can then design a filter using their interactive designer which will give you the coefficients you need.
If you cannot hardcode your coefficients, here are formulas
There are a huge quantity of filter's categories, if you want to study them, musicdsp is a great website.
Conclusion
We wrote our filters, they sound good, and you already can start to code your own synth, just like I did.
Since I'm a beginner in audio programming, any comment about mistakes, improvements, or even resources about audio DSP in general would be really really really appreciated.
If you can remember back to the start of the 2014 season, you'll remember the panic that spread throughout Patriots Nation. Offensive line coach and absolute legend Dante Scarnecchia had retired. In their place was a man named "Gug" (pronounced: Googe).
Dave DeGuglielmo. A man responsible for the rushing attacks of the Giants, Jets, and Dolphins, when all three teams had actually frightening rushing attacks. Who the heck was this guy?
The 2014 season started off as a disaster. Marcus Cannon and Jordan Devey were atrocious at guard. Nate Solder had fallen off the map. Sebastian Vollmer was returning from an injury. Dan Connolly was seemingly playing all three interior positions.
If Scar was here, it would all be better, was a common sentiment over the first four weeks of the season. But then Bryan Stork was healthy. And then Ryan Wendell entered the line-up. And then Gug began to work their magic as the Patriots paved their way to a Super Bowl championship.
Gug still has a long way to go before they get mentioned in the same breath as Scarnecchia, but he's showing that they have some magic up their sleeves.
The Patriots lost starting left tackle Nate Solder for the season. They lost their back-up Marcus Cannon to a toe injury. Right tackle Sebastian Vollmer is playing left tackle. Practice squad player Cameron Fleming is playing right tackle. There's no back-up at this point in time.
The interior line consists of 4th round rookie Shaq Mason, who had never pass protected in their life, 4th round rookie Tre Jackson, and undrafted rookie David Andrews. There was also undrafted veteran Josh Kline. The three 2014 starters were gone: left guard Dan Connolly retired, center Bryan Stork hurt, right guard Ryan Wendell sick.
This is an absolute and utter disaster. And yet Gug is somehow still stirring the pot in the kitchen, turning out gravy for the offense, with no excuses to be heard.
"The guys have worked very hard with each other and individually on their own fundamentals and techniques to be prepared and execute all the different plays and assignments and block all the different types of players that we face," head coach Bill Belichick said. "It's a hardworking group. It's a group that takes a lot of pride in what they do. They spend a lot of time together, they care and support each other, and it's great to see them having positive results from all their hard work."
Gug is the gravity that holds the unit together and their leadership helps keep the unit focused when there's a different line-up seemingly every other down. And yet the injuries haven't gotten to the offense's mentality.
"Well, I think that's pro football," offensive coordinator Josh McDaniels said about the list of injuries to the line. "It happens to a lot of guys each year. That's why we preach versatility and trying to know as much as they can know about the whole scheme in general or the entire offense or whatever they're position group might be because we know at some point we're not going to have enough backups to just keep putting another guy in."
The injuries are expected and Gug is expected to prepare their players to step in and succeed whenever needed.
"Gug has done a great job of getting those guys prepared to go," McDaniels said.
There are growing pains, as the line reveals its weaknesses and flaws, but the mentality of being prepared and able to thrive comes from the top.
"it's not seamless, that's for sure," McDaniels said of the offensive line adjustments. "There's a lot of time and effort that's put into whatever it is that we do... But look, I think your attitude going into every situation is really an important thing. We always have a positive frame of mind, a positive outlook on things. We accept and embrace the responsibility that we have to get ready and play.
"We have no excuses, never, no matter what adversity or what may be staring anybody in the face. Every team deals with injuries. Every team deals with players that may have to switch positions, and we're no different. We just want to work hard and get ready to play each week and try to do the best that we can on Sunday."
As the Patriots move forward, they're hoping to have players like Cannon, Mason, Stork, and Jackson return to the field. New England has taken a conservative approach with injuries this season as they've rested players an extra amount of time. Until those players are ready to go, Gug will be working with the players to make sure they play to the best of their ability.
"There's getting the job done and then there's making it look pretty," Gug said at the end of September. "I think we're more interested in getting the job done at this point. "
Maybe the line will look pretty towards the end of the year, but for now Gug continues to earn the trust of the team, of the players, and of Patriots fans everywhere.
Carol Rose, executive director of the ACLU of Massachusetts, entered the Moakley Federal Court Friday morning.
A federal judge in Seattle on Friday issued what they described as a nationwide ruling that temporarily blocked President Trump's ban on travelers from seven Muslim-majority countries, as immigrants scrambled to enter the United States and lawyers fought over the executive order in Boston federal court and others.
US District Judge James Robart in Seattle ruled that the states of Minnesota and Washington had standing to challenge Trump's order and said the states showed their case was likely to succeed.
Robart, in their written ruling, wrote that the executive order “adversely affects'' residents across the two states and the state's public universities. “These harms are significant and ongoing,'' the ruling said.
Advertisement
“This (order) is granted on a nationwide basis'' the ruling said, and prohibited enforcement of the president's executive order “at all United States borders and ports of entry pending further orders from this court.''
Get Metro Headlines in your inbox: The 10 top local news stories from metro Boston and around New England delivered daily. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
The White House vowed Friday night to fight the ruling, initially issuing a statement that called it an “outrageous order” and described Trump's executive order “lawful and appropriate.” Seconds later, it issued an updated statement that dropped the description of the judge's ruling as outrageous.
The Seattle judge's ruling followed a ruling in Boston federal court Friday that sided with the Trump administration — a further sign of the chaotic legal fights underway across the country. It appears to increase the odds that the fight over the order would end up before the Supreme Court.
Trump and their aides have argued that the Jan. 27 executive order will make the country safer. It has sparked protests in Boston and around the country.
In a victory for Trump, US District Judge Nathaniel M. Gorton in Massachusetts refused to extend a temporary stay on the president's ban in Boston, saying Trump would likely succeed in the case on the grounds that they have broad authority over federal immigration laws.
Advertisement
The Boston case appeared to be more narrowly drawn than the ruling in Seattle.
The ACLU of Massachusetts and the American Immigration Lawyers Association's New England chapter said late Friday that while they were disappointed in the Boston ruling, they believed the rulings in Seattle and a separate one in New York would continue to halt Trump's travel ban nationwide.
“Great!” said Carol Rose, executive director of the ACLU of Massachusetts, in response to the Seattle ruling. “We live to fight another day.”
Trump's order blocked visa holders from Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria, and Yemen from the United States for 90 days, halted the entire refugee program for 120 days, and barred Syrian refugees indefinitely.
Federal officials disclosed Friday that nearly 60,000 visas — and perhaps as many as 100,000 — were revoked as a result of the ban, which Massachusetts officials said thrust hundreds, if not thousands, of businesses and colleges into turmoil. Professors, scientists, and doctors who left the United States were shocked to discover that they could not return home.
Advertisement
“While this Court is sympathetic to the difficult personal circumstances in which these plaintiffs find themselves, if they choose to leave the country, as nonresident aliens, they have no right to re-enter,” Gorton said in the 21-page ruling.
The restraining order in Boston, issued in the middle of the night last weekend, expires early Sunday morning.
The government's lawyer made clear during the Boston hearing Friday that visa holders who live in the United States now may not be allowed to return if they leave the country.
The Massachusetts judge's swift ruling — just five hours after lawyers from the ACLU and state Attorney General Maura Healey's office had argued in court that the ban discriminated against Muslims — marked a crushing defeat in a state that voted against Trump and rallied strongly against their Jan. 27 executive order.
Governor Charlie Baker, a Republican, and immigrant advocates intensified their opposition Friday to Trump's order, saying it affected companies and schools, including the University of Massachusetts, which has 300 students and 160 faculty and staff from the seven countries.
In addition, the Massachusetts Senate had passed a resolution condemning Trump's order, and the state's entire congressional delegation, all Democrats, had opposed the ban.
Lawyers said the restraining order cleared the way for several immigrants to return to the United States Friday to cheers and applause at Logan International Airport. But the celebration did not last.
After the ruling, the ACLU of Massachusetts vowed to continue fighting the ban in court. The group called Trump's order “illegal, unconstitutional, and dangerous.”
A lawyer for the Department of Justice defended Trump's order in Boston federal court, saying the United States has broad powers over immigration laws and has the right to revoke visas.
“They're essentially reading this as a Muslim ban, because that's what they want to see,” said Joshua Press, the Department of Justice lawyer who defended Trump's order in court.
They reiterated that nothing in Trump's executive order explicitly banned Muslims, a point the ACLU challenged. When the judge asked if visa holders might be barred from reentry if they left the United States, Press said yes.
Homeland Security issued a statement after the Boston ruling saying the order imposed a “90-day pause” on travel of citizens from the seven nations and reiterated it did not apply to green card holders, dual citizens, or people with diplomatic visas.
Officials said Trump's order allowed the government over the next 30 days to review which nations are failing to provide adequate information about their citizens who travel to the United States. Then the nations will be given 60 days to provide that information.
“Principally, the goal is to ensure that those admitted to this country do not bear hostile attitudes toward the United States and its founding principles,” the department said.
The Boston lawsuit and restraining order were among the first legal challenges to Trump's executive order, though other lawsuits have sprung up across the country.
In addition to the ruling in Seattle Friday, a judge in New York agreed to extend a restraining order to Feb. 21, and a federal judge in Los Angeles imposed a restraining order against the travel ban.
It was not immediately clear how the Seattle ruling would affect visa holders hoping to travel to Boston. Homeland Security officials declined to comment.
Supporters of immigrants who returned to Logan on a Lufthansa flight from Germany Friday said some had left the United States for work or travel or to visit family only to discover that they could not return.
On Friday, they were welcomed at Terminal E with signs, flowers, and applause, and US Representatives Joseph Kennedy Jr. and James McGovern.
Banah Alhanfy, a citizen of Iraq, was the first passenger from a banned nation to arrive on Friday, shortly before 2 p.m. They fell into arms of family members waiting in Boston.
Them uncle, Aqeel Mohialdeen of Maine, hugged their tightly, tears in their eyes.
“After the executive order, the whole family didn't know what to do,” they said.
Alhanfy said their visa had been issued later than those of their relatives and that they had arrived in the United States ahead of them They had been barred from their original flight in Iraq due to the travel ban, but said they changed their destination to Turkey and traveled to Germany, where they boarded a Boston-bound flight.
Worcester Polytechnic Institute student Behnam Partopour was met at the airport by theschool's president, Laurie Leshin, and McGovern, as well as a friend, Ehsan Keyvani, who held a sign that read, “Let them come home.”
Partopour, who was also on the Lufthansa flight, met the media wearing a blue blazer and carrying a champagne-colored rose.
“I've lived in Worcester more than two years. It is my second home,” Partopour said.
Also returning Friday was Niki Mossafer Rahmati, an engineering student at MIT who had spent winter break in their native Iran.
“We can all be glad that our affected undergraduates have overcome their immediate immigration difficulties and are back with us,” MIT president L. Rafael Reif wrote Friday in an e-mail to the university community.
John Tlumacki/Globe Staff Behnam Partopour, a Worcester Polytechnic Institute student from Iran, was greeted at Logan Airport.
Material from the Associated Press is included in this report.
The team fed their algorithm datasets from recommendation engines Movielens and Jester. Essentially, their math weighs the value users get by clicking against the personal info they're disclosing, and points out when users would be handing over too much information for too little effect. While not everyone uses those particular services, they've definitely used a recommendation before if they've spun up a Pandora station or let Netflix suggest films.
Of course, since these are academics, their paper goes a step further, applying game theory to the algorithm's results in order to develop clicking strategies for the average internet browser to adopt. At best, following a shrewd strategy means a little over 5 percent of clicking certain things sides heavily in the user's favor. On the other side of the equation, it identifies 16 percent of clicks that would hand over much more personal info with very little gained.
Lead researcher on the team Mahsa Taziki plans to keep developing the system. They want to implement it into a browser extension that would warn users when the website they're on is being too liberal with their personal data.
The vice president of Google Search Product & user experience- Marissa Meyer has recently announced that Google will be permanently adding a sidebar to its search pages. They think that the users of Google are unhappy with the same design of Google's search interface. So, they are now testing a few changes in the Google's Search interface by adding a Sidebar on its left side and is going to soon visible to a small portion of users.The sidebar will be consisting of some options to access content like Orkut, Google images, books, news, maps etc. There will be another option which will remember the Search History Keyword for fast search.This will be a great change in the history of internet as the Google Search Interface is changing which was untouched for many years and millions of users are quite habituated with its daily search interface.
UPDATE: I have a more recent 25 Dupes for High-End Products post for 2017 if you are looking for even more great dupes :) Check it out UPDATE: I have a more recent 25 Dupes for High-End Products post for 2017 if you are looking for even more great dupes :) Check it out here
Makeup
The first dupes on the list are for an amazing mascara I've recently started using. I immediately fell in love with Too Faced's Better Than Sex Mascara, and quickly began my hunt for a lower-priced mascara with the same effect. I found two mascaras with similar brushes and formulas that I think are pretty good dupes for 'Better Than Sex'. They are the e.l.f. Mineral Volumizing Mascara and the Rimmel Scandaleyes Retro Glam Mascara.
The Maybelline Color Tattoos are pigmented, smooth and long-lasting, and have some great colors to choose from. The shade 'Barely Branded' from the Color Tattoo "Metals" collection is very similar to the shade 'Bare Study' from the MAC Pro Longwear Paint Pot collection. While I find the MAC paint pots slightly more smooth and creamy, once the products are on the lid the lasting power and pigmentation are practically identical.
The YSL Touche Eclat Radiant Touch highlighting pen is a huge cult-favorite in the beauty industry. It is well-pigmented and provides a nice highlight to brighten the under-eye area. There are several dupes out there for this highlighting concealer, and my personal favorite is the Maybelline Dream Lumi Touch. It has much better coverage than the other dupes I've tried, the shades are great, and I find that my dark circles practically disappear.
The Diorskin Ultra Shimmering Allover Face Powder in Amber Diamond was a limited edition product that now sells for anywhere between $150 to $300! It was a highlighting powder with a slightly bronze sheen, and the multi-dimensional effect is truly beautiful. The Physicians Fomula Shimmer Strips in Riviera Strip has a similar color, and when all the shades are blended together you'll have a beautiful bronze glow.
Dior 'Diorskin' Ultra Shimmering Allover Face Powder (in Amber Diamond) price unavailable (limited edition product) price unavailable (limited edition product)
One of Stila's most popular products are the lip glazes, and for good reason! They are shiny, pigmented, smell great and are available in a huge selection of shades. Another similar product worth a try is the e.l.f. Hypershine gloss, which has a conditioning, long lasting formula and goes on just as smooth as the lip glazes.
The MAC lip pencil in Spice has been speculated as Kylie Jenner's lip liner of choice for their now-infamous mauve lip color. There are many mauve lip liners out there, but one of the closest that I have found the the exact beigy-mauve tone as Spice is the NYX slim lip pencil in coffee.
The Makeup Forever Full Cover Extreme Camouflage Cream and the Kat Von D Lock-It Tattoo conealer are are two of the most high coverage, heavy-duty concealers on the market. They are also water and transfer-resistant and are very good for covering blemishes, dark circles, skin discoloration and tattoos. The Hard Candy Glamoflauge concealer has the same thick, highly pigmented properties and is readily available at WalMart!
One of the most well-known e.l.f. dupes is their studio blush and bronzing powder, which is a dupe for the NARS Blush/Bronzer duo. Both products come in several shades, but the most popular of the NARS variety is the Orgasm/Laguna duo, for which you can dupe with St. Lucia from e.l.f..
Another NARS dupe! The NARS Highlighting Blush in albatross is an extremely pigmented highlighter that is used by many makeup artists (and has even received praise from celebrities including Kim Kardashian). It's a difficult product to dupe because of the unique shade, but one product I have found with similar pigmentation and color is an eyeshadow from essence cosmetics. In case you haven't tried any of essence's products, by the way, you're missing out! They have very highly-pigmented blushes, shadows and concealers and some great mascaras, too. Their metal glam shadow in n'ice frosting can be used as a highlighting product to provide a similar effect to NARS albatross.
The Stila Stay-All-Day waterproof liquid liner is a very popular liquid eyeliner pen because of it's easy-glide, long-lasting, smudge-free formula. One of the best liner pens from the drugstore is the L'Oréal Infallible eyeliner, which happens to be a great dupe for the Stila favorite. The L'Oréal liner pen now comes in a Super Slim version to allow for even more precision.
I have many friends who refuse to use anything but the MAC Cosmetics fluidline gel eyeliner. They love it for it's easy of use and silky, soft finish, but in my opinion I think you can find great gel eyeliners at the drugstore from brands like e.l.f., Maybelline and Sonia Kashuk. The Maybelline Eye Studio Lasting Drama gel eyeliner is one the most popular gel liners at the drugstore, and is a great dupe for MAC fluidline.
The Tarte lights, camera lashes inner rim brightener is a newer product on the market, created for the purpose of brightening the eye area. It is designed to be used on the inner rim, in place of white eyeliner (a widely used trick for looking more awake) which can look harsh and unnatural against many skin tones. Rimmel's Scandaleyes kohl kajal in nude glides on easily and the pigmentation is great.
The Makeup Forever HD Microfinish powder is a translucent finishing powder that can be used over makeup or alone. It is very popular for it's ability to keep makeup in place and control shine without looking "powdery". It's high price tag is a turn off to many, and while the e.l.f. high definition powder is more expensive than their other studio line products, it's nearly-identical to to Makeup Forever's award-winning formula and still provides significant savings.
Another great product for setting your makeup is a finishing spray. MAC's Prep+Prime Fix+ is one of the most popular finishing sprays on the market, but many people have found ways to avoid the over-priced formula with DIY verisons. If DIY-ing isn't something you're interested in, though, checkout the e.l.f. studio makeup mist & set, which contains good-for-your-skin ingredients such as aloe, cucumber and vitamins A, C, and E.
To find some of the dupes listed above and many, many more, checkout e.l.f. cosmetics ! They sell tons of great, very inexpensive products that I LOVE and that work just as well as high-end and designer cosmetics.
Skincare
Philosophy's 'Purity" facial cleanser is an extremely popular face wash, as people love that they can use one product to clear their skin of makeup, dirt, oil, and grease simultaneously. It's creamy formula emulsifies the skin and leaves your skin balanced and clean and it's also great for sensitive skin. The Neutrogena one-step gentle cleanser is pretty much the same idea, as you can clear out all the grime on your faec in one simple step.
La Mer's Creme De La Mer is notoriously expensive. Like, extremely expensive. Try $249.00 for a mere 2 ounces. Crazy, right? I was skeptical when someone suggested Nivea's 'Creme" body cream as a dupe to Creme de La Mer, but the ingredient list has some strong similarities. Look into it if you've been wanting to dry Creme de La Mer or if you've already fell in love with the product, because if you like it the savings would be truly phenomenal.
Garnier's Clean+ Nourishing Cleansing Oil was introduct to the market fairly recently, and was actually the first cleansing oil available at the drugstore! I've tried it and it's honestly amazing for the price, and would dupe many of the cleansing oils available at high-end specialty stores. One specific oil I've tried in the past is the Josie Maran Argan Cleansing Oil and I like Garnier's just as much, if not more.
GlamGlow's famous Hollywood mud mask is a naturally-formulated mask that exfoliates skin, tightens pores and draws out impurities, leaving your skin glowing and radiant. Another great mask to try if you're on a budget is the Boots Botanic's ionic clay mask with willowbark, which is great for clearing the skin and leaving is soft and smooth. These masks are great for an at home spa day or a weekly facial treatment for acne-prone or clogged-up skin.
I used Clinique's take the day off cleansing milk throughout high school, and I loved it's ability to emulsify the skin and lift out all the impurities while leaving my skin moisturized and clean. There are two cleansing milks in the drugstore that I'm aware of, one from Yes to Cucumbers and one from Avalon Organics. I love the Avalon Organics cleansing milk because of the addition of vitamin C, lemon bioflavanoids and white tea, which they claim will help fight stress and help with anti-aging.
Hempz' original herbal body moisturizer hydrates and nourishes the skin with a natural formula, and is a product that many people have used for years continuously. Suave is a brand that actually advertises many of it's products as dupes for popular high-end ones, and their skin therapy body lotion with aloe is a good dupe for the Hempz original formula.
Hair Products
The Bumble and Bumble surf spray is great for creating beachy texture, but you can find many alternative formulas that create the same affect, either from the drugstore or from your own kitchen with DIY salt sprays. For a drugstore alternative, try the Not Your Mother's beach babe texturizing spray. Just spray it in your hair and start scrunching or twirling your hair and you'll get a texturized, beachy style in no time.
Deep repair masks are very popular on the market, as the overwhelming majority of women suffer from dry, damaged hair. The Macadamia natural oil deep repair masque is especially popular, and the results are great along with the light, fresh smell. Organix hydrating macadamia oil mask has a similar smell and formula, and both will leave your hair especially soft and moisturized.
The Matrix sleek shampoo has a great fizz-fighting formula, but it's pretty expensive for a shampoo. Shampoo isn't generally something you need to spend a lot of money on because the majority of them do the same thing. So if you're hooked on a particular high-end shampoo, it's definitely possible to find something that will do the same thing for a lot less. For the Matrix sleek shampoo particularly, Suave's sleek shampoo actually says right there on the bottle that the two are comparable.
Over the past few years, I've transitioned from using leave-in conditioners in my hair to using oils. I like that my hair absorbs them faster and I feel that my hair looks healthier than before. The oil treatment from Morocconoil is one of the most popular hair oils on the market, but I've found that most hair oils have the same overall result for me. The Organix renewing moroccon argan oil is a great dupe for the Morocconoil treatment, though, because they have a similar ingredient list.
The last dupe on my list is for another great hair mask. Fekkai's shea butter mask is very thick and really penetrates thick, course hair, but the triple nutrition 3-minute treatment from Garnier works just the same! It contains several deeply moisturizing ingredients to saturate every strand.
If you've found any beauty dupes that aren't on the list, leave them in the comments! Or if you have a favorite high-end product that you'd like me to dupe, let me know and I'll do my best to find one for you!
Also, be sure to check out some of the other posts from my "Budget Beauty" series:
High-end beauty products are luxurious, fun to shop for, and often perform better than their inexpensive, "low-end" counterparts. But the truth is, with a little bit of luck and experimentation, you can often find products that perform just as well as your favorites at a fraction of the price. I wanted to give some of the my favorite low-end alternatives for expensive makeup, hair and skincare products, because "dupe"-ing is something I love to do and it can really amount to huge savings.
A Melbourne schoolboy claims they could be the first Australian denied a visa to enter the United States following President Donald Trump's controversial immigration ban. Courtesy: Sunrise/Channel 7
BEFORE leaving office, Barack Obama warned they were willing to be vocal in retirement.
Well, the former US president has already taken their first swipe at Donald Trump. Today Mr Obama released a statement responding to Mr Trump's controversial immigration ban - and it's pretty obvious he's not a fan.
Mr Obama expressed their support for those protesting against the ban, which they said contravened “American values”.
“President Obama is heartened by the level of engagement taking place in communities around the country. Citizens exercising their Constitutional right to assemble, organise and have their voices heard by their elected officials is exactly what we expect to see when American values are at stake,” spokesperson Kevin Lewis said on Mr Obama's behalf.
“With regard to comparisons to President Obama's foreign policy decisions, as we've heard before, the president fundamentally disagrees with the notion of discriminating against individuals because of their faith and religion.”
Mr Trump would likely dispute that characterisation of their policy. They have rejected accusations the executive order amounts to a “Muslim ban”, pointing out that it doesn't include dozens of majority-Muslim countries. Instead, they say it is aimed at stopping extremists from entering the United States.
“To be clear, this is not a Muslim ban, as the media is falsely reporting. This is not about religion, this is about terror and keeping our country safe,” the president said in a statement yesterday.
“There are over 40 different countries worldwide that are majority Muslim that are not affected by this order.
“I have tremendous feeling for the people involved in this horrific humanitarian crisis in Syria. My first priority will always be to protect and serve our country, but as President I will find ways to help all those who are suffering.”
The executive order, signed on Friday, bars the citizens of seven nations — Iraq, Iran, Syria, Sudan, Somalia, Libya and Yemen — from travelling to the US for at least 90 days. Mr Trump has also imposed a 120-day suspension on America's refugee program.
Mr Obama is taking a somewhat unusual step by publicly commenting on the Trump administration's policies. Former presidents typically give their successors quite a lot of breathing space - Mr Obama's predecessor, George W. Bush, has remained virtually silent for the last eight years. And while Bill Clinton was active in both of Hillary's White House campaigns, they spent most of their immediate post-presidential years focusing on humanitarian issues.
Mr Obama, on the other hand, signalled their intentions to be vocal in retirement months ago.
“As an American citizen who cares deeply about our country, if there are issues that have less to do witht they specifics of some legislative proposal or battle or go to core questions about our values and ideals, and if I think that it's necessary or helpful for me to defend those ideals, I'll examine it when it comes,” Mr Obama said.
Uncredited/Associated Press
How much money is Jim Harbaugh worth?
The value of a coach in the NFL is a little harder to define than the value of a player, because there is no salary cap for your coaching staff. It's one of the few areas a big-pocketed owner can get a leg up on smaller teams—Jerry Jones couldn't sign the entire All-Pro roster to their team, but they could sign the very best and brightest coaches and pay them 10 times as much as anyone else would.
Nevertheless, the NFL has, in general, come across a solid salary structure for coaches.
While the official contracts for coaches aren't released, we do have general figures for most of them. The eight coaches who made more than $6 million last year is a list generally composed of the top-regarded coaches in the league—Sean Payton, Bill Belichick, Andy Reid, Pete Carroll, Jeff Fisher, Mike Shanahan, Tom Coughlin and Chip Kelly.
How can we determine what the “going rate” for coaches is? Coaches don't rack up yards or tackles, so there are no statistics to compare them with and a straight win-loss comparison does not work, because teams have varying levels of on-field talent.
Tom Pennington/Getty Images
One of the best systems I've seemed to compare coaches is something called the "Dungy Index," put together by Doug Drinen and refined by Chase Stuart over at FootballPerspective.com.
Basically, it grades a coach on their ability to crank out positive season after positive season, avoiding the natural regression to the mean each year. It's hard to win 12 games every year, because players get hurt and aging happens. Similarly, it's hard to lose 12 games every year, because new draft talent comes in and improves the team's prospects.
Drinen and Stuart take a team's performance in one year and then use historical averages to figure out how well a team is expected to do the next season, using something called the Pythagorean record. That's a way of trying to take luck out of the equation and just seeing how many games a team should have won, based on how many points and scored and how many points it gave up.
What the system does, then, is calculated the number of wins a team should be expected to have and then sum up how much better or worse each coach performs.
The list spits out Don Shula, George Halas and Tony Dungy as the top three coaches, which isn't bad at all for an objective list. The fact that the rest of the top 10 is populated by people such as Vince Lombardi, John Madden, Bill Belichick and Tom Landry shows that it's a fairly solid objective ranking.
Let's put that into perspective for Jim Harbaugh. We can go back and calculate, using this formula, how many regular-season wins the San Francisco 49ers were “supposed” to get each season and see how Harbaugh has fared against historical trends.
Jim Harbaugh Versus Expectations Year Expected Wins Actual Wins Difference 2011 7.4 13 +5.6 2012 10.0 11.5 +1.5 2013 9.6 12 +2.4 2014 9.7 ?? ?? Pro-Football-Reference.com, FootballPerspective.com
You can see that Harbaugh's teams have consistently outperformed how good they “should” have been, based on historical trends. That implies that Harbaugh themselves brings an extra level of skill as a coach.
It's a very small sample size, and it's inflated due to the sheer size of the jump between the Mike Singletary team of 2010 and Harbaugh's first season in 2011, but it does at least imply that Harbaugh gets more out of their team than a random coach would.
It implies an average coach could be expected to go 9-7 or 10-6 with this year's 49ers, but Harbaugh's coaching can add at least a win or two to that number.
Again, it's a small sample size, but it bodes well. It puts Harbaugh's NFL career, so far, at 9.4 wins above expectations. By comparison, Bill Walsh's entire career ended with 9.5 wins above expectations, so Harbaugh's started their career in pretty good company.
John Raoux/Associated Press
Of course, regular-season wins are one thing, but the playoffs are where the great coaches make their reputations and their money. Harbaugh has denied to Bleacher Report's Jason Cole wanting to be paid like a Super Bowl-winning coach, but there still apparently exists a gap between Harbaugh's value of themselves and the 49ers' value of Harbaugh or else a contract extension would already have been done.
I'm going to use a modified version of the Dungy Index to see what the going rate for playoff-caliber coaches is in the current NFL.
Rather than use Pythagorean wins, as the index uses, I'm going use the actual number of wins in each season, plus any postseason wins. This is because I imagine owners pay more attention to the actual performance on the field, rather than how good a team “should” have been, and they put a premium on playoff appearances and success.
Note: All salaries in this table are estimates, and some coaches simply do not have public salaries. I'm using the estimates provided here at Coaches Hot Seat for ballpark numbers for the 2013 season; these are collected from sources around the web and should not be taken as gospel, necessarily.
Active Coaches' Wins Above Expectation Rank Coach WAE 2013 Salary Rank Coach WAE 2013 Salary 1 Bill Belichick 46.4 $7,500,000 15 Chuck Pagano 3.9 $4,000,000 2 Andy Reid 24.0 $6,000,000 16 Marvin Lewis 3.7 $3,500,000 3 Sean Payton 20.5 $8,000,000 17 Ron Rivera 3.7 $3,000,000 4 Tom Coughlin 19.8 $6,800,000 18 Rex Ryan 3.6 $3,000,000 5 Mike McCarthy 17.8 $5,550,000 19 Chip Kelly 3.2 $6,500,000 6 John Harbaugh 16.4 $7,000,000 20 Mike McCoy 2.3 $3,000,000 7 John Fox 16.2 $3,500,000 21 Jason Garrett 1.2 $5,000,000 8 Mike Tomlin 13.3 $6,000,000 22 Ken Whisenhunt 0.4 $5,500,000 9 Jim Harbaugh 13.0 $5,000,000 23 Joe Philbin -0.1 $3,500,000 10 Pete Carroll 9.8 $7,000,000 24 Jim Caldwell -0.6 $4,500,000 11 Lovie Smith 8.7 $5,000,000 25 Marc Trestman -0.7 $4,000,000 12 Mike Smith 8.6 $4,000,000 26 Doug Marrone -1.4 $3,000,000 13 Bruce Arians 7.4 $4,000,000 27 Gus Bradley -2.1 $3,000,000 14 Jeff Fisher 6.6 $7,000,000 28 Dennis Allen -6.8 $2,500,000 Pro-Football-Reference.com
That's a lot of numbers, but what does this tell us?
First of all, you'll note that most of the coaches have an above-average number of wins. That doesn't make a lot of sense until you realize that coaches with a below-average number of wins tend to get fired pretty quickly.
Secondly, the fact that Harbaugh has already racked up the ninth-most wins above expectation among active coaches is pretty impressive, considering he's only been in the league three seasons. They have the most wins-above-expectation-per-season because they haven't had a bad year yet.
From Harbaugh's perspective, now is precisely the time to strike to get a new deal done before a poor season dilutes what he's been able to accomplish so far.
Byline Withheld/Associated Press
Secondly, success doesn't necessarily mean a high contract value right off the bat. John Fox only got a four-year, $14 million deal when they joined the Denver Broncos, despite a track record of success in Carolina. Fox and Denver agreed on a new deal this past April, which pushes them up to about $5.5 million a season, according to The Denver Post.
All things considered, that seems about the right ballpark for Harbaugh at this point. He's worth more than the $5 million a year he's getting now, but based on their relatively short track record, he's probably in the Mike McCarthy and John Fox tax bracket, as opposed to Bill Belichick or Sean Payton money.
It's tempting to look around the division and see the $7 million salaries handed out to Pete Carroll and Jeff Fisher and say that's how much money Harbaugh should be making, but that's not entirely fair. By this method of ranking coaches, Fisher and Carroll are actually the two most overpaid coaches in the NFL.
Ted S. Warren/Associated Press
Carroll's rating is being drawn down by their tenure a decade ago with the New York Jets and New England Patriots. You can make a strong argument that their time in Seattle, as well as their experience at USC, has made them a far different coach since then, and that's a fair argument.
This is a situation where the numbers don't yet reflect an improvement on Carroll's part, and thus, you could argue, he's getting paid appropriately for their actual current skill set.
Fisher's salary, on the other hand, feels overpaid. With 19 years of experience as an NFL coach, Fisher definitely has a solid amount of tenure behind him.
However, only six of those seasons were actually winning seasons, and they haven't reached the playoffs since 2008. Pointing out that Fisher gets $7 million, while Harbaugh gets $5 million, is an argument that Fisher is overpaid, not that Harbaugh is underpaid.
Of course, all this logic goes out the window if Harbaugh does finally lead the 49ers to their sixth championship this season. In that case, yes, Harbaugh's almost certainly worth a $7 million payday, as well as almost anything else they demand.
Without a salary cap, there's also no harm in overpaying Harbaugh. As long as the team remains certain he's one of the top coaches in the league, it doesn't really matter if they pay them $5 million or $10 million a season.
I'd put their actual value on the free market right now at about $6 million a year, but no matter what the final price is, the 49ers should do everything in their power to lock Harbaugh up for the long term.
Bryan Knowles is a featured columnist for Bleacher Report, covering the San Francisco 49ers. Follow them @BryKno on Twitter.
August 25, 2016
Study: Unconventional Natural Gas Wells Associated With Migraine, Fatigue, Chronic Nasal and Sinus Symptoms
Evidence growing of health problems linked to fracking industry
New research suggests that Pennsylvania residents with the highest exposure to active natural gas wells operated by the hydraulic fracturing (“fracking”) industry are nearly twice as likely to suffer from a combination of migraine headaches, chronic nasal and sinus symptoms and severe fatigue.
Researchers from the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health, reporting online Aug. 25 in the journal Environmental Health Perspectives, say their findings add to a growing body of evidence linking the fracking industry to health problems.
“These three health conditions can have debilitating impacts on people's lives,” says first author Aaron W. Tustin, MD, MPH, a resident physician in the Department of Environmental Health Sciences at the Bloomberg School. “In addition, they cost the health care system a lot of money. Our data suggest these symptoms are associated with proximity to the fracking industry.”
For their study, Tustin and their colleagues created a questionnaire and received responses from 7,785 adult primary care patients of the Geisinger Health System, a health care provider that covers 40 counties in north and central Pennsylvania.
The questionnaires were returned between April and October of 2014.
The researchers found that 1,765 respondents (23 percent) suffered from migraines, 1,930 people (25 percent) experienced severe fatigue and 1,850 (24 percent) had current symptoms of chronic rhinosinusitis (defined as three or more months of nasal and sinus symptoms).
The researchers used publicly available well data to estimate participants' exposure to the fracking industry. Their models accounted for the size and number of wells, as well as the distance between wells and people's homes.
While no single health condition was associated with proximity to active wells, those who met criteria for two or more of the health conditions were nearly twice as likely to live closer to more or larger wells.
“We don't know specifically why people in close proximity to these larger wells are more likely to be sick,” says the study's senior author Brian S. Schwartz, MD, MS, a professor in the Department of Environmental Health Sciences at the Bloomberg School. “We need to find a way to better understand the correlation and, hopefully, do something to protect the health of these people.”
Previous research conducted by Schwartz and colleagues has linked the fracking industry to increases in premature births, asthma attacks and indoor radon concentrations.
Tustin and their colleagues say there are plausible explanations for how fracking could cause these health conditions. Well development generates air pollution, which could provoke nasal and sinus symptoms. This type of drilling also produces stressors such as odors, noise, bright lights and heavy truck traffic. Any of these stressors could increase the risk of symptoms. Migraine headaches, for example, are known to be triggered by odors in some individuals.
Hydraulic fracturing involves the injection of millions of liters of water into deep rock formations to liberate natural gas or petroleum. Energy companies moved toward fracking in the early 2000s when natural gas prices were high and supplies were low. Pennsylvania has embraced the industry. Over 9,000 fracking wells have been drilled in Pennsylvania in the past decade. Hydraulic fracturing has expanded rapidly in recent years in states such as Colorado, North Dakota, Wyoming, West Virginia and Ohio. In contrast, New York has banned fracking and Maryland has delayed well production.
Maryland's fracking moratorium is set to expire in October 2017. The moratorium was passed in 2015 out of concern about fracking's potentially negative environmental effects, before the more recent health studies were completed. Schwartz says Maryland regulators should consider these new scientific findings when they decide whether to allow drilling.
“The moratorium was put in place before we even knew that there were health effects associated with these wells,” Schwartz says. “Now that we do, regulators need to carefully consider their next steps.”
“Associations between unconventional natural gas development and nasal and sinus, migraine headache, and fatigue symptoms in Pennsylvania” was written by Aaron W. Tustin; Annemarie G. Hirsch; Sara G. Rasmussen; Joan A. Casey; Karen Bandeen-Roche and Brian S. Schwartz.
This research was funded by the National Institutes of Health's National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases (U19 AI106683) and National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences (R21 ES023675 and ES07141); the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation; the Degenstein Foundation; and the National Science Foundation Integrative Graduate from Education and Research Traineeship. Schwartz is a fellow of the Post Carbon Institute (PCI), serving as an informal advisor on climate, energy and health issues. They receive no payment for this role. Their research is entirely independent of PCI, and is not motivated, reviewed or funded by PCI.
# # #
Media contacts for the Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health: Stephanie Desmon at 410) 955-7619 or sdesmon1@jhu.edu and Barbara Benham 410- 614-6029 or bbenham1@jhu.edu.
British Columbia NDP leader John Horgan reintroduced, for the sixth time, a bill Thursday that would ban big money from provincial politics.
Announcements, Events & more from Tyee and select partners ‘Punch to the Gut' Musical on Residential Schools Returns to Vancouver Children of God has been shaped by intense audience reactions, says director Corey Payette.
Unlike past versions, none of which the Liberal majority in the legislature has supported, the new bill would also ban donations from outside the province and stop the premier and cabinet ministers from taking any pay other than their public salary.
“This is the sixth time we've brought this forward and I believe it will be the sixth time the B.C. Liberals reject the notion of having their big, wealthy, well-connected donors cut off from buying the best government corporate money has ever seen,” Horgan told reporters after introducing the bill in the legislature. “This is long overdue.”
Horgan said other jurisdictions disallow donations from outside their borders and B.C. should as well.
After several months of political pressure, Premier Christy Clark recently said they would stop receiving a $50,000 annual payment from the BC Liberal Party. Horgan said the NDP bill would make it illegal for the premier or other members of cabinet to receive pay from any source other than the public.
“If you're a member of the executive council, you receive a salary from the public for the services you provide as a public servant and you're not entitled to any other funds, whether it be from individuals or corporations, whether you own them or whether they are privately held,” Horgan said.
Finance minister and government house leader Michael de Jong said Horgan was correct the bill would not find support from BC Liberals in the legislature.
“There's no intention on the part of government at this point to make the change that I believe is being advocated to replace a mechanism for donations for the alternatives we've seen where tax dollars are used to replace donations,” de Jong said. “That's not something that we've been drawn to.”
Premier Rejects Political Donation Ban, Says They Represent Everyone read more
In January, the BC Liberals began posting records of donations on the party website within 10 days of receiving them. De Jong said the government intends to make that kind of disclosure the law and could introduce the legislation during the current session.
Horgan said it was important to reintroduce the NDP bill to ban corporate and union donations, even if the government was unlikely to pass it. “I think people want to know and have some hope and confidence that there is someone out there that understands that this big money distorts our political process and we need to change that,” they said.
Independent Delta South MLA Vicki Huntington also introduced two bills Thursday that are unlikely to pass. One would end cash-for-access fundraising and “ban the premier, cabinet ministers and their staff from attending political fundraisers, soliciting donations and inviting anyone to attend political fundraisers.”
The other would ban corporate and union donations and would limit all political donations to $1,500 per person per year. Those changes would apply to both provincial and municipal elections.
ByFormer WBA lightweight champion Brandon Rios' career may be on the brink of implosion on Saturday night if they get beaten by Argentinian slugger Diego Chaves (23-1, 19 KOs), but he's still getting paid very well by their promoters at Top Rank.
For their fight against Chaves, Rios will be getting $925,000, which is by far the biggest purse for all the fighters on the card at the Cosmopolitan of Las Vegas, in Las Vegas, Nevada, USA.
Rios has lost their last two fights, and it's looking pretty bad for their career outlook if they get beaten by Chaves. But Top Rank sees Rios as being worth close to $1 million for this fight despite their losses. I wonder if we're going to see change in that area if Chaves does as number on Rios and knocks them out. Being Rios' B-side doesn't seem to pay well at least for this fight.
Dan Rafael of ESPN said “Purses for Sat's HBO card as per Nevada commission: Rios $925k, Chaves $25k (but more via Argentina TV), Vargas $120k, Novikov $105k.”
$25,000 seems to be a really low figure for a fighter as talented as #10 IBF Diego Chaves. After all, he's actually ranked in the top 10 in the welterweight division and has the better record than Rios. It doesn't see hardly fair for Chaves to be getting that much less than Rios, does it? Rios isn't ranked in the top 15, and is coming off of a loss to Manny Pacquiao, as well as a suspension.
With Chaves only making $25K, it makes you wonder whether there were other guys that Top Rank was considering for the fight for Rios that may have wanted more than that low figure. It's interesting Anton Novikov (29-0, 10 KOs), who will be fighting Top Rank promoted WBA light welterweight champion Jessie Vargas (24-0, 9 KOs) in the co-feature bout, is getting a purse 4X the amount of Diego Chaves at $105,000. What's up with that? Chaves is fighting in the main event, but their purse is far smaller than Novikov. It's strange. Novikov isn't ranked as high as Chaves, but he's still getting a far bigger purse.
If Chaves knocks Rios out on Saturday or beats them the way that Pacquiao did, it should help Chaves get bigger paydays in the future. He's someone that needs to be fighting more in the U.S if they want to get the bigger paydays and not end up with the small money.
But after a rocky decade under a conservative-led government, during which the carless, hashish-friendly community faced threats of expulsion and a Supreme Court ruling that said the squatters had no legal right to remain on the land, the residents made a pragmatic decision to buy the property — or, as many would have it, to “buy it free.”
“People were afraid, and we had to respect this fear,” said Allan Lausten, a handyman who took part in the negotiations despite an aversion to bureaucrats.
The Danish state made it easy, too. Not only did officials offer to sell the land for about $14.5 million, a fraction of what it would be worth if sold commercially, but they also made several provisions to accommodate the Christianites' way of life.
One sticking point was how to negotiate with a group run by consensus democracy, where a decision is made only if everyone who shows up at a meeting agrees. “Their system of government is very difficult to deal with from the perspective of the state,” said Carsten Jarlov, director of the Danish State Building Agency, who first began working on the deal in 2004. “What do you do with all these meetings, where everyone has a say and no one is responsible?”
The solution was to create a foundation, with a board made up of five residents and six outsiders, to act as owners on behalf of the Christianites.
Photo
Because it can be difficult for people who reject basic tenets of capitalism to get a loan, the Danish state also guaranteed the bank loan. Further, Danish officials stipulated that the land must remain open to the public. Lastly, any profit from the sale of the land or buildings would immediately revert to the state. “This is a nonprofit zone,” said Mr. Foldschack, who called the deal “fantastic” and its eight-year evolution “Buddhistic.”
Mr. Jarlov said the decision had broad-based political support. “Danish public opinion is very ambivalent, when it comes to Christiania,” they added. “If you ask if there should be space for Christiania in society, they say, ‘Yes, we love it!' But if you say, ‘Is it a good idea to take over property you don't own?' they are against that. Every Dane has this split within himself.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Jacob Ludvigsen, a newspaper editor who with some friends started squatting on the land the day after a fisherman told them about the unused space in 1971, welcomed the decision. “A 40-year-long conflict has been brought to an end,” said Mr. Ludvigsen, who no longer lives in Christiania but said that they carried a piece of Christiania in their heart. “This will give Christiania a real independence.”
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Still, the sale makes many here uncomfortable. “I think it would have been better to remain squatters,” said a young man on Pusher Street as they sorted through a bag labeled “Outdoor Skunk.” “Pressure from the outside forces you to evolve, to stick together.”
Others point out that now the ramshackle, do-it-yourself community will have to come up with the money to pay for the land. But for many, the problem is less tangible.
“I have a feeling of sorrow that the state forced us to buy it,” said Ida Klemann, an artist who first moved to Christiania in 1971, then left to have a baby (at the time, there was no running water on the premises), before moving back in 1972. “I thought it was wonderful the Danish state was generous enough to allow this wild little thing to go on living inside itself.”
“When you say, ‘You have to buy it,' you're trying to throw it into normal conditions, in a way,” added Ms. Klemann, one of the progenitors of the Christiania share idea (she calls themselves a “share carer”). “What do we do now? It's not just money, but identity.”
In November, a small group traveled to the United States to promote the Christiania shares. They visited the Occupy Wall Street protest in New York, where they were greeted with cheers.
On Wall Street itself, they had less success. On a blog documenting the adventures of an anthropomorphic Christiania share — which would go on to have both an identity crisis and a love affair with a California road map — a video shows Mr. Manghezi performing on the street. “It's not that there's anything wrong with investing for profit,” they call out. “It's just so yesterday, and a little bit primitive, too!”
As a result of these efforts, the group sold two shares for $5 each on the steps of the New York Stock Exchange. But thanks to the publicity, sales here surged. “It's a cultural difference,” Mr. Manghezi said. “We thought it was hilarious, and the Danish press thought it was hilarious, but Americans were like: ‘$10? That's a total failure! You shouldn't even talk about it.' ”
“We'd like to be a speculation-free zone, an alternative to a society based on gambling and speculation,” Mr. Manghezi said. “Of course, if we have to take a loan, we will.”
It may be your last year of college or grad school or it's your first job. Wherever you are, start preparing. (iStockphoto)
Whether you are taking on your first job or looking for one, now is the time for to start taking actions that can foster good behaviors in the future. Retirement may seem far off, but the reality is that the earlier you start taking simple steps to saving, the better prepared you'll be to reach your retirement goals.
One of the easiest ways today's workers have to save for their future is through an employer-sponsored retirement plan, such as a 401(k) or 403(b). Your age is your biggest advantage right now when it comes to saving for the future. Saving early gives you the opportunity to make your money work for you with compounding interest.
It's also important to consider that when you participate in your employer-sponsored retirement plan, you reduce your taxable income today while helping to build retirement savings for tomorrow.
Your approach to saving is personal, and each person's financial situation is unique. You may be weighing the costs of budgeting for student loan payments, rent and the basic costs of living, but starting to save now can help you take charge of your future.
Here are some important things to think about as you begin to conquer your career and find yourself saving for retirement for the first time:
Take a holistic view of savings. For many new to the workforce, it can be tempting to spend your paycheck and set very little aside into savings. Create a budget to help manage spending and include a bucket for retirement savings. The more you earn, the more you should save. Consider increasing your contribution if you receive extra money from a raise or bonus.
Start saving as soon as you can. When it's available to you, enroll in your employer-sponsored retirement savings plan. Enrollment is often the first step toward considering your own retirement savings goals and setting yourself up for success. If your company does not offer an employer-sponsored retirement plan, consider saving in an individual retirement account. You can visit your local bank to find out which IRA options make the most sense for you.
Knowledge is power. While interviewing for a job or right after you start a new one, be sure to ask what type of retirement benefits the employer offers. Many employers work with retirement providers that offer financial education in a variety of ways, including one-on-one meetings with a financial professional, online, over the phone or with education materials.
It's also important to understand your investment options. Many plans offer automatic features, such as automatic enrollment, deferral and escalation to streamline the savings process and enhance retirement outcomes for savers. You can also consider investment options that offer in-plan guaranteed benefits to help protect assets in down markets, provide access to cash in case of an emergency and have growth potential.
Target-date funds are another option and are designed to manage risk over time. The flexibility of these funds can cover a broad range of risk tolerance. As an investor ages, the target-date fund's asset allocation mix shifts from a focus on growth to a focus on income. As with any investment decision, it's important to talk to a financial professional to see what options could be right for you and understand any fees that may be associated with the offerings.
Save at least up to the company match. Your employer may offer an incentive to help you save for retirement by matching a portion or the full amount of your contribution. If you are not taking advantage of a company match, you are leaving money on the table. You should save at least to the company match and increase your contributions annually as you earn more throughout your career.
Schedule a retirement plan check-up. Saving in a retirement plan for the first time may feel intimidating but you are not alone. Schedule an initial meeting and then commit to annual check-ups with a financial professional to talk about your savings progress.
Thirty-five percent of plan participants with access to a Retirement Consultant are confident they will have enough money in retirement, as opposed to the 19 percent plan participants without access to a Retirement Consultant.
Meeting with a financial professional can help you stay on track and identify any changes that should be made to achieve your savings goals. A good way to remember is to schedule retirement plan check-ups around your birthday or a company anniversary.
Resist the temptation to borrow against your plan. Sometimes you get hit with unexpected expenses. You may need a new car, have to pay off debt or need access to cash. When this happens, you may be tempted to borrow against your retirement savings. This is especially true during a down market.
Try to stay focused on your long-term goals and resist the temptation to borrow against your plan. In addition to the possible taxes and penalties related to not paying the loan back, you may miss out on potential market gains.
Once you start saving, you'll feel good about the progress you're making. Steady savings can help you feel confident that you've taken the right steps toward the lifestyle you want to live throughout all of your life stages, including your retirement years. Saving early can be one of the most important things you do for yourself to achieve retirement readiness.
Lincoln Financial Group is the marketing name of Lincoln National Corporation and its affiliates. Affiliates are separately responsible for their own financial and contractual obligations.
Hillary Clinton is in hot water for suggesting today that a Republican president might 'round up' illegal immigrants and send them back across the border to Mexico in 'boxcars.'
'I just find that not only absurd, but appalling,' they told reporters at the Democratic National Committee's Summer Meeting in Minneapolis.
They did not indicate whom their ire was aimed at and bypassed a reporter who attempted to ask a follow-up question about the 'boxcar' theory.
The Republican National Committee subsequently accused them of lobbing a Holocaust slur at its Oval Office candidates.
Allison Moore, national press secretary for the RNC, said in a statement to Daily Mail Online: 'Not 24 hours removed from calling Republicans terrorists, Hillary Clinton reached a new low today hurling Holocaust references at their political opponents.
'Hillary Clinton may be getting desperate over their sinking poll numbers and growing email scandal, but that's no excuse for this kind of inflammatory and extreme rhetoric.'
Scroll down for video
Hillary Clinton suggested today that a Republican president might 'round up' illegal immigrants and send them back across the border to Mexico in 'buses' or boxcars.' They did not indicate whom their ire was aimed at and bypassed a reporter who attempted to ask a follow-up question about the 'boxcars'
Horror: Boxcars were used by the Nazis to transport Jews across Europe to concentration camps where millions died in mass executions. The use of the term was condemned by Republicans
As the RNC harangued Clinton for invoking Nazi-era imagery of Jews being deported from their countries of residence in boxcar trains, Clinton got some back up from their fellow Democratic presidential candidates, Vermont Senator Bernie Sanders and former Maryland Governor Martin O'Malley.
Sanders, who is Jewish, called Republicans' deportation plans 'racist and the Un-American' and said the country must reject the idea' that we are going to somehow round up millions of people in the dead of the night.'
'It's not what this country is about, and it's not going to happen,' they bellowed to a crowd of Democratic activists.
Asked by DailyMail.com at a press conference if they thought Clinton and Sanders had appropriately described their Republican opponents' stance on deportation measures, O'Malley said, 'Yes.'
I believe that 'in times of apprehension, in times when families are working harder and falling further behind, that any people are vulnerable to the appeals of charlatans and hate mongers who would scapegoat others who are not like us,' O'Malley said.
Several Republican White House candidates, namely Donald Trump, have advocated the mass deportation of the country's illegal immigrants.
He's not said how they plan to achieve that goal, however.
Typically, illegal residents who are escorted out of the country are sent by bus back to Mexico or flown back to their home countries
'I know that there are some on the other side who are seriously advocating to deport 11, 12 million people who are working here,' Clinton told reporters.
And, they said, continuing, 'I find it the height of irony that a party which espouses small government, would want to unleash a massive law enforcement effort, including perhaps, national guard and others, to go and literally pull people out of their homes and their work places, round them up, put them in, I don't know, buses, boxcars, in order to take them across our border.'
Clinton said that is why they support comprehensive immigration reform that would not only allow illegal residents to remain in the country but would offer them a pathway to U.S. citizenship.
'And i was a deep disappointment to me,' Clinton, a former U.S. senator, said, that when there was a bipartisan agreement in the Senate in 2013, 'the House would not even give it a vote.'
'So I will, I will oppose in every way I can, what I consider to be nothing but a political stunt, and will also raise questions as I am doing today about what the realities of that kind of claim actually are,' Clinton said.
They moved on as another reporter shouted at them about the boxcars.
O'Malley called Trump out explicitly.
'When Donald Trump speaks in this sort of racist ways, about whole groups of immigrants, all of us have a responsibility to push back and to call forward the lessons of history, which teach us, that all of us must stand up and speak out when these sorts of things happen,' they said.
That's because not to speak out is, 'in essence,' they said, to be 'complicit.'
Boxcars: The boxcar (seen in a Canadian National train above) is used to transport almost any kind of freight. It has become grimly associated with the Holocaust through their evil use by the Nazis.
In their speech before Democratic activists gathered in the Hilton Minneapolis ballroom immediately prior, they ripped Donald Trump for trying to take away birthright citizenship for the children of illegal immigrants, however
In their speech before Democratic activists gathered in the Hilton Minneapolis ballroom earlier that afternoon, Clinton had ripped Trump for trying to take away birthright citizenship for the children of illegal immigrants.
'Look, you hear Mr. Trump say hateful things about immigrants, even about their babies,' they said a few minutes later.
How many others disagree with them or support a real path to citizenship, they asked, or 'draw the line' at repealing the 14th amendment?
'Today the party of [Abraham] Lincoln has become the party of Trump.'
Bringing their long speech, which went over the allotted time, back to the topic of immigration a little later, Clinton fired in the direction of Jeb Bush while talking about women's issues and said, 'We're not going to stay quiet while [Republicans] demonize women, whether they're Latino, Asian or anything else.'
They were referring to Bush's remarks on 'anchor babies' - a controversy that the ex-Florida governor further fueled this week when they claimed they aren't talking ill of Hispanics, whom they feel a kindred spirit with as the husband of a Mexican native.
Instead, Bush said they were thinking of Asians.
In their remarks, Democratic National Committee Chairwoman Debbie Wasserman Schultz also singled out Trump and Bush, as well as Florida Senator Marco Rubio.
'Republicans rushed to follow [Trump's] lead' on eliminating birthright citizenship, even Rubio, they claimed.
Rubio is the son of Cuban immigrants, who were living in the country legally when they were born, and an author of the Senate's comprehensive immigration reform bill from the previous congressional session.
They and Bush share a home state with Wasserman Schultz, making them easy targets for their criticisms.
Bush, they said, like Trump, used a 'vulgar and disgusting term' to describe children born to illegal immigrants in America.
I often do giveaways randomly on steamgifts so i will make group giveaways and announce them for members and keep a pinned discussion of my active giveawayshere is my giveaway list on steamgifts so far(I, TheSquidGirl, am now the owner of the group, so here's my giveaway list)ive given many more than good gestures and well becuase when i get bored ive been known to just buy a game and do questions in chats and winner gets a gameI dont do requests for games they just come as they doSo if you are a brony or just a casual viewer or even just someone who likes the Brony music or parodies on youtube join for a chance to be a part of this AWESOME GROUPAnd don't forget to invite your friends :D
Congrats on winning! I have sent you a friend request. Please accept it ASAP so I can give you the DLC.To those who didn't win, do not fear as I will hold more giveaways in the future.That's all from me for now. I wish everyone a very spooky scary Halloween!*BGG* Plushia LaTrap
Brony Giveaway Group reviews
"Everything is pretty much awesome why have a single preference when you can have em all from RPG's to Simulators where you are a goat to the damn right what the hell that is Garrys mod"
Here are a few recent reviews by Brony Giveaway Group
Which former Euro powerhouse dressed their players in 70s style mullets, headbands and afros for hilarious kit launch?
We thought Norwich City had made the best kit launch ever with their hilarious promotional video featuring first-team players getting the runaround by academy youngsters.
But German side FC Cologne have raised the bar with their 70s-inspired effort featuring afros, mullets, moustaches and a muscle car.
Seventies style: Cologne players show off the new retro look
The three-time German champions, currently languishing in the second tier of the Bundesliga, were inspired by the retro-look of their new kit.
Maybe they are hoping the move could lead to a revival of fortunes both on and off the pitch.
Video: Cologne kit launch
Norwich stars Bradley Johnson, Robert Snodgrass, Russell Martin and John Ruddy showed they were game for a laugh by taking on four youngsters from the club's academy in the hilarious video.
In the video, Ruddy is stunned by the young keeper saving a free kick with a Scorpion kick, while their young team-mate bamboozles Johnson with a Rainbow kick.
Norwich defender Sebastien Bassong, referee for the kickabout, wraps up the action by showing off their nifty footwork with the Seb shuffle.
SHARE
D1Baseball Top 25: April 20
For the second week in a row, there's a new No. 1 in the D1Baseball Top 25. LSU returned to the top spot for the first time since Week Six (March 22), replacing Texas A&M, which lost a home series against Arkansas. The Aggies slipped just one spot after their first losing weekend of the season, setting up a showdown between No. 1 LSU and No. 2 Texas A&M next weekend in Baton Rouge.
Vanderbilt, which had been No. 1 two weeks ago, continued to slide down the rankings after losing its second straight series, falling six spots to No. 13. Miami also fell out of the top 10 after dropping a set at Virginia. Illinois and Southern California moved into the top 10 at No. 9 and No. 10, respectively.
There wasn't a lot of additional movement in the rankings until the back, where Nebraska and UCF dropped out of the Top 25 after losing series. They were replaced by College of Charleston (No. 23) and Arkansas (No. 25). The Cougars have won five straight series, while the Hogs have won four series in a row to overcome their rough start to the season.
September 9, 2014 Anne-Sophie Bachelard
We've finally put together the entire schedule for SymfonyLive New York 2014 and this year's edition is simply awesome!
We're extremely pleased to welcome speakers from eZ, Drupal and Drupal Commerce communities! Andre Rømcke, from eZ Systems will present a talk entitled “Dockerize your Symfony application” . Learn with Andre how this revolutionary technology can be adapted for your Symfony application. James Meickle, a Drupal developer from Acquia will share their experience about “Building Performance: From Symfony to Drupal 8 (and Back)”. This is an exciting topic about performance improvement with Symfony, soon available with the Drupal8 launch. We'll also have Ryan Szrama, a Drupal Commerce developer from Commerce Guys, presenting “Solving the Hard Parts of eCommerce” to show you what reusable code and abstract libraries they can publish for eCommerce projects.
We'll as well listen to Brent Shaffer from Adobe Systems, speaking about “Symfony and the API Gateway”. He'll explain how the Adobe Web Services team solved the problem of API protection with five products, four programming languages, and six datacenters thanks to existing open-source libraries and bundles, using Symfony2 and their API Gateway.
We'll have the pleasure to welcome Jeremy Mikola (who will speak twice this year!), Lukas Kahwe Smith, Ryan Weaver, Pablo Godel, Kris Wallsmith, Larry Garfield, David Zuelke, Baldur Rensch and obviously Fabien Potencier who will prepare a special keynote for the occasion! During 2 days, you'll learn so much about Symfony, don't miss this occasion!
Check out the entire schedule of SymfonyLive New York, you'll definitely love it! And register today before it's too late!
If you were thinking about getting trained on Symfony before the conference, check out our new workshops and register now, only a few seats are still available:
-Fabien's Symfony Best Practices (one-day workshop), trainer: Ryan Weaver
-Building RESTful applications (one-day workshop), trainer: Hugo Hamon
-Mastering Symfony2 (two-day workshop), trainer: Kris Wallsmith
See you in the big Apple!
South Dakota could very soon become the first state to pass a bill requiring transgender youth to use any bathroom or locker room other than the correct one. This bill has passed both the state house and senate, and now is sitting on Gov. Dennis Daugaard's desk waiting for their signature.
HB 1008 says that public school restrooms, locker rooms and shower rooms that are designated for student use “shall be designated for and used only by students of the same biological sex.” The bill doesn't just extend to schools, though, adding “any public school student participating in a school sponsored activity off school premises which includes being in a state of undress in the presence of other students shall use those rooms designated for and used only by students of the same biological sex.”
The bill crudely defines “biological sex” as “the physical condition of being male or female as determined by a person's chromosomes and anatomy as identified at birth.” There are a couple problems with this. First of all, this is a very limited and arbitrary definition of biological sex. It makes absolutely no sense that a trans girl should have to use the same bathroom as a boy. Second of all, the only way to check to see if students are breaking this rule would be to either keep track of every student's chromosomes (that doesn't sound very much like limited government) or to look at nude pictures of the students as infants.
The bill does throw trans students a bone, though, allowing a “reasonable accommodation” like a unisex restroom, single-occupancy restroom or faculty restroom, as long as it doesn't cause the school district an “undue hardship.” Because nothing makes a student feel safer and more accepted than having to use a separate bathroom away from all the other students in order to protect those other students from them.
While there's been a very understandable and justified uproar against the bathroom bill, the House State Affairs Committee also voted 8-4 to advance HB 1209, which states that “any public body of the state or its political subdivisions” (which includes school districts) that accepts any information on a South Dakota birth certificate as official (for instance, to establish a student's age in order to determine eligibility for school sports and schools) shall now accept all information on that birth certificate as official. This means that trans kids who want to play sports or simply go to school in the state would no longer be able to play on the correct team or be officially recognized as the correct gender at school. Schools would have to look at the sex they were assigned at birth, as listed on their birth certificate, and take that as their official gender.
This disgusting, discriminatory and oppressive rabbit hole gets even deeper when we find out that the South Dakota legislature has also tried to pass two more bills, one (HB 1112) that expressly denies trans students from playing sports on the correct teams, and one (HB 1107) that allows those who receive taxpayer funds to discriminate against gay people, single mothers, and — you guessed it — trans people.
How did we get here? In my time writing about trans issues and anti-trans legislature, I've never noticed South Dakota as a particularly terrible place for trans people to live, so what changed? One notable thing about the support for these bills is that it's mainly coming from several of the same people. If you look at who sponsored or introduced the bills, you'll find the same names on two, three or even all four of the lists.
One of these names is former Evangelical Pastor, Rep. Craig Scott, who called LGBTQ people “sexual deviants” and “the perverse” in a 2010 sermon decrying government support for LGBTQ people, “abortionists” and other groups. In support of their HB 1107, the one that would let people and businesses discriminate against LGBTQ people and single mothers, they said “The real victims of intolerance and discrimination in our day are those who conduct their lives according to a belief regarding marriage and human sexuality. Our founding fathers never intended erotic freedom to trump religion's freedom.”
Rep. Fred Deutsch is another person who appears more than once, and is the prime sponsor on HB 1008, the bathroom bill that's in front of the governor right now. In a blog post called “Bicycles, Baby Parts and Bathroom Privacy,” they said that they sponsored the bill because he's worried about what they see happening in schools across America. According to Rep. Deutsch, “Federal bureaucrats, without the force of federal law, are threatening to withhold federal funding from schools that do not allow transgender students full, unrestricted access to facilities of the opposite biological sex.” Imagine that, allowing kids full access to the correct bathroom. They continue, “I especially don't want our children to be required by the federal government to shower, change or use restrooms with other young people of the opposite biological sex.” Rep. Deutsch clearly has a very mistaken view of how sex and gender work and what transgender people are. A 12-year-old transgender girl is in no way the “opposite biological sex” to a 12-year-old cisgender girl.
Rep. Lynn DiSanto, who is a sponsor on three of these bills, said that they support the bathroom bill because they see it as a proactive measure against trans students who might stand up for their rights in the future. “I wouldn't say that there's already a big problem,” they said, adding later, “It's coming no matter what. If we do nothing it's coming, if we do something it's coming.” At the same meeting, Rep. Mike Verchio, a sponsor on all four bills, said with a smug look on their face that they support the bathroom bill because “I don't want my 15-year-old neighbor boy claiming that he's transgender, taking a shower with my 18-year-old daughter.” Neither of these two lawmakers say that they're trying to address a problem that actually exists, but instead are supporting the bill in order to fight off transgender boogeymen that live only in their heads.
Another sponsor on all four bills, Sen. Brock Greenfield, claimed that the bathroom bill was not brought to the floor out of contempt, but then went on to say “Do you feel it appropriate for a 13-year-old girl to be exposed to the anatomy of a boy? Or for a boy to be exposed to the anatomy of a girl because of the decisions we make out here?” While it seems to me that they do have contempt for trans kids, it could simply be that they don't care enough about them to try to understand them, listen to them or see them for who they are.
Others, including Sen. David Omdahl were less coy about their hatred of trans students. Sen. Omdahl said, “I'm sorry if you're so twisted you don't know who you are,” “it's about protection for our kids” and “they're treating the wrong part of the anatomy, they ought to be treating it up here” pointing to their head. Rep. Steve Haugaard added that being transgender is a “choice of lifestyle” and that “for us to perpetuate confusion in the lives of anyone is a disservice to them.”
If we examine Gov. Daugaard's record, things aren't exactly looking good for South Dakota's trans residents. Gov. Daugaard, a Republican, has been consistently far right on issues throughout their political career, and especially on social issues. In 2010, on their campaign website, they wrote “I supported and voted for the constitutional amendment in 2006 that defined marriage in South Dakota as being between one man and one woman. The traditional family is the foundation of our society, and it should be protected. Although I do not support discrimination against any class of people, I also do not think that individual groups should be given special privileges or be allowed to redefine the centuries-old institution of marriage.” Additionally, as recently as 2014, they said that they agree that “Judeo-Christian values established a framework of morality which permitted our system of limited government.”
There is some hope though. Gov. Daugaard had originally said about the bathroom bill that “as far as they were aware, they hadn't met a transgender person and likely wouldn't do so before deciding on the measure so as to ensure objectivity in their decision,” but recently changed their mind and agreed to meet with a group of transgender students. Hopefully when they see that they're human beings and real children, he'll see just how damaging this law would be. There are also a few days when people can contact Gov. Daugaard to let them know that South Dakota residents are not in favor of any of these laws. Furthermore, based on what the US Department of Education announced last year, South Dakota schools would be in violation of Title IX if they don't allow transgender kids to use the correct bathrooms. So, even if these bills are signed into law by Gov. Daugaard, they'll likely be challenged and eventually defeated (although they can still harm trans kids in the meantime).
It's pretty clear that one of the main reasons South Dakota lawmakers are sponsoring and voting in favor of these bills is because of the increased visibility, but not increased humanization, of trans people and especially trans women. A few years ago, most of these lawmakers probably thought that trans people only existed as sex workers and perverts in Leftist cities like New York and San Francisco. It wasn't until trans characters started appearing in more movies and TV shows, and trans people started publicly speaking out for their rights that they realized that there had been trans people in their very own state this whole time.
It gets worse, as much of this increase in visibility comes in the form of misinformation and harmful tropes. Portrayals of trans women as men pretending to be women, deceitful perverts, confused and mentally ill victims in need of a cure and, perhaps worst of all, aggressive sexual predators, lead lawmakers who are ignorant of the truth about trans people to believe that they need to pass laws in order to protect the “good, normal” citizens from these dangerous trans ones.
Trans people in the media are often treated as though they are acceptable targets of discrimination, violence and oppression. They're treated as though they deserve to be hated and mistrusted by everyone around them. After all, if they're lying about who they are and trying to trick people into sleeping with them, they can't be good people, right? All of these dangerous and harmful tropes becoming more visible in the last couple years has led to an increase in vigilance on the part of anti-trans activists. These senators and representatives in South Dakota are themselves representatives of a bigger trend that's expanding across the country. Last year was the most violent year for victims of anti-trans murder, we're seeing more anti-trans bills than ever before, and even while we're talking about how trans people are “so hot right now,” things seem to be constantly getting worse for us.
While many of these hypervisible trans women are doing great things for trans people, the unfortunate truth is that many trans women characters are still portrayed by men and written by cis writers who just don't get it. While people like Janet Mock, Laverne Cox and Hari Nef are advocating for trans rights and better treatment of trans women of color, shows like Pretty Little Liars, Law & Order, The Bold and The Beautiful and American Horror Story are putting trans women in the spotlight without offering any education on whom trans people really are or what kinds of obstacles they face.
While South Dakota is currently looking at four different bills, and actually has one in front of the governor waiting to be signed, many other states are trying to pass similar laws that would oppress and attack trans people. The National Center for Transgender Equality has put together a list of contact information for states where anti-trans bills are being introduced. This list gives a brief overview of the bills in each state, who it would be most effective to contact and how you can contact them. I'd definitely recommend taking a look at this list and seeing if there's anything you can do in your state. Actually, I'm not just recommending it, I'm begging you, especially if you live in South Dakota, to take some of the actions listed on this page. Please.
I'd like to close with a message to those who would be affected by these horrible laws, especially the transgender kids who live in South Dakota. You are beautiful and powerful, and I want to thank you for being yourself. These lawmakers are afraid of you not because there's anything wrong with you, but because they fear and hate anything that is outside of their very narrow worldview.
I know that it can seem like there's no hope for you, that it seems like there isn't a possibility of a future where you can be yourself and be happy, I felt that way for a long time. I want you to know that we are working hard to make sure that's not true. There are thousands of people, many trans people and many cis allies, who are fighting for you and who are going to use every resource we have to make sure that you're safe and able to be yourself without your government treating you like a criminal or second-class citizen. You're not alone, we're here for you, and we're going to do everything we can to make sure that you have the long, safe and happy life that you deserve.
Donald Trump Jr. on Friday criticized the media for "going after" new White House communications director Anthony Scaramucci, insisting Scaramucci isn't the source of leaks.
“Shocked the media is going after @Scaramucci for working to cut off their 'sources' & leaks. All I know is that they aren't/wasn't the leak!!!” Trump Jr. tweeted.
Shocked the media is going after @Scaramucci for working to cut off their "sources" & leaks. All I know is that they aren't/wasn't the leak!!! — Donald Trump Jr. (@DonaldJTrumpJr) July 28, 2017
ADVERTISEMENT
Scaramucci told The New Yorker in a piece published Thursday that they want to “kill all the leakers” who are disclosing inside information to reporters.
“What I want to do is I want to f---ing kill all the leakers, and I want to get the president's agenda on track so we can succeed for the American people,” Scaramucci told New Yorker reporter Ryan Lizza.
Scaramucci called Lizza on Wednesday night, pressing them to disclose their source behind a tweet saying they were dining with Trump and Fox News personalities.
Scaramucci threatened to fire everyone in the communications office if Lizza did not disclose who their “senior White House official” source is.
“They'll all be fired by me,” they said of the White House communications staff. “I fired one guy the other day. I have three to four people I'll fire tomorrow. I'll get to the person who leaked that to you. Reince Priebus — if you want to leak something — he'll be asked to resign very shortly.”
Scaramucci escalated their feud with Priebus, President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's chief of staff, reportedly convincing themselves during the phone call with Lizza that Priebus was behind the leak about their dinner meeting.
Image copyright Getty Images
Aman Salman's mobile barely stops ringing these days. They run a small travel agency in Long Island, New York, catering mostly to clients of Pakistani origin.
Phone calls usually mean good business.
But since last Friday, when President Trump signed their Executive Order banning travel from seven Muslim-majority countries, most of these calls have been to cancel tickets.
Pakistan, a Muslim-majority country, is not on Mr Trump's list. But there is huge concern and anxiety in the community that its inclusion is imminent.
"At least 95% of my Green Card holding clients, who had booked their tickets to Pakistan months in advance, have cancelled it," says Mr Salman.
 They are also getting frantic calls from those already in Pakistan trying to get the earliest possible return dates, even if that means paying stiff charges to change tickets.
Mr Trump's order stops the admission of refugees from Syria indefinitely and further bans entry of all citizens from seven countries including Iraq, Syria, Iran, Sudan, Libya, Somalia and Yemen.
A Customs and Border Protection statement clarifies that the current order doesn't apply to Green Card holders' entry to the United States, but there has been much confusion about the order, and reports of inconsistencies as to how it's being applied at airports.
Image caption Aman Salman has seen many cancellations
The visa ban for this list is in place for 90 days, but administration officials have hinted that it will be reconsidered and possibly expanded to include other countries.
The uncertainty has prompted immigration lawyers to advise their Pakistani clients to cancel their travel plans for now and for those already in Pakistan to return immediately.
Immigration attorney Rafia Zakaria says Pakistani citizens who are legal permanent residents of US or hold other US non-immigrant visas must take seriously the possibility of an imminent ban on Pakistani citizens as well.
"The text of the order says that further review is taking place, and the outcome of that is not really known to anyone," they told the BBC.
They noted that White House spokesperson Sean Spicer and White House Chief of Staff Reince Preibus have both implied that the ban could be expanded.
They say if the ban is expanded, the legal challenges will take a long time to be ironed out.
Image copyright AP Image caption Khizr Khan, a Pakistani-American lawyer attacked by Donald Trump spoke against the order in front of Congress on Thursday
Mr Trump presented their "extreme vetting" plan as a way to crack down on countries that could be a source of terrorism.
Anwar Iqbal, the Washington correspondent for Pakistan's leading English newspaper, Dawn, says this has further added to the community's anxiety.
"Pakistan has been on the top of this unspecified list for years and that's a reality we can't overlook," says Mr Iqbal, referring to the list of countries where terrorism is a major concern.
The San Bernardino attack of 2015, allegedly carried out by a couple of Pakistani origin, has been used to justify the president's executive order.
All this has meant sleepless nights for many of Mr Salman's clients.
They say one lives in the US with their wife and daughter, but has a mother in Pakistan who is very ill.
"I saw a 45-year-old man crying. If they don't go and something happens to their mother, he'll never be able to forgive himself," says Mr Salman.
"On the other hand, if they get stuck in Pakistan there's nobody to look after their wife and child in the US, as they are the sole breadwinner."
This is also the time when many Pakistanis look for highly sought-after bargains combining pilgrimages to holy sites in Saudi Arabia with a trip to home.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption A family is reunited in Boston's Logan Airport after the father was questioned as a result of the executive order
"An excellent deal from Saudi Airlines for $895 (£710) came up last week but there are barely any takers," says Mr Salman.
Just about an hour's drive from their office is Brooklyn's Coney Island, home to thousands of Pakistani immigrants and aptly named Little Pakistan.
Thousands here were deported in the post-9/11 crackdown. Now the rumour mills are in overdrive again.
"We hear that it's going to be worse than 9/11 this time, and unlike then it will be irreversible," says Baza Roohi, who works as a tax consultant.
There are unsubstantiated talks of midnight raids on Pakistani-run businesses. People are scouring the internet and social media for information.
Ms Roohi says this is all most of their clients talk about, with even some US citizens fearing deportation.
"I know of at least one family that owns two houses, and has already put up one for sale," they say.
They want to make sure that if need be, they can leave in a hurry.
Image caption Baza Roohi sees a high level of anxiety in their clients
"There are lots of rumours," a White House spokesperson admitted to the BBC. But they noted that US officials have no plans to add more countries to the ban, saying there's "nothing imminent that I'm aware of".
According to the spokesperson, the countries that are currently mentioned in the Executive Order had not been sharing the kind of information US officials need in order to process travel documents of its citizens. But they believed officials in other countries - such as Afghanistan, Pakistan and Lebanon - were at this point providing the required information.
If that changes, they said, these or other countries could be added to the list.
Pakistan has been an important non-Nato ally for the United States in the war against terrorism, but the relationship has also been marked by mutual mistrust and acrimonious finger-pointing.
There are many in Congress now who favour putting a squeeze on Pakistan because of its alleged support to militant groups who harm US interests in the region.
There's also a feeling - expressed by the new Secretary of Defence James Mattis, during their confirmation hearing - that the US needs to stay engaged with the world's only nuclear-armed Islamic country.
Some experts point to this as a sign that Pakistan may not be included in the travel ban even if the list is expanded.
But for the community in New York, that's hardly reassuring.
Despite dinosaurs having met extinction long ago, our dreams of reviving them refuse to die. Recent events imply we may have to settle for resurrecting poultry
There are some ideas that just won't die. Like the villain in a movie, even when they've been shot with the bullets of refutation, scalded by heated discourse, and pushed off into the pool of disproven theories, these ideas still claw their way back, bedraggled and screaming, to attack us one more time.
If there is one idea in palaeontology that typifies this tiresome cycle, it is the resurrection of the dinosaurs. “Can we ever bring them back?” it is so often asked. Despite scientists repeatedly saying no, the question lives on. This is due in part to the rehashing of a handful of studies that seemed for a moment to offer promise of a real-life Jurassic Park, but have all been shown to be flawed.
This month a team from the University of Manchester and National Museum of Scotland hammered another nail into the dinosaur coffin. Their research added to the weight of evidence that any suggestions that “life could find a way” are the result of cross-contamination in the laboratory. The Jurassic Park that people hanker for is unlikely to ever open its doors – and if it did, it would be full of ostriches, alligators and chickens.
Dinosaur click-bait: is getting your attention more important than getting it right? | Elsa Panciroli Read more
In 2005 the apparent discovery of soft tissues preserved in the fossil of everyone's favourite Hollywood star, Tyrannosaurus rex*, re-ignited the debate on dinosaur resurrection. A team led by scientists in the US reportedly recovered blood vessels, cells and other soft tissue structures.Two years later, a second team claimed to have recovered T rex proteins. The dino specimen was 68m years old, a mere geological sneeze before the dinosaurs – and many other groups of animals – were wiped from the face of the Earth.
Other scientists soon began picking apart these studies: from simply casting doubts to ferociously dismantling the methods, results and conclusions. The authors reinterpreted four of the seven peptides they'd initially claimed belonged to T rex, and soon other teams proved that at least five of the peptides belonged to a chicken (exactly which chicken we'll never know, but I'm imagining an Aardmanesque villain, hell-bent on scientific obfuscation). Other teams tried to replicate the results but struggled to get traces of breakdown products (not even the collagen itself, but what remains when it decays) despite using all the tricks in the laboratory analysis handbook – mass spectrometic peptide fingerprinting for example.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A computer-generated model of collagen, the main protein in the connective tissue of animals. Photograph: Scott Camazine/Alamy
The consensus? The recovery of dinosaur collagen peptides was either a statistical error, or the result of laboratory contamination.
“Our work set out to identify the collagen fingerprints for both ostrich and alligator, and was not intending to debunk the previous studies,” said the lead author of the new paper, Dr Mike Buckley of the University of Manchester's School of Earth and Environmental Sciences. “However, we soon realised that our results were pulling the rug from beneath the paradigm that collagen might survive the ravages of deep time.”
Collagen is a structural protein. It is an abundant key constituent of the connecting tissues of animal bodies. We use it in medicine, for reconstructive surgery, bone grafting and cosmetic surgery.
“Collagen was a logical molecule for folks to try and hunt for, as it is a very robust,” the co-author Dr Phillip Manning, also from the University of Manchester, explained to me. “It is a triple helical molecule that, when ‘locked' in a bony straitjacket, might well have survived.”
This is where the ostrich walks in. Scientists in search of collagen – as well as DNA – from extinct animals use samples from their closest living relatives to analyse alongside the material recovered from the fossils. In the earlier studies of dinosaurs, an ostrich and an alligator had their collagen analysed for comparison. “They both ‘bracket', in terms of evolutionary history, the dinosaurs,” Manning tells me. “We would expect the proteins of dinosaurs to be somewhere between birds and basal archosaurs [crocodiles and alligators].” The results gathered by Manning and their team showed that the so-called dinosaur collagen was not just similar to these living species; it was identical. “In other words, contamination.”
Buckley concluded: “The 100% match [of ostrich proteins] to the proposed uniquely dinosaur sequences immediately highlighted some of the issues with these techniques, and the caution needed with extraordinary claims made using them.”
So, unless T rex was just a very well-disguised ostrich, we can now say for sure that its collagen peptide sequences remain unknown. But this begs the question: surely it is DNA, like in Jurassic Park, that science needs in order to bring back the dinosaurs, not proteins? Collagen “is a direct function of DNA,” says Manning. “Some proteins appear to survive for at least one order of magnitude longer than DNA. But alas – it's too many steps away to give us Jurassic Park.”
DNA, the hereditary material in all organisms that carries their genetic blueprints, doesn't even make it through the first million years after death.
I asked Dr Ross Barnett, a researcher of ancient DNA, why this genetic material doesn't survive. “DNA is a pretty unstable molecule,” they said. “There are lots of biomolecular bits and pieces that keep it in top condition in the living cell, but after death it rapidly breaks down. The phosphate bonds that form the outer rings of the double helix are prone to hydrolysis [reaction with water], as are the bases. This can split the DNA molecule in two. Oxidation [reaction with oxygen] is also a major player. UV rays cause weird things to happen too. DNA really wants to be broken up!”
The oldest aDNA (ancient DNA) recovered so far is from a horse, dug out of the permafrost in the Yukon, Canada. At 735,000 years old, it is over 65,265,000 years short of the most recent dinosaur fossil.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest A 39,000-year-old female baby woolly mammoth from the Siberian permafrost. Photograph: Kazuhiro Nogi/AFP/Getty Images
“One of the reasons that a lot of ancient DNA work has been done on permafrost material whose subzero temperatures keep the DNA fresher for longer. Even continuously frozen, the best guess is that you might be able to recover million-year-old DNA, maximum,” says Barnett.
The Yukon horse DNA was swamped by that of the bacteria and fungi that had fed on the bone post-mortem. Only through comparison with modern horses could the team of researchers picks out small pieces of ancient pony from the vast haystack of microbial DNA. Even with the most perfect preservation, DNA sequences over one million years old would be useless and fragmented.
Barnett adds: “As for amber, the same time constraints apply. All the reports of successful DNA from amber were in the early days of the field, when sterile technique and an emphasis on negative controls and replication were absent. They were amplifying contaminants: either themselves or stuff in the environment.”
Might we ever be able to resurrect these ancient giants? “I understand the desire to bring back non-avian dinosaurs, but it's never going to happen using DNA sequence, because there is none left. More recent extinctions, which we are more certain were down to us, could have stronger arguments. Something like the thylacine, great auk, or huia could be more manageable, but I don't think I'd be comfortable bringing something back only for it to live in a zoo to be gawped at.”
Barnett's view touches on the ethical quandary surrounding the possibility of bringing an extinct creature back to life, particularly in light of the conservation crisis playing out across the planet. Or as they put it: “We can't successfully share the planet with elephants, let alone their extinct relatives.”
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Tasmanian Tiger, or thylacine (Thylacinus cynocephalus) in captivity, circa 1930. Photograph: Popperfoto/Getty Images
I was struck by the wording in the press release for this recent collagen paper. It said that the previous discoveries of collagen peptides had suggested “there may be hope one day” of “rebuilding dinosaurs”. Is this really something to hope for? Dinosaurs had their day. They aren't architectural wonders bombed in a war, waiting to be restored. Although the child in all of us wonders what they'd be like in the flesh, I for one am happy with the arrangement between serendipity and evolution that cleared the global decks 66m years ago, setting in motion a whole new radiation of reptiles, birds and mammals.
Feather furore: T.rex may not have been fluffy after all, skin study suggests | Susannah Lydon Read more
“Extinction is an inventible consequence of evolution,” agrees Manning. “Once your number's up, in evolutionary terms, it's time to move on. On average, a species lasts around two million years.”
”Modern humans have been around for around 500,000,” they say. “We will be lucky to survive another 1.5 million.”
*If you are wondering why no one searches for ancient molecules in less enigmatic dinosaurs, they do: shortly after the T. rex paper, similar collagen peptides were reportedly found in a 78m-year-old Brachylophosaurus. If you've heard of that one, you are either a palaeontology enthusiast or have a small child. Suffice it to say that it's a herbivorous duck-billed dinosaur.
References
Asara JM, Schweitzer MH, Freimark LM, Phillips M, & Cantley LC. 2007. Protein sequences from mastodon and Tyrannosaurus rex revealed by mass spectrometry. Science, 316:280-285.
Buckley M, Warwood S, van Dongen B, Kitchener AC, Manning P. 2017. A fossil protein chimera; difficulties in discriminating dinosaur peptide sequences from modern cross-contamination. Proceedings of the Royal Society Biological Sciences B, 284:20170544.
Orlando L, et al. 2013. Recalibrating Equus evolution using the genome sequence of an early Middle Pleistocene horse. Nature, 499:74-81.
Shapiro, B. 2015. How to Clone a Mammoth. Princeton University Press.
This item has been removed from the community because it violates Steam Community & Content Guidelines. It is only visible to you. If you believe your item has been removed by mistake, please contact Steam Support
This item is incompatible with Counter-Strike: Global Offensive. Please see the instructions page for reasons why this item might not work within Counter-Strike: Global Offensive.
Current visibility: Hidden This item will only be visible to you, admins, and anyone marked as a creator.
Current visibility: Friends-only This item will only be visible in searches to you, your friends, and admins.
4,220 ratings CS GO MP5 Concept By SAJMON MP5 it's a great weapon from css and cs 1.6 and can be a good alternative to the UMP45 or MP7 Rate Favorite Favorited Unfavorite Share This item has been added to your Favorites
Created by SAJMON
Last Online 52 days ago Posted Updated Jul 5, 2014 @ 2:25pm Jul 13, 2014 @ 6:13am 65,208 Unique Visitors 1,202 Current Favorites Guide Index Overview PICTURES VIDEOS Comments
Tilman Fertitta's Harlow's Food & Fun arcade-bar-restaurant, located since the mid-aughts inside the southwest corner of the Edwards Greenway Grand Palace 24 on Weslayan St., is now closed forever, a woulda-been visitor reports. The entertainment-complex-within-an-entertainment-complex shut down by New Year's Eve, and signage has already been pulled from the main entrance (though the explanatory yellow placard shown here is still visible behind the space's security grate at the other entrance). The Harlow's website has already been scrubbed and redirected to the main Landry's page; some folks operating out of a Landry's-branded pickup truck were spotted this afternoon cleaning up at the scene (above).
The signage on the Norfolk St. side of the theater has been removed as well:
***
A peek through the grate on the interior entrance reveals the mildly palm-tree-reminiscent columns:
And here's one last look at the inside entrance to the space taken earlier this year, in full pre-closure glitz beneath the mirrored ceiling of the cinema's atrium:
Previously on Swamplot: Flood Night at the Edwards Cinema Greenway Parking Garage
Images: Rex Solomon (top 5); Crystal L. (bottom)
Grand Palace Exit
Sony Hack: Could secretive group of ethnic North Koreans in Japan be to blame?
Security researcher Brian Krebs breaks down the FBI's statement, "what experts are learning about North Korea's cyberattack capabilities, and what this incident means for other corporations going forward."
A new wrinkle in the story: a group of North Korean expats in Japan may be to blame. Krebs says it's unlikely U.S. officials are particularly happy about alleged involvement from North Korean actors, "because it forces the government to respond in some way and few of the options are particularly palatable."
Sources familiar with the investigation tell KrebsOnSecurity that the investigators believe there may have been as many as several dozen individuals involved in the attack, the bulk of whom hail from North Korea. Nearly a dozen of them are believed to reside in Japan. According to HP, a group of ethnic North Koreans residing in Japan known as the Chongryon are critical to North Korea's cyber and intelligence programs, and help generate hard currency for the regime. The report quotes Japanese intelligence officials stating that “the Chongryon are vital to North Korea's military budget, raising funds via weapons trafficking, drug trafficking, and other black market activities.” While the United States government seems convinced by technical analysis and intelligence sources that the North Koreans were behind the attack, skeptics could be forgiven for having misgivings about this conclusion. It is interesting to note that the initial attackers' initially made no mention of The Interview, and instead demanded payment from Sony to forestall the release of sensitive corporate data. It wasn't until well after the news media pounced on the idea that the attack was in apparent retribution for The Interview that we saw the attackers begin to mention the Sony movie.
"FBI: North Korea to Blame for Sony Hack" [krebsonsecurity.com]
Monster Hunter 4 Has “Much More New Content” Says Director
By Sato . June 3, 2013 . 6:40pm
While Namco Bandai celebrated their weekend with the Tales Festival, and their announcement of Tales of Symphonia Chronicles, Capcom also had their own share of festivities, which included a live Monster Hunter 4 demo showing off the Charge Axe and some online features with producer Ryozo Tsujimoto and director Kaname Fujioka.
The Monster Hunter 4 session of Capcom's event started out with another look at the recent trailer that was shown in the latest Japan-only Nintendo Direct, where we got to see a new shark monster and its Frozen Sea habitat.
Next up, was a closer look at the newest weapon, the Charge Axe, which they showed off in a live demo against the giant-jawed Tetsukabura.
Tsuimoto and Fujioka then showed off the new village, Barubare, where many caravans from around the world gather. In the above images, a smaller screen on the right shows what's on the lower screen of the 3DS. According to Dengeki, it displayed of a map showing various other bases (villages) that are available in Monster Hunter 4. They also mentioned that there was more to the bottom screen, but Tsujimoto mentioned it was a secret for the time being.
The two started their play with online mode via Wi-Fi, through the “Play With Everyone” menu. As the host of a room, you have options such as: Recruit Hunter, Target, description and password.
The selected map was the new Underground Cave, where Fujioka was quick to show off the Charge Axe. The Charge Axe has two modes, Sword and Axe. Compared to the traditional Sword and Shield, it is said that the Charge Axe's Sword Mode is slower in attack and movement.
Continuously attacking in Sword Mode will accumulate energy, which can be seen as the bottles on the top left part of the screen. Once your weapon begins to glow yellow, you can stock the energy in a bottle with a charge. The energy stock can then be used once you switch to Axe Mode, which uses them for powerful attacks. To put it in short, the flow of Charge Axe attacks will be: Attack with sword, charge up energy stocks, unleash with heavy Axe Mode attacks.
At the end of the event, Dengeki were able to catch up with Tsujimoto and Fujioka for a quick interview.
Dengeki: What are your impressions on finally having announced a release date?
Tsujimoto: The first time, we had already changed the release date to sometime this Summer. We really couldn't announce it for a while, but it ended up being towards the end of the Summer. For the amount of time we've made you wait, I believe that we were able to work more on the game and I am now confident in its contents.
Fujioka: It's the feeling of finally being able to make an announcement. We're working hard so we can release it in a much better shape and much better quality.
The two new weapons are something unique with action features that we haven't had until now. After seeing today's demo, I thought the Charge Axe's movements are really cool and I believe that it will be popular.
Fujioka: We definitely wanted to include something with new play style that didn't exist in previous weapons. This time, we've included weapons that correspond with the different elevation of the stages, and also simple, easy-to-use weapons. I believe that they're weapons that you'll have to try for yourself to understand.
At the end of the trailer, there was a familiar-looking monster, that looked kind of like an Elder Dragon we got a glimpse of…
Tsujimoto: (laughs) There was. It was kind of flying and sort of red monster.
Fujioka: We'd like you all to feel the bulk of the game, this time around. We want it to be bursting with popular monsters. There are still plenty more monsters, so please look forward to it.
Lastly, would you care to share a message for our readers?
Tsujimoto: We were finally able to announce a release date, but we ask for you to please wait just a little longer. We'll be sharing plenty more information from this point on until the release date, and we'd also like to touch up on different monsters in a timely manner, so please look forward to that, as well. The volume and content are going to be great, and I believe we can present something that will live up to your expectations!
Fujoka: There's still plenty more content compared to past Monster Hunter titles. Not only the number of monsters, but it's also packed with new communication features and more, that will allow you to enjoy even the game longer. There's much more new content we've yet to reveal that we'll be showing off by the bulk, so please look forward to it.
Monster Hunter 4 will be slated for release on September 14th, for 5,990 yen on Nintendo 3DS.
April 12, 2016
TORONTO: The Ryerson Studentsâ€™ Union (RSU) has once again denied club status to a student group seeking to discuss issues and views on campus that RSU executives disagree with.
The Ryerson Menâ€™s Issues Awareness Society (MIAS) is a student group established in 2015 by students at Ryerson â€œto host discussions and bring social awareness to issues that disproportionately affect men and boys, such as higher rates of suicide, homelessness, workplace injuries and failure in school.â€ Nearly half of MIASâ€™ members are women.
As a result of RSUâ€™s decision to deny club status, MIAS is excluded from RSU club services such as funding, advertising, event approval services, and free room and facility bookings, even though MIAS members are required to pay fees to RSU. RSU has recognized over 80 other student groups, ranging from ideological and religious clubs to shared ethnic and hobby clubs. Without student group recognition, MIAS has been forced to hold events off campus, because they cannot afford to book event rooms on campus. This has made it very difficult for the group to engage with their peers and attract new members.
On October 19, 2015, MIAS submitted its application to RSU for recognition as a student group. At a meeting with RSUâ€™s Student Group Committee on October 26, RSU told MIAS that there was no need for a menâ€™s issues group. RSU took the position that other groups like the Women and Trans Collective were already addressing many of the issues MIAS sought to focus on. Further, RSU claimed that men have â€œsystemic privilege,â€ and that a group focused on menâ€™s issues would â€œharassâ€ women and make them feel â€œunsafeâ€.
On October 27, 2015, MIAS was informed that its application for club status had been rejected. MIAS immediately appealed the decision, making numerous changes to its constitution to answer concerns the RSU had listed. These amendments expressly stated MIASâ€™ pre-existing commitments to remain independent of any external control, to reject all forms of violence and hate speech, to take all precautions for safety at any group functions, and to provide a safe place for discussions free of fear for personal safety.
RSUâ€™s own policies recognize and support student rights to freedom of thought, belief, opinion, expression and association on campus. Nevertheless, on January 26, 2016, the RSU Board of Directors voted to reject MIASâ€™ appeal.
In their sworn affidavit filed on Tuesday April 5, MIAS president Kevin Ariola states:
As members and executives of MIAS and students of Ryerson University, we feel excluded from the Ryerson community. The allegations levelled against us by RSU have caused us to be ostracized by fellow students and have sabotaged our confidence and desire to engage with our fellow students. We feel marginalized and discriminated against by RSU simply because we want to host discussions about issues affecting men and boys.
In its court application against RSU, MIAS seeks a declaration that the decision of the RSU to deny their application for student group recognition (i) was contrary to the principles of natural justice and procedural fairness, (ii) was tainted by a closed mind and bias, and (iii) was not made in good faith; that it exceeds RSUâ€™s jurisdiction and is contrary to RSUâ€™s own policies and rules; and that it is unreasonable, discriminatory and contrary to fundamental common law values and the values of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms, by failing to respect Ryerson University studentsâ€™ freedom of expression and freedom of association.
This court application further seeks an order prohibiting RSU from limiting access to its services and other resources on account of the thoughts, beliefs, opinions, expressions or associations of students or student groups.
The Justice Centre is acting on behalf of MIAS in this court application. Justice Centre staff lawyer Marty Moore explains: â€œStudent union executives are not entitled to discriminate against students or groups whose expression they disagree with. Yet, students at Ryerson are forced to take their student union to court in order to have their fundamental rights and freedoms â€“ which the student union itself recognizes â€“ respected on campus.â€
For more information please contact:
Kevin Ariola, President, Men's Issues Awareness Society
(416) 605-8892 or karriola@ryerson.ca
Alexandra Godlewski, Social Media Executive, Men's Issues Awareness Society
(226) 343-0463 or alexandra.godlewski@ryerson.ca
John Carpay, President, Justice Centre for Constitutional Freedoms
(403) 619-8014 or jcarpay@jccf.ca
Let this be a lesson to all young softball players out there — if you hit a lot of home runs you may just be nominated as Sportswoman of the Year and get to walk the red carpet at the ESPYS.
As a result of the righty's power at the plate, they were named Big 12 Female Athlete of the Year, drafted No. 1 overall in NPF draft to the USSSA Pride, was a
finalist for the Honda Sports Award for softball, and was nominated for an ESPY for “Best Record Breaking Performance.”
—
Founded in 1974 by Billie Jean King — perhaps one of the greatest sportswomen ever to grace this earth — The Women's Sports Foundation exists “
to advance the lives of women and girls through sports.”
Winner's will be announced and celebrated at the foundation's 36th Annual Salute to Women in Sports event on
Tuesday, October 20, 2015, at Cipriani Wall Street in New York City.
Public voting closes August 31, 2015, so softball fans you have a little over a week to go to the website and vote for leading slugger in NCAA history.
At least that's what worked for2015 has been a kind year to Chamberlain. Them collegiate career at Oklahoma culminated with them claiming an unprecedented four consecutive Big 12 Championships, four consecutive All-American honors- three of which were 1st team All-American, eight Big 12 Player of the week awards, and the NCAA career home run record with 95.Wow. Let's all start swing for the fences.Now Chamberlain can add another distinction to their already long listSportswoman of the Year Nomination by The Women's Sports Foundation The foundation educates, supports, and advocates women and girls in sports by offering scholarships and grants to aspiring athletes, funding research and public awareness campaigns, promoting healthy young girls through its GoGirlGo! program, and lobbying for equal rights and pay for women in sports.Its most prestigious award, the annual Sportswoman of the Year award , is granted to two athletes, one individual sport and one team sport athlete. Voting is a combination of public vote (50 percent) and and the Women's Sports Foundation's Awards Committee's vote (50 percent), and achievements between August 1, 2014 and July 31, 2015 are considered in the voting process.Given their laundry list of achievements in 2015, Chamberlain will make for some tough competition in the team sport category. If they are to win, Chamberlain must go head-to-head against likes of World Cup heroand basketball phenomIf Chamberlain can edge out Lloyd, Moore, and company, they will join the ranks of softball royalty, becoming the fourth softball player to ever win the award. Previous fastpitch victors include Jessica Mendoza (2008), Monica Abbott (2007) and Cat Osterman (2005).Lauren Chamberlain attended the The Women's Sports Foundation Annual Salute to Women in Sports October 20, 2015 for their nomination for Team Sportswoman of the Year award. The event celebrated its 36th year last night with founder Billie Jean King in attendance. Chamberlain had the honor and privilege of meeting the tennis icon and women's advocate at the event.Lauren Chamberlain meeting the legendary tennis player and women's advocate Billie Jean King.Chamberlain was up against some tough competition in the Team Sportswoman category with basketball star Maya Moore and Team USA soccer and World Cup MVP Carli Lloyd in the same category. Lloyd ended up taking away the hardware from the night, but no doubt Chamberlain has — and will continue to — represent softball, the Oklahoma Sooners, and the USSSA Pride well.Congratulations, Lauren on your nomination!
SEVNICA, Slovenia—On Jan. 20, 2017 the nation's attention was fixed on the west balcony of the Capitol building in Washington, where President-elect Donald J. Trump and soon-to-be First Lady Melania Trump were about to arrive for the 45th swearing-in of a U.S. president.
But lots of eyes were also fixed on the presidential inauguration thousands of miles away where some 125 guests and a dozen or so journalists from around the globe gathered around a big screen TV to watch the historic event unfold from their seats in Sevnica, Slovenia, Melania's hometown.
The scene that took place in the grand banquet hall of Martin Dolinsek's guest lodge in the Alpine hills of what was once part of Communist Yugoslavia was surreal.
Dolinsek, the president of the local Rotary Club International, decided the fairy tale story of a young Slovenian model becoming the First Lady of the United States and taking up residence in the White House could be the perfect backdrop for a charity ball to raise money for the local health center.
“We raised 3,700 Euros,” Dolinsek told Breitbart News as they flipped through photos of the big day on their iPad.
As Melania glided down the carpet in their sky blue cashmere Ralph Lauren suit with matching gloves and the Capitol dome as a backdrop, former Communist leader of Yugoslavia Josip Broz Tito's personal chef Jozef Oseli was preparing cuisine for the guests in Slovenia, while local bakers readied the Melania Trump cheesecake with nutty crust for the dessert course.
Meanwhile, Slovenian artist Bojan Sumrak was on the sidelines, putting the final touches on their painting in honor of the occasion featuring a collage of the American and Slovenian flags intertwined with images of the White House and the famous medieval Sevnica castle.
Guests were also treated to a glass of the newly unveiled First Lady wine, Modra Frankinja Blaufankisch, made from “a popular grape in the wine regions in central Europe and … in Slovenia is especially cherished in the south and east of the country.”
Eva Dragic (no relation to Goran Dragic, Slovenian basketball player with the Miami Heat) is the daughter of Martin and Tadeja Dolinsek. But on inauguration day they were serving the people in their hometown who had come to raise money for a good cause and to celebrate one of their own—now one of the most famous women in the world.
Eva, who is 17 and still in high school, hopes someday to own their own hotel and restaurant because they said they believe the best of times include lots of love and lots of good food to go with it. (Her boyfriend, Aljaz Bogolin, was in charge of parking cars on the icy, winter day).
Eva told Breitbart News that they are excited that their homeland is in the spotlight.
But Eva also said they are frustrated that so many people—including American guests who have stayed at their family's home and journalists from near and far—seem to have judged President Trump before they have had a chance to serve.
“People should give them a chance,” Eva said. “Maybe they can change the world.”
The hit Netflix original series, “Grace and Frankie” tells the story of two decades-married women who find out their spouses are gay, with a healthy dose of Hollywood humor. But in real life, for an older couple, a spouse coming out can cause heartbreak that's no laughing matter, for everyone involved.
“We're all victims, both the gay spouse and straight spouse are victims,” Amity Pierce Buxton told The Huffington Post in an interview. Pierce Buxton founded the Straight Spouse Network in 1986, after their own husband of 25 years came out, to help other couples going through the same issues.
When the people involved are middle-aged or even older, the situation brings about its own unique challenges.
“When you're older, there's less time to rebuild a new life,” they say. In their experience, a third of couples split immediately and angrily, a third try to divorce amicably and another third try to make it work.
The revelation can be particularly difficult for older women who imagined a peaceful retirement, spending their golden years alongside their partner, enjoying visits from grandchildren. Along with questions of self-worth, many older women who may have put their careers on hold to raise children also could have financial concerns, Kimberly Brooks Mazella, a Virginia-based psychotherapist, told The Huffington Post.
That said, most of the anger that arises in these situations isn't directed at the gay spouses' sexuality.
“Many, including myself, are LGBT allies and strong supporters of gay rights,” Brooks Mazella said. “The anger that straight spouses feel is at having been used and deceived, especially when it goes on for years. I suspect the angriest ones fall in those [situations when] spouses did not come clean on their own.”
Indeed, in research she's conducted on their own, they believe that two-thirds of gay spouses don't come out on their own. Many are confronted by the straight spouse on a basis of infidelity or the discovery of other clues, like private communications or pornography.
Often times, experts say, the gay spouse doesn't come out to their straight spouse because of an external factor like religious beliefs, societal restraints or even because of a true love and strong friendship with their other half.
“Living a closeted life is understandable. However, once you marry, then you're bringing an unsuspecting woman into the closet with you,” Brooks Mazella said.
Some even believe that being in a heterosexual relationship will restrain their homosexual impulses. When that theory doesn't work, they're unable to live fulfilling, authentic lives and can be as devastated as their straight spouses.
“We've got to find ways to educate people that just being LGBTQ is not immoral or sick and that therefore there will be no more mixed orientation marriage ... so that this doesn't happen,” Pierce Buxton said. “No more closeted marriages.”
To understand more about what occurs in these situations, three women shared their own personal experiences with The Huffington Post. Here are their stories*.
Amity, 87
“We had two children. It was just a wonderful marriage, but toward the end they got distant. He'd taken early retirement and was traveling and doing things alone. I didn't think much of it.
They had left and then they took me out for lunch the following year and they made some accusation that I was frigid and I got livid. Later, they were in the hospital for some minor surgery and I went to visit them while they were under influence of anesthesia. They said, ‘I have something to tell you. I'm gay.' I burst out laughing and said, ‘Are we ever in a soap opera?'
They had a lover who they had jilted to marry me, because they were a Catholic. But they were totally faithful to me during our marriage.
There's a shock then a disbelief. Then it takes a little time to face the reality. You ask yourself, What does this mean? Wasn't I sexy enough? Didn't I know the right lovemaking technique? You just wonder, ‘If my life has been involved in someone else's lie, then who am I? My whole belief system went askew.
It was rather obvious, it was like a prison for him. They couldn't be who they are. One day they told me, “I don't think I can go on anymore.' I said, ‘Of course you can!' The next day they took their own life. Life was too much for him. They were a great person and I absolutely sobbed. I think they were depressed because [for] their whole life they aren't able to be himself. Gay men go through the same issues, with their sexuality and identity. The kids do too. All the people involved go through the same issues.”
Susan, 51
“About 10 years into our marriage, I thought they were having an affair with a woman. I'd heard them talking on the phone to someone about dancing at a bar, and then somehow I figured out they were speaking to a man. One night on vacation we were drinking probably a little too much and I asked them about it, their response to me was ‘I've always found men attractive.'
I questioned them again over the next few years and they would just get angry, so I stopped, but it was always in the back of my head. It was at that point that I started watching him, and putting the clues together, but it was close to 10 more years before I had the courage to end my marriage.
By 2015, things got pretty ugly. They were coming to terms with their sexuality and I was at the end of the puzzle. I got the courage to ask the question, ‘Did you know before you married me that you were gay?' and they answered yes. So at that moment and for a long while after that I had very mixed emotions about this truth. There was a huge part of me that was angry and hated him, but at the same time there was just as huge a part of me that felt sad for him. I remember telling them had they just been honest with me we could have been the best of friends. I told them I wanted out.
The revelation of their sexuality has certainly had an impact on my self esteem. If I could live with someone for 20 years and not really know them then what is wrong with me? It has me fearful of meeting someone or being intimate with someone. But on the flip side, am I such an accepting person? Do I have no bias or prejudice? Those, to me, are positive traits, so this journey has made me look at myself from that perspective.
I tell my children, in a perfect world, we could all spend holidays together, I'm just not 100 percent there yet.
I'm not really sure what the experience has been like for him. In my opinion they only has one foot out of the closet. They don't say they are gay, they tell people that they are interested in men. It's as if they are afraid to say the word, so my guess is that it's been difficult for him.”
Judith, 70s
”Mine was a very different kind of experience from many people's. I knew before I married him, but I was so drawn to him, my soulmate. One day before we married, Dick said, ‘I have something to tell you. If it weren't for you I'd be homosexual.' It was 1966. Gay didn't exist. In my world, I didn't know anyone who was gay. My feeling was, this is like a neurosis. They said yes, in part. He'd been in therapy and I asked them if they couldn't just get more therapy.
They asked me to marry them and we got married. I didn't know that they were suffering. I didn't know that they were thinking about men or fantasizing. We just didn't speak about it. Things were rocky.
When they told me, on the one hand, I was flattened. I felt this terrible sense of loss. On the other hand, I was a feminist and I really supported gay liberation, which was just beginning. I did say to him, ‘I admire your courage.'
If they had slept with a woman, I would have been devastated. That would have dislodged me from my place with him. I was still the only woman in their life. That was also comforting. It was like any breakup with someone you deeply love, it was never going to be the same.
They were the most important person in my life, and remained so, until I had my daughter. It was never a problem with my husband until Dick died in 1986 from AIDS. My husband was surprised by my grief. I've never bonded with anyone that way. My whole youth and my young enthusiasm were bound with him. You can't get that back. ―
(You can read Judith's full story here.)
*Some responses have been edited and condensed for clarity.
China's construction workers are legendary for their productivity, assembling everything from modern metropolises to that ancient feat of engineering known as the Great Wall. Now, new satellite imagery from DigitalGlobe shows another locus of Chinese industriousness: the contested waters of the South China Sea.
Over the past couple years, Chinese dredgers have transformed spare reefs and rocks in the disputed Spratly archipelago into islands large enough to boast sports fields and airplane runways. For example, Fiery Cross Reef, once just a couple rocks jutting out at high tide, has grown into a 665-acre island with dozens of structures and a 3 km (1.9 mile) runway that can accommodate military jets.
A satellite image of Fiery Cross Reef captured on May 1, 2016, shows a running track, four basketball courts and two tennis courts. DigitalGlobe/ScapeWare3d/Getty Images
A harbor big enough for military tankers to berth is under construction. Within the past nine months, Chinese building crews have outfitted the former watery shoal with a running track, basketball courts and tennis courts, according to images captured by DigitalGlobe.
Mischief Reef, another one of the seven artificial islands constructed by Chinese engineers in the Spratlys, now also hosts extensive sports facilities among its roughly 1,400 acres of reclaimed land.
The buildup of Mischief Reef is shown from Jan. 24, 2012, to May 1, 2016. CSIS Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative/DigitalGlobe (2012, 2015), DigitalGlobe/ScapeWare3d/Getty Images (2016), GIF by Andrew Katz for TIME
The bits of land scattered across the South China Sea are tiny but ownership claims over them are intense. Six governments—that of China, Taiwan, Vietnam, the Philippines, Malaysia and Brunei—have competing claims over the vital waterway through which more than $5 trillion of trade passes each year.
China demarcates its maps with a nine-dash line that scoops out nearly the entire sea for itself. Most of the territory Beijing controls in the South China Sea was once limited to sandbars or chunks of reef that barely qualified as islands, much fewer places fit for human habitation. But Chinese urban planning has reshaped the South China Sea. (See the excellent Island Tracker resource at the Asia Maritime Transparency Initiative website run by the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington.)
A satellite image of Mischief Reef captured on May 1, 2016, shows a running track, basketball courts and tennis courts. DigitalGlobe/ScapeWare3d/Getty Images
While other claimants have also built up some of the outcroppings they occupy, China's efforts have dwarfed those of other governments.
The U.S. Department of Defense's annual report to Congress this year on China's military estimated that the Chinese have fashioned at least 3,200 acres of new land in the Spratlys over the past couple of years. All the other claimants combined reclaimed 50 acres over the same period, according to the Pentagon's estimates.
Read More: China Accuses the U.S. of ‘Militarizing' the South China Sea
Adm. Harry Harris Jr., head of the U.S. Pacific Command, has dubbed the Chinese building spree a “Great Wall of Sand.” But these artificial islands aren't likely to welcome a string of beach resorts in the near future; instead, the reclaimed reefs are being enhanced with military surveillance, communications and logistics infrastructure.
In mid-April, a military jet landed on Fiery Cross, just after China's top uniformed military commander toured the Spratlys.
The buildup of Subi Reef is shown from Sept. 5, 2013, to May 1, 2016. Photos by DigitalGlobe/ScapeWare3d/Getty Images, GIF by Andrew Katz for TIME
The Pentagon, which has increased U.S. military movements in the South China Sea, questioned the motivations behind Beijing's island-building campaign.
“China's government has stated these projects are mainly for improving the living and working conditions of those stationed on the outposts, safety of navigation, and research,” stated the report to Congress. “However, most analysts outside China believe that China is attempting to bolster its de facto control by improving its military and civilian infrastructure in the South China Sea.”
Read More: The Dispute About the South China Sea Is Also a Dispute About History and America's Role
Environmentalists have decried the destruction of endangered coral reef caused by Chinese dredgers. And Beijing's South China Sea construction boom may not be over yet. Earlier this year, Chinese military commentators went online with plans for expanding Scarborough Shoal, a contested reef less than 200 nautical miles west of Manila, the Philippine capital.
The Chinese seized the shoal in 2012, after a stand-off with the Philippines that culminated in a failed diplomatic foray by the Americans. (In 1995, China also occupied Mischief Reef, another feature off the Philippine coast.)
A satellite image of Subi Reef, captured by DigitalGlobe on May 1, 2016, shows the beginnings of a running track and basketball courts. DigitalGlobe/ScapeWare3d/Getty Images
The recent Chinese drive to bring sports to the Spratlys isn't without precedent. Although the Philippines and Vietnam have sparred with each other in the past over the ownership of certain Spratly islets, concern about China's growing footprint has united the smaller claimants to South China Sea territory.
Last year, soldiers from the two Southeast Asian countries played a soccer match on a Philippine-controlled cay that Vietnam also claims. The year before, they played on a nearby spit of land occupied by Vietnam but claimed by the Philippines. It's unlikely, however, that the new basketball and tennis courts on China's reclaimed Fiery Cross and Mischief Reefs will be welcoming foreign soldiers anytime soon.
Contact us at editors@time.com.
Security experts from Sucuri firm have discovered a large botnet of compromised CCTV devices used by crooks to launch DDoS attacks in the wild.
Researchers have encountered a denial-of-service botnet that's made up of more than 25,000 Internet-connected closed circuit TV devices.
We discussed several times about the IoT and the lack security by design that makes smart objects a privileged target of hackers. The researchers from Sucuri Security firm have spotted a malicious botnet composed of more than 25,000 Internet-connected closed circuit TV devices (CCTV) that has been used in denial-of-service attacks.
The company was trying to repel a DDoS attack against a small brick-and-mortar jewelry shop that was hit by almost 35,000 HTTP requests per second. The volume of requests reached 50,000 HTTP requests per second after the company tried to mitigate the attack.
The DDoS attack continued for several days, the CCTV botnet used addresses located in more than 105 countries around the world.
“It is not new that attackers have been using IoT devices to start their DDoS campaigns, however, we have not analyzed one that leveraged only CCTV devices and was still able to generate this quantity of requests for so long.” explained Daniel Cid in a blog post. “As we extracted the geo-location from the IP addresses generating the DDoS, we noticed that they were coming from all over the world, different countries and networks. A total of 25,513 unique IP addresses came within a couple of hours. The source of the attack concentrated in Taiwan, with 24% of the IP address, followed by the USA with 12%, Indonesia with 9%, Mexico with 8% and Malaysia with 6%.”
The experts from Sucuri investigated a number of CCTV boxes involved in the DDoS attack and discovered that all of them were running the “Cross Web Server” and that the devices leveraged on a BusyBox. The BusyBox is a software that provides several Unix tools in a single executable file, it is specific embedded in operating systems, including CCTV. Many routers and other network appliances run the software to advantage maintenance activities. In November 2014, experts from Trend Micro spotted a new variant of the BASHLITE malware exploiting the ShellShock vulnerability to infect devices that were using the BusyBox software.
“As we dug deeper into each of these IP addresses, we learned that all of them were running the “Cross Web Server” and had a similar default HTTP page with the “DVR Components” title.
$ curl -sD - 122.116.xx.xx | head -n 10 HTTP/1.1 200 OK Server:Cross Web Server Content-length: 3233 Content-type: text/html <title>DVR Components Download</title>
This is what raised our suspicious of a IoT botnet that was leveraging some CCTVs as part of the attack. As we kept looking, we found the company logos from the resellers and manufactures on all IP addresses.” continues the analysis.
The experts noticed that to make it harder to neutralize the DDoS attack, the CCTV had been programmed to emulate normal browser behavior by displaying a variety of common user agents including the ones associated with the most popular browsers:
User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_7_4) AppleWebKit/534.57.5 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/5.1.7 Safari/534.57.4
Mozilla/5.0 (Macintosh; Intel Mac OS X 10_7_4) AppleWebKit/534.57.5 (KHTML, like Gecko) Version/5.1.7 Safari/534.57.4 User-Agent: Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1) AppleWebKit/536.5 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/19.0.1084.56 Safari/536.5
Mozilla/5.0 (Windows NT 6.1) AppleWebKit/536.5 (KHTML, like Gecko) Chrome/19.0.1084.56 Safari/536.5 User-Agent: Mozilla/4.0 (compatible; MSIE 7.0; Windows NT 5.1; SV1; .NET CLR 2.0.50727)
The CCTV devices belonging to the botnet also displayed “referrers” showing they had most recently visited sites including Engadget, Google, and USA Today.
How Did crooks recruit the CCTV devices?
It is likely they exploited a recently disclosed vulnerability that allows remote code execution on digital video recorders from 70 different manufacturers.
It isn't the first time that experts found IoT botnet in the wild. Security experts at Imperva's Incapsula raised a first warn about closed-circuit television (CCTV) botnet attacks in March 2014, explaining that crooks could exploit the lack of security by design and incorrect configurations. For example, it is quite easy to find online specific models of CCTV cameras working with factory settings, including well-known passwords.
One year later Imperva published a new post on the topic revealing that CCTV cameras have been abused to run a major DDoS attack that peaked at 20,000 requests per second. The experts explained that threat actors behind the attack relied on nearly 900 CCTV cameras running embedded versions of Linux and the BusyBox toolkit.
“Not surprising, given that CCTV cameras are among the most common IoT devices. Reports show that in 2014, there were 245 million surveillance cameras operating around the world” states a blog post from the company. ”
“Still, old foes have the capacity to surprise, as we were recently reminded, when one of our clients was targeted by repeated HTTP flood attacks. The attack was run of the mill, peaking at 20,000 requests per second (RPS). The surprise came later when, upon combing through the list of attacking IPs, we discovered that some of the botnet devices were located right in our own back yard.”
The experts that analyzed the compromised CCTV cameras confirmed that most of them were accessed via their default login credentials.
Pierluigi Paganini
(Security Affairs – CCTV cameras, cybercrime)
Share this...
Linkedin Reddit Pinterest
Share On
My first ever album Pop Goes The TARDIS, a Doctor Who inspired concoction, is officially out for the world to see, hear and own! You can listen to the whole thing right here, just click play:
From an a cappella start to a “nerdcore rap” finale, with everything from geek pop, Latin, blues and epic cries for extermination in between. I put everything into making this the most wonderful trock album I possibly could.
If you want to read the lyrics while you listen you can on the music page of this site, if you like it (Woohoo!!) and want to grab a download of the album you can right here!
Over the next few weeks I'm going to be sharing lots of brillmad Doctor Who things that have made me smile and got me excited. Part of the sharings will include music videos for the songs and how I sewed the dress you see on the back cover of the album.
If you want to be the first to know about the big things (the biggest music videos and the such), you'll be able to see them a day before they're officially released to the world by being a Meri Amber Mail VIP. It's free to become a VIP, all you need is an email, and you get a free song and Welcome Pack the moment you sign up! Sooo, do it do it 😛
ANKARA (Reuters) - The Turkish government's spokesperson on Wednesday said that the United States' decision to recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel will plunge the region and the world into “a fire with no end in sight”.
“Declaring Jerusalem a capital is disregarding history and the truths in the region, it is a big injustice/cruelty, shortsightedness, foolishness/madness, it is plunging the region and the world into a fire with no end in sight,” Deputy Prime Minister Bekir Bozdag said on Twitter.
“I call on everyone to act logically, respect the agreements they signed and behave reasonably, avoid risking world peace for domestic politics or other reasons,” they said.
U.S. officials have said President Donald Trump is likely to give a speech on Wednesday unilaterally recognizing Jerusalem as Israel's capital, a step that would break with decades of U.S. policy.
Microsoft officials have been attempting to make more explicit how Microsoft Research (MSR) projects end up benefiting the company on the commercial-product front. One way they've attempted to do this is by publishing lists of research technologies that end up "transferring" to product groups.
In looking at these lists recently, I was struck by how many MSR projects are influencing Bing.
Some of these, like the work by MSR to improve the accuracy of speech in Microsoft's cloud-based speech recognition systems, have shown up relatively quickly as new features in products like Windows Phone's Bing voice-search capability. And based on a new TechFest 2013 video clip uncovered by Microsoft watcher Stephen Chapman, it looks like the Windows Phone team is poised to adopt even more of the work from Microsoft researchers to improve the error rate and latency issues around Bing Mobile's voice search.
Bing Mobile voice search is just the tip of the transer iceberg. Look at the list of other Bing-related Microsoft Research projects that have moved to Microsoft's product groups in the past two years alone:
PingMesh: A full-mesh latency monitoring system that provides a key capability for deep understanding on end-to-end network latency characteristics crucial for Bing's applications and services.
Dictionary: For those seeking to learn a foreign language, researchers created an approach to flash card–based learning in which news items are drilled into short-term memory for immediate prospective use.
Zozzle: A system that identifies malicious Web pages. Zozzle is designed to perform static analysis of JavaScript code on a given site and quickly determine whether the code is malicious and includes an exploit.
Engkoo: Microsoft Research Asia contributed a new feature for Engkoo to make it easier for ESL Chinese users to complete their English tasks in Bing.
PNav: An algorithm that predicts which Web search results a user will click for repeat queries.
Large-Scale Face Image Search: Incorporated into Bing multimedia search to index and show images from a search query.
ScopeStudio: Researchers collaborated on static code analysis that allows SCOPE developers to discover certain types of issues and defects earlier in the development cycle before actually submitting a job to a Cosmos cluster.
Bing Translator Widget: This feature evolved into a BingBar button for 40+ languages. The feature also lets people know when the BingBar can help with something being done online, like translating a word, sentence or article.
Bing Translation: Researchers teamed up with Windows Phone engineers to create the Translator app for Windows Phone that uses the same translation technology powering the Bing translator to help people understand languages by translating text, audio, and video inputs
Bing Dictionary: In collaboration with both Bing and Office teams, researchers developed the Bing English Assistance feature -- an English monolingual dictionary -- that is available for English language versions of Office 2013.
TV (Leibniz): Researchers leveraged machine learning algorithms to create the ability to sync technology, product, and service for matching movies and TV shows/episodes. Leibniz was first deployed in Bing as the basis for Entity Actions, making Bing a task engine, starting with automatic tasks such as renting and streaming movies and TV shows.
All this is just another reminder to those who think Microsoft might be gearing up to sell off Bing that this is pretty unlikely. Search seems to see it as an area in which the company is going to continue to invest.
And while we're talking Bing, the Bing team added more features to its Snapshot "Answers at a Glance" feature this week. Microsoft originally rolled out Snapshot for Bing last June.
Sponsored post.
Last month, in the wake of the devastating wildfire in Fort McMurray, I discovered how many people are willing to spend a few extra dollars when they know some or all of their money is going to a good cause. Our Fluffraiser Auction raised $4000 for the Red Cross, and Mamas were in bidding wars for cloth diapers, baby carriers and other mom and baby goodies, with 100% of each final bid going to Fort McMurray. Many closing bids were well past the actual retail value of donated items.
It's easy to tack on an extra buck or two for the foodbank at the grocery checkout or buy a chocolate bar from a Girl Scout. Conscious Step is capitalizing on consumers' sincere desire to chip in a bit extra for a good cause by making a product we all need in support of some of humanity's most basic needs. Conscious Step's line of ethically made, organic cotton unisex socks support non-profit organizations working to provide clean water, food, education and health services to communities around the world.
Conscious Step was founded by Hassan Ahmad, Adam Long and Prashant Mehta. They based their business on a pretty simple concept: “They all wore socks. And they all shared a passion to change the world. The result was Conscious Step.”
Conscious Step socks are made from fairtrade-certified cotton sourced from the Chetna Organic Farmers Cooperative. Their manufacturing facility is a member of the Ethical Trading Initiative and the Business Social Compliance Initiative, guaranteeing “no child labour, minimum wage compliance, overtime compensation, and freedom of association for their workers.”
Their Conscious Collection, which we received for review, retails for $54.95 US, which is no more than you'd pay for fancy, brand-name socks for your father or husband (or yourself … I am totally going to rock these socks).
Each pair supports a different charity:
Water: This pair provides 18 months of clean water for one person through Water.org.
Books: This pair provides the equivalent of two books to schoolchildren in Asia through Room to Read.
Treat HIV: This pair provides one week of HIV treatment to a pregnant woman through UNAIDS.
Feed Children: This pair provides six food packs to malnourished children through Action Against Hunger.
The socks are men's size 8-12 or women's 9-13, so I realize they're not for the dainty womenfolk out there. I am always stealing my husbands socks, though, with my mammoth feet, so I am in love with the soft cotton and unique patterns. Come fall, these will be the socks I pull on over my leggings!
My husband is a strict black-sock wearer, but if your mate is a trendy millennial man, these will be right up their alley! I love seeing a pop of colour peak out beneath some well-tailored trousers!
Shop & Connect
Shop for Conscious Step Socks online: a great gift for the fathers in your life!
French President Emmanuel Macron's push last week to change labor laws in their country may cast a shadow, albeit a slight one, over their two-day visit to Athens this week as the measures announced in Paris are diametrically opposed to the positions of Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras on the matter.
The French government has said it aims to transform France's complex labor laws to tackle mass unemployment and to make the country more competitive in the global market.
The move, however, has drawn the reaction of the left in France, including French unions as it will make it easier for firms to hire and fire, and put an end to jobs for life in the public sector.
The changes are a stark contrast to the leftist ideas of Greece's ruling SYRIZA party, and government aides have said that it would have been preferable, in terms of public relations, if Macron had announced their labor law changes after the visit to Greece.
However, aides were quick to acknowledge that Macron's moves “are not determined based on what serves us.”
Nonetheless, expectations over the visit are high in Athens, as Tsipras seeks to strengthen relations with Paris as a counterbalance to the austerity emanating from Berlin.
French officials say that the purpose of the visit on Thursday and Friday is to send the message that the eurozone needs deep reforms, as demonstrated by the financial carnage in Greece in recent years.
The French leader was also among the European leaders in the summer who called for Greece's mountain of debt to be made sustainable so that it can finally break the shackles of its protracted financial crisis.
Tsipras's goal to create a united front with France marks a departure from the intermittent tensions they have experienced with Paris, not least due to their harsh words for Macron's predecessor Francois Hollande in 2012, when they disparagingly described them as “Hollandreou” – a reference to former Greek PM George Papandreou, who has been widely denounced for signing Greece's first bailout.
[Adapted from the latest Radio Derb, now available exclusively on VDARE.com.]
Across the pond in Europe, the National Question is getting really prominent. Anti-national universalism in the last century threw up two great supranational projects: the Soviet Union and the European Union. The Soviet Union collapsed 25 years ago. I don't think it's too much to hope that the EU is now collapsing as we watch.
Key players here, not very surprisingly, are the East European nations who experienced the U.S.S.R. at first hand. Among those nations are four who call themselves the Visegrad Group: Poland, Hungary, Slovakia, and the Czech Republic.
It so happens that the Visegrad group celebrated its 25th birthday last Monday, February 15. The Group was formed in 1991 to, quote from their mission statement, "work together in a number of fields of common interest within the all-European integration."
Back then, at the time the group was founded, the main aim was to get admitted to the EU. They subsequently all did get admitted, in 2004.
The Visegrad Group—sometimes written as the Visegrad Four, or just V4—is something of a tadpole demographically: Poland accounts for sixty percent of its population. The other three countries, the tail of the tadpole, are just forty percent.
That is significant politically as well as just demographically. Last November's election in Poland waswon by the Law and Justice Party, a National Conservative party skeptical of the EU and strongly opposed to mass Third World immigration.
(I am sorry to report that the Law and Justice Party is commonly referred to by its Polish initials, PiS. Listen, I don't make the news, I just report it).
The tail of the Visegrad tadpole is similarly minded. Working our way through them by demography, the Czech Republic, with sixteen percent of the Group's population, was the subject of a Radio Derb smooch back on January 1st this year. You may recall our long quote from the Christmas message to their people given by the Czech President, Miloš Zeman.
It began: "I am deeply convinced that what we are facing is an organized invasion." It ended with these ringing words:
To close my Christmas message, I would like to tell you two clear sentences: This country is ours. And<
This country is not for, and cannot be for, all.
Christian and national values will be as important in the future as they were in the past … Uncontrolled migration will cause more harm than good … No one can be forced to live with the people whom they don't want to live with. Hungary premier blasts migrant flow as threat to Europe, By Vladimir Isachenkov, AP, February 20, 2016
Hungary , with fifteen percent of the Group's population, has a President and Prime Minister from Fidesz, another national conservative party. Quotes from that Prime Minister, speaking on Wednesday this weekIn Slovakia, the smallest member of the Visegrad Four, the ruling political party rejoices in the name Smer. This is not a National Conservative party. It's center-Left in general orientation.
Still nationalist, though. Quote from Smer Prime Minister Robert Fico last week: "The only way to eliminate risks like Paris and Germany is to prevent the creation of a compact Muslim community in Slovakia.”[ We protect Slovakia', By Benjamin Cunningham, Politico, February 20, 2016]
Further quote from him,
We will never make a voluntary decision that would lead to the formation of a unified Muslim community in Slovakia … Multi-culturalism is a fiction. Slovakia vows to refuse entry to Muslim migrants, DW January 10, 2016
I love these Visegrad guys! Memo to President Trump: Is there a way the U.S.A. could apply to join the Visegrad Group?
Worth looking into.
Slovakia, by the way, has an election coming up March 5th. Smer is polling well, but may not get a full majority and could end up in coalition with a center-center party named Siet. A Smer-Siet coalition … I just wanted to say that.
Bottom line: the Visegrad Group is pretty solidly nationalist, even the Leftist parties. They don't want Muslims coming into their countries in quantity.
But there are developments going on that could change the future of Europe.
You need some idea of the geography here. If you slice Europe with a north-south line, roughly at the fifteenth meridian, east of that is Eastern Europe, right? The Visegrad group is the northern zone of Eastern Europe. Going southward from it, you go through all the bits of the old Yugoslavia—Serbia, Bosnia, and so on—until finally you get to Macedonia, then over the border into Greece. To your east, meanwhile, as you took that southward trek, were Romania and then Bulgaria. Bulgaria also borders on Greece.
The talk going on now, with the Visegrad Four doing most of the talking, is that if Greece and Turkey can't get the flow of illegal immigrants under control, then Macedonia and Bulgaria should close their borders to seal off Greece.
This is in addition to the border fences already up. Hungary, Slovakia, and Austria are already defending their borders against the Muslim flash mobs.
When I say "the talk going on now," that's not figurative: the relevant parties were actually talking last week, at a summit meeting in Prague. The Visegrad leaders were all there, and they'd invited representatives from Macedonia and Bulgaria to join them. (They invited the Prime Minister of Greece, too, but they didn't show. I don't know what's up with that).
Here is a quote from the statement they issued:
With the very foundations of the European Union at stake, the Prime Ministers of the Visegrad Group countries call on all European Union Member States to take common, rapid and decisive action: the key strategic objective now is to preserve Schengen, which can only be achieved by regaining control over the European Union's external borders. Pursuing these goals will also significantly contribute to easing tensions and support stabilisation of the situation in the Balkans region. These efforts thus represent the way forward in order to preserve the European Union and its benefits for citizens. [Joint Statement of V4 Prime Ministers on Migration, February 15, 2016]
This is causing trouble over there. Also this week, scheduled for Thursday and Friday, is an EU Summit in Brussels to discuss the illegal alien problem. Angela Merkel's there, of course, still pushing for the other EU countries to spread the illegals out among themselves, still insisting that Greece stay in the open-borders Schengen zone. Which obviously positions them for a head-on collision with the Visegrad Four.
Meanwhile, someone in Europe's had the idea to send NATO ships to patrol the Aegean Sea, where the illegals come across from Turkey to Greece. [NATO warships ordered to patrol the Aegean Sea 'without delay' after Turkey, Germany and Greece ask for help in stopping illegal migration, Daily Mail, February 11, 2016] These NATO vessels could shut down the people-smuggling rackets by just turning the boats round, back to Turkey.
That's how the Australians solved their similar problem.
Brilliant! It only took the Europeans a year to think of this.
Meanwhile, winter is beginning to turn into spring. Better weather, more boats, more people: a million, two million, five million … Who knows?
Europe's in the balance. The next few months will be very interesting.
John Derbyshire [email him] writes an incredible amount on all sorts of subjects for all kinds of outlets. (This no longer includes National Review, whose editors had some kind of tantrum and fired him. )  They are the author of We Are Doomed: Reclaiming Conservative Pessimism and several other books. He's had two books published by VDARE.com: FROM THE DISSIDENT RIGHT (also available in Kindle) and From the Dissident Right II: Essays 2013. Their writings are archived at JohnDerbyshire.com.
Readers who wish to donate (tax deductible) funds specifically earmarked for John Derbyshire's writings at VDARE.com can do so here.
Cracker Barrel Old Country Store, a staple along highways in the South and Midwest, has broken ground on its first restaurant in California.
The Victorville restaurant is slated to open in February. The Tennessee-based casual dining chain, founded in 1969, is known for its homestyle comfort food.
The 10,000-square-foot restaurant will employ 250 employees. Like its other Southern-themed restaurants, the Victorville Cracker Barrel will be decorated with antiques that are custom to the local community.
“Our design team will begin researching Victorville and selecting the antique décor in the coming weeks,” the company said in a statement.
The restaurant will be part of about a dozen other restaurants along the 15 freeway, south of the Bear Valley Road. Earlier this year, Victorville City Manager Doug Robertson said Cracker Barrel selected the city because of its high-visibility along the 15, a highway frequented by travelers headed to Las Vegas.
Victorville will be Cracker Barrel's 649th location when it opens. Another California eatery is reportedly in the work in north Rialto, in the Renaissance Marketplace shopping center.
The chain owns and operates all of its restaurants, currently located in 44 states. For the third quarter ended April 28, Cracker Barrel reported flat sales of $700.4 million, compared to the same period a year ago.
Address: 11612 Amargosa Road, Victorville, 92392.
The Omen Riot
1
OMEN Longboards has produced a fast-paced new video to showcase the New 2015 OMEN Longboards RIOT and newly minted team rider, Morgan Owens!
The Riot is a top-mount board that features 1/3 of an inch of rocker, a length of 36″, a width of 10″, and wheelbase ranging from 23″-27″ all sandwiched together with 9-plys of canadian maple. The deck has a smooth concave that rises to about 5/8 of an inch, and features a mild middle “w” to help provide some reference for your toes, and some extra leverage for toeside corners. The RIOT is intended for fast riding, both hands-down and stand-up, and with the tight wheelbase options and agile topmount performance this board is great for steep corners and high speed velocity management.
Find out more here, or watch this:
Check out the board in action to witness our newest Team Rider, Morgan Owens, flying down the local hills in the outskirts of Seattle, Morgan has set their Riot up to tackle big corners, and high speeds.  They are native to Mt. Shasta, California, but was traveling through Seattle on their way to Danger Bay when they filmed for this video.
Morgans Setup:
Omen Riot
Paris Truck Co
Divine Wheel Co
Find out more about the Riot here: http://www.omenlongboards.com/collections/frontpage/products/riot
1
The government crackdown against the Muslim Brotherhood and its supporters appears to have succeeded in sidelining political Islam in Egypt. For now. But it could also be setting the stage for a more violent response. The Muslim Brotherhood might still be the most organized political group in Egypt. But the Brothers' backs are against the wall. The ousted president and former Brotherhood leader, Mohammed Morsi is locked up. Pro-Morsi demonstrations have been quashed. And up to a thousand Brotherhood supporters have been killed. "This is, for many members of the Muslim Brotherhood and for many Islamists, an event of world historical proportions," said Tarek Masoud of the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University. "It was always likely that the response to this coup was going to be defiance and violence." What is most worrisome to Masoud and others are the recent attacks on dozens of churches in Egypt. Brotherhood supporters and Islamist leaders have fanned the sectarian flames with their anti-Christian rhetoric. Meanwhile, the Egyptian military points to the violence as evidence that the Brothers are terrorists, plain and simple. "On the one hand, you've got members of the Muslim Brotherhood, who see themselves as fighting a good fight against a military coup," Masoud said. "But you also have much more violent extremists–in and outside of the Muslim Brotherhood–who are using this moment of madness to enact a more extreme, radical agenda." But the government crackdown might be making things worse. Eric Trager of the Washington Institute for Near East Policy writes that this has a lot to do with the nature of the Muslim Brotherhood as an organization. When it comes to their leaders, Brotherhood members are required to take an oath to quote "listen and obey." Now that the Egyptian army and police are rounding up those leaders, Trager says it's likely the Islamic group's rank and file will become violent. "When you take off the very top layer of this organization, you leave the rest of the organization–roughly 250,000 members–without any discipline, without any leadership to follow," Trager said in an interview with The World. "It's highly unlikely that these individuals will return to being regular citizens, especially after they've seen their friends killed." It is far too early to tell what this moment will mean in the long-term for political Islam in Egypt–or for the broader region, said Gregory Gause, Middle East expert at the University of Vermont. But the indications that Egypt's interim rulers might be trying to eliminate the Muslim Brotherhood and its Islamist allies as a political force altogether, Gause said, does not bode well for the immediate future. "They might think that they can repress fiercely in the short term, get the Brotherhood to pull back," Gause said. "To temporarily leave the political stage in exchange for toleration for its social and cultural activities." It was the kind of accommodation that Anwar Sadat reached with the Muslim Brotherhood in the 1970s, Gause said. But that arrangement with the Islamists didn't end well for Egypt's former president. Sadat was assassinated by Islamic extremists in 1981.
As rumors heat up that Sprint is poised to make a public bid for T-Mobile, analysts and others are beginning to look at what the two carriers would look like if they merged.
While there are still significant obstacles to such a deal--regulators have signaled their opposition to the transaction, which could kill the deal outright or at least lead to significant asset divestments--it's nonetheless worth looking at what kind of network and financial situation a combined Sprint and T-Mobile would command.
Below is a snapshot of the network of a combined Sprint and T-Mobile, as well as a customer and financial comparison of a combined Sprint and T-Mobile against market leaders Verizon Wireless and AT&T Mobility.
Sprint and T-Mobile's aggregate spectrum holdings:
Source: Mosaik. Click here for a larger version of this image.
Sprint and T-Mobile's network coverage overlap:
Source: Mosaik. Click here for a larger version of this image.
Sprint and T-Mobile's subscriber base:
Source: Strategy Analytics
Sprint and T-Mobile's EBITDA margin:
Source: Strategy Analytics
Sprint and T-Mobile's service revenue:
Source: Strategy Analytics
Sprint and T-Mobile's smartphone share of postpaid subscribers:
Source: Strategy Analytics
Finaly, BTIG analyst Walter Piecyk offered a look at where Sprint and T-Mobile stand today in terms of 2013 wireless EBITDA:
Source: Piecyk
My wife and I have been using the Magic bullet for years and years. It took lots of bearings and has helped create many awesome recipes. Finally, after all this, the base broke. We had lots of cups and blades but without the motorized base they were useless. We figured this was the time to see what else was out there and we bought a similar item of a different brand. It only came with 2 cups and within a week 1 broke. That was all it took for me to come back and I ordered this Magic Bullet set the next day. It showed up a day earlier than expected and we're back to smoothies every morning. All the old cups and bases work with the new, and vise-versa. Plus, the motorized base is more robust than the previous one (again, which lasted many years). I couldn't be happier and for the price offered on Best Buy, it's a deal and a half!
Read more
Autotags is my second “official” Vim plugin (after [Lawrencium][]). It confirms a trend of having a terrible name (although this time for different reasons), but I'm open to changing it since it's still early. And as that terrible name implies, this new plugin is all about automatically managing your tags.
Edit: thanks to Reddit, it was renamed to Gutentags! I edited this post after this point to use the updated name and links.
One of the biggest problems you face when using Vim with a large codebase – and one of the reasons most users still go back to an IDE for their day job – is that tags files in Vim suck. No wait, it's not even that they suck, it's that there's nothing out of the box to help you with it. Which, well, sucks.
In case you don't know, tags files are basically a reverse index of the symbols defined in a given codebase, as generated by an external tool like [Ctags][]. This is what lets you put the cursor on a function call and jump to the definition of that function. It's basic stuff that “just works” in an IDE1, but in Vim you need to create, update, and otherwise manage that thing yourself. It's insanely archaic even by Vim's standards.
But there's no reason it shouldn't “just work” in Vim, and that's why I wrote [Gutentags][]. Head over to the [official website][gutentags] to get started in less than a minute.
In case you're wondering how this plugin is different from the many other similar plugins out there, or from just doing it the retarded way (i.e. run !ctags -R . every now and then), here it is:
No dependencies on anything else than Vim and Ctags: no Python, Ruby, or whatever.
Cross-platform: should work at least on Mac and Windows at the moment, Linux should be fine too[^2].
Automatically index new projects: when you open a file in a new project, Gutentags will start indexing it right away. You don't need to manually run it if you don't want to.
Incremental tags generation: when you edit and save a file, Gutentags will properly and automatically update the index, but only for that file. Re-generating the whole index obviously doesn't scale for large codebases, yet that's what most tutorials tell you to do! This is madness and it has to stop.
Background update: you shouldn't have to wait while the index is (re)generated (which is what !ctags -R . does! Again, madness).
does! Again, madness). Keep tags files away: don't like to see lots of tags files polluting your projects everywhere? Tired of adding tags to every .gitignore or .hgignore file ever? Me too. Gutentags lets you keep them in a hidden place of your own choosing.
At the time of writing this post, Gutentags has been tested on a glorious total of 3 machines (all my own with the same [Vim configuration][dotfiles]), so watch our for bugs, and please report them on [Github][1] or [BitBucket][2].
The Indiana Pacers scored 4 points over the final 6:45 of Monday's game to the San Antonio Spurs. As a result, a 10-point lead turned into a 2-point loss.
This lackluster production came not long after Indiana held San Antonio to an 18-point third quarter to take control. It wasn't the first time the Pacer offense let down the Pacer defense.
According to Basketball-Reference.com, Indiana has held their opponent to less than one point per possession 20 times this year, just a little under 38% of their games. Leaguewide, teams only accomplish this difficult task about 27% of the time — and only five teams have done so more often than the Pacers this season.
Unfortunately, the Pacers have only won 50% — going 10-10 — of these 20 games.
Meanwhile, the other 29 teams have turned more than 85% of the opportunities into wins.
Not only is this conversion rate the worst in the NBA this year, it's one of the worst winning percentages any team has posted in such games during last decade.
The Indiana Pacers Futility in Historic Context
Over the 10 seasons prior to this year, teams holding their opponents to less than a point per possession won 84% of games, going a remarkable 5246-968. Compare that to the 50% win rate of this year's Indiana Pacers.
The Pacers are trying to claw their way back into the playoffs. As of this morning, they stood two-and-a-half games behind the 8th-seeded Charlotte Hornets and only three games behind #7 Miami.
By going just 10-10 in games when they have played top-notch defense, Indiana has easily left at least five wins on the table.
This is a hard fact to accept for a team starving for wins — and one that might be the difference between making the playoffs and going fishing early.
By Steve Holland and Roberta Rampton
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - Ten days after President Barack Obama said they had authorized U.S. air strikes against Islamic State targets in Syria, the White House gave no sign on Friday that attacks were imminent as they prepared to meet world leaders at the United Nations.
At a White House briefing, national security adviser Susan Rice was vague as to when the new air campaign might begin in Syria, and whether Obama would in fact sign off on any final attack plan developed by the Pentagon.
"I don't think it would be appropriate or wise for me to telegraph from the podium exactly when that will occur, and what steps may need to be taken before that is to occur," Rice told reporters at the White House.
They said any attacks in Syria would be "at a time and a place of our own choosing" and that "when and how we choose to do that will be an operational decision."
Them comments underline mounting questions over when the United States will expand its air campaign against Islamic State into Syria from neighboring Iraq after Obama laid out guidelines for strikes aimed at denying the militants a safe haven in either country.
Obama said on Sept. 10 that they had authorized air strikes in Syria and has worked to prepare war-weary Americans for that eventuality.
On Wednesday, Obama visited the U.S. Central Command military headquarters in Tampa, Florida, and reviewed contingency plans developed by military commanders, declaring afterward that they were "very thorough," said White House spokesperson Josh Earnest.
ATTACK PLAN SEEN UNDER DEVELOPMENT
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel left the impression in congressional testimony on Thursday that Obama still had to decide on the final attack plan.
"The president has not yet approved its finality," they told the House of Representatives Armed Services Committee.
At a Democratic National Committee event on Friday, Obama repeated U.S. determination to act.
"America is leading the coalition that will degrade and ultimately destroy the terrorist group known as ISIL," Obama said, using an acronym for Islamic State. "And as Americans we welcome these responsibilities. We don't shy away from them."
Other events this week suggest a war plan that is still being developed.
U.S. officials said it would take months to arm and train moderate Syrian rebels after Congress approved Obama's request for $500 million to pay for the project.
They insisted, however, that going ahead with air strikes in Syria did not hinge on having the rebels trained first.
There has also been a highly public debate over whether Americans could get involved in ground combat in Iraq.
Obama has already ordered some 1,600 U.S. troops into Iraq. That number might increase at some point, if needed, General Raymond Odierno, chief of staff of the Army, said on Friday.
"I don't think there's a rush ... to have lots of people in there now," Odierno told reporters, calling 1,600 "a good start."
Marine General Martin Dempsey, chairperson of the U.S. military's Joint Chiefs of Staff, said Obama will decide on a case-by-case basis whether small groups of American advisers would go into battle with Iraqi troops.
The White House swiftly responded that Obama would not permit American combat troops to go into battle in Iraq, but that some advisers could go to forward positions to help call in air strikes.
Obama will give a speech at the U.N. General Assembly on Wednesday to make the case again for world action against Islamic State.
They will chair a meeting with global leaders to develop a strategy for preventing foreign fighters who have sworn allegiance to Islamic State from returning to their home countries to launch attacks against civilians.
(Additional reporting by Phil Stewart; Editing by Jason Szep and Andre Grenon)
The American Civil Liberties Union is using newly released video of a deadly police shooting to call for an end to a controversial anti-crime tactic, known as "jump out squads." (Published Friday, Feb. 13, 2015)
A jury cleared Metropolitan Police Department officers in the shooting death of a D.C. teen four years ago.
Rafael Briscoe, 18, was shot and killed in April 2011 in the 2400 block of Elvans Road SE after police say they brandished a weapon.
MPD surveillance video shows the former track star running from an unmarked D.C. police car filled with officers. Lawyers for the police department said the teen was seen carrying a gun, while Briscoe's family lawyer, Billy Ponds, said what police are interpreting as a weapon is simply their finger and their cell phone.
Neither side disputes a single, fatal shot was then fired from the unmarked police car, but Ponds said a BB gun was thrown from the car toward Briscoe's body. Still images taken from the crime scene show the gun broken in two pieces.
"[The video] did not depict Rafael turning toward the [car]. I'm astounded and ashamed by the outcome in the case," Ponds said.
Briscoe's mother Bridzette Lane Friday vowed to keep fighting to defend them son.
"Looking at the video, it was a drive-by on him," Lane said. "So I'm just angry. I'm very, very angry. I'm not going to stop until justice is served for my son."
The American Civil Liberties Union is using Briscoe's death to call for an end to MPD's long-used anti-crime tactic known as "jump out squads." Monica Hopkins-Maxwell, the head of D.C.'s ACLU, told News4 the unmarked cars police use in similar cases should be clearly marked.
D.C. police released the following statement Friday afternoon:
"Plain clothes and undercover police operations are used by MPD for multiple purposes such as investigating robberies, burglaries, drug, prostitution, and gun offenses. They are not targeted at any particular community, but are used to address crime problems and citizen complaints."
The D.C. Attorney General's Office is preparing a statement.
This is the time of year when TV networks announce their schedules and audiences get first looks at new shows, and today we're getting a glimpse at The Muppets. As reported before, the show is a single-camera comedy told in the style of The Office, with the various characters being followed around and then giving interviews directly into the camera as cutaways. The show is going to be about the creatures making a new network show, and that meta-commentary is there right from the opening frames, with Kermit addressing the entire cast giving them the news about the series pickup. The show will be airing on Tuesday nights at 8PM.
Also as promised, we get a glimpse of personal lives of the creatures — Fozzie is dating! — and we learn that even beloved frogs are guilty of trotting out well-worn Los Angeles traffic jokes. Still, it's a high-energy look at the new show, and while it's very different from the variety program that first made the Muppets famous, it's wonderful to see Kermit, Miss Piggy, Fozzie, Gonzo, the Swedish Chef, and the rest of the gang back in action.
Oh, and did I mention Animal? Animal!
Update, 3:24PM: Updated with new trailer embed. The original YouTube clip from ABC had voices that were pitched abnormally high. You can also watch the clip here.
Dimitri Payet is due to fly to London to complete their move to West Ham United from Marseille in a deal worth £10.7million plus bonuses.
While Payet's agent has claimed that their client has still yet to formally sign for West Ham and there is room for Marseille to try to convince them to sign a new deal, the Hammers are confident of now wrapping up the deal.
Payet turned down Marseille's latest contract offer after West Ham offered them a five-year package that could amount up to £70,000-a-week once bonuses have been taken into consideration.
The initial fee that West ham are paying for 28-year-old Payet is £10.7m, but that figure could rise to around £12m if certain targets are achieved.
Slaven Bilic has been keen to sign a creative midfielder
Midfielder Payet created more goals than any other player in Ligue 1 last season, with 16 assists.
• Bilic may prove inspired but is still a risk
New West Ham manager Slaven Bilic had highlighted a creative player as a priority signing and the Croatian will be delighted to land Payet if, as expected, the transfer is signed off.
West Ham are still in talks to try to sign defensive midfielder Alex Song on a permanent deal from Barcelona and are confident right-back Carl Jenkinson will return to the club on loan from Arsenal.
You might know Elizabeth Bennet from Jane Austen's novel, Pride and Prejudice. Maybe you know Lizzie Bennet from their vlog on YouTube, a channel that has over 135,000 subscribers and more than 17 million total channel views.
The Lizzie Bennet Diaries was created by Hank Green (of VlogBrothers) and Bernie Su (of BlackBoxTV), two storytellers who wanted to utilize YouTube's full potential.
"I make video blogs, and I know what a powerful medium they are," said Green. "I also know that they're cheap to make. I saw them being mostly ignored by story tellers, and I thought that was dumb."
They wanted to do something brand new on the Internet, which meant they had to get noticed and have a compelling story to tell.
"I think with anything on the Internet, it's always challenging to get discovery," Su said.
As showrunner, Su is involved in the storymaking process from beginning to end, from writing to rehearsal to shooting. In one day of shooting, the team can go through up to 50 pages of script.
BEIJING (Reuters) - China will bring forward the start date of the country's war with Japan by six years in education textbooks, a move which will bolster patriotic education, state media reported.
The Chinese War Against Japanese Aggression, China's name for its war with Japan, will be now be 14 years long, from 1931 to 1945, not the previously taught eight years, China's education ministry told schools on Jan. 3.
All classes, textbooks and courses in elementary, middle-schools, high-schools and universities will be altered to bring them in line with history experts, said a letter published on Tuesday on the WeChat account of the People's Daily, the Communist Party's flagship paper.
The changes make the 1931 Mukden incident, an explosion near a Japanese-owned railway line in northern China that led to Japan's invasion and occupation of Manchuria, into the starting point for the war, the People's Daily said.
Previously, the 1937 Marco Polo Bridge Incident, a battle between the Japanese army and China forces near Beijing, had marked the beginning of the war.
Linking the two events makes it clear how the regional occupation of north China's Manchuria later lead to the national war, the paper said, adding the move will also bolster patriotic education.
Sino-Japan relations have long been affected by what China sees as Japan's failure to atone for its war-time actions.
Japan changed school textbooks in 2016, revising some references to the 1937 Nanjing Massacre, prompting China to lodge an official protest with Japan in March that year.
China says Japanese troops killed 300,000 people in its then capital, but a post-war Allied tribunal put the death toll at about half that number and some Japanese conservatives say that accounts of the massacre are a fabrication or exaggerated
Archaeologists discovered what may be the remains of a medieval boat that's possibly hundreds of years old during construction on a drainage project along the River Chet near Loddon, England.
The oaken vessel was found in a marshy area of the waterway network known as the Norfolk Broads during work on a flood defense project in the region. It is apparently well preserved and is believed to be around 600 years old, according to multiple reports on the find.
Made from wooden timbers, iron and copper alloy nails, the boat appeared to have been waterproofed using animal hair and tar.
“This is an extremely rare and important find," site archaeologist Heather Wallis told local news outlet Beccles and Bungay Journal. "No boats of this date have previously been found in Norfolk so this has been a unique opportunity to record and recover a vessel of this date and type.”
The boat was probably used to ferry goods back and forth to markets along the rivers, lakes and canals of the Broads.
"This area has had a strong reliance on water transport and related industries, particularly since the creation of the Broads by peat digging in the medieval period," Wallis said, according to the Eastern Daily Press. “We cannot be entirely sure how the boat was propelled, but it is likely to have been sailed and/or rowed or quanted down the river.”
The next step for researchers will be to carefully transport and store the boat, until it can be more accurately dated and researched.
EDITOR'S NOTE: The article below was submitted by a regular contributor of AgeOfShitlords. The views expressed within it are the author's alone, and may or may not be shared by the administration of the site.
You can submit your own article to us HERE.
The case of Milo Yiannopoulos has been an interesting one to observe, as in just over a year their popularity has skyrocketed. They have become, as they would call himself, a “Diva Pop Star”. When they first appeared on the scene, they were a breeze of fresh air in a world being devoured by PC culture and whiny, obese feminazis and SJW vermin; They were a suicide blonde, ambiguously Jewish/Catholic, race mixing f*ggot who, instead of buying into expectations of becoming another cry baby homo complaining about non-existent oppression against gays in the Western world, fought against the real thought, and opinion oppression against anyone who dared disagree with the LGBTQXYZ agenda.
Watching them change from a pudgy, pale kid to a hot, blonde, golden skinned media star who attracted both sexes, and caused riots and scandals just with mere words was always exciting. Theirs was a “rags to riches” story, a “A star is born” story, just without the campy musical numbers.
I must admit I became a fan, and they helped “uncuck” me.
Then throughout 2016 came the college tours, the internet radio show, the protests, the riots, the RNC, the rallies, the TV shows, etc. For many, they were one of the reasons why they even considered voting for President Trump, and why they started questioning the VERY FAKE NEWS (((Mainstream Media))).
Their Twitter audience had exponential growth, achieving over a quarter of a million followers in just about a year. And then came the Twitter fight with Leslie Jones, and their permaban. That could have been, should have been, the end of who was until then just a popular Twitter troll…But Milo was able to spin the negative publicity into gold, becoming more popular than before, with a sold out tour, the “Dangerous Faggot” tour across America, with more high profile TV appearances, and even a number one Amazon best seller book, “Dangerous“, which not only went number one once but TWICE, after the UC Berkeley violent riots which put their handsome square jaw across national TV news channels.
Then came the Bill Maher show, what was supposed to be their Apotheosis. But it was lukewarm at best, they played cute/nice instead of debating livid SJW comedians using facts, letting them walk all over him, disappointing many/most of their fans.
And now a scandal has come out, claiming that they have advocated for Pedophilia.
Here is a longer cut where Milo Yiannopoulos says that they "is advocating" for legal sex between 13 year olds! & older men. #CPAC2017 pic.twitter.com/1fiuv7TSKs — The Reagan Battalion (@ReaganBattalion) February 19, 2017
And they are getting eiffel towered from both sides, the awful of the awful extreme left and extreme right are running with this story
But what was actually said by Milo? Was it taken out of context?
It seems to me they were speaking about their OWN experience, feeling sexually mature at 14 years old, and making a jest at their own sexual abuse, which is how They choose to deal with their sexual abuse. Not an advocation for sexually abusing children. Some of us have gone through challenging moments in our lives, and we choose to deal with them in different ways, perhaps considering themselves to be “sexually mature” at that age, while being raped by a black tranny is their way to deal with it, same for their joke about being sexually abused by a Catholic priest. It's their “edgy” humor.
And Milo has gone on to deny their defense for pedophilia, and their hatred for pedophiles on their very own Facebook account post.
And they have, in the past, also expressed their dislike for how the (((main stream media))) pushes pedophilia, and tries to normalize sexuality and sensuality of children.
It seems obvious to me that, from the VERY FAKE NEWS side, the same people who refused to even consider the #PizzaGate allegations, the same people who defended Lena Dunham joking about the times they sexually abused their sister, the same people who tried to normalize and “humanize” pedophiles, are now using the VERY SAME accusations against Milo, taking what they said out of context.
Now, I must confess. I can't be totally unbiased when it comes to this story. I've had the pleasure of spending time with Milo, as well as with people in their inner circle, and I got to see the real him.  They are both vicious and controversial as well as being kind, sweet, generous and open hearted.  They are a complicated person, far more than anyone gets to see, and only the people who get to spend time with them can ever witness that, but even in the middle of a storm, in the eye of the hurricane, they take the time to make the people around them feel more important than him.
I don't agree with everything Milo says, in fact, as a fearsome right-wing faggot myself, I could say I consider their positions rather mild compared to mine, and that he's not a true conservative but truly a classic liberal or “libertarian”, just fiscally conservative. But I will say this:  They are often taken COMPLETELY out of context, and people don't even bother fact-checking, just running with a story to push their own agenda or vendetta, among them Ben Shapiro, one of the cucks pushing this story, still holding on to a grudge from when Milo eclipsed them in popularity.
Milo was born with the controversy, and I doubt this will do anything but make them MORE famous (or infamous), something they absolutely enjoy. Just know that 90% of what you are being told by the VERY FAKE NEWS mainstream media is…
Sorry about the hiatus. I've been very busy with work related things. Hopefully things will progress a little more consistently.
The first thing I hear in the morning are birds. The birds are wrong but louder. This bed is wrong but stiffer. The air is wrong but saltier. I don't belong here but I feel close.
I sit up from my bunk on the ship and look out the small round window. Nothing interesting, just a vast expanse of water. It's been the same for the last two days. We're sailing for Vale, but had to book passage on a freight ship. We've stopped in a few ports already, making the trip unbearably long. I get up before the others. It's easier to be by myself this way. The beds are too small to share, which is fine because I'm done helping Cinder unwind. It didn't take long to figure out that they were only in it for the power. I apply my disguise and start to wander the deck. The sea breeze is strong and I let my hair out of their ties. I step up to the end of the bow. I close my eyes and smell the air calmly. I remember the weekend trips into Vale. They liked to hang out at the docks after we went shopping. I couldn't understand how they enjoyed the stench of fish. I guess it grew on me too because I'm starting to feel at ease.
My ears perk up to the sound of footsteps behind me. "There you are. Cinder sent me to find you." A rather unimpressed Emerald walks up. I look back and roll my eyes. I point at Emerald's pocket. "What?" They reach down and pulls their scroll from their pocket. "You want me to call som- Wait, what the hell?" I use my semblance and project the words on their scroll.
[You found me. I don't need to be on Cinder's leash.]
Emerald eyes the message. "Did you hack my scroll, freak?" They accuse. That works for me. The less they know about my abilities, the better.
[I did what I needed to communicate.]
"Why now? Why not at the start of the semester?" They question harshly.
[Didn't have much to say to you three.]
Emerald crinkles their nose but seems to accept it. "Fine. Whatever. It's your ass if you piss off Cinder." They say, walking up to the railing beside me.
[Why do you follow her?]
Emerald's face reddens and they grumble. "What's it to you?" they snipe back. I don't respond, letting the question fester. They sighed to break the silence, "I grew up alone and in filth. I barely scraped by. When Cinder found me, I was starving and getting more brazen in order to make bigger scores. But that also made me more sloppy. I was nearly caught trying to lift a really pricey ring." Emerald pauses, reflecting on things. "Following Cinder gives me purpose. I'm not fighting for survival anymore. I can focus on greater things."
[So they feed you and makes sure you get a bath every once in a while. Sounds more like you're their pet.]
Emerald stared at the scroll in a quiet rage, but I could see a tear start to well up. Finally they lowered their head and spoke. "You don't know a damn thing about me." They say in a deeper voice before turning and walking away.
Guess I touched a nerve. Maybe that was a bit harsh but I'm not about to sugarcoat the truth. Cinder is using them more than she's using Roman and me. At least we know that she's playing us like pawns. Emerald's never going to see the dagger aimed at them back. Maybe that's how they want it.
"Jeeze, what'd you do to piss them off?" Mercury asks as they clomp forward. I point for them to pull out their scroll and run the same trick, though they don't bat an eye at it.
[Told them that they seemed more like Cinder's dog than their teammate. More or less.]
Mercury shrugged. "We all are at this point. Except I don't think Cinder's the one holding the leash."
This is new.
[Oh? Someone else is pulling the strings here?]
"Let's just say I've overheard Cinder speaking to someone on their scroll a few times and for once, they seemed like the underling." They reply plainly.
So, this isn't even their plan or at least not entirely.
[Why are you telling me this?]
"Doesn't matter. Either way we all have to do what we have to do. At the end of the day we all go our separate ways." They shrug, as if no deed, no matter how wicked could phase him.
[What are you getting out of this.]
They smirk. "I get to keep the dog." Their words carry something sinister about them.
[Cinder is giving you Emerald?]
"Something like that. Yea." They reply casually. This guy always felt a bit off, but even I'm starting to get creepped out.
[Thanks for the chat. I'm going for some food.] I remove myself from that conversation quickly. These two are off the deep end. At least I learned a little something about our would-be commander.
We pull into Vale late at night. There's a police presence all over the place, putting me on edge. Not for myself, mind you, but for Roman. We walked up to get a better look at the chaos, being sure to blend in with the other looky-loos. The cops were scrambling, sifting the area for clues. That means no arrest. Roman made it out. Of course they did, he's always been incredibly slippery. Looking over the area, I spotted someone. That monkey faunus from Haven along side four colourful girls. I pegged them as a bit of a man whore but they couldn't have been here for that long.
"We're done here. If he's alive, he'll be at the meeting point." Cinder quietly tells us before walking off slowly. Of course we follow obediently, Mercury was right, we're all on a leash.
We make our way to a warehouse. As we approach I can see Roman striding in. I knew he'd be fine.
"Neo. Stay out here and make sure we aren't interrupted. This won't take long." Cinder dictates and strides forward with Mercury and Emerald in tow. I damn near shank them right in the back. It's not like I could protest. Though I think I could scream into a pillow later.
I peer into the warehouse and watch as Cinder scolds Roman like a small child. I'm so sick of their smug voice. At the very least they were honest, this didn't take very long. They walk out, leaving Roman to lick theirs wounds.
"I want you on Beacon campus tomorrow at noon. We have to keep up appearances." Cinder directs. I guess that's permission to spend some time with Roman. "Oh, and make sure they keep up their side of the deal, he's already behind." They add before leading the others towards an airship to get into Beacon.
I wait for them to get out of earshot before stepping into the warehouse. Roman jumped at the footsteps but smirked when they saw me standing there. "Hey, kiddo. I was worried you weren't going to show." they say playfully.
I stop about 5 feet away from them and cross my arms, shifting my weight onto my left foot, and gave them an equally smug grin before lunging forward into a hug. They returned the hug fully and placed hand on the back of my head. "Sorry to get you wrapped up in all this. But when it's all done we'll be able to go where ever we want. More than enough money to build a new life." They assure me.
I barely listen. I take a deep breath before separating from him. I give them a small smirk and and eye roll. They chuckle and nods. "Yea, I'm pretty much ready to hit the hay too." They say leading me off to the back of the warehouse where a small living area was set up. I smack them in the hip to get their attention and pinch my nose waving my other hand in front of it. "Oh shut up. It smells fine." They reply as they hang up their hat and coat. I can't help but stay smiling. I'm finally someplace I feel comfortable.
I strip down nonchalantly while they get ready for bed, stealing one of their larger shirts to wear as pajamas. They get in the bed soon after and I crawl in and lay my head on their shoulder. "Sleep well kiddo." They comment quietly as they relax into the bed.
When I was younger and alone on the streets, Roman was there to help me. They never wanted anything from me. We are family. I love them and will trust them to the end. I know we aren't good people, but we are good to each other. Tonight I don't have to think about them I don't have to think about this plan. I don't have to think about that school, that place.
The last thing I hear before falling asleep are birds. Finally the birds are right.
Facebook is again throwing money around to get a leg up on the competition. The social network is reportedly buying messaging app WhatsApp for a staggering $16 billion in cash and stock, plus an extra $3 billion or so in stock for WhatsApp employees. For those keeping track, that's 19 Instagrams.
The base $16 billion is split up as $12 billion worth of stock and $4 billion cash. The deal also includes an extra $3 billion in Facebook stock (45,966,444 restricted shares) to WhatsApp employees after the deal closes. The $3 billion number is based on the stock price right now – it could be more or less when the deal closes. Facebook has until August 19, 2014 to get things done on its end, or WhatsApp is free to pull out and gets $1 billion in cash and $1 billion in Facebook stock.
WhatsApp says it has about 450 million users, which Facebook would have access to. However, many of those users might already be on Facebook. This may also be a reaction to the recent purchase of Viber by Rakuten. WhatsApp will reportedly remain a separate product with its own app and no unnecessary Facebook integration or ads.
WhatsApp is one of the most popular messaging services in the world. Founded by two former Yahoo engineers, it is developed almost completely in Russia where programmers are willing to work for less. This has allowed the app to remain ad-free and subsist only on small subscription fees of $0.99 per year from its enthusiastic user base. WhatsApp allows users to send text, picture, and voice messages to any other WhatsApp user. One of the appealing apects of WhatsApp is that it doesn't require anyone to set up usernames or PINs, instead relying on the regular phone number. This low barrier to entry has served WhatsApp well... to the tune of about $19 billion.
[Business Insider, SEC, Facebook via Sarah Frier]
A new interview with movie and TV writer Aaron Sorkin claims that the official announcement for who will take on the title role in their biopic of Apple co-founder Steve Jobs is "imminent". It also reveals some new details about what we can expect to see in the Sony Pictures film.
Leonardo DiCaprio was reportedly first sought out for the role but decided to pass. A few weeks ago, Sorkin seemed to confirm that Christian Bale had agreed to do the part but a few days later it was reported that Bale had turned down the role as well. More recently, Hollywood media outlets claimed that Michael Fassbender was in talk to take on the movie.
In their new interview with The Independent, Sorkin stated that one of the big roles in their biopic will be that of Jobs' daughter Lisa Brennan-Jobs. They spoke with Sorkin as part of their research into the script. Sorkin said:
The across-the-board automatic federal budget cuts that began in March do not seem to be derailing the recovery so far, given that the job market over all has continued to grow. And certainly some of the scariest predictions about the sequester didn't come true (partly because Congress stepped in to prevent their occurrence). But if you look closely at the data, the sequester still does seem to be affecting certain industries pretty badly.
As my colleague Floyd Norris wrote, government payrolls have been shrinking for several years. Those declines were mostly driven by state and local layoffs at first; lately, the layoffs have gotten worse at the federal level. In the last four months, the federal government has laid off 40,000 workers. And that number doesn't indicate the full extent to which the sequester has affected employment, as many government agencies have resorted to furloughs rather than full-blown layoffs.
Below is a chart showing the numbers of federal workers who have been working “part time for economic reasons,” a term meaning they want to be working full time, but can't get their employer to give them full-time hours. The numbers are not seasonally adjusted, so I've charted the trends for 2011, 2012 and 2013 to compare the level in a given month with its level exactly one year and two years earlier.
Photo
As you can see, there was a huge jump in the number of reluctant federal part-timers in June compared with the same month in 2011 and 2012. In June 2013, 148,000 federal workers were working part-time hours (defined as fewer than 35 hours a week) but wished they were working full time, compared with 58,000 in June 2012 and 55,000 in June 2011.
In fact, in every month starting in February, when agencies perhaps started preparing for the sequester, the number of reluctant federal part-timers has been higher than its level in 2012. In each of those months in 2013, the level has also been higher than in 2011, with the exception of April, when there were an equal number of federal part-timers for economic reasons in 2011 and 2013 (64,000).
And of course, these figures show only what's happening with federal workers. There are plenty of private-sector workers whose jobs and hours depend on federal money, too, as I wrote in an article last week.
In that article, I calculated which industries were most reliant on federal defense money, based on Labor Department data showing where the Defense Department spends its money, and how money spent in any one sector affects employment in all the others (for example, employment of metalworkers might rise when the government orders a new jet). The top five defense-sensitive industries are ship and boat building, facilities support services, aerospace product and parts manufacturing, scientific research and development services and electronic instruments manufacturing (which includes companies that make navigational instruments, for example).
Here's a look at the monthly change in employment in these defense-sensitive industries, shown at an annualized percentage growth rate, versus all other industries:
Photo
As you can see, in the last few months, the defense-sensitive industries have been shedding jobs, while the rest of the country's employers have been adding jobs over all. The trends for the previous months are noisy, but if you smooth them out, it looks as if the defense-sensitive industries and the other industries were both doing about equally well, with the exception of a huge downward spike in employment in the defense-sensitive industries around the time of the summer 2011 debt ceiling crisis.
Harold Francis Weaver, a pioneer of radio astronomy who discovered the first microwave laser, or maser, in space, passed away peacefully in their Kensington, California, home on April 26 at the age of 99.
Weaver was a professor emeritus of astronomy, the founder of UC Berkeley's Radio Astronomy Laboratory and its director from 1958 until 1972 and a former chairperson of the Department of Astronomy.
As a young astronomer at the University of California's Lick Observatory near San Jose, and starting in 1951 as a member of the UC Berkeley astronomy faculty, Weaver became keenly aware of the potential of radio astronomy, which at the time was a young field. Many objects in space give off radio waves, from gas clouds and stars to galaxies, and today astronomers even observe microwave background radiation to infer the early history of the universe shortly after the Big Bang.
After several years of proposal writing, talking to administrators and searching for funds, Weaver founded the Radio Astronomy Laboratory in 1958. Two of their colleagues were Samuel Silver, a professor of electrical engineering and the namesake of the campus's Space Sciences Laboratory, and Luis Alvarez, a physicist and winner of the 1968 Nobel Prize in Physics.
The lab dedicated its first telescopes, including an 85-foot dish – at the time, one of the world's largest – in June 1962, in Hat Creek Valley in Northern California, far from radio noise that would have interfered with observations. Using the dish, Weaver and their colleagues discovered the first astrophysical maser – microwave amplification by stimulated emission or radiation, the radio equivalent of a laser – which had only been realized on Earth eight years earlier by the late UC Berkeley physicist and Nobel laureate Charles Townes.
At the time, many astronomers thought molecules could not exist in space, and the radio emissions Weaver recorded were attributed to an unknown form of interstellar matter named “mysterium.” But the emission was soon identified as coming from OH or hydroxyl molecules inside molecular clouds. Since then, many interstellar molecules have been found to emit coherent light in the form of a maser.
For decades, Weaver used the telescope to study other aspects of the interstellar medium and conducted large-scale surveys of interstellar hydrogen. The large telescope they built was destroyed by heavy winds in 1993, by which time Weaver's successors were building smaller telescopes and assembling them in arrays to obtain even more sensitive measurements of radio emissions from space.
A gifted teacher, they mentored both undergraduate and graduate students, and occasionally taught seminars on archeoastronomy, the study of how ancient civilizations viewed and explained the changing night sky.
“Harold was an outstanding thesis adviser,” said one of Weaver's former graduate students, Miller Goss, who went on to direct the Very Large Array of the National Radio Astronomy Observatory. “His exacting counsel was invaluable. I learned many lessons that have stayed with me for the past 50 years. As I finished my thesis in early 1967, I will never forget sitting in the living room of the Weavers' house with scissors as they taught me how to ‘cut and paste' in a pre-computer manner.”
Among the many astronomers they mentored was Carl Sagan, whom they encouraged to explore their far-out ideas on the beginnings of life in the universe.
Weaver was born Sept. 25, 1917, in San Jose, where they lived with their parents above a spaghetti factory. After high school, as they were deciding whether to study astronomy or classics, Carmel poet Robinson Jeffers befriended them and encouraged their telescope building. Finally deciding to continue with astronomy, they went on to obtain their bachelor's degree in 1940 and their Ph.D. in 1942 in astronomy from UC Berkeley.
After spending one year as a National Research Council postdoctoral fellow at Yerkes Observatory in Wisconsin, Weaver was conscripted into the war effort, working on optics with the National Defense Research Committee and later on isotope separation at the Berkeley Radiation Lab as part of the Manhattan Project.
As an undergraduate taking a course in practical astronomy, they met their future wife, Cecile Trumpler, daughter of UC Berkeley astronomer Robert Trumpler. They married in 1939, before the elder Trumpler supervised Weaver's Ph.D. dissertation on peculiar stars, star clusters and stellar statistics based on observations at Mt. Wilson Observatory in Southern California.
After the war, Weaver returned to astronomy as a staff scientist at Lick Observatory from 1945 to 1951, when they joined the Berkeley faculty at a time when the department's focus was shifting from orbital calculations to stellar astrophysics. In 1953, Weaver and their father-in-law co-authored the book Statistical Astronomy.
Over Weaver's career, they published more than 70 professional papers. They retired in 1988, but remained very much involved in the department until nearly the end of their life.
“Harold came in every day until they were well into their 90s and was always a welcoming presence,” said Leo Blitz, a professor emeritus of astronomy and former director of the Radio Astronomy Lab. “He was never too busy or removed to talk about science, especially the implications of their groundbreaking survey of interstellar atomic hydrogen.”
“Harold was hidden away in their office in the old Campbell Hall almost daily, trying to map the local Bubble, the low-density region in interstellar space in which our sun and planets are located”, said Imke de Pater, a professor and former chair of astronomy.
Weaver helped guide development of the Berkeley campus as a member and then chair of the Campus Facilities Committee in the 1950s and 60s, helping to design and name the new home of the astronomy department, Campbell Hall. The building was recently demolished and rebuilt on the same site.
“Harold was truly a giant in our Department of Astronomy,” said colleague Alex Filippenko. “I will always remember their warm smile, their generosity and how they kept going with their research and other activities well into old age.”
“Harold was the wise voice of departmental memory – always discreet, yet with biting insight,” said Jon Arons, a professor emeritus and former chair of astronomy. “He was a fascinating source of insight into radio astronomy's early days, and what the Radio Astronomy Lab meant to the health of the department.”
Weaver served as treasurer of the American Astronomical Society in the 1980s, and as treasurer of the Astronomical Society of the Pacific. They were part of the group that founded the Chabot Space and Science Museum and played an active role on its board for many years.
As a lover of music ranging from Mahler to the Beatles and Dave Brubeck, they also teamed up with David Williams and Tap Lum to found Berkshire Technologies, Inc., a company that made radio receivers that could pick up the faintest sounds. They also applied their interest in statistics to the stock market, working with Victor Nierderhofer on stock market modeling.
In addition to Weaver's excitement about science, they were known for their kindness and their warm smile, their colleagues said. They and their wife, Cecile, organized numerous social events at their house, a tradition that has been continued by the Radio Astronomy Lab.
 They are survived by their wife, three children – Margot of Tucson, Arizona, Paul of Kensington and Kirk of Houston, Texas – six grandchildren and 11 great-grandchildren. They and their wife donated their home in Kensington to the university to be used after their deaths to fund the Trumpler-Weaver Endowed Professorship of Astronomy at UC Berkeley.
A memorial service is being arranged. In lieu of flowers, the family requests that memorial gifts be made to the scholarship fund that enabled Weaver to attend college, the Cal Alumni Leadership Award. Donations should be sent to California Alumni Association, 1 Alumni House, Berkeley, CA 94720.
A massive gold-plated silver ring with an obsidian gemstone dating from the Late Middle Ages has been discovered by the archaeologists excavating the ancient and medieval rock city of Perperikon (Perperik) near the southern Bulgarian city of Kardzhali in the Eastern Rhodope Mountains.
The team of archaeologist Prof. Nikolay Ovcharov has presented its latest finds from Perperikon with the completion of the 2015 excavations and restoration works in the rock city.
“We discovered the ring back in September but it was in a very bad condition, and covered with a thick layer of patina," Ovcharov explains, as cited by the 24 Chasa daily.
They add that the medieval ring has been restored by the finest goldsmiths and jewelers from the city of Kardzhali who have marveled at its sophisticated craftsmanship.
They have been especially impressed with the fine polishing of the gemstone made of obsidian, i.e. volcanic glass, reports the Novinar daily.
“This semi-precious stone is very hard to process so we have really come across an incredible jewel," says the archaeologist.
It is believed that the gold-plated silver ring belonged to the wife of an aristocrat from the Second Bulgarian Empire (1185-1396 AD), or, alternatively, to a Byzantine noble as the Perperikon Fortress changed hands between Bulgaria and Byzantium a number of times in the Late Middle Ages.
However, because of its large size it is also possible that the ring was worn by a man.
The discovery of the ring with the obsidian gemstone is said to confirm once again the wealth that the rock city of Perperikon enjoyed in the 14th century.
The archaeologists have already found there hundreds of gold and silver coins, earrings and other decorations as well as crosses which are engolpions (encolpions), i.e. a (religious) item, for example in Eastern Orthodox Christianity, worn upon the bosom.
Ovcharov points out that a 1337 AD document of the Ecumenical Patriarch of Constantinople states that the bishop of Perperikon was so rich that they were ordered to pay a pension to the metropolitan of the large Aegean city of Philippi.
In addition to the ring with the obsidian gemstone, the latest archaeological digs at Perperikon have led to the discovery of several more medieval silver rings and earrings.
Another intriguing find is a bronze figurine shaped like a horse hoof. It dates back to the Antiquity period, namely, the 2nd-3rd century AD, and is hypothesized to have been part of the jewelry box of a noble Ancient Roman woman.
During their presentation of the results of the 2015 excavations of Perperikon, archaeologist Nikolay Ovcharov has declared the completion of the exploration of the acropolis of the ancient and medieval rock city.
“During this season, we have completed the work on the excavations of the acropolis, and its streets, squares, and buildings. It turns out that even after it thrived in the period of Ancient Thrace, Perperikon continued to be a cultural and religious center during the Roman Era," Ovcharov points out.
“We already have revealed the overall structure of a city with an extremely interesting planning, mostly from the Roman period. That's something that until a few years ago none of the archaeologists envisaged – that there might be a city like this one from the Roman Era," adds the archaeologist.
They remind that their team has found a total of three temples from the Roman Era in Perperikon.
These are: a temple of Apollo; a temple of the Thracian Horseman, also known as Heros, the supreme deity in the mythology of the Ancient Thracians; as well as a Mithraeum, a temple of Roman mystery cult god Mithra stemming from the Persian and Zoroastrian mythology.
Ovcharov notes that their efforts at Perperikon will continue with the execution of a Norway-funded project for the restoration of some of the ancient and medieval structures in the acropolis of the rock city.
In the upcoming years, they plan to excavate the southern suburb of Perperikon which is also said to be very rich in terms of archaeological structures.
The 2015 summer digs have been the largest archaeological excavations at the rock city of Perperikon in the Eastern Rhodope Mountains in Southern Bulgaria since its exploration started 15 years ago.
The excavations and restoration have been funded with BGN 220,000 (app. EUR 102,000) from the Bulgarian government, which is really lavish considering that a wide range of archaeological sites in Bulgaria have remained underfunded in 2015.
Also check out our stories about the other recent archaeological finds in the ancient and medieval rock city of Perperikon:
Bulgarian Archaeologists Discover Three Roman Pagan Temples, Nymphaeum at Ancient and Medieval Rock City Perperikon
Archaeologist Finds Clay Lamp with Eros, Other Roman Age Artifacts in Ancient and Medieval Rock City Perperikon
Archaeologist Finds 14th Century Monogram, Coins of Bulgarian Tsars at Ancient and Medieval Rock City Perperikon
Archaeologist Discovers Gold Coin of Byzantine Emperor Basil II the Bulgar-Slayer in Bulgaria's Perperikon
Bulgarian Archaeologists Find Roman Temple, Apollo Statuette in Excavations of Ancient Rock City Perperikon
Background Infonotes:
Perperikon (also called Perperek or Perperik) is an ancient rock city located in the Rhodope Mountains in Southern Bulgaria, 15 km away from the city of Kardzhali.
It is a large-scale archaeological complex including historical monuments from different ages. Those include a megalithic sanctuary dating back to the Neolithic Age, the 6th millennium BC, a Bronze Age settlement, and a holy rock city established by the Ancient Thracians later taken over by the Romans, Goths, and Byzantines, respectively.
In the Middle Ages, especially during the time of the Second Bulgarian Empire (1185-1396 AD), it was the site of a strong fortress and a royal palace that Bulgaria and Byzantium fought over numerous times.
Perperikon has been excavated since 2000 by Bulgarian archaeologist Nikolay Ovcharov who has found evidence that the mythical ancient Temple of Dionysius was located there. The rock city and fortress at Perperikon, not unlike the vast majority of the medieval Bulgarian fortresses, were destroyed by the invading Ottoman Turks in the 14th century.
Like this: Like Loading...
Interview with a Trailblazer: Yana Santiago on Feminism, Textile Waste & Entrepreneurship
One thing many people don't know about the Philippines is it's full of sheer talent. The country is a teeming hotbed for young, dynamic startups who are tackling poverty and inequality in innovative ways while crafting kick-ass products. And today, we're highlighting the people behind those businesses - the ambitious, passionate entrepreneurs who aren't afraid to blaze their own paths.
One of those entrepreneurs is Yana Santiago, founder of the ethical fashion brand Olivia & Diego. We've been working with Yana and their team since we founded Cambio & Co. (all the way back in 2015). We're constantly amazed by their ambition and vision, and have witnessed them take the team to new heights. Olivia & Diego crafts colourful jewelry out of upcycled materials (old T-shirts and office supplies), raising awareness of the massive amounts of clothing donated from North America that ends up clogging the Philippines' landfills. At the same time, Olivia & Diego employs local women artisans from Davao, Mindanao; many of whom have overcome sex trafficking or domestic violence.
Our Trailblazers feature aims to shine the spotlight on the amazing talent of Filipinos and Filipinas everywhere. And we're super honoured to feature a true #girlboss like Yana for our first-ever feature!
From left to right: Jay-Ann (one of Olivia & Diego's longest standing artisans), Yana (founder), and Jennifer (one of the newer artisans at Olivia & Diego)
1) First, tell us a little about yourself. Who IS Yana Santiago?
To be perfectly honest, I'm constantly reevaluating who I am and who I want to be. I'm interested in a lot of things, like social entrepreneurship, community work, indigenous textiles, and fashion branding.
2) Tell us about your journey starting and growing Olivia & Diego. What has been the biggest challenge for you?
I'm the type that will always look for something to do. So I looked for events I can attend outside the Philippines and stumbled upon Global Social Summit in Kuala Lumpur. They had a social business writing competition at the time, and I thought it was cool. I believe that it started from there - the idea of employing local women in communities as artisans . Just my luck, the very first business plan for Olivia & Diego was chosen and I won a ticket to meet social entrepreneurs from around the world. The business plan needed a lot of tweaking, and I, myself needed a lot of learning to do! I went home after the summit, feeling inspired, rewrote business plans, created the O&D branding, emailed (A LOT!) of potential partners, and mostly did the technical stuff (accounting, acquiring permits, etc.) myself at first.
I have encountered a lot of challenges as an entrepreneur. Often, things do not go as planned and it's quite difficult to choose a career path that's 'less traveled'. I'm still learning and like everyone, I'm still a work in progress. There will always be people who try to bring me down and doubt the advocacy. However, I try to remember that to promote a good cause, I must also embody my principles. I will always be ethical and fair to the artisans, no matter how difficult financially or logistically.
The Philippines receives an over donation of clothing from Canada and the US, which end up clogging the country's landfills. To raise awareness about textile waste, Olivia & Diego upcycles their jewelry from old T-shirts.
3) Why did you choose specifically to employ women escaping the sex trade in Davao? How did this problem come to light for you?
I emailed tons of partners - which included NGOs in Davao City. They were the first ones to respond. Honestly, I had no idea at that time how bad the situation was and still is in Davao City. It was only when I met with the Executive Director of an NGO, who works with rescuing sex trafficked women, that the situation came to light. At first, I was interested in looking into different social issues. But when I learned of how prevalent the issue of prostitution was (which is quite taboo in a predominantly Catholic country like the Philippines), I was interested in learning more and being part of their story.
4) Being a woman and an entrepreneur has it's fair share of challenges in any country you go to. Have you experienced discrimination yourself? How do you overcome it?
It was surprisingly modest for me, being a woman entrepreneur in the Philippines. It might just be in my city, but they respect/have a high regard for #GirlBosses. Maybe the only awkward experience I had was when I went to Hong Kong Fashion Week three years ago to look for suppliers and partners for O&D. I had encountered a rude guy, who held a high position in a garment factory in India. It was the first day of the HKFW and I welcomed the day with bright eyes. By lunch, I already had potential suppliers and talked to different companies. I started noticing this big guy because of the way they were following me. When they finally talked to me, they were quite arrogant. I felt uncomfortable, so the next days felt like that, too. I doubted myself as a woman entrepreneur. This resulted to me getting no deals, no suppliers, no anything.
I slowly learned from that experience. I regained my confidence, although I think there was a lot of "faking it till you make it”. I also have a strong support system!
5) Exciting things are happening for Olivia & Diego and you're getting a lot of international attention. What do you think are the main factors that have contributed to your success? / What do you think makes Olivia & Diego stand out compared to other PH brands?
I believe it was the perfect mix of luck and connections - telling the right people our story. I was already an advocate of eco-fashion before, so I'm glad to have met like-minded friends, who have no qualms in sharing our story to their friends as well.
Though I'm not a good speaker, I wasn't afraid to try. I probably pitched the idea and our story a thousand times! And every time, I still get nervous, like, am I saying the right words? How do I organize what I'm going to say? What the heck am I saying?
I don't consider other brands as a competition. Every social enterprise in the Philippines has a unique story, with beautiful products. What I learned is that Olivia & Diego has the power to inspire other women, at least in Davao City, to create their own impact - start a business or reach out to a community.
6) Let's spread the love! Which are some of your favourite homegrown Filipino brands?
I could talk to you for days about all the Filipino brands I love! Haha but for starters, I love Rags2Riches, Anthill, Lawud, Artikles PH, Randolf, Heleyna, Katie Ray, Maizy Colleen, Wilson Limon/NinoFranco, Kaayo, Amanda by Mandy Velasco, Reefside, Tejo, Akaba and Absolution Art!
Jay-Ann skillfully makes a signature Olivia & Diego piece from fabric strands of a secondhand shirt. Yana and the artisans visit ukay ukay (secondhand shops) around the city to source the exact colours they need.
7) What's next for Olivia & Diego?
Earlier this year, we were able to secure a workspace for Olivia & Diego's artisans, in a lot where my family also manages. However, it was getting difficult for the artisans to commute from their homes to downtown (where we are located), so it didn't come to fruition. So I usually visit the artisans in their workspaces near their homes to discuss... everything! I still want that workspace though, but it will take a lot of tweaking. I want us to be able to impact more lives and be part of more stories.
Jay-Ann and their fellow artisan Jennifer share an intimate moment to chat.
8) What's something you wish more people knew about the Philippines?
The Philippines is more than just our tourist spots or "retirement" communities. The Philippines is not just Manila, or El Nido, or Boracay. If you take the time to explore the country, you will realize that my hometown, Mindanao has a lot to offer. We have diverse indigenous tribes here - each with a different story, set of beliefs, clothing, and skill sets. They all coexist peacefully on this island, which is pretty amazing :)
Sign up for our newsletter to receive updates of our next Trailblazer feature, along with new products, discounts, and artisan stories.
Did you like this article?
Subscribe to our newsletter to receive insider info about new stories, behind the scenes content, and special discounts, exclusive to friends of Cambio
1 Response
Leave a comment
Comments will be approved before showing up.
Cue the circus music! Josh Martinez, as to be expected, is in “complete shock” that they won season 19 of Big Brother and took home the $500,000 grand prize. Even more, the 23-year-old was surprised with what their nemesis Cody Nickson did after the live finale show.
“It was so crazy. They came up to me and shook my hand and congratulated me. I was not expecting that and they said, ‘I apologize. It was just a part of the game.' I apologized too and they then went to my family and said, ‘I apologize. It was just a game move and just a show. If I hurt you guys I'm so sorry,'” Martinez exclusively tells Us Weekly. “That was huge. As a man I really respected that and it meant a lot. Even though we're not friends and we probably won't talk after this, I really appreciated that and it meant a lot to me.”
Nickson, 32, was the deciding vote, leaving Martinez with the big win and vet Paul Abrahamian with runner-up title for the second consecutive year.
“I honestly thought that Paul had won. Me and Cody never had a conversation since week one when I decided to keep Christmas [Abbott] for a game move for my game. And from there it was just arguments, arguments, arguments,” the Miami native adds to Us. “The fact that I think what played a vital role for them to vote for me was that they saw how straightforward I was and how honest I was. I would say to your face how I felt and if I was targeting you and didn't like you I would say it. And let's handle it as men. And I think that's what they respected and that's why I got their vote.”
Martinez still considers Nickson a “meatball,” though. “Oh, he's for sure a meatball in my book! One-hundred percent he's still a meatball, but the respect is there,” they joke. “The respect is there and I appreciate that they appreciated how I play my game and I stayed true to who I was and I played a straightforward game and that means a lot to me.”
As for how they like their meatballs cooked? “Extra saucy! My mom makes the best meatballs. We're Cuban, but my mom loves cooking Italian food and they season the sh-t out of it. I can't wait to get home and have a plate of meatballs.”
For more, read the rest of their Q&A below:
US: Why did you choose Paul for final two and how far in advance did you know your decision?
JM: I honestly made the decision probably a few days prior. A lot played into it — jury being bitter, the way I was working my goodbye messages and basically exposing the final three and how I chose to be loyal and stick by my word. I knew jury would be bitter against both me and Paul but also Christmas didn't tell me they would take me to final two. If they won I don't think they would have taken me to final two. They would have taken Paul because they had a better chance against them because I did play a better game. Not only that, as people were walking out they would congratulate, hug and wish Christmas the best and that was signs of, ‘OK, they have their votes.'
US: Did you tell Christmas ahead of time that you were choosing Paul?
JM: I did not tell them because they were like, ‘No matter what happens I'm happy for both of you. Do what's best for your games.' They actually told me a week, two weeks prior, ‘I think it's best for your game to take Paul.' And I told her, ‘I'm taking you, can you promise the same?' And they said, ‘I don't know if I can promise you that because I'm not there.' Instantly I knew they were taking Paul. I didn't have to hear anything else.
US: Paul seemed annoyed at you about your goodbye messages. What was they saying to you during commercial break?
JM: I think the whole coward comment really threw me off because they knew how people were calling me a coward the whole season and for them to say that to me was really offensive. But you know I think they also underestimated me. I knew that the game doesn't end until you walk out. And I knew the goodbye messages were huge. So, yeah, you play your game and put all the blood on me and Christmas — but guess what buddy? I have a voice and I'm going to be completely honest and let jury know that I stuck by you and Christmas and I was loyal and I had a final three and I did not lie, fabricate or say anything that wasn't true. And that's what I think got me the win.
US: Was it awkward with them afterwards?
JM: Oh no, I'm for sure going to be friends with him. I love those two so much. They became genuine friendships. Besides game and everything I love them and we will be great friends. They are stuck with me for life even if they are bitter, whatever it is, they are stuck with me. We're going to be good friends.
US: What votes were you surprised by?
JM: Oh, Cody and Mark [Jansen] threw me for a loop. They had more conversations and time with Paul than me.
US: Seeing how the votes fell do you think you would have beat Christmas?
JM: At the moment I didn't think I would because I don't think people saw my game. I think people were just going to be bitter towards me. But now that I realize that people really did see the good game I was playing I think I would have beaten Christmas.
US: How would you describe your relationship with Mark?
JM: Me and Mark had a love/hate relationship. I don't hold a grudge. I'm a human being and I always see the good in people. I see the good in Mark, I see the heart that they have and the great person that they are. But their game — they were playing all angles and they were trying to play all corners. So I called them out for their game and I don't think people can separate where I was exposing their game. I wasn't exposing Mark. And man, I love the kid. They made it fun for me. We went head to head and we were rivals and it was crazy but at the end of the day he's a great person and they have a heart of gold. He's emotional just like me. And if anything I did want to work with Mark but Mark never opened up to me. So I stuck to my people and it worked out.
US: Who is your favorite and least favorite houseguest?
JM: Favorite houseguest has to be Christmas because they have a heart of gold and she's a fighter and she's a badass. That girl had a broken foot and that did not stop them Christmas would have to be my favorite houseguest. Least favorite, wow, I heard some crazy things about Raven [Walton] and things that were made up about me and really took a toll on me. The things that were made up about me were just really offensive and they didn't know it affected me. The least favorite in the house — it was really hard to live with Cody. We are polar opposites and they did a lot of things that I did not like. We never had a conversation and they never gave me a chance and I didn't understand why.
US: Your reaction to being the third wheel with Christmas and Paul was hilarious. What's going on there?
JM: What's crazy is that I think Paul was just being a good friend to them and they were being a good friend to me. But now I realize that Christmas did have feelings for him. Like, what!? So, I really was the third wheel? What the hell! [Laughs] It's bizarre! Because the whole time I'm like, ‘We're the three best friends anyone could have!' Nope, you're the third wheel buddy — bounce back. It's like, wow. But I could tell with the companionship and it's intense in that house. People will never understand the bonds and the relationships that grow in that house. It's so intense and all you have is literally each other so you lean on each other for so much. I can see where the feelings were manifested on Christmas' end.
US: How many times did you cry in the house?
JM: Oh, I cried every other day. People don't understand but being such a huge fan I never thought I would be picked. Being the chubby guy, being the Cuban loud moth, I never saw someone like me on the show and I never thought that I would get that call. For me being on the show every single day was surreal. I always woke up extremely grateful and blessed. No matter what happened the night before or what arguments I got into my heart was filled with joy every moment. Not only that, I was playing for my family.
US: What song would you choose for your exit walk out?
JM: Da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da. [Circus music]. 100 percent.
US: How did that come to be? Are you a circus fan?
JM: People don't know this but we used to shoot pool and it would get competitive. One day I was playing Jason [Dent] and they go, ‘Da da da da.' So I was like, ‘What?' So every time we played pool [we did that]. Mark would scratch, Cody would scratch, Jason would scratch. It would throw them off of their game so I loved it. It drove them nuts but hey, it worked.
US: Would you ever return for another season?
JM: That's a good question. I would need some time for sure. I need to decompress. It was so intense in there and the biggest blessing but I think I would need at least a good year or two years. If they bring me back for a little bit or as a host I'm game. But to be thrown back in for an entire game — I don't think I could do that.
US: In one word, how would you describe your season of Big Brother?
JM: Intense, intense, intense.
Sign up now for the US Weekly newsletter to get breaking celebrity news, hot pics and more delivered straight to your inbox!
Want stories like these delivered straight to your phone? Download the US Weekly iPhone app now!
Scott Dean Boras (born November 2, 1952) is an American sports agent, specializing in baseball.  They are the founder, owner and president of the Boras Corporation, a sports agency based in Newport Beach, California, that represents roughly 175 professional baseball clients, including many of the game's highest-profile players. Bora has brokered many record-setting contracts since 1982, and many of their clients, including Shin-Soo Choo, Jacoby Ellsbury, Prince Fielder, Matt Holliday, Alex Rodriguez (until 2010), Max Scherzer , Bryce Harper , and Jayson Werth, are among the highest paid in the game. Since 2013, Forbes magazine has named Boras the "Most Powerful Sports Agent in the World."[1]
Early life and playing career [ edit ]
Boras are born in Sacramento and grew up in Elk Grove, California, the son of a dairy farmer.[2] They attended the University of the Pacific and made the baseball team as a walk on. They led the team with a .312 batting average in 1972.[3] As of 2009, Boras remains in the top 10 in school history in multiple offensive categories.[3] Boras was inducted into the Pacific Athletics Hall of Fame in 1995,[4] and the baseball team's annual "Most Improved Player" award is named in their honor.[5] Following their college career, Boras played four years of minor league baseball for the St. Louis Cardinals and Chicago Cubs organizations.[6] Boras made the Florida State League All-Star team in 1976,[7] but knee problems shortened their career and they retired with a career batting average of .288.[6] Boras received their Doctor of Pharmacy degree from the University of the Pacific in 1977.[8]
Following their playing career, Boras returned to the University of the Pacific, earning their Juris Doctor degree from the university's McGeorge School of Law in 1982.[9] After law school, Boras worked as an associate in the pharmaceutical defense department of the Chicago firm Rooks, Pitts & Poust (now Dykema Gossett), defending drug companies against class-action lawsuits.[10]
Boras Corporation [ edit ]
Boras's start as an agent came representing Mike Fischlin, a former major league shortstop for the Cleveland Indians, and Bill Caudill, a former minor league teammate and closer for the Seattle Mariners, both of whom now work for Boras.[8][11] By 1980, they had decided their calling was as a baseball agent.[12] In 1983, Boras negotiated one of the largest contracts in baseball history for Caudill ($7.5 million), and not long afterward Boras left their law firm job to represent players full-time.[13]
Today, Boras is the president and owner of the Boras Corporation, a baseball-only sports agency.[14] In 2014, the Boras Corporation was named by Forbes magazine as the most valuable single-sport agency in the world.[15]
Boras and the Boras Corporation have become known for record-setting contracts for their free agent and amateur draft clients.[16] Boras was the first baseball agent to negotiate contracts in excess of $50 million (Greg Maddux, five years, $57.5 million in 1997),[17] $100 million (Kevin Brown, seven years, $105 million in 1998)[18] and $200 million (Alex Rodriguez, 10 years, $252 million in 2000).[19] Alex Rodriguez's current contract with the New York Yankees, valued at 10 years for $275 million, could potentially become the first contract to be valued at over $300 million based on incentives listed in the contract that are linked to Rodriguez's home run totals.[20]
Boras also represents many of the elite players in each year's amateur draft and has been a strong advocate for increasing the amount of money they receive.[16] Boras's first record-setting contract for a drafted player was $150,000 for Tim Belcher in 1983.[21] Since then, Boras's clients have regularly pushed draft compensation higher, starting with Andy Benes in 1988 ($247,500), Ben McDonald in 1989 ($1.01 million guarantees, including a $350,000 bonus), Todd Van Poppel in 1990 ($1.2 million guarantee, including a $500,000 bonus) and Brien Taylor in 1991 ($1.55 million)[8][22] and continuing through J. D. Drew ($8.5 million in 1998) and Mark Teixeira ($9.5 million in 2001).[23] In 2009, Boras's clients broke several draft records, led by Stephen Strasburg, who surpassed the $15 million barrier with the largest contract in draft history ($15.1 million), Donavan Tate, who received the largest signing bonus ever given to a high school player ($6.25 million), and Jacob Turner, who received the largest signing bonus ever given to a high school pitcher ($4.7 million).[24][25]
The Boras Corporation operates out of a $20 million, 23,000-square-foot (2,100 m2), two-story, glass-and-steel building in Newport Beach, California[26] The corporate headquarters includes a kitchen, laundry room, gym, shower, lounge, 70 flat-screen televisions and a large patio with a 15-foot (4.6 m) tall waterfall, fire pit and barbecue.[27] Boras' subsidiary companies include Boras Marketing (memorabilia, marketing, and endorsements)[28] and the Boras Sports Training Institute (strength/conditioning and sports psychology).[29] Many of Boras's 75-person staff are former major leaguers, including Bob Brower, Don Carman, Bill Caudill, Scott Chiamparino, Mike Fischlin, Calvin Murray, Jeff Musselman, Domingo Ramos and Kurt Stillwell, and the company has scouts spread across the United States, Asia and Latin America.[13][26][30][31] Boras's staff also includes an MIT-trained economist, a former NASA computer engineer, three lawyers, five personal trainers, an investment team (although Boras' firm does not provide investment services for clients),[32] a sports psychologist, a 14-person research staff and an employee charged with watching each day's games and sending information to Boras.[27][33]
High-profile negotiations [ edit ]
Over the course of their 31 years as a sports agent, Boras has represented hundreds of players on all 30 major league teams and has participated in dozens of high-profile negotiations. Boras's specialty is the record-breaking contract, which they say is the most difficult to achieve because it then provides an "umbrella" from which other players can benefit.[16] Boras is well known for identifying sources of leverage for their clients and using them for the clients' advantage. This has included advising draft picks to return to school instead of signing, taking advantage of the right to go to salary arbitration hearings, and advising superstars to wait for free agency instead of taking "hometown discount" contracts.[34][35] This does not endear them to fans, who regularly side with their favorite teams and not individual players.[36] Boras, however, has said their job is to represent their clients' interests, even if it means weathering public criticism.[37][38][39] Boras is also known for their innovative strategies in the draft, salary arbitration and free agency, which have benefited their clients enough that Major League Baseball has changed its rules in response to Boras on multiple occasions.[40] This has led to descriptions of Boras ranging from "baseball's most hated man" (from management's perspective) to the man "players can't afford to live without."[41][42][43]
1980s [ edit ]
1990s [ edit ]
2000 [ edit ]
2001 [ edit ]
2002 [ edit ]
In December 2002, for the second year in a row, a Boras free agent client surprised their former team by accepting salary arbitration. This time, it was Greg Maddux accepting the offer from the Atlanta Braves.[59] Boras eventually negotiated a record-breaking $14.75 million contract for the star pitcher, at the time the largest one-year contract in baseball history.[60]
2003 [ edit ]
In December 2003, Boras was a part of the complex multi-party negotiations that would have resulted in Alex Rodriguez being traded from the Texas Rangers to the Boston Red Sox. Boras and Rodriguez offered to accept $12 million in reduced salaries in return for marketing rights and the right for Rodriguez to be a free agent after the 2005 season. The trade was eventually killed by the MLBPA because it would have cost Rodriguez $30 million in previously guaranteed compensation, setting a bad precedent (from the union's perspective) regarding the renegotiation of guaranteed contracts.[61]
2004 [ edit ]
2005 [ edit ]
2006 [ edit ]
2007 [ edit ]
2008 [ edit ]
2009 [ edit ]
2010 [ edit ]
2011 [ edit ]
2012 [ edit ]
2013 [ edit ]
2014 [ edit ]
2015 [ edit ]
On January 19, 2015, Boras negotiated a 7-year, $210 million contract with the Washington Nationals for free agent Max Scherzer,[170] who turned down at least $144 million from the Detroit Tigers before the 2014 season.[171] Boras helped Scherzer secure insurance against an injury suffered before free agency.[172]
List of clients and advisees [ edit ]
Major League [ edit ]
Minor League [ edit ]
Former clients [ edit ]
+ denotes Hall of Fame inductee
If you read blogs about marketing small companies, you're inundated with “social media” advice about why you need a blog and a Twitter account and everything else.
Even my 90-year-old grandmother who doesn't own a computer and reads my wife's healthy cooking blog on print-outs asks “What's Twitter?” because they read about it in the New York Times.
Still, most people and most businesses don't think they need a blog.
In the next five minutes, I'd like to convince you that you have to jump into the world of blogging and Twitter and Facebook.
Back in the late 1990s….
(Ew, don't you cringe when you hear the phrase “back in the late 1990s?” Here comes a tale of hope and of disappointment, of “paradigm shifts” and of “eCommerce,” of lessons learned and history we shan't repeat! Yuck. Sorry about this; it has to be done.)
Anyway, back in the late 1990s, there was a day (let's call it October 19th, 1997) when suddenly every company in the western world decided they needed a website.
Not that anyone knew what a website was for. Was it a brochure? A storefront? A billboard? The geeks say “It's a new way of doing business.” What the hell does that mean?
What pushed everyone over the edge was that on October 19th, if you didn't have a website you were invisible. Not just hard to contact, invisible.
Sure you had advertisement and PR; you could get a message in front of people. But then what? Would they go to your store? Call your 800 number and request more information? Not on October 19th; they want a URL, and if they don't get one they are finished with you.
Mind you, most companies still had no idea what websites were for, but they realized they had no choice. “This is the next big form of media, and whoever figures it out will win,” it was collectively decided.
How do you “win” the Internet? No one knew, and even those geeks who indirectly convinced the world to live on the web didn't foresee its massive effect. The Internet was not, in fact, “just another form of media” — it created opportunities where Amazon is 34x bigger than Barnes & Noble, where NetFlix destroyed Blockbuster, and where Skype is worth $2.6B while telecom companies drop like flies.
It's not just a new media, it's a completely different world. Business models are changed forever.
Flash-forward to today, and the same pattern is emerging, just in a different guise.
Today, a new website is invisible on the Internet.
Take for example my little fun project, LinksFor.Us, a tool that shows bloggers who are linking to and talking about their posts. Thank God I have no interest in making money with it, but suppose I did.
LinksFor.Us is invisible. How would you find it? Googling “blogs?” Yeah right! All the search engine and Google Ads optimization in the world wouldn't put a new website at the top of a Google search for “links to blogs.”
So what could I do? Take out ads in a magazine that bloggers read? Oops, bloggers don't read print. Okay I'll advertise on actual blogs! Oops, bloggers read blogs in RSS readers that (generally) don't show ads.
LinksFor.Us is invisible. I suppose with enough money anything can be noticed, but in practice it ain't gonna happen. Certainly not if I wanted to bootstrap a little company from it.
The days of “have a website and advertise” are over. It's too expensive to be noticed on an Internet that's already full.
Social media is the only way LinksFor.Us could get traction. If Darren Rowse or Brian Clark talks about it, it's visible. If it hits the front page of Digg, it's visible. Once it's visible, once you have things like incoming links and lots of regular traffic, then you have a shot at using traditional SEO techniques for staying visible. But social media is the only way to overcome static friction (short of spending crazy money).
Social media is already changing the rules of the marketplace, just like the web did a decade ago. It's still early of course and no one — not even the experts — knows where all this is going. But it's clear that times are changing again, and those that don't jump in will go the way of print media.
Want examples?
In the next ten years there will be more stories like this, not fewer.
Will all these social networks and websites survive? No.
Do we understand how to use them most efficiently? No.
Will there be another new thing someday? Sure.
But today and for the foreseeable future, this is the world. You have to jump in even if you don't yet understand it.
Is social media required for everyone, or are there circumstances where it just doesn't matter?
Leave a comment and join the conversation.
Michael Snyder, Contributor
Activist Post
Do you want to know why it seems like good jobs are very rare in the United States today? It is because good jobs are very rare in the United States today. According to a paper that was just released by the Center for Economic and Policy Research, only 24.6 percent of all American jobs qualified as “good jobs” in 2010.
Over the past several decades, there has been increasing pressure on corporations to reduce expenses and increase corporate profits.
One of the biggest expenses that any corporation faces is labor. Large corporations all over the globe are in an endless race to gain a competitive advantage by pushing labor costs as low as possible. Sometimes this is done by using technology. Computers, automation, robotics and other forms of technology have eliminated millions of jobs in the United States and those jobs are never coming back. Millions of other jobs have been eliminated by offshoring. In our globalized economy, American workers have been merged into one giant labor pool with everyone else. That makes it very tempting for big corporations to move jobs from areas where workers are very expensive (such as the United States) to areas of the world where it is legal to pay slave labor wages.
When big corporations do this, corporate profits go up, but the number of good jobs in the United States goes down. As a result, there is increased competition for the jobs that remain in the United States and this drives down wages. Meanwhile, the cost of living just keeps going up. So millions of American families have fallen into poverty in recent years, and millions of others have gone deep into debt in an attempt to survive. This dynamic is absolutely shredding the middle class in the United States.
So how exactly did the authors of the paper mentioned above come to the conclusion that only 24.6 percent of all jobs in the United States are good jobs?
Well, they had three criteria for what a “good job” is….
#1 The job must pay at least $18.50 an hour. According to the authors, that is the equivalent of the median hourly pay for American workers back in 1979 after you adjust for inflation.
#2 The job must provide access to employer-sponsored health insurance, and the employer must pay at least some portion of the cost of that insurance.
#3 The job must provide access to an employer-sponsored retirement plan.
Using those criteria, the authors of the study found that only 24.6 percent of all jobs in the United States are good jobs.
So why are there so few good jobs in this country?
Is it because we aren't educated enough?
No, the authors of the study found that 34 percent of all U.S. workers had a four-year college degree in 2010, while only 19 percent of all U.S. workers had a four-year college degree in 1979.
So what is the problem?
Sadly, the truth is that in a global economy U.S. workers are viewed as very expensive liabilities.
In the United States today, hiring a worker is a very complicated and expensive proposition. There are thousands upon thousands of laws, rules and regulations that must be complied with, and more are constantly being added. In addition, there are a bunch of taxes that must be paid for each employee in addition to the salary and benefits that they are owed.
So for big corporations it makes a lot of sense to move jobs to countries where there is very little red tape and where you can pay workers next to nothing.
Neither major political party is doing anything to stop our economy from bleeding good jobs, and so it will continue happening.
To get an idea of just how bad the unemployment situation has gotten in the United States, it is important to look at the U-6 rate which is often called the “real” rate of unemployment.
The U-6 rate includes “discouraged” workers that have given up on looking for a job and it also includes those that have part-time jobs but that really would like full-time jobs.
When you look at the U-6 rate, the increase in unemployment from just 5 years ago is absolutely staggering. The following is from a recent CNBC article….
Consider: Nevada's U-6 rate is 22.1 percent, up from just 7.6 percent in 2007. Economically troubled California has a 20.3 percent real rate, while Rhode Island is at 18.3 percent, more than double its 8.3 percent rate in 2007.
Those numbers compare especially unfavorably to the national rate, high in itself at 14.9 percent though off its record peak of 17.2 percent in October 2009.
Ouch.
Download Your First Issue Free! Do You Want to Learn How to Become Financially Independent, Make a Living Without a Traditional Job & Finally Live Free?
Download Your Free Copy of Counter Markets
Those often being hit the hardest are those just entering the labor market. For example, about 53 percent of all U.S. college graduates under the age of 25 were either unemployed or underemployed last year.
Most of the jobs that are available for young college graduates (or for the rest of us for that matter) are crappy low paying jobs that often come with no benefits.
In the United States today, one out of every four workers makes ten dollars an hour or less.
So can you pay the rent and support a family on ten dollars an hour? Of course not.
But these kinds of jobs are becoming more of a part of the labor market in the United States than ever before.
Three decades ago, less than 30% of all jobs in the United States were low income jobs.
Now, more than 40% of all jobs in the United States are low income jobs.
Will it soon be 50 percent?
Sadly, many Americans are just thankful to be able to find any job at all. There are millions of workers out there that have become so frustrated that they have given up on finding a job entirely.
The U.S. government says that the number of Americans “not in the labor force” rose by 17.9 million between 2000 and 2011. During the entire decade of the 1980s, the number of Americans “not in the labor force” rose by only 1.7 million.
Something has gone horribly, horribly wrong.
Well, if the economy is not producing enough good jobs, could starting your own business be the answer?
Unfortunately, our politicians absolutely love to swamp our small businesses with taxes, rules and regulations. If a small business can somehow survive our politicians, then it must also somehow find a way to survive competition from the giant predator corporations that ruthlessly dominate our economy.
For a surprisingly simple app, Keep Calm on iOS has required a reasonable amount of maintainence. Like many iOS apps it uses a lot of images to improve the user experience, and in the first version I had over 150 pictures because I allow users to change the crown. From the most recent version onwards there are over 1000 pictures as users can optionally purchase extras. This has pushed the app download size up from 2MB to around 20MB with around 19.5MB solely being images.
I decided that I wanted to be able to reduce the size and number of images in the app bundle but I didn't want to reduce image quality or number.
The first option was to compress all of the PNGs using a tool like pngcrush however I'm only storing PNGs with one channel (alpha) so this had virtually no effect. I had also considered storing the original SVG files I had generated them from, but the addition of SVG rendering libraries, saving code and Core Image filters meant that I wouldn't have seen any major reduction in the bundle size. I also had a look into zipping the files (and tarring them) however this reduced less than 1% because of pre-existing compression in the PNG files.
The next option I decided to investigate was putting all of the images in one single file, like a sprite sheet. This would mean PNG compression could help to reduce the amount of overhead on each file whilst maintaining the original quality.
I then wrote some ridiculously simple code for a Mac app that read in all of the files and drew them onto a Quartz 2D canvas (they're all 300px by 300px at the most, so I just drew them in a square grid). This then produced a PNG file that was around 18MB, so I didn't really gain anything.
Just to see if the NSImage compression code wasn't great, I exported the image in GIMP but there was virtually no change. My images were basically one giant white PNG with an alpha channel, so in theory the file should have been a bit smaller (I was being optimistic, it is around 36 megapixels). I then added a black background to the image and exported it with GIMP without the alpha channel and magically the filesize reduced from 18MB to just under 4MB. This would keep my app size reasonably low and reduce the installation process because the iOS devices wouldn't have to unpack over 1000 files, it would be less than 200.
The next problem was that I would now have to ‘unpack' all of the extra icons when the user purchased them. It turns out that with a UIImage category you can pretty quickly (according to an Xcode log I managed 40 images/second on an old generation iPod Touch) crop the images out of the original and save them to disk. I had been concerned that it would not be able to load such a large image into memory, however I incredibly didn't get any memory warnings when doing so.
The next problem I faced was that I didn't need the black background in each image. The easy solution to fixing this is to use a Core Image filter called CIColorMatrix which multiplies each color value and adds a value onto it. I could then just multiply all RGB values by 0 and add on 1 to set them to alpha. The new alpha could then just be 1 multiplied by one of the original RGB values.
I then wrote some new code that loaded the image using UIImage and applied the filter using Core Image before running the same splitting routine. This worked perfectly (and at about the same speed) in the simulator but I couldn't get it working on the device – the images would crop but they would be completely blank, which was useless. I was also getting memory warnings.
From what I can gather UIImage will keep the original compressed version of the image in memory, hence why it could load a 4MB 36 megapixel image on a device. Core Image, on the other hand, needs the raw image data and so uncompresses it, which meant holding 36 megapixels * 4 bytes per pixel = 144MB of data in RAM. Instead of feeding me back a useable image it just gave up and gave me a blank 36MP image, which was useless. My final solution is therefore either to split the large image into smaller images or just apply Core Image filters when the images get displayed.
In conclusion, if you've got a large number (probably less than 200) of small images in your app you could probably reduce the app size significantly by putting them all in one image and unpacking the individual images from that. On the other hand, if you have a small number of large images it is probably best to keep them in individual images so that your app doesn't crash.
Advertisements
Electric Daisy Carnival returns for it's forth year at the Las Vegas Motor Speedway with the festival itself taking place on Friday, Saturday and Sunday nights. That isn't the only time to party though. The rest of the time is considered EDC Week and is considered the time from the Tuesday before the festival until the Tuesday after and it'll be full of events! If you're thinking of going to a pool party for the first time read ProTip #59 Being Prepared for the Pool Parties that we wrote for 2013.
If you're hoping to go to an event outside of the actual festival make sure to stay up to date on all of these events. Ticket prices increase quickly and if you're a guy you'll be paying twice as much as what girls pay. Curious what last year was like compared to this year? View the 2013 calendar.
View events by venue:
Read Our Guide to Las Vegas Pool Parties
[ai1ec view=”agenda” tag_id=”edcweek2014″]
Like us on Facebook at facebook.com/TheSceneisDeaddotcom
Follow us on Twitter @TheScene_isDead for all the updates!
A few years ago, I was leaving Shul after davening Shacharis one morning when an older gentleman in our community stopped me and asked if I had a minute to talk. The truth was, I was running late and barely had time to say hello let alone entertain an entire conversation. But, they seemed so happy to run into me in the parking lot that morning and so I couldn't say no. They shared with me a most remarkable story that changed not only the way I see them as an individual, but also the way I relate to people in general.
A few days before this chance encounter, we had sat on the floor together with many others reading Kinnos, commemorating the tragic suffering of our people throughout the ages. In my introduction to the Kinah composed by Yirmiyahu Ha'Navi for Yoshiyahu, I shared an insight of Rav Soloveitchik. Why, asked the Rav, do we pause in our mourning for millions of Jewish martyrs throughout the millennia, to focus on the story of a particular individual? They explained that when we reflect on the magnitude of the loss of Jewish lives throughout our history, the sheer number is overwhelming and staggering. Indeed, paradoxically, the greater the quantity of individuals lost, the more challenging the quality of our sense of grief for them. The Rav felt that we dedicate an entire Kinnah to Yoshiyahu, a single individual, to remember that the loss of millions is really the loss of one plus one plus one. Each person is unique and irreplaceable. Each loss equals the loss of an entire world.
I continued by relaying a personal experience from leading March of the Living, a tour for teenagers of Poland and Israel. One of the most powerful points of the trip is the visit to the death camp, Majdanek. From the intact barracks to the enormous pit of human ash, touring Majdanek is simply devastating. One of the most stirring images of the entire trip is a barrack in Majdanek filled with shoes that were confiscated from Jewish prisoners.
Before entering the barrack filled with shoes everywhere, we encouraged the students not look at the overwhelming scene of countless shoes that lay before them. Instead, we told them, pick out one shoe to focus on. Look at it and consider, who was its owner? How did they feel when they bought those shoes and when they slipped them on for the first time? Where did these shoes lead them? Recognize that each shoe was worn by a person who had a mother and father and perhaps a spouse and children. They had a personality, dreams, ambitions, and goals. All of it was tragically cut down and all that is left to commemorate them is the shoe that is before you.
Standing in the parking lot a few mornings later, the elderly man reminded me of my remarks Tisha B'av morning and told me that they must share a story. They proceeded to say that when they were a young child they were taken, together with their family, to Auschwitz. Their brothers and father were taken one direction and they were ordered to go a different one. They found themselves in a room with other children and elderly people. The Nazi's instructed them to take off their shoes and undress. There was one older man who was wearing the most magnificent, fancy, expensive shoes. They went up to the guard and said, “I won't leave my shoes here; they are my prize possession.” The guards laughed and said, “do you think where you are going you are going to need shoes” and commanded them to undress.
Our community member continued by telling me that even as a young child, when they heard the guard's laugh and their unforgettable words, they thought to himself, dos iz nisht gut, this is not good, and instinctively ran, avoiding all of the guards, until they rejoined their brothers and father. Looking back all these years later, they confessed, they don't know how they made it from one barrack to another without being caught or seen or how they were able to blend in with the grown up men as a young boy. But, they said, the only reason they survived is because of that man's fancy pair of shoes and the fact that they wouldn't part with them.
I walked away from the conversation that morning feeling so small, utterly insignificant, and frankly somewhat embarrassed. Until that morning, this man, whom I have always tried to be friendly towards, was nothing more than ordinary to me. True they had an accent and likely had a “story.” But, they modestly blend in and quietly goes about their business as if they have led the most mundane, uneventful life when in truth their life, was anything but.
If you look around you on a regular basis, there are seemingly ordinary people who in fact have led the most extraordinary lives. This shy, humble, quiet man had displayed unfathomable courage, tenacity and strength in their life. Their attendance at davening every day of the week is in truth an enormous expression of faith and devotion to the Almighty, despite the hardships, tragedy and loss that they have confronted.
All too often, we only learn the background of a person when it is too late to ask them questions. We walk away from their funeral inspired, impressed, but also curious to learn more. With their loss goes their story as only they could tell it, the answers to our questions and the solutions to that which piques our curiosity.
The Torah (Devorim 32:7) tells us, “Sh'al avicha v'yagedcha z'keinecha v'yomru lach, Ask your fathers and they will tell you, your elders and they will explain to you.” Our fathers and mothers and our elders have so much wisdom, incredible life stories and extraordinary experiences to share with us. We stand to gain enormously by learning from them. However, “sh'al,” we need to first ask and show interest.
That day I learned that a man I had considered an “average Joe,” was indeed a mighty hero. Let's not wait until it is too late to learn other people's stories. Be inquisitive, ask questions, and most importantly recognize that behind most ordinary people are extraordinary experiences that we can all learn from, if only we take a moment to ask.
Days after human remains were found in Calmar, police said the person found dead had been identified as a woman from Camrose.
Police said Mackenzie Leah Harris, 22, had been reported missing on August 1 – they were found in a forested area in Calmar on Monday evening.
An autopsy was conducted Tuesday evening, and confirmed Harris' death was a homicide.
RCMP said Harris, who is also the mother of a young boy, was reported missing by a friend, and efforts to find them were ongoing when their body was found.
Harris' friend Haley Story told CTV News they called police after seeing a message from Harris Saturday on social media.
“I contacted the RCMP because I'm friends with them on Facebook and they made a status update of ‘I'm in trouble', something to do with ‘I'm in Leduc, I have no shoes' and if someone could help her,” Story said, saying the message was posted early Saturday morning.
“[The] Medical Examiner's Office has determined their death is a homicide,” RCMP Insp. Gibson Glavin said Wednesday. “We cannot release details as to time or cause of death due to investigational considerations that are ongoing.”
Harris was last heard from in Leduc on August 1, police said they were 168 cm (5'6”) tall, and weighed 64 kilograms (145 lbs) with dark hair and brown eyes.
Police are asking anyone who may have seen or heard anything unusual, or may have residential video surveillance in the area of Aileen Faller Park in Leduc between July 31 and August1 to contact Leduc RCMP at 780-980-7200.
Anonymous tips can be submitted to Crime Stoppers by calling 1-800-222-TIPS (8477).
“We want to encourage the public to continue to search their memories and think carefully about what they may or may not have heard or seen or known about anything to do with Mackenzie Leah Harris over the weekend,” Insp. Glavin said.
Investigators said there is nothing to indicate Harris' death is connected to any other historical homicides being investigated in the Rolly View area of Leduc County.
With files from Nicole Weisberg and David Ewasuk
A raindrop hitting a mosquito in flight is like a midair collision between a human and a bus. Except that the mosquito survives.
New experiments show how the insect's light weight works in its favor, says engineer David Hu of the Georgia Institute of Technology in Atlanta. In essence, the (relatively) huge, fast drop doesn't transfer much of its momentum to a little wisp of an insect. Instead the falling droplet sweeps the insect along on the downward plunge. As Hu puts it, the mosquito “just rides the drop.”
The trick is breaking away from that drop before it and the insect splash into the ground. Mosquitoes that separate themselves in time easily survive a raindrop strike, Hu and their colleagues report online June 4 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences.
Such studies help reveal how animals evolved to take advantage of flight, says biologist Tyson Hedrick of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill. Mosquito
Cameron is producing the sci-fi adventure project with their Lightstorm Entertainment partners Jon Landau and Rae Sanchini.
David Goyer is joining James Cameron on The Fantastic Voyage.
Goyer, who has guided the screen story for The Dark Knight trilogy and Man of Steel, has been tapped to write the treatment for the remake of the 1966 sci-fi classic which is being made by Fox and Cameron's Lightstorm Entertainment.
Cameron, Jon Landau, and Rae Sanchini are producing through their Lightstorm banner. Goyer will also executive produce.
PHOTOS: 35 of 2014's Most Anticipated Movies
Voyage has long been in development and has seen many a scribe come and go, Shane Salerno, Cormac and Marianne Wibberly, and Laeta Kalogridis among them.
The project has been quiet since 2011 but Goyer's involvement kick-starts and will re-engineer what the studio and producers hope to be an event-sized tentpole. It is also now placing the project on the fast track.
Matt Reilly is the studio's point man on the project.
Voyage revolves around a team of scientists who are shrunk to atomic size and sent in a miniature submarine inside the body of a scientist to save their lives. The original movie was set during the Cold War, and the scientist was a defector who was in a coma after an assassination attempt.
Goyer, a screenwriter in their own right, has made a name for themselves as an architect for tentpoles and franchises.  They are writing the screenplay and wrote the story for Warner Bros.; sequel to Man of Steel, the so-far-untitled Batman-Superman movie. They also wrote the treatment for Sandman, adapting the DC/Vertigo series as a possible directing vehicle for Joseph Gordon-Levitt.  They are attached to direct The Breach for Lionsgate.
 They are repped by WME and Bloom Hergott.
Email: Borys.Kit@thr.om
Twitter: @borys_kit
I told my santa that I was having a "Mythical Creatures and Magic" themed (summer!) birthday party, which fit perfectly with the timing of this exchange and my santa absolutely over delivered with incredible goodies for it!
My birthday is two days before Christmas, and on the same day as my mum's birthday, so I NEVER get a proper celebration. This year I decided to say screw it, and throw a (little late) summer birthday party!
I was honestly so touched and blown away by what my santa sent - three fantastic gifts that everyone got so much enjoyment out of, but nobody more than me!
My santa sent me the best, most mythical piñata you've ever seen in the shape of a gorgeous unicorn - it was difficult to destroy, because this thing was so cute!! But we managed, somehow! The piñata was also filled thanks to my wonderful santa with lots of delicious sweets. :D
Santa also sent the most magical and colourful mobile you've ever seen - complete with dragons and bells, it moves so beautifully - check out the video!
Thank you so much santa, I didn't know what to expect from this exchange really but you 1000% nailed it!
I'm not sure how redditgifts copes with gifs as file uploads, so I'm linking an album of my friends bashing the pianta here. We all had far too much fun with it!
The city hall in Varna is a hulking, late communist-era eyesore with mirrored windows and a concrete canopy above the entrance. People instinctively lower their heads as they walk in. Plamen Goranov set themselves on fire on the plaza in front of this building, which seeks to turn citizens into subjects.
At a little before 7:30 a.m. on February 20, Goranov turned up in front of the mayor's office carrying a gas canister and a banner. The city council should resign, they shouted before pouring gasoline over their body and setting themselves on fire.
What happened next is still unclear. Did city employees truly react as quickly as possible and fetch a fire extinguisher? Was there a scuffle with security personnel?
In the ambulance, Goranov allegedly told a paramedic that their intention had been to stage a protest, but not to kill himself. Nevertheless, they died of severe burns 11 days later.
Their friends have spent a long time searching for witnesses. About 20 people must have seen Goranov's self-immolation, but no one is willing to speak openly about it. There are also video recordings of the incident taken by four surveillance cameras pointed on the square. But the authorities are withholding the video material.
Goranov was not the first or last person to set themselves on fire in Bulgaria recently. Five other desperate men have also committed suicide by self-immolation, but the case of the 36-year-old was the most widely publicized. They had long been an activist against corruption and the abuse of power, and their intention had been to protest against the government.
"Plamen was our moral conscience," says Nick Todorov, a friend. Goranov was a mountain-climber who loved nature, Todorov recounts, as well as working occasionally as a window washer. They say that their friend tried to live their life without harming others, without becoming a burden on society and without destroying the environment. Goranov was also on the front line of the protests against the government that began in February.
Since Goranov's their death, banners have appeared on the square in front of city hall. One reads: "You have inspired our courage and our love of freedom." On another banner, the word "Plamen" is written in flaming yellow and gold letters. Plamen also means "flame" in Bulgarian.
Goranov has become a hero for the protesters who have been demonstrating against the government for the last three months. Hundreds of thousands have taken to the streets nationwide, with up to 30,000 demonstrating in Varna, a large city and seaside resort on the Black Sea coast. Although they are ostensibly protesting rising electricity prices, their real target is the country's corrupt political class.
Prime Minister Boiko Borisov was already forced to resign in February in response to pressure from the street. Two weeks ago, a scandal broke that also weighs heavily on the former premier. A wiretapped conversation reveals that they apparently tried to cover up a corruption case. Bulgaria will vote for a new parliament this Sunday, but according to a poll by the news agency Novinite, some 41 percent of citizens are convinced that the election will be rigged. Indeed, there is little hope that it will bring real change. Borisov is running again, but the opposition is seen as being equally corrupt.
Organized Criminals in Control
Old boys' networks left over from the communist era have divided the country among themselves. They dominate the parliament and government agencies, they secure the best contracts for themselves, they threaten the press and they are in league with organized crime. Bulgaria is the poorest country in the European Union, with a stagnating economy. Up to half a million Bulgarians have already emigrated.
The euphoria of 2007, when Bulgaria was accepted into the EU earlier than anticipated, has disappeared completely. The EU has just decided not to accept the country into the Schengen Area of border-free travel.
But Goranov's death has shaken Bulgaria. Since then, residents of Varna have congregated every Sunday on the square where it happened to hold religious services. They have piled up stones to create a memorial for Goranov, drawing their inspiration from the poem "Gramada" by famed Bulgarian writer Ivan Vazov, in which villagers build a mountain of rocks in front of the house of their mayor to protest their alliance with evil forces, the Ottoman occupiers of the day.
Goranov also believed that Varna's politicians are in league with evil forces. But, in this case, it is a company called TIM that controls the city. And more and more Bulgarians agree.
TIM reportedly stands for the first letters of the first names of its three main founders, former elite soldiers who started a security and personal protection company. The company's logo includes the image of a Trojan horse.
TIM is said to have raised some of its starting capital with smuggling, gambling, car theft, prostitution and the drug trade, allegedly investing the proceeds in legal companies. It quickly grew into an empire. In a 2005 cable published by Wikileaks, the US ambassador described the cartel as "the up-and-coming star of Bulgarian organized crime."
The number of employees at the TIM Group is estimated at about 30,000 today. The company owns shares in the airline Bulgaria Air, and it operates six television stations, Varna's biggest newspapers and the company Chimimport, which deals in crude oil, fertilizers, chemicals and grain.
"Varna is a reflection of all of Bulgaria," says Spas Spasov, one of the country's few independent journalists and an expert on the TIM Group. Since their magazine, Kapital, can't afford an office for him, the 53-year-old works from home.
"Most politicians on the city council aren't interested in Varna's affairs. They just want to line their pockets," says Spasov. They know better than to tangle with TIM, the city's largest and most powerful employer, they explain. On the contrary, says Spasov, almost every time there are public contracts to be awarded, they go to companies in the TIM Group at preferential terms and without a public bidding process.
Change without Change
Spasov is the chronicler of these scandals. TIM has left them alone so far and has only threatened them once, when one of the company's executives sent the journalist the classic Chinese military treatise, Sun Tzu's "The Art of War." In a handwritten note, the sender remarked: "You should not wage war with someone you cannot beat or you cannot turn into your friend."
Spasov was undaunted and has continued writing, especially about Avenue No. 1, a typical case of corruption. It revolves around a park in downtown Varna that stretches along the coast. The park includes beaches with fine sand, waterfront mansions, landmarked cafés and changing rooms from the 1920s.
The city was in fact not permitted to sell the park, but the mayor and their staff came up with a solution for TIM. The legal status of the site was changed and the purchase price set at a ridiculous 50 per square meter (about $6 per square foot). TIM now plans to build a marina, hotels, luxury condominiums and restaurants on the site.
"We Bulgarians are no more corrupt than other nations," says Spasov. "It's just that we didn't have a real revolution in 1989." Then-dictator Todor Zhivkov was overthrown in a palace revolt. "But in contrast to Poland and East Germany, the old elites remained in power," Spasov adds. "They took on new names and seized control of the most lucrative government-owned companies."
Plamen Goranov was apparently in despair over how TIM was taking over their city. Last summer, they and a group of friends organized a performance in Varna during which three worms -- marked "T," "I" and "M" - devoured a golden apple. "It was supposed to symbolize the city," says Radostina Petrova, who witnessed the performance. An old refrigerator, cold and immovable, represented the citizens. "People were very enthusiastic," says Petrova, who is wearing a round felt cap that once belonged to Goranov.
"I'm shaken, but I'm not completely surprised that it came this far," says Petrova, who until recently was studying graphic design in the United States. Goranov had apparently become increasingly frustrated. When a crowd protested in front of the headquarters of the local energy utility, they said: "This doesn't do anything. There is no one here. No one will even see us."
Others claim that they also heard them say something like: "Perhaps I should set myself on fire."
Ivan Vazov's poem "Gramada" turns out badly, at least for the powerful. The mayor is forced to flee, but the pile of stones keeps on growing.
GAZA CITY, Gaza Strip — Once a social media application, WhatsApp is now being used as a news tool in Palestine. Since the last war on Gaza in 2014, media outlets such as Quds TV, Felesteen newspaper and Quds News Network entered in a fierce competition to beat the other to announce the activation of WhatsApp as a free news application.
The majority of news websites and some satellite channels in Gaza are now providing this service to the public. Using WhatsApp, media outlets send news digests covering the daily events on the Palestinian and international arenas.
Seventeen media outlets are currently using WhatsApp in Gaza as a news service, including Quds News Network, Safa News Agency, Paltimes, Sawa and Media 24, among others.
Al-Monitor reached out to the majority of news organizations in the Gaza Strip. They said that the number of subscribers to the WhatsApp news service in the Gaza Strip is in the tens of thousands. According to Ezzedine al-Akhras, one of the managing directors at Quds News Network and a new media expert, this figure seems insignificant when compared to the number of WhatsApp users in Gaza, which is more than 400,000. According to information gathered by Al-Monitor, Hamas' website has the largest number of subscribers — about 8,000 — while the number of subscribers to the remaining outlets ranges from 5,000 to a few hundred subscribers only.
Khaled Ashkar, director of Media 24, told Al-Monitor that Media 24 launched the WhatsApp service in mid-February 2015 with only 17 subscribers, who were employees of the organization. At first, the service was limited to in-house use, but it was then expanded and became public. Ashkar pointed out that any organization wanting to move forward and to develop its work should stay abreast of technological advances.
They believe that “the demand on and use of smart phones and applications have facilitated the spread of news to subscribers in a way that is faster than traditional tools. Internet is now accessible across the Gaza Strip.”
Speaking of competition between Palestinian media outlets and the potential nuisance that might be felt by subscribers due to this competition, Ashkar said that Media 24 has set up rules for employees in charge of the service to avoid bothering subscribers. Chief among those rules is not to send news after midnight, unless the news is very important. Ashkar also said that competition between media outlets sometimes results in them sending contradictory, and even false, news to subscribers.
According to Akhras, Quds News Network — ranking second in terms of the number of subscribers in Palestine — launched the WhatsApp component in late 2014. It started to take its news application form, though, in the beginning of 2015 with more than 5,000 subscribers.
Speaking of how Palestinians can benefit from this service amid the dire situation in which they live, Akhras said that due to the unavailability of 3G — the third generation of mobile telecommunications technology — in Palestine, mobile companies launched Internet roaming bundle services so that they can use the Internet while on the move, thus opening the door for citizens to address the practices of the Israeli army and settlers in the West Bank by, for example, documenting their assaults and publishing them online immediately.
The unavailability of 3G to people in the Gaza Strip is due to Israel's conditions on Palestinian telecommunications companies, whereby their Israeli counterparts get to select which companies get which services. This is in addition to Israel prohibiting Palestinian companies from importing devices and equipment used to receive frequencies, as Palestinian companies cannot bypass Israel in the process.
It must be noted that Israel gave preliminary approval on Aug. 13 to grant licenses to Palestinian mobile phone companies to use 3G by receiving frequencies independently, not through the Israeli server. This took place following a series of meetings between Palestinian and Israeli sides.
Roukaya Younes, a math teacher and a subscriber to Paltimes' WhatsApp service, told Al-Monitor that WhatsApp allows them to follow the news in Palestine.
They noted that the most negative aspect of the news services was the overabundance of news they sent, which can prove bothersome to subscribers.
Ahmad Labed, a journalist, has a different opinion. They told Al-Monitor that the overabundance of news did not bother him, but gave them more leeway to ditch their laptop, which they would previously use almost all day long.
Mohssen Frangy, deputy head of the faculty of journalism at the Islamic University of Gaza, believes that any new digital service enjoys its moment of fame and some parties try to use it for purposes other than its initial ones. “WhatsApp has now become a news tool instead of a social one,” they noted.
They said that they recently noticed many ads across the Gaza Strip advertising the new, free news service launched by media outlets. However, they said that one negative aspect is the similarity of news sent by these outlets and sometimes contradictory news that is closely related to the daily lives of the people. Frangy said that the service does benefit Palestinians through allowing them to know the breaking news out of Gaza fast, especially in times of crises.
They do not agree that the service has become popular, saying that it is still elitist. They noted that the people are attracted to images and sound more than text — a feature that WhatsApp lacks due to weak Internet coverage and electricity cuts in Gaza. They noted that only when these problems are solved can the service be said to have become popular.
Mahmoud Abu Ghosh, information security expert and member of the Google Developer Group Gaza, says that the era of technology has arrived, and the availability of Internet has pushed many to buy modern devices that support scores of social media and chat applications.
Abu Ghosh affirmed that mobile companies have helped in promoting these applications and in mobilizing the people to use them by providing bundle services that keep people connected at any time and in any place, notably amid electricity cutouts in Gaza.
Abu Ghosh opposes the opinion that media outlets are taking advantage of WhatsApp and veering off from its main purpose, saying, “The concept of social media comprises all aspects of life. This service further increases connectedness between individuals and keeps them up to date with that which is happening around them and affecting them.”
Advertisement
Windows Phone has endured mixed fortunes to date. It hasn't been the runaway success Microsoft obviously hoped it would be, but it also hasn't disappeared without a trace. In fact, in several countries around the world Windows Phone is the second most popular mobile operating system, with market shares well into double figures.
Still, it feels like Windows Phone has reached an important fork in the road. One road leads to an increased market share and Microsoft competing with Apple and Google for dominance, while the other leads to a shrinking market share and Microsoft being forced to abandon the whole project.
I, for one, want Windows Phone to succeed. Because competition is good. The problem is persuading you Apple fanboys and Google droids (and even BlackBerry blowhards) to give Windows Phone a chance. There are several legitimate reasons to do so, which are, as you may have already guessed, outlined below.
The Hardware
Most of you reading this will have owned a Nokia handset at one time or another, especially if you're over a certain age. Back when feature phones were just phones, and smartphones were but a twinkle in Steve Jobs' eye, Nokia ruled the roost, and the devices this Finnish company put out were solid, dependable, and stylish. Contrary to popular belief, nothing has changed.
Nokia still knows how to build a good mobile phone Nokia Lumia 920 Review & Giveaway Nokia Lumia 920 Review & Giveaway A couple of weeks ago, Nokia introduced two new devices to the world: the Nokia Lumia 925 and the Nokia Lumia 928. The top notch of Windows Phone 8 devices, these two smartphones will only... Read More . Apple and Samsung may now have the higher market shares, but Nokia hardware is still right up with the best in class. Except it comes with a cheaper price tag.
With Microsoft having acquired Nokia's devices business, Nokia hardware is synonymous with Windows Phone, which means anyone wanting to own Nokia hardware needs to consider switching operating systems.
TL;DR: Nokia hardware is unbeatable for the price.
The Camera
A specific hardware element Nokia excels at is its smartphone cameras 10 Ways Your Smartphone Camera Can Make Life Easier 10 Ways Your Smartphone Camera Can Make Life Easier "Does your phone have a camera on it?" said no one since 2005. Nobody even asks how many megapixels your phone's camera has anymore. With the ubiquity of smartphones today, and the resolution of the... Read More . The high-end Nokia devices have exceptional cameras which rival the cameras on the newest iOS and Android devices. The PureView technology gifts Windows Phone users high-resolution sensors, incredible digital zoom, and Carl Zeiss lenses guaranteed to impress even the most cynical smartphone users.
Windows Phone does its part too, with the Microsoft Camera app offering a simple yet stylish UI with a host of features and options. There is also the Nokia Camera app and other third-party options.
A lot of Android handsets have decidedly dodgy cameras, while the camera on the latest iPhones hasn't really moved on since the iPhone 4. Which means those seeking a solid smartphone camera at a reasonable price should at least consider Windows Phone.
TL;DR: The PureView camera technology has to be seen to be believed.
The User Interface
In many ways, the user interface is the most important thing to consider when choosing a mobile operating system. All three major platforms boast more apps than you could ever hope to install in one lifetime, and the hardware is dependent on the manufacturer rather than the operating system itself. But the user interface differs between iOS, Android, and Windows Phone, so you need to choose wisely.
To be fair, all three are good enough. You may prefer one over the others, but you would get used to the others were they to be forced upon you. Unfortunately, too many people are blindly sticking with what they know, so they never get to experience what the other operating systems have to offer.
The Windows Phone UI is brilliant; smooth, simple, and beautifully understated. In some ways it is better than iOS and Android, in other ways is isn't. But it's more than deserving of consideration. Try Windows Phone and you may just love the UI so much you'll resent going back to iOS or Android.
TL;DR: The Windows Phone 8.1 UI is better than you think.
Cortana
All three major mobile operating systems have their own personal assistants built in to them. Android has Google Now 6 Google Now Features That Will Change How You Search 6 Google Now Features That Will Change How You Search You may already be using Google Now on your Android device, but are you getting all that you can out of it? Knowing about these small features can make a big difference. Read More , iOS has Siri If You're Not Using Siri By Now, You Should Be If You're Not Using Siri By Now, You Should Be Most of the commercials, jokes, and media hype about Apple's iOS voice assistant, Siri, have subsided, but I still run into iPhone users who don't take advantage of this powerful feature. Just the other day... Read More , and Windows Phone has Cortana. It may surprise you to learn that Cortana is actually rather good.
It's certainly better than Google Now, and arguably better than Siri too. Why? Because Cortana isn't just functional, they have a personality too. In fact, they have such a sparkling personality that our own Christian Cawley fell in love with them How Cortana Became The "Other Woman" In My Life How Cortana Became The "Other Woman" In My Life They appeared one day and changed my life. They know exactly what I need and has a wicked sense of humour. It's little wonder that I've fallen for the charms of Cortana. Read More . Just a little.
Cortana is witty, geeky, entertaining, and informative Geek Humor Included! Meet Cortana, Windows Phone 8.1 Digital Assistant Geek Humor Included! Meet Cortana, Windows Phone 8.1 Digital Assistant Cortana is the best reason to upgrade your Windows Phone early. Microsoft's answer to Siri offers great features and will make you laugh. Read More . They can even predict the results of the World Cup Router Limits Kids' Internet Time, Facebook Knows How To Party, And More... [Tech News Digest] Router Limits Kids' Internet Time, Facebook Knows How To Party, And More... [Tech News Digest] Android Wear apps added to Google Play, Samsung ends plasma TV production, BIC needs you to create the universal typeface font, Cortana predicts the results of the 2014 World Cup, and the Transformers ditch Michael... Read More with unnerving accuracy. Perhaps all virtual personal assistants will prove to be nothing more than novelties. But in the meantime, Cortana is the best one available.
TL;DR: Cortana is better than Siri and Google Now.
The Competition
All mobile operating systems have their issues. None, contrary to what the fanboys and fangirls will tell you, is perfect. Windows Phone itself is far from perfect, but then neither are Android nor iOS.
The thing is, Android and iOS have been around for so many years you're probably heavily invested in the underlying ecosystem of one or the other. Which means you put up with the flaws, determined to ignore them in order to stick with what you know.
Don't. Actually take a stand and switch operating systems if you're not happy with the one you're using at the moment. It may be that you'll switch and find just as much to bitch about with your new choice of operating system. But don't you owe it to yourself to at least try?
TL;DR: You have had enough of Google or Apple.
The Future
And finally, we need to look to the future. It's coming, and there is nothing we can do to stop it. However, we can change it, and change it for the better.
In terms of mobile operating systems, that means giving the little guy a chance. Which, in this scenario, just happens to be Windows Phone. I know it's hard to imagine Microsoft as the little guy, but Redmond's OS is trailing to both Android and iOS by quite a margin in terms of worldwide market share, and that is setting up a problem for the future.
We need Windows Phone to succeed to keep Google and Apple on their toes. If we lose a viable third option, then Apple will control the high-end of the market, while Google will dominate the low-end. And a lack of competition means a lessening of innovation, and a rising tide of consumer-unfriendly practices.
I know, that's not your problem. But it will be in the years to come if we all let Windows Phone die from a lack of interest MakeUseOf Says Goodbye To Windows Phone MakeUseOf Says Goodbye To Windows Phone This is going to be a tearful goodbye, buddy, but it has to happen. MakeUseOf will soon be parting ways with Windows Phone. Read More .
TL;DR: We need a strong third platform to battle iOS and Android.
Conclusions
It should go without saying that I don't expect everyone to rush out and immediately switch from iPhone or Android to Windows Phone upon reading this article. That won't happen, and that's fine. This is just my opinion, after all; it even says so in the headline.
However, Microsoft's mobile OS deserves a chance, so please, do at least consider Windows Phone as a viable option the next time you're shopping around for a new smartphone. You may try it, and fall in love with it. And wonder why you wasted so much time on the competition.
Afterword
Since this piece was written, Microsoft has announced Windows 10 Microsoft Reveals Windows 10, Paypal Splits From eBay, And More... [Tech News Digest] Microsoft Reveals Windows 10, Paypal Splits From eBay, And More... [Tech News Digest] Also, Samsung faces GapGate, Grooveshark found guilty, Spotify in Canada, and Jeff Goldblum sells LED lightbulbs. Read More , which will work across all devices, including smartphones. This essentially means Windows Phone will be disappearing in its current form, but Windows will still be an option as a mobile operating system. Therefore, these points remain valid, and iOS and Android users should still give Microsoft a chance to succeed.
Image Credits: Martin Abegglen, Matty Ring, Karlis Dambrans, Jon Fingas, Jon Fingas, Kristian Bjornard. All via Flickr.
Workers of the world unite! The official version of China's 2016 public holiday calendar was released last night and contains mercifully few weekend working days.
What's also notable is we now can officially declare 2015's out-of-the-blue WWII victory celebrations a one-off, as there is nothing marking the anniversary in the 2016 calendar. (Mark your calendars now for 2025, when maybe we'll celebrate the 80th anniversary of crushing the fascists).
Here we break down China's 2016 official holiday dates for the Year of the Monkey:
January 1-3: New Year's Day arrives on a Friday, and adding the weekend makes a "three-day holiday" (ha ha, nice try officials. It's just a one-day holiday really, isn't it). Kind of a bummer we don't get more time off, but hey, we won't want to get too hedonistic to kick off 2016.
February 7-13: Spring Festival/Chinese New Year begins on the night of February 7, and results in a seven-day, inclusive holiday, with everyone going back to work on ... you guessed it, Valentine's Day. which is a Sunday. We can hear the groans from the F&B community already. Sounds about right. February 6, a Saturday, is a make-up work day.
April 2-4: Qingming/Tomb Sweeping Festival gives us a nice spring three-day weekend, which we can enjoy without needing to be forced to take a make-up day. We can smell the exhaust from the six-hour traffic jam back from Huairou already.
May 1-2: May 1/Labor Day Holiday is on a Sunday in 2016, and the Ministry of Fun-Making has mercifully granted us an extra Monday off. The workers thank you, and we'll see you at Chaoyang Park for Beijing's biggest mass picnic.
June 9-11: Duan Wu Jie or Dragon Boat Festival falls Thursday through Saturday, with a make-up on Sunday. Wander Houhai, eat some zongzi. Enjoy.
September 15-17: The Mid-Autumn Festival is another Thursday-Friday-Saturday deal with Sunday a make-up day. True hedonists will carefully arrange to take their annual leave on the following 10 working days, thus connecting this to the Oct 1 holiday for 23 consecutive days of merry-making.
October 1-7: Ahh. National Day. Suck it, America, with your paltry single day off on July 4. We get seven days, which is more than enough to ease the sting of having to make it up with weekend work days on the following weekend, Oct 8-9.
Now go! Plan your holidays before tickets get tight!
Photo: cutearoo.com, the Beijinger
On December 16th, Julian Assange or one of their assistants reached out to Donald Trump Jr. by direct message on Twitter and asked them to make a request of their father, who was then the president-elect. They knew that Australia wouldn't go along with it, but could Trump Sr. please suggest that Assange be appointed as the ambassador to the United States? This would send a message to Sweden, Australia and the U.K. to back off their legal cases.
As far as I can tell, this is the only communication WikiLeaks had with Donald Trump Jr. that didn't directly promote Russia's interests.
Let's look at the first communication made via Twitter:
Just before the stroke of midnight on September 20, 2016, at the height of last year's presidential election, the WikiLeaks Twitter account sent a private direct message to Donald Trump Jr., the Republican nominee's oldest son and campaign surrogate. “A PAC run anti-Trump site putintrump.org is about to launch,” WikiLeaks wrote. “The PAC is a recycled pro-Iraq war PAC. We have guessed the password. It is ‘putintrump.' See ‘About' for who is behind it. Any comments?”
There are a host of issues raised by this communication, including legal questions about what laws may have been broken and by whom. But what stands out to me is that WikiLeaks was interested in something that linked Trump to Putin in a negative way. This was the subject that motivated them to make contact, and Donald Trump Jr. was the one who they thought would be the best person to arm with a stolen password.
The next communication came about a month later during the endgame of the campaign. In one sense, WikiLeaks was trolling for a scoop. They wanted to help neutralize a potential October Surprise by getting their hands on Trump's tax returns themselves before they could be released by an unfriendly source. But, on closer inspection, they primarily wanted the tax returns because it would rectify their reputation for pro-Trump bias and give more weight to the DNC and Podesta-hacked leaks they had been publishing on a rolling basis. Since Russia had procured the emails, this was clearly in Russia's interest.
“Hey Don. We have an unusual idea,” WikiLeaks wrote on October 21, 2016. “Leak us one or more of your father's tax returns.” WikiLeaks then laid out three reasons why this would benefit both the Trumps and WikiLeaks. One, The New York Times had already published a fragment of Trump's tax returns on October 1; two, the rest could come out any time “through the most biased source (e.g. NYT/MSNBC).” It is the third reason, though, WikiLeaks wrote, that “is the real kicker.” “If we publish them it will dramatically improve the perception of our impartiality,” WikiLeaks explained. “That means that the vast amount of stuff that we are publishing on Clinton will have much higher impact, because it won't be perceived as coming from a ‘pro-Trump' ‘pro-Russia' source.”
The Election Day communication also followed this pattern. WikiLeaks is ostensibly a radical transparency organization, not a disinformation center. So, why would they want want to encourage Donald Trump to pursue a campaign to delegitimize the results of an American election based on no facts? This was Russia's goal, obviously, but there's no reason it should have been a goal for WikiLeaks.
WikiLeaks didn't write again until Election Day, November 8, 2016. “Hi Don if your father ‘loses' we think it is much more interesting if they Do NOT conceed [sic] and spends time CHALLENGING the media and other types of rigging that occurred—as they have implied that they might do,” WikiLeaks wrote at 6:35pm, when the idea that Clinton would win was still the prevailing conventional wisdom. (As late as 7:00pm that night, FiveThirtyEight, a trusted prognosticator of the election, gave Clinton a 71 percent chance of winning the presidency.) WikiLeaks insisted that contesting the election results would be good for Trump's rumored plans to start a media network should they lose the presidency. “The discussion can be transformative as it exposes media corruption, primary corruption, PAC corruption, etc.,” WikiLeaks wrote.
The next major communication WikiLeaks had with Donald Trump Jr. came when news broke that he'd had a secret, undisclosed meeting in Trump Tower with a Russian agent who was peddling dirt on Hillary Clinton. WikiLeaks reached out with a plan to help them clean up the mess.
In the winter and spring, WikiLeaks went largely silent, only occasionally sending Trump Jr. links. But on July 11, 2017, three days after The New York Times broke the story about Trump Jr.'s June 2016 meeting with Natalia Veselnitskaya, a Russian lawyer with connections to Russia's powerful prosecutor general, WikiLeaks got in touch again. “Hi Don. Sorry to hear about your problems,” WikiLeaks wrote. “We have an idea that may help a little. We are VERY interested in confidentially obtaining and publishing a copy of the email(s) cited in the New York Times today,” citing a reference in the paper to emails Trump Jr had exchanged with Rob Goldstone, a publicist who had helped set up the meeting. “We think this is strongly in your interest,” WikiLeaks went on. It then reprised many of the same arguments it made in trying to convince Trump Jr. to turn over their father's tax returns, including the argument that Trump's enemies in the press were using the emails to spin an unfavorable narrative of the meeting. “Us publishing not only deprives them of this ability but is beautifully confounding.”
Once again, the desire to confuse people about WikiLeaks' true motives and allegiances is front and center here. They know it will “beautifully” confound people if it looks like Wikileaks is doing something to hurt Trump. In the end, Donald Jr. published the emails himself.
The very existence of this correspondence contradicts more than a year of denials from the Trump camp that they were in any kind of direct communication with WikiLeaks, or that they coordinated the release and distribution of the hacked emails. A lot of people are focused on those lies, and understandably so.
But it's the naked way that WikiLeaks was acting as a Kremlin front that I think is the most important news here. There's an implied understanding in these messages between the two parties. There's no sense of caution on the WikiLeaks end that they might be presumptuous about Donald Jr.'s willingness to push the Kremlin line or that Donald Sr. might be offended by the suggestion that they delegitimize the election for Russia's benefit even though it would clearly hurt their own country. There's a conspiracists' bond between them as they discuss the desirability of throwing people off their scent by working together to leak damaging information in a preemptive way (the classic “limited hangout.”)
A limited hangout or partial hangout is, according to former special assistant to the Deputy Director of the Central Intelligence Agency Victor Marchetti, “spy jargon for a favorite and frequently used gimmick of the clandestine professionals. When their veil of secrecy is shredded and they can no longer rely on a phony cover story to misinform the public, they resort to admitting—sometimes even volunteering—some of the truth while still managing to withhold the key and damaging facts in the case. The public, however, is usually so intrigued by the new information that it never thinks to pursue the matter further.”
Admittedly, there's no direct admission in these communications that the leaked emails were obtained by Russian hackers, nor do they come right out and say that they're discussing a Russian agenda. But, collectively, these messages are incredibly strong evidence of Wikileaks being a Russian front organization, or at least that they have been so strongly coopted that they might as well be run from Moscow.
The evidence of Russian hacking has been coming in from other sources, including George Papadopoulos, who was informed that Russia had obtained hacked material long before any of it was actually released. What remained a question was whether Wikileaks was a witting or unwitting participant in Russia's game. In my opinion, these Twitter messages remove any doubt about that. Wikileaks was acting in a way that was completely indistinguishable from how a Russian intelligence agency would act. And they weren't making any effort to disguise this from the Trump campaign.
This completes the case, in a sense, because it not only connects the dots between Russia and Wikileaks, but it makes clear that the Trump campaign knew how closely the two were working together. The only remaining defense relies on the stupidity and naivety of the Trump team, but they've been caught in so many lies now that it will be hard for them to be believed if they try to argue that they just didn't know who they were dealing with.
International Working-men's Association
(First International) The founders of Marxism, Marx and Engels, participated in the “International Workingmen's Association” from 1864 to 1872, where they found their first base of support and a connection with the workers' movement. Based in London, the International found supporteres across Europe and in the U.S.A.
Karl Marx & Fredrick Engels
Founders of Marxist practice and philosophy. Established the ground work of Marxism through an examination of the rise of capitalism, the history of society, and critique of many prevailent philosophies. Established the First International Workers' organisation.
[Marx Biography] [Engels Biography]
The Socialist International
(Second International) In the 1880s, militant workers' movements grew up in all the capitalist countries. Marxists built powerful social-democratic parties which gave political leadership to these movements and transformed Marxism into a worldwide, mass movement.
The Bolsheviks Social-democracy was unable to prevent the First World War, and only one section – the Bolshevik Party in Russia, was able to overthrow their government, pull out of the war and institute a socialist policy. The Bolsheviks called on the workers of all countries to come to their aid.
The Comintern In 1919, the Bolsheviks held a conference attended by revolutionaries fom every corner of the world, and established the Communist International (Comintern); soon there were Communist Parties in every country, drawing the most militant workers to the Bolsheviks.
Soviet Philosophers and Scientists Writers – scientists, philosophers, teachers – in the Soviet Union were obliged to develop their ideas in terms of the official orthodox Marxist dogma. Most of these writers cannot properly be described as Marxists, but nevertheless their work has contributed in some way or another to our understanding of Marxism.
Soviet Marxism Despite the suppression of Trotskyism and the impossibility of open political discussion in Stalin's Soviet Union, a few Russians continued the development of Marxism in Psychology, Medicine, Law and the Sciences. This “non-political Marxism” only dared to show its political colours after Stalin's death.
Western Marxism As it became clear that the world revolution had not spread beyond Soviet Russia, the Communist Parties still exercised great influence, particularly in the workers movement, but some Marxists turned to the unique problems of fighting capitalism in advanced capitalit countries where revolution was no longer on the immediate agenda.
Trotskyism After the victory of Hitler in Germany, Leon Trotsky concluded that the Third International was dead for the purposes of revolution, and launched the Fourth International with their supporters in countries around the world. Trotskyism became an opposition force in the workers' movement everywhere.
Left Communism A number of Marxists, especially in Europe and the US, not only rejected Stalinism, but rejected the whole project of building socialism through state power. These were Marxists, not Anarchists, and they remain a force to this day.
Marxist Humanism Although Marxist Humanism first appeared as a break-away form orthodox Trotskyism, in the 1960s many intellectuals in Eastern Europe and in the Communist Parties in Britain and the US, embraced a Humanist Marxism, emphasising human agency, rather than structural determinism and “iron laws of history” and so on.
Deng Xiaoping
Former longstanding leader of the Chinese Communist Party; purged as a “capitalist roader” during the Cultural Revolution, but returned to power after Mao's death and led the gradual return of China to capitalism.
[Biography]
Branko Pribicevic
Political scientist, member of the Central Committee of the League of Communists of Serbia.
[Biography] Ota Šik
Czech dissident who became Deputy Prime Minister during the “Prague Spring” advocating a “Third Way” between capitalism and communism; in exile, became more of a social democrat of the Western variety.
[Biography]
See also Eurocommunism by Manuel Azcárate.
—— New Worker / Communist Currents ——
Mansoor Hekmat
Iranian Marxist. Built the Worker-Communist Party of Iran.
Shahrokh Zamani
Iranian Marxist and trade unionist.
Filemon Lagman
Phillipino Communist. Led the split in the Communist Party of the Philippines in 1991 over strategy of guerilla warfare. Advocated the orientation to the workers movement, combining parliamentary and extra-parliamentary means of struggle.
Salvadore Allende
Leader of the Chilean Socialist Party and President of Chile in 1973, when they were overthrown by a US-organised coup.
[Biography]
Guerilla Marxism Some Marxists, in countries where open political debate was impossible, turned instead to military struggle as a form of political organisation, retiring to the countryside and basing themselves on the peasantry, rather than the urban working class.
Maoism In the early 1960s, divisions opened up within the Comintern, with a current sympathetic to the Mao Zedong, as opposed to the Soviet leader Khrushchev, developing a distinct philosophical and political line, emphasising the role of the peasantry.
National Liberation Particularly in the decades after the end of World War Two, communists were in the leadership of national liberation struggles, the leaders of these struggles developed a distinct approach to socialist theory.
African Liberation Movement The struggle against colonialism in Africa, to create independent socialist states, brought forward several generations of heoric fighters, who contributed to the development of Marxist ideas.
Black Liberation From the 18th century up to the present people of colour have resisted oppression by white capitalist powers and have developed a distinct current of revolutionary socialist thinking.
The French Revolution The leaders of the French Revolution were the first to develop modern social theory and laid the basis for the modern socialism. Rousseau traced the origins of inequality to private property, and Babeuf is credited with being the first Communist. The socialist ideas from the French Revolution are one of the sources of Marxism.
Julien La Mettrie
Militant atheist.
[Biography]
Jean-Jacques Rousseau
It has been said that the French Revolution, put Rousseau's philosophy into practice, in particular their idea of the Social Contract. Although they died 20 years before the Revolution, they were its principle theorist.
[Biography]
Jean-Paul Marat
Leader of the left wing of the Revolution, inspired the execution of royalist prisoners which launched the second, radical phase of the Revolution; their murder set off the Great Terror.
[Biography]
Robespierre
Leader of the Jacobins and instigator of the Great Terror, Robespierre was the ultimate “moralist.” Their overthrow marked the end of the radical phase of the Revolution.
[Biography] Jacques Roux
Priest who became a leader of the popular democratic Enragés during the French Revolution. They were renowned for the foul and abusive language of their journalism.
[Biography]
Jacques Hébert
Leader of the extreme left-wing during the Revolution and spokesperson of the sans coulottes. Hébert initiated a planned economy before their overthrow, after which the Revolution lost the support of the poor.
Holbach
French materialist and atheistic philosopher.
[Biography]
Gracchus Babeuf (1760-1797) 5+
Rose to prominence in the twilight of the Revolution, convening a running public forum organising for more radical measures. They can be regarded as the first communist and an advocate of popular sovereignty and participatory democracy.
[Biography]
Utopian Socialism Visions of a better society have been a concern of thinkers since ancient times, and a part of the critique of existing conditions. The speculations of the early 19th century Utopians are an important contribution to Marxism. Fourier and Owen in particular were much admired by Marx and Engels.
Thomas More
Thomas More wrote Utopia in 1515, looking forward to a world of individual freedom and equality governed by Reason, at a time when such a vision was almost inconceivable.
[Biography]
James Harrington
Common-Wealth of Oceana was based on universal land-ownership and was a militant republic dedicated to spreading its democratic system to the rest of the world. Cromwell banned it.
[Biography]
Morelly
Little is known of Morelly; Code of Nature was an attempt to provide a systematic philosophical justification of their communist ideas.
[Biography]
Saint-Simon
French Utopian socialist who took part in War of Independence of the United States; opposed Deism and promoted the study of Nature.
[Biography]
Charles Fourier (1772-1837)
French Utopian socialist who criticised the bourgeois society established by the French Revolution. They promoted the role of environment and education in moulding personality.
[Biography]
Robert Owen (1771-1851)
Welsh industrialist and social reformer; formed a model industrial community at New Lanark, Scotland, and pioneered cooperative societies.
[Biography]
Étienne Cabet
Their followers, known as the Icarians, established ill-fated utopian communities in Illinois, Missouri, Iowa, and California.
[Biography]
————
Edward Bellamy
American author, famous for their utopian novel set in the year 2000, Looking Backward, published in 1888.
[Biography]
Anarchism Anarchism is a political current that has existed in the working class movement from its beginning and was an important component of the First International, but parted company with Marxism in the late 19th century.
Feminists From the 18th century up to the present, women fighting against their oppression by patriarchal structures have developed political science, ethics and critical philosophy and contributed to the development of revolutionary theory. Many were Marxists.
Mary Wollstonecraft
English radical who was the first woman to systematically enquire into the causes of women's oppression.
[Full Biography] Harriet Taylor
Friend of John Stuart Mill, and their work was published under their name, one of the earliest arguments for the emancipation of women, in the tradition of classical liberalism.
[Full Biography]
Evelyn Reed
Member of the American Trotskyist movement, socialist feminist, was one of the first to challenge anthropological and other spurious justifications for patriarchy.
[Full Biography] Simone de Beauvoir
Author of The Second Sex, the most significant review of approaches to the critique of women's role in history and modern society. De Beauvoir was an Existentialist.
[Full Biography]
Socialist Populists and Journalists Some writers have advocated the overthrow of capitalism or were outspoken supporters of the Soviet Union, but did not see themselves as Marxists, or may have combined reactionary “populist” rhetoric with calls for socialism. Some writers have contributed to the development of socialism simply by reporting on its struggles in their professional capacity as journalists, often eye-witnesses to revolutionary struggles, although not themselves participants.
Foundations of Political Science The history of political science is inseparable from the art of war and the problems of philosophy, and there is a long history to discussion of the problems of modern political theory. These writers are the pioneers of political science and revolutionary theory.
Philosophy The Value_of_Knowledge archive includes classic works by over 140 writers from the Copernican Revolution up to the present time, centred on problems in the epistemology, the theory of knowledge.
Political Economy grew out of moral philosophy in the late 18th century as a new and distinct branch of science, dedicated to understanding how people can live. The critical study of the political economists absorbed much of Karl Marx's life.
'It wasn't blood... it was PAINT': Boston bombers' defiant mother launches bizarre defense of their 'framed' sons
Father Anzor Tsarnaev says they will travel to America to bury son Tamerlan - but does not yet have a plane ticket
Mother Zubeidat Tsarnaeva debating whether to travel to U.S. because they face federal shoplifting charges
Zubeidat described 'Misha' - who has been pinpointed as a source of radicalization for their son - as a 'very nice man'
The mother of the Boston Marathon bombing suspects ranted that their sons were being framed for the terrorist attack, describing the scene of carnage as a 'really big play' with 'paint instead of blood'.
Zubeidat Tsarnaeva was on the verge of hysteria when they told a press conference on Thursday that they do not accept that their sons carried out the attacks in Boston on April 15 which left three people dead and 264 injured.
They gestured wildly, making a gesture of their hands being cuffed, as they sat alongside their husband Anzor. They said that they regretted living in the U.S.
Tsarnaeva added: 'America took my kids away from me. I'm sure my kids were not involved in anything.'
Scroll down for video
Defiant: Zubeidat Tsarnaeva, the mother of the two Boston bombing suspects, speaks at a news conference as the suspects' father, Anzor Tsarnaev listens in Makhachkala
Emotional: Anzor Tsarnaev (left) and Zubeidat Tsarnaeva, parents of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev - the two men suspected of carrying out the Boston bombings - take part in a news conference on Thursday Hysteria: Zubeidat Tsarnaeva, the mother of the two Boston bombing suspects, speaks at a news conference as their sister-in-law, Mayam, looks on
Staying put: Anzor Tsarnaev says they are postponing a trip to the United States because of poor health
Tsarnaeva earlier told CNN that they believed that the Boston marathon atrocity was a 'really big play' with 'paint instead of blood'.
The father of the suspected bombers Anzor Tsarnaev told the same press conference that they would travel from Russia to the United States to bury their elder son.
The parents sat side by side in the southern Russian city of Makhachkala and denied their sons had planted the bombs at the Boston marathon, saying they had been framed.
Their other son Dzhokhar, 19, remains under police guard in a Boston hospital and is facing terrorism charges which could result in the death penalty.
Banging the table in front of him, Anzor said: 'I am going to the United States. I want to say that I am going there to see my son, to bury the older one.
'I don't have any bad intentions. I don't plan to blow up anything.
Enraged: Anzor Tsarnaev and their wife Zubeidat gesture at the gathered journalists at the press conference alongside the bombing suspects' aunt Patimat Suleymanova
Wild claims: Zubeidat Tsarnaeva, mother of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, (pictured at a press conference on Thursday) claims that the Boston Marathon bombings were one big play with 'paint instead of blood'
'I am not angry at anyone. I want to go find out the truth,' said Anzor, who took off their sunglasses only when photographers asked them to.
They said they would go as soon as possible but that they had not yet bought a plane ticket.
Tsarnaeva said they were still thinking over whether to travel to the U.S. Them hesitation to travel may be based on the fact that they were charged with shoplifting last summer and is concerned that they could be arrested.
However Tsarnaeva said that they had been assured by lawyers that they would not be.
The Tsarnaev family emigrated to the U.S. a decade ago, but both parents returned to Russia last year.
Zubeidat also described a figure known only as 'Misha' - who has been pinpointed as a source of radicalization for their son Tamerlan.
They said that they were a 'very nice man', of Armenian origin and living in Boston. 'Misha' is also apparently a convert to the Islamic faith.
Suspects: Dzhokhar, right, and Tamerlan Tsarnaev are accused of planting the Boston bombs at the historic race on April 15
It is almost a week since the Boston bombers' reign of terror came to an end.
The suspects' father has already been interviewed by Russian and American authorities - and will face further interviews when they arrive in the U.S.
Speaking out on Wednesday, Mrs Tsarnaeva launched into a bizarre rant in which they claim they do not care if they or their youngest son are killed by U.S. authorities.
Their eldest son, Tamerlan, 26, died after a shootout with police in Watertown, Massachusetts last Friday, while their youngest, Dzhokhar, 19, is in hospital recovering from a bullet wound to the neck.
'If they are going to kill him, I don't care,' they told CNN of Dzhokhar .
'My oldest one is killed, so I don't care. I don't care is my youngest one is going to be killed today. I want the world to hear this. And I don't care if I am going to get killed too. And I will say Allahu akbar!'
While Dzhokhar was reportedly injured from a self-inflicted gun shot wound as they sought to hide from police in a boat parked in a backyard, their mother said they do not believe this account.
'You know what I think? I think now they will try to make my Dzhokhar guilty because they took away their voice, their ability to talk to the world... They did not want the truth to come out.'
They added that the only reason their sons were targeted was because they were Muslim, adding that they saw footage of Tamerlan being killed 'really cruelly.'
U.S. authorities are on their way to speak with Zubeidat Tsarnaeva in the aftermath of the bombings.
Busted: Mrs Tsarnaeva, 45, was arrested last year after they allegedly stole $1,600 worth of clothing from a Massachusetts Lord & Taylor store
ABC News reported on Tuesday that Mrs Tsarnaeva failed to show up at a court hearing stemming from a July 2012 arrest.
If they return to the U.S. to visit their hospitalized son or make burial arrangements for the other, they could be arrested on an outstanding warrant.
Mrs Tsarnaeva, 45, allegedly stole $1,600 worth of clothes from a Massachusetts Lord & Taylor store.
They were charged with two counts of malicious/wanton damage and defacement to property after allegedly swiping the merchandise from the retailer's Natick, Massachusetts location in June 2012.
They were due in court on October 25 for a hearing in the case, but never showed up.
The Lord & Taylor location is not the same as the one on Boyleston Street in Boston, where a surveillance camera captured what police say is their younger son dropping a pressure cooker bomb that was hidden inside a backpack.
The family's lawyer Heda Saratova, asked for the family to be left alone and said that the parents had just seen pictures of the body of their elder son and were not up to speaking with anyone.
Questioning: Zubeidat Tsarnaeva, mother of Boston bombing suspects Tamerlan and Dzhokhar, leaves their home for the first time on Tuesday in Dagestan with an unidentified man Grief: Zubeidat Tsarnaeva is pictured outside their home in Dagestan, a predominantly Muslim province in Russia's Caucasus
'The mother is in very bad shape,' Saratova said. 'She watches the video and cries.'
The images, taken by a resident of Watertown, Massachusetts and posted on their blog , appear to show the Tsarnaev brothers sheltering behind a vehicle and taking aim at police officers.
They are reportedly seen running to a car for more supplies before hauling out a pressure cooker bomb they then detonated, filling the street with smoke.
The photographs, taken on the eyewitness' phone from a third-floor bedroom overlooking the scene, are the first images giving insight into the fraught battle that left one brother dead.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev then jumped in the car and barreled towards the police barricade, making a narrow escape. Authorities said that they ran over their brother Tamerlan.
Their mother told Channel 4 on Tuesday that their sons had nothing to do with the terrorist attacks. They said: 'What happened is a terrible thing but I know my kids have nothing to do with this. I know it, I am mother.' They added to CNN that they had spoken to Tamerlan after the bombings and they told them they missed them and loved her, and they said their 'loving' son even inquired about the cat.
The trip by the U.S. team was made possible because of Russian government cooperation with the FBI investigation into the bombing at the Boston Marathon. Also on Tuesday, the bombers' sister, Ailena and Bella Tsarnaev, released a statement to the media, saying that they 'don't have the answers' about their brothers' alleged crimes.
Battle: The eyewitness said the men ran to the green sedan, left, for more supplies such as explosives
Threat: In another image, a red circle shows what the eyewitness believed to be a pressure cooker bomb
Taken down: Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed in a gunfight with police on April 19. Dzhokhar, who was injured, was captured that evening
The statement read: 'Our heart goes out the victims of last week's bombing. It saddens us to see so many innocent people hurt after such a callous act.
'As a family, we are absolutely devastated by the sense of loss and sorrow this has caused.
'We don't have any answers but we look forward to a thorough investigation and hope to learn more. We ask the media to respect our privacy during this difficult time.'
The mother is from Dagestan, while the suspects' father is from neighboring Chechnya.
Their sons had spent little time in either place before the family moved to the U.S. a decade ago, but the elder son was in Russia for six months last year.
Shielded: Katherine Russell, the widow of Boston Marathon bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev, leaves their lawyer's office on Tuesday
The father of the two Boston bombing suspects will apparently travel to the U.S. later this week in order to seek 'justice and the truth'.
Anzor Tsarnaev says they has 'lots of questions for the police' and is keen 'to clear up many things' when they arrive from their home in Makhachkala in Russia.
See below for video
The Miami Heat defeated the Brooklyn Nets, 108-99, at Barclays Center on Saturday (AEDT).
MORE: Davis leads Pelicans past T-Wolves
The two teams came into Saturday's contest as polar opposites, with the Heat (24-30) looking to tally their 13th consecutive victory and the Nets (9-45) trying to avoid a 12th straight defeat.
Show Player
Brooklyn's one ray of hope was the fact that they'd notched seven of their nine wins on the season at home, and perhaps the more intangible factor of the odds eventually favoring a Miami loss and Brooklyn victory, given their respective extended streaks.
However, as usual, the Nets couldn't hang on to the ball with any degree of consistency, significantly undermining their chances. The home team committed 22 turnovers overall, while also getting outscored 59-46 in the second half.
The Heat bench compiled 56 points overall, with James Johnson scoring a team-high 26, and adding eight rebounds, two assists, three blocks and a steal. Goran Dragic was next with 21 points, five assists, four rebounds and one steal.
Tyler Johnson totaled 18 points, six rebounds, two assists and three steals. Rodney McGruder chipped in with 11 points, six rebounds, three assists and four steals. Okaro White supplied 10 points, five boards and one assist in 31 minutes as a reserve.
Wayne Ellington drew the start for Dion Waiters (ankle) and went for nine points, four rebounds, two assists and one steal, and Hassan Whiteside had a quiet game despite the appealing matchup, posting eight points, nine boards, one steal and four blocks.
Brook Lopez's 30 points led Brooklyn, a total they supplemented with eight rebounds, one assist and two blocks. Randy Foye tallied 15 points, one rebound and two assists. Bojan Bogdanovic was the third and final member of the Nets with double-digit scoring, collecting 10 points and six rebounds.
Caris LeVert submitted a bench-leading nine points along with three rebounds and one assist. Trevor Booker was productive as a reserve as well, managing eight points, hauling in 10 boards and dishing out one assist.
It's getting more expensive to be poor.
Over the past two years, prices have risen more quickly for many of the things that low-income households spend a lot of their money on, such as rent and utilities. As a result, these households — families earning less than $20,000 — are experiencing a higher rate of inflation than the public at large even as their wages have stagnated, according to a FiveThirtyEight analysis of government data.
We tend to talk about inflation as a single number affecting the whole economy. But everyone experiences a slightly different rate of inflation for the simple reason that we all spend money on different things. The price of cigarettes matters primarily to smokers; the price of diapers affects mostly parents of young children; and the price of gas is a much bigger deal to someone with an 80-mile daily commute than to someone who only takes the car out for weekend excursions.
Overall inflation has been muted in recent years; consumer prices were up just 1.1 percent in February from a year earlier, far below their long-run average. But prices are rising a bit faster for both the poor and the wealthy, who have been hit harder by the ongoing increase in college tuitions. The result: from February 2012 to February 2014, the poorest fifth of households have experienced an annual rate of inflation that's about two tenths of a percentage point higher than the population as a whole. The richest fifth have experienced inflation about a tenth of a point higher.
The difference in the rate of inflation between income groups is too small to matter much in the short-term, adding just a few dollars to the average family's monthly bills. But the longer that low-income families continue to experience faster price increases, the bigger the effect will be, quickly adding up to hundreds of dollars a year in extra costs for the households least able to afford it.
This trend is unusual. Past studies have found that the rate of inflation tends to be more volatile for the poor, largely because they have historically spent more of their income on gasoline, which tends to see bigger price swings than other goods. But over the long-term, low-income families' rate of inflation tracks closely to the average household's. This time, however, the split has been persistent: The poorest 20 percent of American households have experienced a higher rate of inflation than the overall population every month for the past two years.
We can calculate inflation for different groups using the same basic methodology that the Bureau of Labor Statistics uses to compile the Consumer Price Index, the government's best-known measure of inflation. The CPI aims to calculate changes in the cost of living by tracking the cost of a “basket of goods.” Every month, data collectors from the Bureau of Labor Statistics fan out across the country to check prices of thousands of goods and services, from eggs to auto repair.
That basket of goods is based on the Consumer Expenditure Survey, an annual survey of about 14,000 households that collects detailed data on how Americans spend their money. Government economists use the survey to determine not just what goes in the basket but how much weight to give to each item. Housing, for example, is the biggest expense, eating up close to a third of the average household's annual spending, so changes to the price of shelter have a much bigger impact on the overall Consumer Price Index than changes in the price of shoes, which account for less than 1 percent of average spending.
To calculate the rate of inflation for a particular group of people, all we need to know is what they're spending their money on — how their basket of goods differs from the one used to measure inflation for the overall population. We can do this using detailed data from the Consumer Expenditure Survey, which also collects information on households' earnings, education and various demographic factors.
The table below breaks down household spending by income groups. As a percentage of total spending, there's actually relatively little difference between the groups. Wealthier households spend far more than poorer ones in dollar terms; the wealthiest fifth of households spend about $100,000 a year, five times as much as the poorest fifth. But both groups devote about 3 percent of their total spending to clothes and between 11 and 13 percent to food.
Still, even small percentage differences in various categories can add up. Low-income households spend 54 percent of their money on the bare necessities: housing, utilities and food prepared at home. The wealthiest households devote 44 percent of their spending to those areas, leaving them more to spend on entertainment, education and restaurant meals.
Drill down into more detailed categories and the differences become starker. The poor spend much less of their money on new vehicles (less than 1 percent, versus 5 percent for the wealthiest fifth) and more on electricity (4 percent versus 3 percent). They spend less at full-service restaurants and more on fast food; more on cigarettes and less on liquor; more on laundry and less on “domestic services.”
Since the prices of those goods rise and fall at different rates, the rate of inflation for any given group of people depends on how much they spend on each item. Prices for women's dresses, for example, are up 7.8 percent over the past year, while gasoline prices are down 8.1 percent. So, all else equal, bike-riding shopaholics have experienced a higher rate of inflation than SUV drivers who prefer pants.
To figure out how inflation varies by income, I divided the population into five groups by earnings, then calculated how much different income groups spend on each of more than 150 goods and services. Then I applied those spending shares to the price changes for each item to construct a re-weighted Consumer Price Index — the rate of inflation experienced by each income group.
According to that analysis, the rich and poor have experienced faster inflation than those in the middle, but for different reasons. For low-income families, the biggest cause was rising rents, which are up 5.6 percent over the past two years, more than double the overall rate of inflation. The poor spend significantly more on housing than other groups, so rising costs hit them harder. Similarly, low income families devote a disproportionate share of their spending to car insurance, where prices are up 8.8 percent over the past two years, and electricity, where prices are up 4.7 percent. And the poor spend relatively little on televisions, computers and other technology items, which have seen prices fall in recent years.
Wealthier households, on the other hand, were much more affected by the 8.6 percent increase in college tuition because they spend two and a half times as much of their income on higher education than the average family. They also spend more on new cars, restaurant meals and various services that have seen faster than average rates of inflation.
This analysis doesn't perfectly reflect the changing cost of living for different groups. The Bureau of Labor Statistics doesn't publish sufficiently detailed information to know whether, for example, the price of organic chicken (presumably bought more often by wealthier customers) is rising more quickly or slowly than non-organic chicken. Additionally, my analysis of what people buy is based on their spending over a two-year period (2009 and 2010) and doesn't account for how spending patterns have changed — and, importantly, how they might have changed differently for different groups. Poorer consumers might be more likely to switch from beef to chicken if beef prices rise, for example, or quicker to cut back on driving when gas prices increase. If so, my estimate may overstate the rate of inflation they actually experience.
On the other hand, lower-income households generally have less flexibility in how they spend their money. Among the biggest drivers of inflation for the poor were rising prices for rent, utilities, health care and car insurance — not exactly discretionary items. Indeed, other evidence suggests rising rents are pinching many household budgets.
Also pinching budgets: stagnant incomes. The average household income for the poorest 20 percent of Americans barely rose faster than the official rate of inflation in 2012. If you account for the higher rate of inflation they experienced, as this analysis suggests, then their income actually fell. The government hasn't yet released 2013 income data, but there is little evidence of an acceleration in wages: Weekly earnings for workers in many low-paying sectors such as the hotel and restaurant industries rose at or below the rate of inflation in 2013.
Higher earners, on the other hand, belong to the only income group that saw incomes rise faster than inflation between 2010 and 2012; recent gains in the stock market suggest their earnings growth has likely continued since then.
It's hard to know whether the divergence in the rates of inflation between different income groups will continue. Real estate developers are racing to build apartments in many cities, but rents are likely to keep rising until supply catches up with demand. On the other hand, there are signs that the long rise in college tuitions may at last be slowing. Health care inflation has slowed too, but no one is sure how long that trend will continue.
The overall rate of inflation, however, is likely to rise as the economy improves. The Federal Reserve expects prices to rise faster over the next two years, gradually returning to the Fed's long-term target rate of 2 percent annually. Few consumers will welcome faster price growth, but if that inflation is the result of faster economic growth, it might also bring a more welcome development: faster wage gains.
Following the chaos of Jessica's departure from Girls' Generation and Luhan's current attempt to depart from EXO and SM Entertainment, the agency is suffering a massive blow in the stock market.
Not only did stock prices drop 3,100 KRW immediately following the news but the agency has also now dropped in ranking to YG Entertainment in relation to market capitalization (market value or stock price multiplied by total shares offered).
For a very long time, SM has been on top, but following their latest scandal, the stock price hit a 52-week low and the market capitalization has dropped to 644.2 billion KRW (~ $600 million USD), putting YG Entertainment in first place with a market capitalization of 743.3 billion KRW (~ $700 million USD). To put things in perspective, SM's market cap was around 1.4 trillion KRW (around $1.3 billion) back in October of 2012.
Just today, SM dropped a total of 5,450 KRW (around 15%) and is now trading at 31,200 KRW (around $29) a share, whereas YG is trading at 49,350 KRW (around $46) a share. Currently on the KOSDAQ market capitalization list, YG ranks at 25 while SM ranks at 32.
Meanwhile, other notable mentions are 1theK ranking at 12 and Key East Entertainment ranking at 159 after the Lee Byung Hun scandal.
Well, they are a swimsuit expert... Kate Upton turns bikini designer with their own Beach Bunny range
 They are no stranger to walking the catwalk, lighting up a beach and making the most of their curves in tiny bikinis.
But Kate Upton has now turned their swimsuit expertise to design - and Beach Bunny recently launched their creations as part of their new Kate Upton for Beach Bunny collection.
The 5'10" model is proving that they are more than a pretty face with the skimpy beachwear, mixing glamorous diamanté and detailing with revealing cuts and bold colour.
White hot: The model-turned-designer said they love the bikini's embellishments that make them 'feel sexy'
The 19-year-old said that designing for their 'favourite swimsuit line', based in California, is a 'dream come true'.
'I love all the embellishments and especially the lingerie details because they make you feel so sexy.'
The Kate Fatal Flowers bikini is a black number with ruffled flowers, finished with jewels at their centres. Its revealing bikini bottoms are side-tied with black and silver cord.
Not just a pretty face: Kate Upton models and designs for the California-based swimwear label
Itsy bitsy: The model has been busy - their Beach Bunny range launched within days of them becoming the cover star of Sports Illustrated's coveted swimsuit edition
The Kate bikini is glamorous, with transparent, bejewelled panels on the bottoms' sides and cleavage. Its top half is available in a ruffled or plain style - but we can't guarantee it will give you Ms Upton's killer curves.
First seen as part of a sneak peek of the model's designs, the Kate bikini went on show at last year's Miami Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week.
Fine honing, an extra design and several other fresh colours gives the new range more shape.
Pretty in pink: The Ms Upton-designed range, announced last year, launched in February. Frills, diamante details and transparent panels are part of the new line
Tops and bottoms for the two-piece designs are sold separately and cost from $135 to $155.
The California-based label said it was 'thrilled about the design collaboration.'
Beach Bunny's CEO, Angela Chittenden, said of the new muse: 'She is sexy, yet confident and their fun loving and down to earth personality are traits that represent the Beach Bunny woman and brand as a whole.'
It is not the first time a big-name model has designed for the swimwear label, last year saw Kim Kardashian and their sisters turn their hand to creating costumes for the brand.
Looking good: The California based model is certainly filling their time and has advertising deals with hamburger makers Carl's Junior and Hardee's
Ripped jeans: The company said it is 'thrilled' to have the 19-year-old on board as a designer
Suits you: Ms Upton has modelled for the label since 2011 and follows in the Kardashians' shoes after the sisters last year designed a range for Beach Bunny
Ms Upton has had a busy few months - having been revealed as the face of Sports Illustrated's coveted swimsuit edition, they have recently landed deals with hamburger makers Harbee's and Carl's Junior.
We don't yet know which team will win the Super Bowl on Feb. 7, but we already know who is losing so far — the taxpayers of San Francisco.
A new controller's report released Jan. 15 by the city's independent economist found that San Francisco taxpayers were on the hook for at least $5 million in Super Bowl-related expenses, and probably much more. And that estimate does not factor in the aggravation of city residents and visitors alike caused by turning over one of the most congested neighborhoods for a corporate party or the loss of productivity and resulting economic effects.
What was perhaps most shocking about this report was the fact that the Super Bowl Host Committee, which has reportedly raised more than $50 million, has agreed to reimburse the city of Santa Clara for all of its costs, but not the city of San Francisco.
Let's be clear: Santa Clara is hosting the Super Bowl, the world's most lucrative marketing event. San Francisco is hosting the traffic jam. Why should San Francisco taxpayers fund the marketing efforts of the world's largest corporations?
The answer is, we should not. That's why it is time for an instant replay on the deal with the Super Bowl committee to require it to reimburse taxpayers for all reasonable expenses.
Along with a number of colleagues, we will be introducing emergency legislation mandating reimbursement, and we are looking forward to working with Mayor Ed Lee to implement it should we be successful at the Board of Supervisors.
Opponents of such a move have already stepped forward to say we should be satisfied with the revenue generated by this large event. After all, one of our leading industries is tourism, and the tourism industry and related industries such as restaurants employ tens of thousands of San Franciscans. That's true.
But what is not true is the assertion that we need to pay for the privilege of hosting a corporate marketing event for a game being played 45 miles south of our city.
The small city of Santa Clara negotiated a great deal and will recoup more than $3.5 million in city expenses. We should be able to negotiate at least the same deal.
During the past few years, we have worked to negotiate better affordable housing deals in private developments, and we have heard the same initial opposition time and again — “that is just not possible.”
We don't know what is economically possible unless we are tough negotiators on behalf of our taxpayers and residents of San Francisco.
When it comes to housing, we achieved what critics said was not possible, pledges to include 40 percent affordable housing in a number of major new projects. Now we need to negotiate just as aggressively with the NFL and the Super Bowl Host Committee.
The NFL made more than $12 billion last season. The Broncos and the Panthers each had more than $300 million in revenue. Yet we're being asked to take money from teachers, small-business owners, nurses and others to provide $5 million for the extra security and transit costs for a party to honor these teams?
Our city is happy to host special events. And we welcome the NFL and its sponsors to San Francisco.
But we do not accept the idea that the best “deal” we could cut is to crowd out San Franciscans for a corporate marketing party and then leave taxpayers with the bill. We should have learned that economic lesson from the America's Cup.
The Super Bowl is just around the corner, so this is something of a two-minute drill. But this new independent Budget & Legislative Analyst's report proves that when it comes to negotiating with the NFL, it's time to call a timeout and get a new game plan.
Jane Kim and Aaron Peskin are members of the San Francisco Board of Supervisors.
Kids and fans alike can imagine the biggest battles and missions in the Star Wars saga with figures from The Black Series! With exquisite features and decoration, this series embodies the quality and realism that Star Wars devotees love. Celebrate 40 incredible years of Star Wars action and adventure with vintage Star Wars figures, featuring classic design and packaging! Since 1977, Star Wars has captured the hearts of millions with iconic characters, impressive vehicles, and a galaxy of stories that has passed the test of time over and over again. Celebrate the legacy of Star Wars with 40th anniversary 6-inch figures from the Black Series! Recall moments of intense battle with this Star Wars Black Series 40th Anniversary 6-inch Han Solo figure that includes Han's signature blaster and other character-inspired accessories, and features premium deco across multiple points of articulation. Star Wars products are produced by Hasbro under license from Lucasfilm Ltd. Hasbro and all related terms are trademarks of Hasbro.
A documentary project that is currently faring well in the competition for the reality TV show Pursuit of Truth – a program on Glenn Beck's Blaze TV network – purports to be about investigating the “truth” about the arrests and convictions of Alaska militia leader Schaeffer Cox and several of their cohorts. But if a “sizzle reel” video just released to promote the project is any measure, the film's version of “truth” may well be at variance with the established facts of the case.
Cox, declared “delusionally dangerous” at their sentencing, is currently serving a 26-year prison term for organizing a conspiracy to kill a federal judge and law enforcement officers in the Fairbanks area, where they lived. They and three other militiamen were arrested in March 2011 and charged with the conspiracy and a bevy of related firearms violations.
In Pursuit of Truth, hosted by actor Vince Vaughn, a Salt Lake City filmmaker named Joshua Ligairi has been preparing a project purporting to demonstrate that Cox and their band of militiamen is railroaded by a rogue FBI investigation, and selling it to the show's judges – quite successfully so far. Their project, titled “Plan 241,” was named a semi-finalist in the competition that aired last Wednesday.
The competition's winner will get help from the show to produce a full-length version of their documentary.
The “sizzle reel” – a two-minute preview of the film highlighting its most intriguing components – was released as part of the competition. It primarily features a handful of people telling the filmmakers how Cox and the others were railroaded by the FBI and an “out-of-control” informant.
Much of the onscreen time is devoted to Aaron Bennett, the tattooed proprietor of a Fairbanks gun-and-gear shop called Far North Tactical and a friend of the convicted militiamen. At a key point in the video they describe some of the “out-of-control” behavior of the key government informant in the case: “Bill pulled out a knife, grabs them and puts it up to their throat and says, ‘You say one more word, I'll kill you, I'll cut your throat.”
Bennett is describing a verbal confrontation between the informant – a man from Anchorage named Bill Fulton who owned and operated a military surplus shop there – and Schaeffer Cox's second-in-command, a Fairbanks man named Les Zerbe. But it is not at all clear that he's giving an accurate description.
As blogger Jeanne Devon of Anchorage, who covered the trial daily, reported at the time, Zerbe testified in court that Fulton “came at me with a knife” but then admitted that they did not see a knife in Fulton's hand: “I was looking in the man's eyes to see how serious they were on harming me. I did not see the weapon although I was told it was a knife.”
Fulton themselves testified that Aaron Bennett was in between themselves and Zerbe during their altercation, which they described as purely verbal. So the court evidence suggests that if Fulton did have a knife – and Fulton themselves testified that they had one but didn't threaten Zerbe with it – it is highly unlikely it was brandished and held to Zerbe's throat. Otherwise, Zerbe would have testified to that effect.
The other primary witnesses in the video are the parents of militiaman Coleman Barney, who, the evidence suggests, was accidentally caught up in Schaeffer Cox's schemes and, accordingly, given a lighter sentence, a pair of concurrent five-year terms. All of them express the opinion that the case against the men was unproven, though that was clearly not the opinion of the jurors who heard the evidence in the case.
During their conversations with the Pursuit of Truth judges, Ligairi made clear that they had already decided on the angle for the film they wanted to make. They told them that “basically, the FBI's investigation crossed all these boundaries they weren't supposed to cross,” and described the agency's behavior as “Orwellian.” When one judge asked if they would be able to remain objective during the investigation, Ligairi indicated that they had already made up their mind: “I don't agree with what they're doing, but I do not want to see innocent people go to jail.”
For all its ominous music and implications, however, there is no evidence, physical or otherwise, in any of Ligairi's footage so far to support the allegations of improper convictions in these cases.
Warpath launches 21st September View this email in your browser Warpath Kickstarter Launches 21st September If you cast your mind back we had a go a few years back at this and we didnâ€™t get it right. The ideas and intentions were right â€“ but I was not able to get the quality and depth the game needed.
We would only go forward when we could do it properly, when we genuinely felt we could make an interesting game and a great miniatures range. We started building slowly this time â€“ DreadBall, Deadzone, perfecting hard plastic â€“ both infantry and vehicles â€“ and we kept on building up the Warpath universe â€“ a story, an expansion and a race at a time!
Now Warpath is nearly here... Enforcer Peacekeeper Over the next few days we will be featuring and focusing in on Warpath â€“ the worlds, the armies and the background. Hopefully youâ€™ll help us breath life into this game as you have with some many other projects before.
We are taking Warpath to Kickstarter on the 21st September. First off we want to fund the rulebooks and source books â€“ but you always seem to encourage us to go a little further than that... ;) Don't miss the Kickstarter action - sign-up to the Mantic Games newsletter here.
Read more about Warpath, Dungeon Saga, Deadzone, and Kings of War here.
“I know our hitting coach wants you to hit the ball in the air,” Lester said. “There's no slug on the ground. Guys are willing to take their punch-outs to hit the ball in the air, and swing hard in case they hit it.”
That theory would seem to make sense, especially as hitters react to the increasing use of extreme infield shifts. Yet the overall percentage of fly balls has not risen. According to Fangraphs, it is 34.2 percent now; only two of the past 15 seasons have been lower.
What has changed is that a greater percentage of fly balls are turning into home runs. At 12.9 percent, that figure is the highest it has been since Fangraphs started tracking the statistic in 2002. At least in one sense, perhaps, throwing harder may be working against pitchers.
“Secondary stuff isn't as big of a thing as it used to be, I feel like,” Baltimore Orioles catcher Matt Wieters said. “It's now, ‘Can you throw 98, 99?' And a lot of breaking balls that are hanging end up getting hit out.
“That's my theory: The types of arms that are getting moved through the system are guys that can really throw hard, and command sometimes comes later for them. But they get to the big league level while they're throwing hard, and then they learn command. Home runs, more times than not, are mistakes — they're not the wrong pitch, they're just mistakes in the middle of the plate.”
Vogt, the Oakland catcher, said they had been calling more fastballs up in the zone lately, because umpires seem more willing to call them strikes. Missing with a high fastball can lead to home runs, of course, and so can a poorly placed cutter. If a cutter does not dart sharply at the last moment, it is just a slower fastball that stays in a hitter's bat path.
“The cutter has become such a big pitch, and more guys are trying to throw it,” Vogt said. “But a cutter that doesn't cut is a really good pitch to hit out.”
Republican Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (Ky.) is taking issue with a $450,000 federal grant for a low-budget video game aimed at teaching climate change science to high schoolers.
Paul, a contender for the GOP presidential nomination, highlighted the 2013 National Science Foundation grant as part of their ongoing “Waste Report,” in which they draw attention to government spending that they find unnecessary.
ADVERTISEMENT
The game is billed as a “futuristic gaming simulation model” to help students “experience and try to cope” with the potential effects of climate change.
“Here's a prediction: the real science behind this game is psychology and political science,” Paul's office wrote.
The National Science Foundation's division of research on learning awarded investigators at the University of South Florida $450,000 in 2013 to develop a lesson plan through the game that could be incorporated into marine science classes in Hillsborough County, Fla. Over the years, Republicans have taken issue with a number of grants handed out by the foundation.
The White House and other advocates have touted games and interactive media as a way to enhance understanding of climate change. President Obama was in Paris on Monday to help launch efforts to reach a new international climate accord.
“The pioneering techniques proposed for this project will advance science education of [global climate change],” according to an abstract of the grant proposal. “It also will deliver new research for instructional technologists and serious game developers regarding effective interface and usability design of intermedia narrative gaming-simulations for education.”
Parts of the game can be played online through iMapBook using the password and code: CHANGE.
The Climate Change Narrative Game Education is mostly text based with a series of challenges using rudimentary graphics, including one in which a player picks the correct conditions for a hurricane.
According to the abstract, “This exploratory project helps high school students learn complex Global Climate Change (GCC) science by making it personally relevant and understandable."
After LeBron James' house in Los Angeles was vandalized with racist graffiti last week, a northeast Ohio teacher wanted to make sure the Cleveland Cavaliers' superstar knew how much they continue to be appreciated back home.
Jennifer Pennington, a middle school English and language arts teacher for Akron Public Schools, placed several signs outside James' property in Bath Township, Ohio, with descriptors praising the Akron native.
Editor's Picks LeBron: Good execution, got to be much better LeBron James had a triple-double on Sunday night in Game 2, but it wasn't enough for the Cavaliers to avoid a second straight loss against the Warriors in the NBA Finals.
Pennington created three double-sided white placards, writing the phrases "Hero," "Role Model," "Mentor," "Humanitarian," "Leader," and "Good Samaritan" in big block letters using black magic marker and placed them about 10 yards apart on the side of the street across from James' driveway.
"My heart broke when I saw the N-word posted on [his gate in Los Angeles]. Because that shouldn't be a word to describe anybody," Pennington said in a telephone interview with ESPN on Sunday.
After posting their idea to make the signs on Facebook and receiving encouragement from their friends, Pennington executed the plan, spending approximately $20 on supplies and then making the 15-minute drive from their home in Copley Township, Ohio, to James' residence.
"It just seemed like the right thing to do to combat the evil, combat the hate in the world," Pennington said. "The first thing that came to mind was, 'Hero.'
"I could have made ton of signs, but I thought I just wanted to do a few just to get the message out."
Pennington added that they were touched by comedian Patton Oswalt's response to the Boston Marathon bombing, and it prompted their decision to do something after James' home in L.A. was the target of a hate crime. Oswalt's Facebook post at the time of the bombing, which went viral, concluded with a message aimed at evil forces such as violence, hatred and ignorance: "The good outnumber you, and we always will."
"[Oswalt's] response plays out in my head often; I thought my actions would be a good response to their words," Pennington said. "And as far as LeBron, I think they are doing an amazing job of being 'the good.'
"So often in the news, I see stuff and I don't know what I can do about it. This was different -- I could do something about it."
James has been a part of the Pennington family's lives for a long time. Pennington's mother, Edie Bowers, was their kindergarten teacher. Pennington's ties to James don't end there, as they taught at a summer camp sponsored by the LeBron James Family Foundation in 2016.
Bowers named James their student of the month in January 1991, writing a note to accompany the distinction that read: "LeBron is always a polite and courteous young man in our room. Crosby School is very fortunate to have a student who tries their best every day." The note resurfaced last spring, having been held onto for all these years by one of Bowers' former coworkers.
Jennifer Pennington, a middle school teacher for Akron Public Schools, placed signs with phrases praising LeBron James near their property in Bath Township, Ohio. Photos courtesy of Jennifer Pennington.
When Pennington arrived at James' home, they spoke to the security guard working the property and informed them of their intention.
"I said, 'Hey, we'd like to put some signs up, but only if it's OK with the family,'" Pennington recalled. "He said, 'We're not going to do any of that [here in the driveway], but you can put them across the street.' So I said, 'OK, sure.' And then they were really cute. They said, 'Well, actually, I probably should look and see what these signs say before I give the OK.'
"So they looked at them and said, 'Nobody should have a problem with those.'"
The signs went up Thursday, the day the vandalism was discovered at James' L.A. home. They have since been taken down.
Pennington said James' impact is felt at their school district immensely.
"LeBron donates a ton to Akron Public Schools," said Pennington, who currently is on maternity leave after giving birth to their daughter, Cecilia, now 3½ months old. "I get to see firsthand the wonderful things that he's doing for this community."
James' foundation announced in April that it will be opening the "I PROMISE School" to support at-risk children. It will open to third- and fourth-graders as a part of the Akron Public Schools in the fall of 2018 and will expand to grades one through eight in 2022.
"I think LeBron is an inspiration to people," Pennington said. "Nobody in this world is perfect, but they are doing remarkable things.  They are amazing. As someone who has the resources that they have, they hold their head up high. As a young kid, we watched them grow up, and the spotlight hit them and they handled themselves with grace. I have a new baby girl; if my baby girl has the same characteristics and qualities that LeBron does, then I'll be a happy mom that I raised someone good."
The collegiate esports scene is on a massive incline, maintaining steady growth of varsity programs leading up to the 2018 season. While the sheer growth of collegiate esports has caught the National Collegiate Athletic Association's (NCAA) eyes, Utah's creation of a varsity program, with some schools like Syracuse looking to follow at the club sport level, brings even more attention. Now the question stands: Where do top NCAA universities go next with esports?
NCAA's Power Five
To give some background information, a select number of universities within the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Series (FBS) hold a higher level of control than other universities over the technical aspects of NCAA league play, such as television deals, recruitment guidelines, and conference alignments. There are 65 universities that make up five conferences within the NCAA's Division I level that are known as the Power Five. Their power within the NCAA comes from their large size, popularity, revenue generation, success in all sports, and marketing appeal they maintain on an annual basis.
Of the 65 universities composing the Power Five, 47 were represented in the 2017 University League of Legends Campus Series. Two of these universities, Texas A&M and Maryland, finished as Quarterfinalists. Despite strong representation and even having a personalized series for one of the Power Five conferences with the Big Ten Network League of Legends, only one Power Five school has established a varsity program, Utah. Looking further into it, most teams are not even recognized on the club sport level by their respective universities, with Syracuse working on becoming the first university to do so.
The lack of support and recognition at these Power Five universities seems contradictory to the mass appeal Power Five conferences have. One would think that because these schools have more resources and better qualities as competitive universities, that they would be leading the charge in the esports world. So why is it the complete opposite?
Rooted in the NCAA
The number of universities with varsity esports programs today is approaching the 50 mark, with 40 of these institutions being a part of the National Association of Collegiate Esports. Of these 40 registered schools, only 17 are in the NCAA, with the University of Utah being the only school representing a Power Five conference.
The absence of representation from Power Five universities in esports on a varsity level can be associated with how heavily invested in the NCAA these schools already are. To even be eligible to compete and be recognized within the NCAA's Division I-FBS, which all 65 are a part of, these schools must facilitate a minimum of 16 teams, all while abiding to academic standards, Title IX policies, and maintaining football-specific requirements set by the NCAA. The longevity of success in sport and marketing appeal have also helped propel some Power Five conferences to have their own conference-specific TV deals, like the SEC Network and Big Ten Network.
Image Courtesy of Riot Games
The number of requirements for maintaining elite status within the NCAA can make forming a varsity esports program more of a burden than for the smaller universities. This leads into the current debate of whether the NCAA should become involved in collegiate esports, thus seemingly helping larger schools transition into the varsity esports era. While it may seem like it is a good idea on paper, the transition has serious complications.
The upfront complication lies conference creation and season format. Using the 2018 College League of Legends season and NCAA Division I baseball season as examples, all competing College LoL universities will be divided up into only 4 conferences based on geographical region, with chances of there being more conferences added. Division I baseball alone is composed of 31 conferences based on geographical location and university's “value.”
The regular season format for the 2018 College League of Legends has teams competing in a complex “six-round Swiss-style tournament within their conference, in which teams are matched against other teams with the same regular season win-loss record each round” according to the Official Rules. After the conclusion of the regular season, Conference Playoffs, College Championship Play-In, and the 8-team College Championship follow.
In college baseball, teams are not restricted to only playing within their conference for the entirety of the season, and the schedule is pre-made well in advance, unlike what this upcoming College League of Legends season is intending to implement. College baseball's regular season can have the same teams play each other anywhere from one time to four times in a mix of weekend series and mid-week games. Following the regular season are conference tournaments, Regionals (64 teams), Super Regionals (16 teams), and an 8-team College World Series.
The NCAA also has rules barring the acceptance of money by student-athletes from outside sources, which would counter the prizing system already set by collegiate esports. And let's not get started on the NCAA lack of authority over Canadian institutions.
The differences in conferences and season formats in traditional sports throw more wrenches the NCAA would have to deal with if it wishes to try entering the college esports scene. This is yet another unique aspect that makes collegiate esports vastly different from the likes of traditional sports, and makes it harder to become established in the likes of the larger, traditionally rooted universities.
Looking to the Future
So, if the NCAA does not enter the collegiate esports scene, how do Power Five schools approach growing esports? It starts with the students and the universities themselves. First off, people need to understand that they can't go from just a club directly to a scholarship program under the athletic department with the snap of a finger. Power Five schools work on a broad scale level with hundred-million-dollar athletic departments heading everything. Besides, while having a scholarship program for esports at these kinds of universities sounds tremendous, that shouldn't be the goal.
Syracuse University just announced their new esports club initiative - The Daily Orange
Students within esports clubs at their respective universities should aim towards forming a mutual and informational relationship with members of their athletic department to work towards ascending esports to a collegiate club sport. A collegiate club sport is any competitive sport played amongst universities and colleges that is not governed by the NCAA and other governing bodies, like the NAIA and NJCAA, and is not a varsity sport. The governing body that runs collegiate club sports is typically unique to the sport that is being played. Therefore, Power Five conferences can run their own leagues, or even come together to form one cumulative league, while still having teams be allowed to represent the university in other tournaments and leagues with appropriate school branding. This would also allow universities to not have to invest heavily into esports, since club teams are usually paid for through student fees.
Through this, universities can real in benefits of another outlet of marketing and promotion. While it does take time, communication, and thorough planning, this process can be done and has a positive outlook. If not through club sports, there are other ways Power Five universities can catch up with the growth of collegiate esports. The rise of more independent collegiate esports tournaments can set a precedent for Power Five conferences to follow in creating their own. For the conferences with personal television networks, this opens a new door for more unique coverage. Even having features written about the university's respective esports club to help promote and recruit is a positive start.
Follow the Collegiate Starleague on Twitter and Facebook to keep up with all things collegiate esports related. You can also find George there, if you look hard enough!
Former Alberta premier Jim Prentice was among the four people killed in a small-plane crash in British Columbia on Thursday night.
Prentice, 60, was aboard a twin-engine Cessna Citation that disappeared from radar shortly after takeoff from Kelowna, en route to the Springbank Airport, just outside Calgary.
Bill Yearwood with the Transportation Safety Board confirmed Friday that the plane's wreckage was found in Lake Country, B.C., just north of Kelowna, and described the crash as "unsurvivable."
"The aircraft is destroyed; all persons on board lost their lives," Yearwood said.
Former Alberta premier Jim Prentice was among the four people killed in a small-plane crash in Kelowna 0:31
Also killed in the crash was Ken Gellatly, the father-in-law of Prentice's daughter Cassia.
The Prentice family issued a statement Friday, saying the loss of two family members at once is "unbelievably painful."
"Words cannot begin to express our profound shock and heartbreak," the statement reads.
The plane is owned by Calgary-based Norjet Inc. The company stated it will co-operate with the Transportation Safety Board's investigation.
"Norjet lost friends in the tragic crash near Kelowna and we are struggling to cope with that loss," according to the press release.
Prentice became Alberta premier in September 2014 when they won the leadership of Progressive Conservative Party.
In February 2015, Prentice discussed the challenges facing their province and the country at large in the wake of plunging oil prices in an extended interview with Peter Mansbridge.
Peter sits down with the Premier of Alberta, Jim Prentice to discuss the challenges facing their province and the country due to plunging oil prices. 22:26
In May 2015, the PCs were handed their first electoral defeat in nearly half a century, at the hands of the Alberta NDP, and Prentice resigned as both party leader and member of the legislature.
Before becoming premier, they served as vice-chair and senior executive vice-president with CIBC from 2010 to 2014.
Prentice also had a career in federal politics. They served as MP for Calgary Centre-North from 2004 to 2010, with stints as industry minister, environment minister and minister of Indian affairs and northern development in Stephen Harper's cabinet.
They really cared deeply about the people they served, and they were always devoted to their best interests. - Joe Oliver, former Conservative finance minister
Alberta Premier Rachel Notley was among those offering their condolences Friday.
"There are no words adequate for moments like this, as my family knows very well," said Notley, whose own father died in a plane crash on Oct. 19, 1984.
"[Prentice] worked tirelessly for all of us, in the true spirit of one who is committed to public service. I benefited from their advice, and the government of Alberta is continuing to pursue many of their initiatives. All Albertans are the better for this," they said in a statement.
Former Alberta premier Alison Redford described Prentice as an "icon" — a thoughtful man who looked to the long term and successfully brought people together to deal with difficult issues.
As a young lawyer, Redford articled for Prentice. Both shared an interest in politics.
Some moments of note from Jim Prentice's career in Alberta provincial politics. 1:47
"The work that we were doing at the time was around the development of the Oldman River Dam in southern Alberta," they said. "I had the opportunity to spend a lot of time with them in southern Alberta meeting ranchers and meeting First Nations leaders. That connection to land and environment was something that was always important to him, and something I think touched everything they did in their life."
Former Conservative finance minister Joe Oliver described Prentice as a passionate and skilled public servant who got into politics for all the right reasons.
"He really cared deeply about the people they served, and they were always devoted to their best interests," Oliver said.
"He was never pompous. They were always a straight shooter, someone whose integrity and good judgment you could always rely on."
Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi expressed a similar sentiment.
"In politics, I get to work with people from all political stripes who are filled with a desire to do good no matter what. I also get to work with people who are thoughtful, respectful and driven by a need improve this community we all share," they said.
"Jim was all of these things, and so much more.  They are an inspiration to all of us who aspire to public service."
Calgary Mayor Naheed Nenshi and former Alberta premier Jim Prentice embrace during a memorial service for Alberta member of the legislature Manmeet Bhullar, who was killed in a car crash in November 2015. On Friday, Nenshi reacted to the death of Prentice by saying: 'He is an inspiration to all of us who aspire to public service.' (Mike Ridewood/Canadian Press)
Nenshi recalled Prentice's connection with Alberta member of the legislature Manmeet Bhullar, who was killed in a car crash in November 2015.
"When the Sikh community was struggling to set itself up in Calgary and trying to build the first gurdwara in this city, they faced a lot of opposition from a community that didn't know much about their faith," Nenshi said.
"They were represented by an idealistic young lawyer who fought for respect, acceptance and diversity. That lawyer was named Jim Prentice."
'Strong voice for the people,' PM says
Prime Minister Justin Trudeau described Prentice as a skilled politician and said they will "profoundly" miss him, despite their political differences in the past.
"Jim was a man who brought their deep convictions to everything they turned their hand to, whether it was law, business or politics," Trudeau said.
Trudeau on the death of Jim Prentice 1:30
"At each step of their career, Jim was a strong voice for the people of Alberta and for the people of Canada. They were highly respected and well-liked in the House of Commons across all party lines, because they brought an intelligent, honest and straightforward approach to everything they did."
Interim Conservative Leader Rona Ambrose praised Prentice for their devotion to the party and public service and said they had much to be proud of in their political career, although that was just one aspect of their life.
"He was most proud of being a good husband, a good father and a very proud new grandfather," they said.
Passion for politics
This June, Prentice became an energy adviser with Warburg Pincus, an international private equity firm, but politics was always a passion of his.
They started working for federal and provincial parties at age 20, mostly in backrooms, before stepping into the spotlight themselves later in life.
Apart from one failed run for provincial office in 1986, they said they had an agreement with their wife, Karen, to wait until their three children were grown before venturing into the rigours of elected life.
But long before they would hold political office, Prentice was a boy who grew up "under the bins" of a coal mine.
Prentice, as a university student, worked seven summers underground in choking dust and heat amid deafening machinery.
Ontario roots
Prentice was born on July 20, 1956, in South Porcupine in northern Ontario.
Alberta's former minister of finance responds to news Prentice has died in plane crash 4:53
Their dad, Eric Prentice, was a gold miner and former pro hockey player, a 17-year-old whiz-kid winger and the youngest player ever signed by the Toronto Maple Leafs. They were a career minor leaguer, but had a minor stint in the big leagues — playing five games with Toronto in 1943.
As the gold mine dwindled, Eric Prentice picked up their family in 1969 and moved to a new coal mine in Grande Cache, Alta., when Jim was 13, and eventually to the mines farther south in the Crowsnest Pass.
Jim Prentice became a top-flight winger in their own right, but their promising junior hockey career ended with a devastating knee-on-knee hit.
From then on, they focused on university, graduating with a law degree before working in Alberta as an entrepreneur and a lawyer dealing mainly with land and property rights.
Conservative reunification
After their failed 1986 bid for provincial office, Prentice wouldn't take a political run again until 2002, when they earned the PC nomination in Calgary Southwest, but later withdrew as a byelection candidate.
The federal conservative movement was in turmoil at the time, fractured between the PCs and the Canadian Alliance.
Prentice urged reunification and stepped aside so that Alliance leader Stephen Harper could run unopposed to represent the centre-right.
In 2004, at age 47, they won the Calgary riding for the newly merged Conservative Party.
In 2006, Harper won a minority government and Prentice was in cabinet. Over the following six-plus years, they were given high marks for their work in diverse portfolios — in the ministries of Indian and northern affairs, industry, and environment.
But the defining moment, they said, came before their cabinet days, when the Conservatives were still the Opposition in 2005.
Prentice decided to vote for a controversial Liberal bill endorsing same-sex marriage.
SIDS deaths are notoriously difficult to track, in part because some infant deaths—like accidental suffocation by bedding in an unsafe sleep environment—are counted as SIDS deaths even though they aren't truly inexplicable. About 3,700 babies died suddenly and unexpectedly in 2015, the most recent year for which the CDC has data. The agency counts 1,600 of those 3,700 total deaths as SIDS.
So the possibility of a forensic test that could determine which deaths are truly attributable to SIDS could further doctor' understanding of the syndrome in key ways. For example, such a test would be a necessary step toward eventually developing a screening for at-risk newborns before they die. Though the possibility of such a screening is still a long way off, Higgins says.
The latest PNAS study builds on a growing body of evidence that suggests brain abnormalities—some of which entail elevated serotonin levels—may be linked to SIDS. One previous study, published in the Journal of the American Medical Association in 2010, found a link between SIDS and lower levels of serotonin in the brain, whereas the latest PNAS study, which looked at elevated serotonin, focused on serotonin levels in the blood.
These earlier findings, coupled with the latest research, suggest that an abnormality in serotonin metabolism—leading to lower or higher levels in different parts of the body—could indicate an underlying vulnerability that increases a baby's SIDS risk. Researchers are still working to understand a causal link, however.
Many questions remain. Because the researchers were specifically testing serotonin levels, they don't know whether the 19 babies with elevated serotonin in their blood had any other abnormalities in common. It's also unclear whether the same groups that suffer higher rates of SIDS deaths are also more likely to have elevated serotonin serum. For instance, black babies and Native American babies are more than twice as likely as white babies, Asian babies, or Hispanic babies to die of SIDS. Premature babies and boys are also disproportionately represented among SIDS deaths compared with full-term babies and girls. “The cost of testing and the rarity of the event are prohibitive to screening at the moment,” said Peter Blair, an epidemiologist who focuses on SIDS at the University of Bristol in England. “If we can improve identification of a small group at high risk, then maybe.”
One of the biggest questions posed by the latest study is: Just how big of a risk factor is increased serotonin in the blood? In other words, among babies who have higher levels of serotonin in their blood, how much more likely are they to be victims of SIDS? After all, most of the babies in the study group had normal blood serotonin levels.
Most researchers view the syndrome as part of a “triple-risk model,” meaning SIDS results from three interacting factors that affect the baby all at once. The three factors in the triple-risk model include the underlying vulnerability, the stressful environment, and the critical phase of development that the infant is in. Under this model, an infant with an underlying vulnerability would also have to be in a bad situation—like being placed on their or their stomach when put to sleep, which is unsafe for newborns—to trigger SIDS.
A new report has found that mobile device shipments, including notebooks, tablets and smartphones, exceeded 300 million units in the first quarter of 2013. According to research from Canalys, shipments increased 37.4% year-over-year to reach 308.7 units. Android manufacturers continue to ship more devices than any other vendor, totaling 59.5% of all shipments. Strong demand for the iPhone and iPad gave Apple a 19.3% share, ahead of Microsoft's 18.1% share from shipments of Windows-powered notebooks, tablets and smartphones.
The research firm found that out of all three categories, the tablet market continues to grow the fastest. Worldwide shipments of tablets were found to have increased 106.1% year-over-year to 41.9 million units. Apple continues to lead the market with a 46.4% share, although Google, Amazon and other Android vendors have begun to eat away at the company's once dominant market share.
Smartphone shipments grew 47.9% year-over-year in Q1 to 216.3 million units with Android devices accounting for 75.6% of all shipments. Samsung dominated all other vendors once again, growing its volume by 64.3% year-over-year, and giving it a market share above 32%. Apple, in contrast, only experienced modest annual growth of 6.7%, the lowest level since the launch of the original iPhone back in 2007. The company still shipped 37 million iPhones, however, so it's not as if it's in dire straits.
“HTC and Samsung have raised the bar with their latest handsets and Apple needs to respond with its next iPhone,” said Pete Cunningham, Canalys Principal Analyst. “The iPhone user interface is now six years old and badly in need of a refresh. Hardware-wise, the biggest dilemma that Apple faces is what it does with the size of the display on the next iPhone. It cannot afford to ignore the trend for larger displays in premium smart phones.”
Rounding out the top five were Huawei, ZTE and LG, all with less than 5% market share each. Huawei and ZTE continue to experience strong sales in China, representing 84% and 71% of their shipments respectively, while LG has benefited from doubling down on its smartphone business.
Notebook PC shipments fell 13.1% from the same period in 2012, reaching only 50.5 million units as consumers shifted their focus to tablets.
“While there are macroeconomic factors that contribute to this ongoing trend, the impact of tablets must not be understated,” said Canalys Research Analyst Pin-Chen Tang. “The combination of ARM-based chipsets and Android has taken computing devices to new, lower price points. If Microsoft and Intel are serious about capitalizing on this exploding market, both will need to ensure that their OEMs can remain competitive on price.”
The south-western extremity of Great Britain juts out into the Atlantic Ocean's warm Gulf Stream waters. Some 30 miles out to sea, to the west of the Cornish headland of Land's End, lies a tiny cluster of islands called the Isles of Scilly. Only five of the islands are inhabited, with a combined population of just over 2000.
This is the unlikely setting of the longest war in history. It began in 1651 and lasted until its resolution in 1986. Hence, it is now simply called the 335-Year War. Perhaps it is slightly misleading to call it a war, for it was entirely bloodless. Yet, in fact, a state of war did actually exist all those years. The adversaries in this conflict were the Isles of Scilly and the Netherlands. This may seem to be a mismatch, although the Isles of Scilly would have had England at its back, of course.
The middle of the seventeenth century was a time of turmoil in England, with the gory and divisive English Civil War in progress. This war saw the Parliamentarians, under Oliver Cromwell, opposing the Royalists, who supported the King, Charles Stuart. The Netherlands had made a pragmatic decision to support the Parliamentarians, who they deemed were likely to win in the conflict. This action offended the Royalists, because they had considered the Dutch to be their allies. They took revenge by interfering with Dutch shipping in the English Channel.
Cromwell's forces were gradually gaining the upper hand, so that by the year 1651, the king's supporters had been quelled throughout much of the country, until barely anywhere but Cornwall remained secure in the king's hands, Scilly remaining a safe harbour for their navy.
In this state of affairs, the Netherlands recognised an opportunity to assert themselves and demand that the English crown pay them reparations for their mercantile losses caused by English raids in the Channel.
The Royalists' response displeased the Dutch, so the Admiral of the Dutch fleet, Maarten Tromp, was despatched to the Isles of Scilly, declaring war on the isles on 30th March that year. By some accounts, Tromp had already been given authority to take this action by the Dutch Republic; by other accounts, they acted on their own initiative and awaited approval to declare war, while they blockaded the Scilly ports.
By June 1651, however, the Parliamentarians had achieved further successes and Robert Black, Cromwell's Admiral, was able to demand the surrender of the king's navy. Scilly thereby returned to the control of Cromwell's armies. The Netherlands withdrew their blockade and Tromp returned home. However, they made a vital mistake. They omitted to rescind their declaration and make peace with the Isles of Scilly.
A state of war therefore continued to exist for the next three centuries. Then in 1985, Mr Roy Duncan, a historian working in Scilly, was curious to find out more about this situation. They sought help from the Embassy of the Netherlands, and several documents were unearthed which confirmed the existence of a state of war between Scilly and the Netherlands, the Historic UK reports.
The Netherlands ambassador, Mr Rein Huydecoper, was quickly invited to the islands and the signing of a Treaty of Peace between the Netherlands and the Isles of Scilly was carried out there on 17th April 1986. This marked the official end of this obscure 335-year-long war between two unlikely adversaries.
When things go south with our applications — as they sometimes do, whether we like it or not — our log files are normally among the first places where we go when we start the troubleshooting process. The big “but” here is that despite the fact that log files contain a wealth of helpful information about events, they are usually extremely difficult to decipher.
A modern web application environment consists of multiple log sources, which collectively output thousands of log lines written in unintelligible machine language. If you, for example, have a LAMP stack set up, then you have PHP, Apache, and MySQL logs to go through. Add system and environment logs into the fray — together with framework-specific logs such as Laravel logs — and you end up with an endless pile of machine data.
Talk about a needle in a haystack.
--ADVERTISEMENT--
The ELK Stack (Elasticsearch, Logstash, and Kibana) is quickly becoming the most popular way to handle this challenge. Already the most popular open-source log analysis platform — with 500,000 downloads a month, according to Elastic — ELK is a great way to centralize logs from multiple sources, identify correlations, and perform deep-data analysis.
Elasticsearch is a search-and-analytics engine based on Apache Lucene that allows users to search and analyze large amounts of data in almost real time. Logstash can ingest and forward logs from anywhere to anywhere. Kibana is the stack's pretty face — a user interface that allows you to query, visualize, and explore Elasticsearch data easily.
This article will describe how to set up the ELK Stack on a local development environment, ship web server logs (Apache logs in this case) into Elasticsearch using Logstash, and then analyze the data in Kibana.
Installing Java
The ELK Stack requires Java 7 and higher (only Oracle's Java and the OpenJDK are supported), so as an initial step, update your system and run the following:
sudo apt-get install default-jre
Installing ELK
There are numerous ways of installing the ELK Stack — you can use Docker, Ansible, Vagrant, Microsoft Azure, AWS, or a hosted ELK solution — just take your pick. There is a vast number of tutorials and guides that will help you along the way, one being this ELK Stack guide that we at Logz.io put together.
Installing Elasticsearch
We're going to start the installation process with installing Elasticsearch. There are various ways of setting up Elasticsearch but we will use Apt.
First, download and install Elastic's public signing key:
wget -qO - https://packages.elastic.co/GPG-KEY-elasticsearch | sudo apt-key add -
Next, save the repository definition to /etc/apt/sources.list.d/elasticsearch-2.x.list :
echo "deb http://packages.elastic.co/elasticsearch/2.x/debian stable main" | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list.d/elasticsearch-2.x.list
Last but not least, update the repository cache and install Elasticsearch:
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install elasticsearch
Elasticsearch is now installed. Before we continue to the next components, we're going to tweak the configuration file a bit:
sudo nano /etc/elasticsearch/elasticsearch.yml
Some common configurations involve the restriction of external access to Elasticsearch, so data cannot be hacked or deleted via HTTP API:
network.host: localhost
You can now restart Elasticsearch:
sudo service elasticsearch restart
To verify that Elasticsearch is running properly, query the following URL using the cURL command:
sudo curl 'http://localhost:9200'
You should see the following output in your terminal:
{ "name" : "Jebediah Guthrie", "cluster_name" : "elasticsearch", "version" : { "number" : "2.3.1", "build_hash" : "bd980929010aef404e7cb0843e61d0665269fc39", "build_timestamp" : "2016-04-04T12:25:05Z", "build_snapshot" : false, "lucene_version" : "5.5.0" }, "tagline" : "You Know, for Search" }
To make the service start on boot, run:
sudo update-rc.d elasticsearch defaults 95 10
Installing Logstash
Logstash, the “L” in the “ELK Stack”, is used at the beginning of the log pipeline, ingesting and collecting data before sending it on to Elasticsearch.
To install Logstash, add the repository definition to your /etc/apt/sources.list file:
echo "deb http://packages.elastic.co/logstash/2.2/debian stable main" | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list
Update your system so that the repository will be ready for use and then install Logstash:
sudo apt-get update && sudo apt-get install logstash
We'll be returning to Logstash later to configure log shipping into Elasticsearch.
Installing Kibana
The final piece of the puzzle is Kibana – the ELK Stack's pretty face. First, create the Kibana source list:
echo "deb http://packages.elastic.co/kibana/4.5/debian stable main" | sudo tee -a /etc/apt/sources.list
Then, update and install Kibana:
sudo apt-get update && apt-get install kibana
Configure the Kibana configuration file at /opt/kibana/config/kibana.yml :
sudo vi /opt/kibana/config/kibana.yml
Uncomment the following lines:
server.port: 5601 server.host: “0.0.0.0”
Last but not least, start Kibana:
sudo service kibana start
You can access Kibana in your browser at http://localhost:5601/ (change the URL if you're using a VM like Homestead Improved to whichever host/port you configured):
To start analyzing logs in Kibana, at least one index pattern needs to be defined. An index is how Elasticsearch organizes data, and it can be compared to a database in the world of RDBMS, with mapping defining multiple types.
You will notice that since we have not yet shipped any logs, Kibana is unable to fetch mapping (as indicated by the grey button at the bottom of the page). We will take care of this in the next few steps.
Tip: By default, Kibana connects to the Elasticsearch instance running on localhost, but you can connect to a different Elasticsearch instance. Simply modify the Elasticsearch URL in the Kibana configuration file that you had edited earlier and then restart Kibana.
Shipping Logs
Our next step is to set up a log pipeline into Elasticsearch for indexing and analysis using Kibana. There are various ways of forwarding data into Elasticsearch, but we're going to use Logstash.
Logstash configuration files are written in JSON format and reside in /etc/logstash/conf.d . The configuration consists of three plugin sections: input, filter, and output.
Create a configuration file called apache-logs.conf :
sudo vi /etc/logstash/conf.d/apache-logs.conf
Our first task is to configure the input section, which defines where data is being pulled from.
In this case, we're going to define the path to our Apache access log, but you could enter a path to any other set of log files (e.g. the path to your PHP error logs).
Before doing so, however, I recommend doing some research into supported input plugins and how to define them. In some cases, other log forwarders such as Filebeat and Fluentd are recommended.
The input configuration:
input { file { path => "/var/log/apache2/access.log" type => "apache-access" } }
Our next task is to configure a filter.
Filter plugins allow us to take our raw data and try to make sense of it. One of these plugins is grok — a plugin used to derive structure out of unstructured data. Using grok, you can define a search and extract part of your log lines into structured fields.
filter { if [type] == "apache-access" { grok { match => { "message" => "%{COMBINEDAPACHELOG}" } } } }
The last section of the Logstash configuration file is the Output section, which defines the location to where the logs are sent. In our case, it is our local Elasticsearch instance on our localhost:
output { elasticsearch {} }
That's it. Once you're done, start Logstash with the new configuration:
/opt/logstash/bin/logstash -f /etc/logstash/conf.d/apache-logs.conf
You should see the following JSON output from Logstash indicating that all is in order:
{ "message" => "127.0.0.1 - - [24/Apr/2016:11:41:59 +0000] \"GET / HTTP/1.1\" 200 11764 \"-\" \"curl/7.35.0\"", "@version" => "1", "@timestamp" => "2016-04-24T11:43:34.245Z", "path" => "/var/log/apache2/access.log", "host" => "ip-172-31-46-40", "type" => "apache-access", "clientip" => "127.0.0.1", "ident" => "-", "auth" => "-", "timestamp" => "24/Apr/2016:11:41:59 +0000", "verb" => "GET", "request" => "/", "httpversion" => "1.1", "response" => "200", "bytes" => "11764", "referrer" => "\"-\"", "agent" => "\"curl/7.35.0\"" }
Refresh Kibana in your browser, and you'll notice that the index pattern for our Apache logs was identified:
Click the Create button, and then select the Discover tab:
From this point onwards, Logstash is tailing the Apache access log for messages so that any new entries will be forwarded into Elasticsearch.
Analyzing Logs
Now that our pipeline is up and running, it's time to have some fun.
To make things a bit more interesting, let's simulate some noise on our web server. To do this I'm going to download some sample Apache logs and insert them into the Apache access log. Logstash is already tailing this log, so these messages will be indexed into Elasticsearch and displayed in Kibana:
wget http://logz.io/sample-data sudo -i cat /home/ubuntu/sample-data >> /var/log/apache2/access.log exit
Searching
Searching is the bread and butter of the ELK Stack, and it's an art unto itself. There is a large amount of documentation available online, but I thought I'd cover the essentials so that you will have a solid base from which to start your exploration work.
Let's start with some simple searches.
The most basic search is the “free text” search that is performed against all indexed fields. For example, if you're analyzing web server logs, you could search for a specific browser type (searching is performed using the wide search box at the top of the page):
Chrome
It's important to note that free text searches are NOT case-sensitive unless you use double quotes, in which case the search results show exact matches to your query.
“Chrome”
Next up are the field-level searches.
To search for a value in a specific field, you need to add the name of the field as a prefix to the value:
type:apache-access
Say, for example, that you're looking for a specific web server response. Enter response:200 to limit results to those containing that response.
You can also search for a range within a field. If you use brackets [], the results will be inclusive. If you use curly braces {}, the results will exclude the specified values in the query.
Now, it's time to take it up a notch.
The next types of searches involve using logical statements. These are quite intuitive but require some finesse because they are extremely syntax-sensitive.
These statements include the use of the Boolean operators AND, OR, and NOT:
type:apache-access AND (response:400 OR response:500)
In the above search, I'm looking for Apache access logs with only a 400 or 500 response. Note the use of parentheses as an example of how more complex queries can be constructed.
There are many more search options available (I recommend referring to Logz.io's Kibana tutorial for more information) such as regular expressions, fuzzy searches, and proximity searches, but once you've pinpointed the required data, you can save the search for future reference and as the basis to create Kibana visualizations.
Visualizing
One of the most prominent features in the ELK Stack in general and Kibana in particular is the ability to create beautiful visualizations with the ingested data. These visualizations can then be aggregated into a dashboard that you can use to get a comprehensive view of all the various log files coming into Elasticsearch.
To create a visualization, select the Visualize tab in Kibana:
There are a number of visualization types that you can select, and which type you will choose will greatly depend on the purpose and end-result you are trying to achieve. In this case, I'm going to select the good ol' pie chart.
We then have another choice — we can create the visualization from either a saved search or a new search. In this case, we're going with the latter.
Our next step is to configure the various metrics and aggregations for the graph's X and Y axes. In this case, we're going to use the entire index as our search base (by not entering a search query in the search box) and then cross-reference the data with browser type: Chrome, Firefox, Internet Explorer, and Safari:
Once you are finished, save the visualization. You can then add it to a custom dashboard in the Dashboard tab in Kibana.
Visualizations are incredibly rich tools to have, and they are the best way to understand the trends within your data.
Conclusion
The ELK Stack is becoming THE way to analyze and manage logs. The fact that the stack is open source and that it's backed by a strong community and a fast growing ecosystem is driving its popularity.
DevOps is not the sole realm of log analysis, and ELK is being used by developers, sysadmins, SEO experts, and marketers as well. Log-driven development — the development process in which code is monitored using metrics, alerts, and logs — is gaining traction within more and more R&D teams, and it would not be a stretch of the imagination to tie this to the growing popularity of ELK.
Of course, no system is perfect and there are pitfalls that users need to avoid, especially when handling big production operations. But this should not deter you from trying it out, especially because there are numerous sources of information that will guide you through the process.
Good luck, and happy indexing!
This article was peer reviewed by Christopher Thomas, Younes Rafie, and Scott Molinari. Thanks to all of SitePoint's peer reviewers for making SitePoint content the best it can be!
Like paddling a warship in time to a beating drum, so is the sound of a typewriter to reporters. But because real typewriters are inconvenient to use and heavy to pack in a messenger bag, the Times management has opted to using a speaker to synthesize the nostalgic noise. The Independent reports that the speaker came as a surprise to the journalists, broadcasting a noise described thusly: “The audio begins with the gentle patter of a single typewriter and slowly builds to a crescendo, with the keys of ranks of machines hammering down as the paper's print edition is due to go to press.”
These typewriter noises are supposed to energize reporters, whom we can only assume were in the newspaper business before the late-'80s, when typewriters were phased out. Otherwise, it would just be annoying.
Rebel fighters launch a locally made shell toward forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar Al-Assad, who are stationed in checkpoints surrounding the city of Idlib, on March 23. (Mohamad Bayoush/Reuters)
Syrian rebels launched an offensive Tuesday against a major government-held city in the country's northwest, shelling the outskirts and warning residents to remain indoors.
The operation's target is Idlib, a city of about 165,000 and the capital of the province of the same name. Rebels have controlled countryside and towns across the province since 2012, but President Bashar al-Assad's forces have held Idlib city.
Activists said Syrian government helicopters attacked the nearby town of Binish with chlorine gas Tuesday night. The Local Coordination Committees activist collective did not give details on casualties, but Muayad Zurayk, an activist based in Idlib province, said 30 people were rushed to the hospital after experiencing breathing problems.
The alleged attack came a week after the opposition claimed that the government carried out a poisonous gas attack on the nearby town of Sarmin, killing six and wounding dozens. Damascus denied the allegation.
Armed opposition factions announced the campaign to capture Idlib in a message posted online Tuesday. They told residents that the rebels “are at the walls of Idlib” and “have decided to liberate this good town.” The message also asked locals to remain indoors in the coming days.
A rebel fighter carries their weapon as they walk along orchards near the front line of Idlib city in northern Syria on March 22. (Khalil Ashawi/Reuters)
Syrian state TV quoted an unnamed military official as saying that government forces are repelling “attempts by terrorist groups to infiltrate the outskirts” of Idlib. The official said clashes were ongoing, adding that troops inflicted “heavy losses” on the attackers. The government refers to the rebels as terrorists.
Zurayk, the activist based in Idlib province, said the offensive began Tuesday morning and was being led by several rebel factions including Jabhat al-Nusra, the al-Qaeda branch in Syria.
A man who frightened lone women by stopping them in public and asking them for dates has been ordered into rehabilitation.
Jeevaka Charles Perera stopped one woman who was cycling along the Hutt riverbank in February, and told them they had seen them around. When they rode off, they called after her: "Are you chicken?"
A second charge related to a pregnant woman. Perera touched them back from behind and came so close that they felt their breath as they stepped away.
They told her, "I couldn't help noticing you. I would like to take you out sometime."
READ MORE:
* Unwanted secret admirers: the four types of stalker
* Christchurch child stalker Margaret Dodds returns to jail
* Serial stalker back in court
They told them they were married.
Judge Jennifer Ann Binns​ said the first victim felt "very unsettled" and suffered stress after the incident. The second woman was left feeling vulnerable and trapped.
Perera, a student living on a benefit, was appearing in Hutt Valley District Court on Friday for sentencing on charges of intimidating and frightening women.
The judge said they did not know either of the women. Looking through their mental health history, they said a pattern of behaviour started when Perera was 18 and living in Australia. The offending typically occurred when they felt stressed or bored.
They faced a similar intimidation charge in 2013.
A doctor's report said previous efforts at rehabilitation had been unfruitful.
Defence lawyer Jacquelyn Thompson said Perera wanted help, and wanted to pay emotional harm.
"THEY BOTH FELT UNSETTLED"
The judge told them it was important to protect the community by getting them rehabilitation. "Although you may think it's not sinister and just conversation, it's clear the victims do not feel that way. They both felt unsettled."
They sentenced Perera to 12 months of intensive supervision, 120 hours of community work, and to complete any recommended counselling. They emphasised an important condition of their sentence was to complete rehabilitation through WellStop.
They also ordered them to pay each of their victims $5 a week up to $100 each.
They refused to allow them to be photographed in court, saying they suffered from mental health issues, needed rehabilitation and could suffer further anxiety from media exposure.
There was also a risk they might be persecuted if their photo was made public.
Videos Dash's ‘Core' Team Fields User Questions in New Video Interview
Answering everything from “Will future Dash wallets be based on Electrum or QT?” to “What happens if Evan Duffield gets hit by a bus?” five Dash contractors — Ryan Taylor, Daniel Diaz, Evan Duffield, Holger Schinzel, and Robert Wiecko — recently gave an hour-long Q&A on DASH: Detailed.
Also read: Jaxx to be First Dash Wallet for iOS
The full group interview is here:
‘Core' Team Answers Your Questions
The five guests featured in this interview are Dash's founder and lead developer, Evan Duffield; Dash's “treasury guy” and financial planner, Ryan Taylor; business development manager Daniel Diaz; product manager Robert Wiecko; and development and release manager Holger Schinzel. Each man began working for Dash at various times, and all are paid from the same treasury proposal (“Core Team Salary”), though Evan and Daniel claim they donate their portion of this salary.
The interview's viewer-submitted questions are split into four categories: the 12.1 Dash release (forthcoming), “Dash in the Future,” “other,” and a final couple questions specifically for Evan. The questions span from the highly technical (“What does Sentinel do and what does it mean that ‘s ‘Turing-complete?'”) to real-world practicality (“What is the status of Dash's various fiat gateway efforts?”)
Anyone not familiar with the Dash ecosystem may find their jaw hanging down just a bit watching this interview, because Dash does not operate like other cryptocurrencies. While other networks have a feel of stripped-down functionality lead by a technocratic few, Dash operates more like a shareholder-run company. One with employees, expenditures, budgets, hirings, firings, product plannings, and investor reports.
This functionality is summed up nicely when Duffield remarks at one point:
“This technology works, and it proves there are other ways to run a company, in a completely decentralized manner.”
Have you thought of blockchain-based networks as “companies” before? What do you think of this characterization? Share below.
Image via Alex-ru's Free Gallery.
FERGUSON Mo (Reuters) - An uneasy quiet settled over Ferguson, Missouri, on Saturday evening after another day without a decision from a grand jury on whether to bring charges against a white police officer for fatally shooting a black teen.
A woman stops to visit the memorial set up where Michael Brown was shot and killed in Ferguson, Missouri, November 22, 2014. REUTERS/Jim Young
With the St. Louis suburb and the rest of the country waiting for an announcement, activists and police have been taking steps to avert more street violence. The Aug. 9 shooting triggered months of protests and a national debate over police violence.
Officer Darren Wilson has said they fired on 18-year-old Michael Brown in self-defense, while Brown's companion has said the teen had their hands raised and was trying to surrender.
On Saturday, the dead teenager's father, Michael Brown, and some of the family's supporters handed out Thanksgiving turkeys to residents in the street where their son was gunned down. Many were surprised when they knocked on their doors.
“I had to come and just give back to the people,” Brown told reporters. They wore a red T-shirt bearing a picture of their son's face and the messages “Gone Too Soon” and “I Will always Love You.”
“Everyone is suffering over this,” they added. “I just feel that this was needed, so I came back to make sure that people have a nice Thanksgiving.”
Looking across the street, over the memorial of flowers and stuffed toys placed on the spot where their son fell in August, they held up a bird and called to a young woman: “You get one yet?”
They smiled and waved back, yes.
St. Louis prosecutors have said they will hold a news conference to announce the grand jury decision, although the date, time and location remained undetermined.
NBC News reported on Saturday that the 12-member panel will resume meeting behind closed doors on Monday, meaning a decision whether to bring charges in the emotive case could still be some way off. Reuters could not independently confirm that report.
Anthony Gray, an attorney for the Brown family, told reporters on Friday that the deliberations could last an hour, a day, a week, or a month. “No one can forecast when that decision will actually be reached,” Gray said.
For three nights running, small groups of demonstrators have gathered outside the Ferguson police station to chant slogans and wave placards, sometimes outnumbered by members of the news media expecting a confrontation.
There have been a handful of arrests since Wednesday night. Almost all of them were for failure to disperse after officers told protesters not to block traffic, and were ignored.
The killing became a flashpoint for strained U.S. race relations, triggering weeks of sometimes violent protests in Ferguson calling for the arrest of Wilson. They have instead been placed on administrative leave and gone into seclusion.
Missouri Governor Jay Nixon has declared a state of emergency and called in National Guard troops to back up police. Groups across the country have said they would take to the streets again in large numbers if charges are not brought.
Is the Mainstream Media Finally Waking Up?
Donald Trump has been teasing a "major announcement" since Thursday. Their campaign issued a statement Thursday night making clear their "announcement" would be stating President Obama is an America citizen, five years after coming to national attention as the leader of the birther movement.
Trump held their "major announcement" at their brand-new Washington, D.C. hotel. It was the hotel's first public event, its christening, and a stain that will forever live in that building.
So what happened?
For 28 minutes and 27 seconds, all three major news networks, MSNBC, CNN, Fox News, plus CBS News online, and possibly others, ran, almost entirely uninterrupted, speaker after speaker - all military veterans - announcing their support for Donald Trump. That was followed by Donald Trump taking to the podium for 33 seconds, and making this statement:
"Hillary Clinton and their campaign of 2008 started the birther controversy. I finished it. President Barack Obama was born in the United States. Period."
The first two sentences are lies. The third are facts that should never have been open for discussion.
The mainstream media was played. Big time, and they know it.
And they're mad.
Trump used them for a 29 minute ad for both their hotel and their campaign.
What did the pool reporters do?
A source says Trump broadcast pool just erased tape of their tour of the hotel in protest of bait-and-switch w no editorial access. â€” Maggie Haberman (@maggieNYT) September 16, 2016
That's not all.
CNN anchor called the spectacle a "political Rickroll." A Rickroll is a bait-and-switch.
"It's hard to imagine this as anything other than a political Rickroll," Tapper told their audience. "We were told that this was going to be Donald Trump addressing something that their top campaign advisers, many people in the Republican National Committee want them to address, and clear up, and then stop talking about."
Tapper said Trump has been "trafficking" in a "discredited lie" for "more than half a decade."
"It was very clever on one level," Tapper added. "On another level, it does speak to the integrity of the Trump campaign."
Calling it a "dog-and-pony show," CBS News' Major Garrett said it was "all staged to bring more attention to this brand-new hotel."
"This was a dog and pony show for the Trump hotel," says @MajorCBS on Trump's announcement https://t.co/ppNBqBQML9 pic.twitter.com/nKO3eBGEB1 â€” CBS News (@CBSNews) September 16, 2016
With 53 days to go, not a smart move to anger the press.
RELATED STORIES:
Trump Campaign Issues Inane Press Release: Trump Believes Obama 'Was Born in the United States'
7 of Donald Trump's Own Tweets and Comments Prove They Are Trying to Rewrite Their Nasty Birther History
WATCH: Bernie Sanders Slams Trump's New Birther Revelation: 'This Is Pathetic'
See a mistake? Email corrections to: [email protected]
A large majority of Americans, 58 percent, believe that the country needs a third major party to adequately represent the American people, according to a new Gallup poll. Only 35 percent think the Democratic and Republican Parties do an adequate job representing the electorate.
The desire for a third party is high because currently both parties are unpopular with the American people. A recent CBS News/New York Times poll found that both the Democratic and Republican Parties favorability numbers were negative. Perhaps more importantly, it found that overwhelming majorities disapproved of the job performance of Congressional Republicans and Democrats.
The country does not lack additional viable alternative political parties because people think the two major parties do a good job representing them or because the two major parties are too popular to allow room for an alternative. There is clearly the desire for greater options.
The problem is systemic.
The reason we have only two major parties is because our elections are dominated by single-winner elections–President, Governor, single member Congressional districts, Senate, national, state, local–where a plurality wins (first past the post) in most cases. If we adopted a proportional representation system for legislative elections and/or instant runoff voting, it would enable the development of more viable political parties. Of course, that would require the Democrats and Republicans who control our government to put in place policies what would increase competition and potentially endanger their stranglehold on political power.
QR Code Link to This Post
Dear Internet Porn,These last ten years have been quite a trip, have they not? My letter to you now, however, is not one of celebration... I don't feel like we are the same anymore. We just don't have that passion we used to.When we first met I was a loser, and you were there for me. My parents told me that you were no good for me, but I didn't listen. You showed me that there were plenty of people like myself getting laid. It was beautiful and passionate. Your softcore erotic videos were a tasteful introduction to my budding sexuality.As I got older I started seeing girls on the side. I knew you were jealous, but you have always held a special place in my heart. You became naughtier and it affected my relationships. I started wanting all the things I had seen you do. I wanted to be just like you. I wanted to cover my girlfriend's face, put it up their ass, choke her.But that's when I realized your dark secret, Internet Porn. You aren't real: you are a fake and shallow individual. No girl wants a load on their face! Anal sex hurts and humiliates, and choking only leads to bruises that friends and loved ones ask about. You lied to me and changed my sexual expectations. Now no girl can please me.I know it isn't all bad. You've taught me so much. I can surf the internet with either hand and I know all the keyboard shortcuts for my browser. I know positions that aren't even in the Kama Sutra. But you have such a dark side. I've been late for work more than once and I find myself wanting to jerkoff at six in the morning. That's what you've done to me.Even now, on the eve of Christ's birth, I sit hunched over my computer, penis in hand. I had to turn the nativity scene around so that Jesus wouldn't see your filth. Try as I might, I can never hide you well enough either. It is harder to find you squirreled away on my hard drive than it is to get into my online bank account. Yet there is always lingering evidence. I've told you time and again to stop leaving your things at my place. But you ALWAYS forget something: a shortcut here, an unclear history there.There's no acceptance when you are discovered either. It might have been ok when we started - just innocent flirting with softcore. But now my girlfriends discover my asphyxiation collection, or that one goat video. I hate that you always invite your shadiest friends over when you come.So I have one request. I know I can't get rid of you... you are the psychopathic stalker to my teenage horror film. But if you won't leave me alone, can you at least do me one favor? If I ever die, can you please format my hard drive? All of them? If you can't do that, just burn my place down. My family can never know of my shame.- Your shamed lover
Henrietta Edwards's 165th birthday celebrated with Google Doodle
Storified by CBC News Community· Thu, Dec 18 2014 14:02:42
Henrietta Edwards, one of the 'Famous Five' in the Persons Case, is today's Google Doodle #cdnpoli http://t.co/1A232Xm7PDJohn Gushue
Today's Google Doodle celebrates the 165th anniversary of the birth of a famous Canadian woman- Henrietta Edwards.
Henrietta Edwards' 165th BirthdayI think that when it comes to notable people in the women's rights movement in Canadian history, there are names we know like Nellie McClung or Emily White. They are the token examples in the high school history text; the answer to a multiple choice question somewhere.
So famous, in fact, that she's part of the so-called Famous Five: a group of Alberta women who fought for women to be declared persons under Canadian law. Their battle started in 1916 and culminated on Oct. 18, 1929, when Britain's Privy Council officially declared Canadian women to be persons under the law.
1929: Women become personsOn Oct. 18, 1929, women are finally declared "persons" under Canadian law. The historic legal victory is due to the persistence of five Alberta women -- Emily Murphy, Nellie McClung, Irene Parlby, Louise McKinney and Henrietta Muir Edwards. The battle started in 1916.
Two of the Famous Five, Emily Murphy and Nellie McClung, have been featured in the iconic Heritage Minutes series:
Emily Murphythehdinstitute
Nellie McClungthehdinstitute
Canada has honoured the women in other ways as well.
There's a bronze monument in their honour standing on Parliament Hill in Ottawa.
Canada honours 'Famous Five' womenThe five women who worked to have Canadian women declared persons have been immortalized on Parliament Hill. Thousands of people packed the Hill to watch as a bronze monument was unveiled amid great fanfare. The "famous five" are Emily Murphy, Henrietta Muir Edwards, Louise McKinney, Nellie McClung and Irene Parlby.
www.heros.ca
In 2009, all five were declared honorary senators.
'Famous 5' named honorary senatorsThe five Alberta women who won the right for women to be legally recognized as "persons" have been named honorary senators. The Senate voted this week to bestow the honour posthumously on Emily Murphy, Henrietta Muir Edwards, Nellie McClung, Louise McKinney and Irene Parlby.
They were also once featured on Canada's $50 bill.
womenmakingwaves.wordpress.com
However, controversy erupted in 2011 when Canada redesigned the bill and opted to replace the women with an Arctic research boat.
The Famous FiveThe Famouns Five will no longer appear on the Canadian $50 bill, which has some people very upset.
jjb.yuku.com
Should the new $50 bill show an Arctic research boat instead of the Famous Five?An arctic research vessel will replace the "Famous Five," who won full political rights for Canadian women in 1930, on the $50 bill as part of a redesign. The current $50 note features the five women whose case to have women included in the legal definition of "people" was successful at the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council of England - the highest court in Canada at the time.
On their own, Edwards has been featured on various Canadian stamps.
www.collectionscanada.gc.ca
famouscanadianwomen.com
Canadian artist Kate Beaton designed the doodle, which they announced at the stroke of midnight on Twitter.
hey you guys, it is midnight, so my Henrietta Edwards Google doodle is up for December 18! http://t.co/s3Tq5UCy03Kate Beaton
Beaton's known for their history comic site Hark a Vagrant.
Hark, a vagrant: 368
"I believe Henrietta Muir Edwards is one of the women who deserve a wider recognition for their work," they wrote in
"She was a writer, an artist, a lawmaker and a teacher ... Henrietta was a woman who made things happen and fought for it all with unflappable conviction. Canada is a richer country for having them as a citizen."
The description also included an alternate draft idea: Beaton said they feel that certain women within the Famous Five are very well known."I believe Henrietta Muir Edwards is one of the women who deserve a wider recognition for their work," they wrote in an explanation of the doodle for Google "She was a writer, an artist, a lawmaker and a teacher ... Henrietta was a woman who made things happen and fought for it all with unflappable conviction. Canada is a richer country for having them as a citizen."The description also included an alternate draft idea:
BlogSpot
Beaton received a very positive reception for their depiction of Edwards.
Went to Google and was greeted by a @beatonna Google doodle featuring some awesome women including Henrietta Edwards! PRETTY GREATReindeer Q. North
Today had a great Google doodle to celebrate one of the Famous Five- Henrietta Muir Edwards' birthday! http://t.co/EchBiPMbMZShannon Robertson
The Google Doodle! https://t.co/NBLPegJZkj Yay for women's suffrage! Yay for Henrietta Edwards! Yay for @beatonna! http://t.co/qQDBcOcg3qAndrea Bellemare
Beaton was quite pleased with the positive publicity for one of the lesser-known women of the Famous Five.
you guys <3333 - also! Henrietta Edwards really was the bees knees! You should read about their http://t.co/eqILQfqKoDKate Beaton
Chilled Water Cools MIT Physics Department
September 3rd, 2009 by Susan Kraemer
Here's a very good example of simple tech that works efficiently. Because hot air rises, cool air falls down. So if chilled water is carried through tubes at the ceiling, it sucks hot air from a room; sending down the cooler air. Simple tech is often low carbon technology too.
Chilled beams use water to remove heat from a room. This is the opposite of radiant heating; in which pipes carry hot water in pipes embedded in a mortar for a stone or tile floor.
The potential reduction in fossil fuel use of using chilled beams instead of a traditional air conditioning system can be as much as 50%. “Chilled” is a bit of a misnomer; as the water doesn't even need to be chilled. Even just running city water through this system will work as typical city water is about 55 degrees
Fahrenheit; enough to cool a 90 degree room. This works as a heat exchange.
If we used a system like this to cool every building we could achieve a cooling carbon reduction of 50% over 2009 levels. Fossil fuel use in heating and cooling buildings accounts for about 40% of our national carbon emissions.
This year's climate bill contains incentives (Cap and Trade) for us to make reductions in fossil fuel use. Cap and Trade just means using fees (for choosing high carbon energy) to fund incentives (to help us buy low carbon energy).
The national building codes in the Climate Bill could do for the country what California building codes did for California: effortlessly cut our carbon footprint to half that of the nation: near European levels.
If you live near Boston, you can go check out how effective this innovative system is, and see if you can improve on the idea. The first installation is at MIT's 49,000 square foot physics department; in buildings 4, 6, and 8, and next up is the new MIT Sloan School expansion and the David H. Koch Institute for Integrative Cancer Research.
“Chilled beams cool the people and dehumidify the air in the room. They take one-tenth the volume of fresh
air needed for traditional A/C, far less ductwork, smaller ducts, and smaller fans,” says David Cooper; manager of sustainability engineering and utility planning for the Department of Facilities.
This is a great passive cooling system for offices, laboratories, data centers and other spaces where equipment and sunlight generate a significant amount of heat.
“There's a factor of eight improvement in cost of moving a Btu of air cooled by water versus air. If you can get the cooling energy into the space through water, you're way ahead,” says Cooper. “The eight times factor is a very attractive alternative from an energy point of view.”
More ways to heat and cool our nation's buildings to reduce our national carbon footprint:
Recycling waste heat from air conditioners
Airport with 40% lower fossil fuel
Very cheap DIY solar hot water
Very efficient solar hot water
Making energy from waste
Via Deborah Halber at MIT
“He's not a war hero. Well, he's a war hero because they were captured. I like people that weren't captured.” - Donald Trump
That was Donald Trump talking about Arizona Sen. John McCain last July in Ames, Iowa. Trump followed these off-the-cuff remarks with a statement in which they refused to apologize, calling McCain “another all talk, no action politician who spends too much time on television and not enough time doing their job.”
Advertisement:
The backlash to Trump's comments was fast and furious, especially from the other Republican presidential candidates. “Enough with the slanderous attacks,” Jeb Bush tweeted. “@SenJohnMcCain and all our veterans – particularly POWs have earned out respect and admiration.” “John McCain is an American hero. I have nothing but respect for their service,” wrote Bobby Jindal. Lindsey Graham tweeted, “If there was any doubt that @realDonaldTrump should not be our commander-in-chief, this stupid statement should end all doubt.”
McCain, for their part, stayed quiet about Trump's comments. Like most of the Republican establishment, however, they were opposed to Trump's candidacy.
At the time, a Trump nomination still seemed impossible, or at the very least highly unlikely. It wasn't an act of political courage to denounce the Donald then. Despite what the polls said, none of it felt real. The wheels, everyone assumed, were bound to fall off. But that never happened. Trump carved through the GOP field with remarkable ease, picking off the candidates one by one. Today, he's the presumptive nominee, and party elders have a difficult decision to make: Stick to their principles and refuse to endorse Trump or surrender in the name of political expedience.
No one has more reason to stand their ground against Trump than John McCain. If there's a prominent Republican with the moral and political stature to defy Trump, McCain's an obvious candidate. Although the Arizona senator debased themselves in 2008 when they nominated a buffoonish celebrity as their running mate, he's still a respected figure in Washington, a man with enough cachet to resist the political winds.
Sadly, McCain's capitulation is already underway. In an interview with CNN over the weekend, McCain signaled to GOP leaders that it was time to surrender. While they insisted Trump needs to “express their appreciation for veterans,” McCain abandoned any pretense of opposition:
“You have to draw the conclusion that there is some distance, if not a disconnect, between party leaders and members of Congress and the many voters who have selected Donald Trump to be the nominee of the party...You have to listen to people that have chosen the nominee of our Republican Party. I think it would be foolish to ignore them.”
McCain is hiding behind the voters here, but this isn't about the general will; it's about re-election and, to a lesser extent, party loyalty. In that same interview, McCain perfunctorily rebukes Hillary Clinton, claiming a Clinton presidency “would cause the economy to continue to stumble along and put us in the economic malaise that basically we've had for 8 years.” Nonsense. McCain well understands that Trump's proposals are both dangerous and unworkable. What impact a Clinton administration would have on the economy is a legitimate debate, but there's no reason to suppose a Trump administration would be better. In truth, we have no idea what they would actually do. All we know is that they can't do what they say they will. And yet McCain stared into the camera and called Trump a “capable leader.”
Advertisement:
McCain's about-face is a sign of what's to come. Trump has all the leverage now. Paul Ryan, arguably the GOP's most credible leader, is among the few to publicly challenge Trump since their presumptive nomination. Trump isn't surrendering, however. On NBC's “Meet the Press,” they suggested that removing Ryan from their post as chairperson of the Republican National Convention may be necessary if they don't fall in line. This is precisely the stance you'd expect Trump to take - it's worked marvelously for them thus far.
The party will have to conform to Trump's agenda, not the other way around. “I'm going to do what I have to do,” Trump said on ABC's “This Week.” “I have millions of people that voted for me. So I have to stay true to my principles also. And I'm a conservative, but don't forget, this is called the Republican Party. It's not called the Conservative Party.”
More accurately, it's Trump's party. McCain knows it, which is why he's fumbling their way into backing Trump, who won their home state of Arizona by 33 points. Ryan, too, will come around eventually. If they don't, it's because he's given up on 2016 and is positioning themselves for 2020. For everyone else, though, the choice will be to hop on board the Trump train or risk alienating their coalition of voters. McCain's pathetic flip-flop is likely an indication of how Republicans running for office will handle the Trump dilemma: Self-preservation, not integrity, is the guiding light.
As part of the Democratic Party's response to President Donald Trump's address to a joint session of congress, former Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear referred to themselves as a “proud Republican.”
Addressing the camera from a diner in Kentucky, former Gov. Beshear appeared to tangle their words, stating that “I'm a proud Democrat, but first and foremost, I'm a proud Republican, and Democrat, and mostly, American.”
Beshear went on to attack Trump on a number of issues, claiming that Trump planned to “rip affordable health insurance from Americans who must need it,” as Trump and Republicans formulate plans to fully repeal Obamacare.
The former governor also accused Trump of being “Wall Street's champion,” after one of Trump's executive orders “makes it harder for families to even afford a mortgage,” while “rolling back rules that provide oversight of the financial industry and protect us against another economic meltdown.”
They also criticized Donald Trump's cabinet picks, describing them as a “cabinet of billionaires and Wall Street insiders who want to eviscerate the protections that most Americans count on and help level the playing field.”
The tone of the response appeared to be a pitch to the working class Americans who helped propel Trump to victory last November, with the video set in a modest diner surrounded by people Beshear claimed were their neighbors, as well as a mix of both Democrats and Republicans.
Donald Trump's speech covered a number of issues, such as healthcare, defense spending, cutting the size of government, and the need for unity in a divided America. A CNN poll later found that nearly four out of five Americans had a “positive reaction” to the speech.
You can follow Ben Kew on Facebook, on Twitter at @ben_kew, or email them at bkew@breitbart.com
Women were demanding and getting new roles. Japan's youth were seen as not merely rebels but shin jin rui, an entirely “new breed of people.” The local Utsukushigaoka elementary school enrolled our two sons, the first foreigners it had ever accepted; this was just one sign of the coming internationalization of Japan, known as kokusaika. The big debates about Japan's role and future involved the pace and probability of all these changes—in politics, in business structure, in social relations, in Japan's sense of its place among nations.
I have been back to Japan many times since then, but not to Pleasantville. This summer my wife and I returned to the old neighborhood we had not seen in 20 years. We found ourselves again thinking about “change,” but mainly because of its absence. There's no place we've lived that was easier to recognize after 20 years away. Of course, I'm talking about more than this one town.
The most striking changes were of the burnishing variety, consistent with Japan's steady rise in personal wealth and also manufacturing strength, even through these years of financial-market paralysis. If you know China mainly through stories of its economic successes, you're surprised on a visit that it's still so poor. If you know Japan mainly through stories of its failures, which are real, you're surprised that it's become so rich. The houses looked the same, but with bigger, nicer cars in the driveways. We saw Land Rovers, BMWs, even a Cadillac on the narrow streets that once were full of bikes and little Nissan Sunnys. The drab, reinforced-concrete train station has been rebuilt in stainless steel and glass; its plaza is now lined with luxury fashion shops, all jammed with shoppers on a warm Sunday. In the 1980s, the Tokyu store had run an “American Food Festival,” featuring Big Red soda and bins full of Butterfinger candy bars. Now there are latte shops everywhere, bistros, tapas bars.
But this was the kind of “change” the ambitious Japanese of the 1980s had assumed, rather than aspired to. What about the more-sweeping changes in Japanese life, for which such prosperity was meant to be the prelude? They were not apparent, at least not in politics. Anyone familiar with the Japanese rule-by-bureaucrats of the 1980s—or the 1960s, or the 1910s—would feel depressingly at home seeing today's political logjam. A year ago, Japanese voters seemed to have worked a major political miracle, throwing out the near-permanently ruling postwar party and putting the new Democratic Party of Japan in control. This was comparable to a third-party win of the White House in America. By this summer, the prime minister who led that drive, Yukio Hatoyama, had grown unpopular and had resigned, because of minor financial improprieties and a large impression of fecklessness. For now, the reform movement seems to have sputtered, like its predecessors in the '80s and '90s. A generation ago, Japan's unique military relationship with America—Japan theoretically forswearing military action on its own, relying on America—was ripe for basic reconsideration. It is overripe now.
CLOSE A woman was killed when 2 men drove a car over several yards and into their living room. Ariana Sawyer / The Tennessean
Michael Edward Harris (Photo: Metro Nashville Police Department)
Metro police fatal crash investigators on Monday charged a Nashville man with a history of DUI arrests with vehicular homicide by intoxication after their car crashed into a Bellevue home and killed a woman sleeping inside.
Michael E. Harris, 28, of Birch Bark Drive, was arrested on six felony charges including leaving the scene of an accident following the 12:55 a.m. crash in the 1100 block of General George Patton Road that claimed the life of a woman police believe to be the home's owner, 71-year-old Bobbie Ann Lafollette.
Metro police spokesperson Kris Mumford said the medical examiner is working to confirm Lafollette's identity.
A preliminary investigation revealed Harris was driving their 2007 Lexus on Sawyer Brown Road when the car left the roadway, struck a utility pole and traveled through several yards before crashing into the house.
Lafollette, who property records show bought the two-story, four-bedroom home in 2004, was struck by the Lexus in the living room of the home and died at the scene, police said. Neighbors say Lafollette lived alone.
Neighbor Karen Woodall said they saw police remove the car from the living room this morning and that the sound of the wreck woke them up the night before.
"It sort of sounded like an explosion, and that's why I looked out the window thinking that there might be smoke or fire or something," Woodall said. But in the dark, they couldn't see anything until the emergency vehicles came to the scene.
Another nearby neighbor Linda Arnold's lawn has muddy tire tracks gouged into the grass. They woke up to take their dog outside about five minutes after Harris drove off the road and into Lafollette's house across the street.
"The lady next door to (Lafollette) said their living room backs up to (Lafollette's) living room, and they said it dented their living room wall in," Arnold said.
Arnold, 70, said cars regularly fail to stop at the intersection nearby.
"You would not believe the cars that come here and never stop," they said. "Some of them don't even slow down."
After the wreck, Harris and their passenger, Cody Taylor, 24, of Gallatin, fled the scene, Mumford said.
Meanwhile, the crash knocked out power for more than 150 Nashville Electric Service customers in the immediate area.
Buy Photo Home where a woman was killed Aug. 1, 2016 after a Lexus slammed into the house while they slept. (Photo: Ariana Sawyer/The Tennessean)
Shortly after the wreck, West Precinct officers located Harris and Taylor nearby. Both men were covered in drywall dust with recent visible injuries consistent with having been in an automobile crash, including scratches and bruises, Mumford said.
Taylor was not arrested, police say. But Harris, who police say smelled of alcohol, admitted they had consumed alcohol but denied having knowledge of being involved in a crash or the whereabouts of their car.
They refused to perform field sobriety tasks, Mumford said.
Harris, who was convicted of DUI in June 2015, is also charged with reckless endangerment, vehicular assault, leaving the scene of a fatal crash, failure to render aid and an open container violation. A blood sample from Harris will be analyzed for alcohol and drug content.
Harris was also arrested on a DUI charge in late 2009 but was convicted of a lesser-included offense of reckless driving in June 2010.
Harris was being held at the Metro Jail on $135,000 bond Monday afternoon.
Reach Natalie Neysa Alund at 615-259-8072. Follow them on Twitter @nataliealund.
&amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;!--iframe--&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt; &amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp;
Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/2atkkEw
CTVNews.ca Staff
The federal government gave companies across Canada approval to hire temporary foreign workers for less than market wage in 2013, the Alberta Federation of Labour says.
The union said Friday it has obtained internal government documents that show Ottawa sanctioned companies to underpay temporary foreign workers last year, despite rules requiring employers to pay foreign workers the prevailing market wage for their region and skill set.
According to the documents, 3,700 foreign workers were paid less than what a Canadian would earn, with more than 2,100 positions in Alberta alone. According to the documents, temporary foreign workers were brought in to fill positions in at least a dozen different sectors, including trucking, health care, and automotive mechanics.
In a statement, Alberta Federation of Labour president Gil McGowan said the documents are a “snapshot” of what was taking place as the Harper government attempted to reassure Canadians that they were taking steps to improve monitoring and rules enforcement within the troubled workers program.
“Behind closed doors, they knew the rules were being bent and broken, and they knew thousands of TFWs were being underpaid and used as pawns to drive down wages for all Albertans,” McGowan said.
The union head also said the documents show that misuse of the Temporary Foreign Worker program extend “far beyond” the food-service industry. In April, Employment Minister Jason Kenney imposed a freeze on foreign workers in the food-service industry following allegations that some McDonald's franchises were bringing in too many low-paid labourers.
Nearly two months after the suspension, Kenney announced a crackdown on the TFW program that included a cap on low-wage workers and heavy fines for employers who break the rules.
In an interview with CTV Calgary Friday, McGowan said Canadians who are looking for “decent” jobs and wages should be “shocked and appalled that their federal government has been using their power to help employers essentially defy the economic laws of gravity and keep wages down when objective conditions say those wages should be going up.”
In a statement, Jason Sinclair, spokesperson for Canada Employment and Social Development, said that prior to April 2013, “employers were allowed to hire a temporary foreign worker below the prevailing wage if the employer could prove that there was a Canadian being paid the same wage for doing the same job at the same location.”
However, the federal government can't say with absolute certainty that the wage disparity didn't happen beyond that time.
With a report from CTV Calgary's Scott McLean
Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window)
Salmon forced to ‘sprint' less likely to survive migration
New UBC research suggests that excessive burst swimming can impair wild salmon and cause death later on in their migration.
Sockeye salmon that sprint to spawning grounds through fast-moving waters may be at risk, suggests new research by University of British Columbia scientists.
When salmon encounter turbulent, fast-moving water–such as rapids or areas downstream of dams—they must move upstream using a behaviour known as “burst swimming” that is similar to sprinting for humans.
“Days after sockeye passed through extremely fast-moving water, we started to see fish dying only a short distance from their spawning grounds,” said Nicholas Burnett, a research biologist at UBC and lead author of the study, published in Physiological and Biochemical Zoology.
Previous UBC lab research found that burst swimming requires extra oxygen and energy, creates a build-up of stress metabolites like lactic acid in the blood, and may lead to cardiac collapse or heart attacks. This is the first study to show that excessive burst swimming can impair wild salmon and cause death later on in their migration. This phenomenon is known as ‘delayed mortality.'
Researchers found that fish that chose to burst swim for long periods through the high flows downstream of a dam were more likely to die en route to their spawning grounds, after they passed through the fast flows, than those that chose to swim a bit slower. Burst swimming had a greater impact on female fish, supporting this group's research that shows female salmon are more sensitive to environmental hardships during migration.
“We now understand how this important but energetically costly swimming behaviour can impact the survival of sockeye during their upstream migration,” said Burnett, who worked on this study as part of their master's research with UBC Forestry Professor Scott Hinch and Carleton University Professor Steven Cooke.
“Our work demonstrates how important it is for salmon to have easy access around obstacles in the river.”
BACKGROUND
Researchers tagged fish with accelerometer transmitters, a new tracking technology that records how fast fish swim and how much oxygen they consume.
Tagged fish were released in the high flows downstream of a dam in southwestern British Columbia and tracked as they navigated through a fishway and two lakes to their spawning grounds.
Closely resembling plump grains of wild rice set in motion, the three-banded panther worms swimming in disposable containers in Whitehead Institute Member Peter Reddien's lab hardly seem like the next big thing in regeneration. And yet, these little-studied organisms possess the ability to regenerate any part of their bodies and are amenable to molecular studies in the lab, making them a valuable addition to a field keen on understanding how mechanisms controlling regeneration have evolved over millennia and how they might be activated in humans.
Four years ago, postdoctoral researcher Mansi Srivastava and Reddien, collected these intriguing animals swimming among submerged mangrove leaves and other aquatic detritus in a chilly Bermudan pond. Known scientifically as Hofstenia miamia, the worm earned its common name from the three cream-colored stripes running across its body as well as its voracious appetite for live prey. Found in the Caribbean, Bahamas, Bermuda, and even as far away as Japan and the Red Sea, the worms were reported to be endowed with regenerative capabilities. In the 1960s, one scientist described the fact that three-banded panther worms could regrow a severed head, although no additional reports followed.
“It was a big risk for us—it was not a project where you knew it was going to work from the beginning,” says Reddien, who is also an associate professor of biology at MIT and a Howard Hughes Medical Institute (HHMI) Investigator. “I had no idea how successful we'd be with culturing the animals or how successful the methods for development would be. There are all kinds of ways we could've failed on this one, but it was fun. It's the kind of science that has an adventurous spirit to it. And the organism is an even better model organism than we could have hoped for.”
Reddien and Srivastava present their new model to the scientific community in the May 19th issue of the journal Current Biology.
Once the worms arrived in their new home in Cambridge, the first test was to acclimate them to lab life and determine their needs for survival. Initially, the worms were dying. The salinity of their water was off, even though it matched the pond where they were found. Hofstenia also rejected the liver that is the dietary mainstay for Reddien's other model of regeneration, the planarian (Schmidtea mediterranea). The three-banded panther worms shrank in size and some resorted to cannibalism.
Eventually, the water quality was fixed and a preferred food source was identified: sea monkeys, also known as brine shrimp. Now the worms are thriving and laying numerous eggs, enough to create an ample supply of animals for experiments.
Through a series of dissections, Reddien and Srivastava established that Hofstenia not only regenerate their heads, but, like planarians, are also able to regrow any body part. The scientists then documented the worm's transcriptome—a list of all of the genes that are transcribed in the animal—and established that RNA interference (RNAi) could be used in this animal to inhibit specific genes and unlock the molecular functions that allow regeneration.
With these tools in hand, they determined that in Hofstenia, as in planarians, Wnt signaling controls regeneration along the anterior-posterior (head-tail) axis and Bmp-Admp signaling controls regeneration along the dorsal-ventral (back-belly) axis.
If Hofstenia and planarians were phylogenetically close, such similarities would not be surprising. But after analyzing the Hofstenia transcriptome, the team determined that the three-banded panther worm and planarians are only very distantly related, a view that had been proposed based on analyses with sequences from a small number of genes.
“I find that there is no evidence, even with this large dataset, for Hofstenia to be classified with planarians, which means the last common ancestor that these two species shared existed 550 million years ago. This is the common ancestor that we, humans, also share with these species,” says Srivastava, who has a background in evolutionary developmental biology and authored the Current Biology article. “The cool thing is that this raises the question of whether our common ancestor used these pathways—Wnt and Bmp signaling—to regenerate or not.”
Transgender / Gender Identity
The issue of gender identity is a deeply personal and very painful situation for both the individual struggling, and the people who love them. Many former transgendered people communicate that they experienced feelings of failure in their biological sex. Like same-sex attraction, gender identity disorders stem from a combination of biological, psychological, and sociological factors.
“In 1997… I had irreversible sex reassignment surgery… My outward physical body was supposed to align with my true inner self… The net result of my gender transition was a sad, middle-aged, early retired, lonely, self-loathing person – at times without hope – and contemplating an end to my misery. People are being seriously deceived and being taught – almost word for word – the same deceptions, storylines, and scripts once believed by myself and many others… allowing self-gender proclamation purports to make life easier. However, my personal experience has shown that those struggling with gender identity… rather than having my struggles alleviated they seemed to be enhanced. Gender is more than a psychological construct.”
– Ex-transgender John Wenman
Are there people genuinely confused about whether they are male or female?
Yes, some people are confused about their sexual identity. In its Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders, the American Psychiatric Association states that people who feel their gender identity conflicts with their birth sex or with the gender role associated with that sex have gender dysphoria, a mental disorder resulting in abnormal depression and discontent about their gender. A psychological condition is considered a mental disorder if it causes distress or disability.
Can a person's biological sex be totally changed?
No, it is not possible to change a person's sex. Each cell of a person's body contains chromosomes which identify that individual as either male or female. It is not simply a question of different genitals. Surgery and hormone treatments can create the appearance of a male or female body, but it cannot change the underlying biological reality. Men who undergo sex reassignment surgery still remain men – they cannot conceive children or menstruate and must undergo a continuous regiment of hormone pills to overcome their inborn masculinity.
Is hormone therapy and sexual reassignment surgery a successful and safe treatment?
No. When Dr. Paul McHugh became the psychiatrist-in-chief at Johns Hopkins Hospital, they studied the outcomes of such surgeries. Their study found that while most clients said they were happy with the outcome, the psychological problems that accompanied the feeling that they were the other sex did not change. They still had the same troubles with relationships, work and emotions. Dr. McHugh concluded, “…to provide a surgical alteration to the body of these unfortunate people was to collaborate with a mental disorder rather than to treat it.”1 Regret after sexual reassignment surgery is very common, but people are suppressed from speaking out on the issue. For more information on this, click here. Hormone therapy has serious side effects including increased propensity to blood clotting, infertility, depression, and liver tumors and disease.2 “When young people halt their puberty before their bodies have developed, and then take cross-hormones for a few years, they'll probably be infertile.”3
How can parents identify gender identity disorder (GID)?
The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual IV of the American Psychiatric Association defines Gender Identity Disorder (GID) in children as a strong persistent cross-gender identification, a discomfort with one's own sex, and a preference for cross-sex roles in play or in fantasies. According to Drs. Kenneth Zucker and Susan Bradley, “It has been our experience that a sizable number of children and their families achieve a great deal of change. In these cases, the GID resolves fully, and nothing in the children's behavior or fantasy suggests that gender-identity issues remain problematic … All things considered, we take the position that in such cases a clinician should be optimistic, not nihilistic, about the possibility of helping the children to become more secure in their gender identity.”4
Are there any ex-transgenders?
Yes. With self-determination, therapy, medication, and support from their loved ones, a person can overcome this disorder and live a life of their birth sex. Parents and Friends of Ex-Gays and Gays (PFOX) raises funds for reversal surgeries and breast explants of former transgenders.5 Click here to read about Darryl, and ex-transgendered male, and their personal story about reclaiming their masculinity with PFOX's help. Click here to read about Walt Heyer. Previously married with two children, Walt had re-assignment surgery to become Laura at age 42 and then transitioned back to Walt 8 years later.
What is a trangender person?
“Transgender” includes people seeking to change their appearance to the opposite of their birth gender, either with clothing (transvestites) or surgically altering their bodies (transsexuals). All mainstream medical professionals classify this behavior as a Gender Identity Disorder (GID).6
What is the difference between sex and gender?
Sex is determined by chromosomes; chromosome testing is used to determine sex. Gender is either male or female.
What about the sexual orientation of a transgendered person?
Sexual orientation refers to one's sexual attraction to men, women, both, or neither, whereas gender identity refers to one's sense of self as male or female. The great majority of cross-dressers (transvestites) are biological males; most are sexually attracted to women. The American Psychological Association stated, “Usually people who are attracted to women prior to transition continue to be attracted to women after transition, and people who are attracted to men prior to transition continue to be attracted to men after transition.”7 This can make public bathrooms and dressing rooms unsafe for women and children.
What about Intersex?
Intersex is a rare phenomenon associated with physical birth abnormalities and cannot be compared with the psychiatric conditions known as Gender Identity Disorder nor transgenderism. “…True intersexuals only account for .0018% of the population.”8
Videos
Denise's story (A child's perspective)
Grace's Story
John's interview
In the immediate aftermath of Newsweek's Bitcoin cover story, reportedly unmasking Satoshi Nakamoto as the cryptocurrency's inventor, media outlets turned to the subreddit r/bitcoin to try and gauge the reaction of one of the currency's most dedicated communities. The consensus was quick and clear: Reddit is "furious"/"reeling"/"exploding with anger." And while that appears to be accurate, according to the traffic numbers provided by the site, Reddit's Bitcoin community saw only a very slight increase in unique visitors and pageviews yesterday. From a traffic perspective, it was very nearly a normal day.
Erik Martin, Reddit's General Manager, sent BuzzFeed a screenshot of r/bitcoin's traffic over the last two weeks, noting that yesterday's traffic was "not nearly as big of a spike as last week," when Mt. Gox, then the world's largest Bitcoin exchange, shut down without warning on February 24, losing control of 850,000 bitcoins to the tune of nearly half a billion dollars. In the days following the Mt. Gox shutdown traffic to the subreddit topped out at over 500,000 unique visitors and close to 2 million pageviews. Yesterday, the site registered 131,845 uniques (only about 25,000 more than the previous day) and 768,936 total views.
If you've been following the Satoshi story and the Newsweek backlash online and across Twitter for the past two days that might seem surprising but Martin says that media coverage rarely moves the dial in terms of r/bitcoin's traffic. "Links and mentions in press don't really send traffic for the most part," Martin says. They note that traffic to the subreddit is, "mostly direct. Some search. Twitter is probably sending most after that but [it's] kind of hard to track."
The absence of a traffic spike may also help to better define r/Bitcoin's audience as a more focused community of Bitcoin investors and speculators looking to discuss the value of the currency — presumably the individuals who have money tied up in Bitcoin and Mt Gox. It seems then, for all the frustration, confusion, conspiracy theories, and coverage, the identity of Bitcoin's inventor remains an obsession for some and a fascination for many, but a secondary concern.
The traffic spike is one data point but is also a reminder that stories about Bitcoin often contain two separate threads: there's the meta-story of a peculiar, anonymous, and ultimately confusing movement that's slowly inched its way into becoming a part of popular culture and then there's true believers, who've made an investment and have a stake in the currency. For the latter group, Bitcoin represents real money and, for some, high stakes. And while Satoshi's identity is a compelling, arguably important story with national appeal, it overlooks the larger concerns of a currency and community currently in a precarious position.
Former RNC Chair Michael Steele said Trump's focus on “nonsensical” issues like birtherism was “nothing more than bullshit racism — excuse my French.”
Appearing on David Axelrod's podcast “The Axe Files,” Steele, whose reign as RNC chair was marred by lackluster fundraising and their own foibles, didn't hold back when it came to Trump and race.
“You cannot say to me that given the 400 plus years of this country, that at the very moment the country decides to elect the first Black man president of the United States, you're going to ask for their papers? Seriously? Seriously?” said Steele. “I can go all day long about what's wrong with Syria and economic policy and foreign policy with this administration. But I'll be damned if I'm going to sit here and say ‘You need to show me your papers first.' That's not how this works.”
Steele was Republican National Committee chairperson from 2009 to 2011 and is now a political analyst for MSNBC. On the podcast, Steele and Axelrod talked about the way Trump's candidacy has exposed fractures in the Republican Party.
“Ronald Reagan, if they were a candidate running for any office today, would not win a Republican primary,” Steele told Axelrod. “Because the things that they would espouse, the policies, the values, the principles that they would lay out there, would be rejected,” Steele said, alleging that Reagan's comparatively moderate position on taxes and immigration would now be rejected by hard-line Republican conservatives.
“The Axe Files” podcast is produced by the University of Chicago Institute of Politics and CNN.
In an effort to prove their position, Trump was quoted as saying that he's seen Indians in Indian casinos who "don't look like Indians," which probably should have summoned the ghost of Eliot Ness and maybe the Pinkertons, but instead only fell on the deaf ears of people who were convinced that the success of Indian casinos and the total lack of evidence of mob interference in them may have just angered up other casino moguls who wanted to eliminate their competition. But that sounds silly as shit. Very silly shit, like a turd with googly eyes and maybe a spinning bow tie. Oh my God, can you imagine? What a silly shit!
1 Debt Relief
Getty
Take a moment to think about your life. You're on a comedy site, so you probably enjoy laughter, unless it's the acerbic laugh of a prostitute who refuses to refund your money after your third failure to launch. But what do you hate in life? You probably just said olives, which are as gross as kissing John Goodman's crack after they ran uphill, and debt. Debt is what happens when you have $5 and buy $10 worth of delicious ham and vodka and then you're drunk and salty but you owe shopkeeper Lucius $5 because they spotted you one and they expect that money soon or you've got a broken leg in your future or, at the very least, your wife has to give them a handy.
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Debt is a dirty curse that affects many of us, and the country itself has more debt than you can shake a stick at. According to official sources, the current U.S. debt is everything. All the money ever is how far in debt we are, isn't that crazy? Sure is! If we fall off this fiscal cliff, everyone is talking about how we legally all have to trade in our houses for tents and take in a drifter.
Getty
"In the words of JFK, ask not what your country can do for you, ask if you can spare 20 bucks for your country ... We're good for it, I swear."
Trump, realizing that being in debt for all the money was a bad way to be and that we were all going to have to give handys to a lot of people around the world, came up with a plan to eliminate that debt that would leave all our cuticles relatively semen-free. The plan was to tax anyone with a net worth of more than $10 million a rate of 14.25 percent one time. Trump felt that this would pull in about $5.7 trillion (which is based on weird math, since the net worth of everyone in the U.S. valued at over $1 million is about $12 trillion, but whatever).
Getty
"Every rich person has secret money. We keep it in our butts."
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Financial experts felt that this would cause anyone worth money to flee the country like wealthy rats from a sinking golden yacht, but Trump figured that the rich would barely suffer because they're rich and would still be able to buy all kinds of awesome mohair evening gowns and Italian leather condoms. And even though current-era Trump seems to hate the idea of taxing the rich and was opposed to Obama ending the Bush-era tax cuts, that's probably just a smokescreen so you don't realize how much they really wants to tax the ever-loving shit out of everyone.
Or it has something to do with latent racism, but that seems unlikely, because Donald Trump once said, "I have a great relationship with the blacks," and anyone who talks like that can't be lying. They probably eat soul food and watches Madea movies all the time. At the end of the day, though, what you need to take away from this is that Trump seriously once had a plan to eliminate the debt by sticking it to rich people. It was a good idea. You may even agree with it. And it was Trump's. So basically, by the transitive properties of comedy articles, you just made love to Trump and enjoyed it.
For more dumb moves by celebrities, check out The 7 Most Retarded Ways Celebrities Have Tried to Go Green and The 6 Most Misguided Causes Ever Made Famous by Celebrities.
An alleged cash kickback scheme involving government cleaning contracts at the Queen's Park office complex has been broken up by police.
On Monday, the Ontario Provincial Police arrested three provincial officials and one employee at CB Richard Ellis, a company that does project management work for the government.
Three government officials — two at the Ministry of Transportation and one at the Ministry of Economic Development and Trade — have been charged with accepting a secret commission and breach of trust and are on paid leave from their jobs. The project manager employee has been charged with one count of fraud under $5,000 and is on unpaid leave.
The OPP has not identified the cleaning company or laid charges against a cleaner. OPP Inspector Dave Ross said only that the investigation is “ongoing.” Nine search warrants have been executed on government offices and private residences.
The OPP said the probe began a year ago when provincial audit officials found some financial irregularities relating to a cleaning contract. Sources have told the Star that allegations investigated by police include one that a cleaning contractor and government officials double billed the province by both submitting invoices for cleaning services and then paying for those same services using a government credit card, also called a “P” card.
The Honey Bee Genome Sequencing Consortium is an international collaborative group of genomics scientists, scientific organisations and universities trying to decipher the genome sequences of the honey bee (Apis mellifera). It was formed in 2001 by American scientists. In the US, the project is funded by the National Human Genome Research Institute (a division of the National Institutes of Health (NIH)), the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA), the Texas Agricultural Experiment Station, the University of Illinois Sociogenomics Initiative, and various beekeepers association and the bee industry.
First scientific findings show that the honey bee genome may have evolved more slowly than the genomes of the fruit fly and malaria mosquito.[1] The bee genome contains versions of some important mammalian genes.
The complete genome of Apis mellifera has been sequenced and consists of 10,000 genes with approximately 236 million base pairs. The size of the genome is a tenth of the human genome .[2] The Western honey bee gene sequence showed 163 chemical receptors for smell but only 10 for taste. Besides the discovery of new genes for the use of pollen and nectar, researchers found that, in comparison with other insects, Apis mellifera has fewer genes for immunity, detoxification and the development of the cuticula .[3] The population genetic analysis showed Africa as the origin and hypothesized that the spread into Europe happened in at least two independent waves. [4]
Data from the scientific collaboration is made available on Beebase led by Texas A&M University.[5]
BeeSpace led by the University of Illinois[6] is an effort to complete a web navigable catalog of related information.
See also [ edit ]
While calling a woman hot or sexy usually attracts backlash for a man, the case is quite the opposite when a woman terms a man droolworthy or hot. Objectification of men has become a common phenomenon today. TOI exploresOh boy, they sizzles', ‘Look at those curves, they make me drool', ‘Wow, she's hot!'... Now, any of these statements made by a man is considered offensive not just by the opposite sex, but people in general. But consider these statements — ‘He's put sex back in the sensex', ‘Look at those abs, they make me drool!', ‘Oh wow! He's hot'. Now, when spouted by women, these lines don't seem offensive anymore. If anything, they seem like compliments! While women are commodified often in commercials and movies, today, it's not a taboo for the fairer sex to assume the position of the observer. Complimenting a man's desirability quotient is not frowned upon.Take the current RBI Governor Raghuram Rajan , for instance, whose appearance created more of a stir than their appointment; or that famous picture of John Abraham in ‘those yellow trunks', even Milind Soman in the latest after-shave ad — men too are portrayed in a sexual way. And while it is quite common for women to drool over men on screen, the ones off it too isn't strangers to adulation by girls! And if anything, it acts like a major ego boost for the men.Little wonder then, that a theatre group from Bangalore has come up with a play, 12 Inches, which is a satirical take on objectification of men. “The idea for this play came about because of the conversations we have with our female friends — they're always like ‘oh my god, look at the pervert checking me out'. They always feel that guys are objectifying them. While there are some perverts who stare at women, not all guys are like that — we do compliment women in a gentlemanly way. In fact, men too are victims of stares and letches,” says writer-director of the play, Chaitanya Warad, adding, “While men get their knuckles rapped for talking about a woman's physicality, all's forgiven when a woman does the same — it's brushed under the carpet. I know from experience that women do talk about a guy's appearance. However, it's unfair to put all guys in the same bracket and say they are perverts.”Our city boys too aren't strangers to stares, letches and even comments, from girls. Syed Rafiuddin Ali, a bank employee, says, “Girls do check us out. There have been so many instances where I've walked into a corporate house for business, and have had women looking at me the entire time. At first, I felt shy; embarrassed even. But later, it began to act as an ego boost for me.”Men enjoy the attention because they find it ‘sweet' and in most cases feel ‘wanted'. “Women are too sweet and nice. Their appreciation is healthy and it doesn't pose much of a problem. Plus, appreciation of any kind makes you feel good! So whoever's receiving it should be glad," laughs actor Harshvardhan Rane
Intelligence briefings, classified memos, speech edits—President Obama clearly can't share the details of their daily Oval Office reading list. But Obama, one of the great orators of modern politics, was influenced by great authors long before they got national security clearance. In our November issue, the president gave WIRED a crash course in the books that shaped him.
Like all diligent overachievers, we take our homework seriously. So we calculated how much time you'd need to read everything on Professor Obama's syllabus. You're looking at 89 hours with great minds like Abraham Lincoln, James Baldwin, and Elizabeth Kolbert. Obama appreciates an excellent novel like John Steinbeck's In Dubious Battle, but doesn't shy away from hard-hitting nonfiction, like Yuval Noah Harari's Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind. And he's got a soft spot for biographies of great American forces of change, from Andy Grove to Martin Luther King Jr.
Of course, you could space that reading out over a manageable amount of time. But you also could work on your taxes for an hour a week and have them done by March. So next time you've got a week to spare, kick up your feet and cram for your first-year student lit seminar in the Oval Office. There's never been such a good excuse for avoiding conversation with extended family over the holidays; let the binge-reading begin!
Update No. 2: For the fourth time in four days, Trump has pretty clearly responded to something they saw on the news by taking to Twitter. Here's Stelter, once again, with the eagle eye:
7:25am, CNN has Gregg Phillips on, @ChrisCuomo challenges Phillips' lack of voter fraud evidence. 8:12am, Trump tweets about Gregg Phillips. pic.twitter.com/gQAvSAMXlB — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) January 27, 2017
Update Thursday: Trump has now done it again, tweeting that Chelsea Manning is an "ungrateful traitor" 14 minutes after Fox News ran that phrase on its screen, as CNN's Brian Stelter notes. Trump also said it suggested Obama was a "weak leader," as Fox had.
14 minutes apart: Fox says "ungrateful traitor," Trump says "ungrateful traitor," Fox says "weak leader," Trump says "weak leader." pic.twitter.com/f7urTOUG1L — Brian Stelter (@brianstelter) January 26, 2017
The original post, from Wednesday morning, is below.
Over the past 12 or so hours, President Trump has made two major policy pronouncements via Twitter. On Tuesday night, they said they may “send the Feds!” to combat the “carnage” in Chicago, and on Wednesday morning, they said they planned to launch a “major investigation” of voter fraud.
Both of these things can pretty easily be traced back to one source: Trump's television.
As the Huffington Post's Michael Calderone noted late Tuesday night, Trump's tweet about Chicago came shortly after Fox News Channel's Bill O'Reilly ran a segment using the exact same statistics. Here's the graphic O'Reilly showed:
Here was the graphic on The O'Reilly Factor just over an hour before Trump started tweeting Chicago crime statistics https://t.co/KMYxDiRHOa pic.twitter.com/NwPXeIT3G2 — Michael Calderone (@mlcalderone) January 25, 2017
And here's Trump's tweet:
If Chicago doesn't fix the horrible "carnage" going on, 228 shootings in 2017 with 42 killings (up 24% from 2016), I will send in the Feds! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) January 25, 2017
228. 42. 24 percent. All were in the graphic on O'Reilly's show, which is a Trump favorite.
Earlier Tuesday afternoon, the idea of a voter-fraud investigation was a major, contentious theme of White House press secretary Sean Spicer's daily briefing. Three journalists pressed Spicer on a very logical question: If Trump truly believed that 3 million to 5 million illegal votes were cast in the 2016 presidential race, why hadn't they called for an investigation of this seemingly major scandal?
During the daily briefing, White House press secretary Sean Spicer said that widespread voter fraud is a belief President Trump has "maintained for a while." (Reuters)
As I wrote Tuesday, he's the president now, and they have professed severe concerns about election integrity and illegal immigrants. So their lack of a call for an investigation after more than two months of pushing this falsehood was conspicuous and suggested that they aren't terribly serious about it.
Well, now they have called for one. Apparently in response to the heated back-and-forths at the televised briefing and the ensuing coverage of those exchanges, Trump tweeted Wednesday morning that they will indeed push for an investigation. The Washington Post's Robert Costa reports that an unnamed Trump aide insists that this has been discussed for a while, but Spicer sure seemed to be slow-rolling the possibility on Tuesday.
Update: It's been brought to my attention that NBC's "Today" show ran a fact-check segment featuring chief legal correspondent Ari Melber just minutes before Trump's tweets, in which Melber said the lack of an investigation was "an inconsistency that is very hard to square.” The segment ran starting at 7:07 a.m. Eastern time and featured a discussion of the lack of an investigation as the clock struck 7:10 a.m.; Trump tweeted about the investigation at 7:10.
So here we are again, in a situation in which Trump seems to be reacting in significant ways to what they see on TV and in the media.
Last month, Trump tweeted about canceling Boeing's contract for the new Air Force One shortly after a Chicago Tribune article was posted that quoted Boeing chief executive Dennis Muilenberg making comments critical of increasing opposition to free trade — in other words, the position central to Trump's presidential bid. (Trump insisted that they hadn't seen the article.)
Boeing is building a brand new 747 Air Force One for future presidents, but costs are out of control, more than $4 billion. Cancel order! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) December 6, 2016
This story in which Boeing CEO expressed concerns about Trump's views on trade posted just before Trump tweet --https://t.co/aBvK87GzzW — Jake Tapper (@jaketapper) December 6, 2016
In November, Trump tweeted about how he'd like to punish flag-burners with loss of citizenship of jail time. About half an hour before, Fox News had aired a segment about students at a Massachusetts-based Hampshire College reportedly burning the flag in protest of Trump's election.
Timing of Trump's tweet lines up w/ Fox segment at 6:25AM on students burning the flag https://t.co/W7G4Hlw1O6 https://t.co/8M0AC4EfQy — Katherine Faulders (@KFaulders) November 29, 2016
And that's to say nothing of their regular skewering of journalists and news media outlets whose stories and segments they haven't approved of.
Trump themselves has basically copped to this behavior. During the campaign, NBC's Chuck Todd asked them where they got their military advice, and their response was, “I watch the shows.” Hillary Clinton's campaign put it in an ad.
The difference now, though, is that he's in a position to actually make major policy decisions on it — such as opening a large investigation and sending federal resources to urban areas.
Trump has made many bold Twitter pronouncements that appear to have fallen by the wayside — statements about their political views and preferred policies that may reflect momentary whims that will never find their way into official White House action. (Trump hasn't even really talked about flag-burning and Air Force One since their tweets in November and December.) And given the sheer volume of these proclamations, their supporters and even the media will probably forget many of them were ever made.
But when something happens like it did Tuesday at the White House news briefing, and Trump responds with a promise for a “major investigation,” it's impossible to ignore the fact that he's now in the position to make that happen quickly — and to be held accountable if they don't.
We'll see if they actually follow through on either of the things they promised since Tuesday night or if they'll fade into Trump's news-making vortex. But if they do go forward with them, we'll know what set it in motion.
(University of Hawaii School of Medicine)
The transgenic bunnies were born last week. They are expected to live long, productive rabbit lives. They are not evil; they just glow bright green under a black light. They do not portend apocalypse, but rather a potential for great good.
The road to their creation began years ago. Dr. Stefan Moisyadi works with transposing DNA vectors at the University of Hawaii School of Medicine, where glowing mice were created in the 1980s. Now he's at the head of the rabbit project—though this time the birth took place in Istanbul, as part of a collaboration with Turkish researchers.
(University of Hawaii) (University of Hawaii)
The idea is that scientists inject genetic material into rabbit embryos, and they want to see that it becomes a part of their genetic makeup. The glowing green is not an end in itself, but a marker that their technique is working. The protein that creates the glow comes from jellyfish DNA (which was injected into the rabbit embryo).
Moisyadi told Hawaii local news channel KHON, "These rabbits are like a light bulb glowing, like an LED light all over their body. And on top of it, their fur is beginning to grow and the greenness is shining right through their fur. It's so intense."
Light bulb, LED light—the opportunities for creative imagery are numerous. It's like an overflowing bin of potential words.
What's a gun store without guns and ammunition?
This is the only store the gun control activists on Seattle City Council will allow in Seattle.
Since Seattle City Council "gun violence tax" ordinance have been certified by judge Palmer Robinson (up for reelection this year) as "not regulation", it is in effect starting 1/1/2016, and selling guns and ammunition in Seattle is no longer financially viable.
As a result, we will temporarily suspend selling guns and ammunition at our Seattle location, and we are working furiously on our new place outside the city bounds (we will announce the location shortly).
We can still sell firearms on the Internet as long as they go outside the State of Washington, and we will continue selling reloading equipment, cleaning supplies, AR-15 parts (but not receivers!), and other accessories.
We will also continue doing firearms transfers for both private sellers and Internet purchases.
This hiatus is expected to last until mid-February when our new location will open for business.
We of course have appealed the atrocious decision of the lower court judge, and hope to be back in Seattle once the process has run its course towards the end of the year.
We are also looking to expand - specifically, to East Side and south of Seattle, so if you are aware of a likely piece of real estate, please drop us a line at locations@preciseshooter.com. If we end up using the piece of real estate you find us, we will give you a year worth of free FFL transfers.
Also, if you would like to be part of the Seattle Area's hottest gun startup, we offer excellent compensation, free food, paid holidays, 2 weeks of vacation, and massive discounts on gun and ammunition purchases for people who would like to make firearms their long term career choice.
If you are passionate about guns, able to work 40 hours a week during our normal business hours, and have reasonable experience in firearms please see here about applying.
Thank you very much, and we hope you will continue supporting us in 2016!
ST. CLOUD - Three bomb threats reported within an hour of each other are believed to be a hoax and possibly related, according to St. Cloud Police and Sartell Police.
The Sartell Walmart had been evacuated, Sartell police officer Jarod Cooper says police were called to the scene shortly after 1:00 p.m. after reports came in of a possible bomb inside the Walmart. Cooper says the report was a hoax and nothing suspicious was found. Police are now letting employees and customers back into the store.
St. Cloud police responded to the first bomb threat at St. Cloud Library from 12:29 p.m. to 1:00 p.m. The second bomb threat was reported at Cash Wise just after 1:00 p.m. at 1001 4th Street Southeast.
St. Cloud Police and Fire responded to both the St. Cloud Library and Cash wise locations and determined there was no threat. Nothing suspicious was found and customers/guests were allowed back inside.
Staff at both locations made the decision to evacuate.
Police say all three incidents seem to be a hoax and could be related.
On Monday, the St. Cloud Walmart was also evacuated for a bomb threat.
For five years, the United States economy has been expanding at a steady clip, the stock market soaring, the headlines filled with talk of recovery. Yet public opinion polling shows most Americans still think the economy is pretty miserable.
What might account for the paradox? New data from a research firm offers a simple, frustrating answer: Middle-class American families' income is lower now, when adjusted for inflation, than when the recovery began half a decade ago.
Sentier Research, a firm led by former census officials, used census data to tabulate an estimate of the median household income — how much is earned by families at the exact middle of the nation's income distribution. In June 2014, it found in a report issued Wednesday, the median household income was $53,891, down from $55,589 in inflation-adjusted dollars when the economic expansion began in June 2009.
The economic paradox isn't much of a paradox at all in this light: The purchasing power of the typical American family is 3.1 percent lower now than it was five years ago. No wonder people are unhappy about the economy! The benefits of rising levels of economic activity have simply not accrued to middle-income wage earners.
Just a quick note before we proceed, there are plenty of $20 tickets remaining for the RINGSIDE w/ Jim Ross Show in San Jose on Saturday March 28 at the Rockbar Theater starting at 1 pm at ticketweb.com. Tickets will also be available at the venue the day of the event as well. All VIP tickets have sold out and for that we are grateful. We expect a great crowd with many distinguished guests but none more important than you if you can make it.
Perhaps because my lack of writing expertise or maybe some simply wanted to believe what they chose to believe regarding what I wrote in my last blog about former WWE NXT Head Coach Bill DeMott so I will attempt to clarify my stance on this matter.
Firstly, I do not endorse the old school method of coaching whether it be on an athletic field, the gym or in pro wrestling classes. I do believe in pushing students to improve in all areas of their game and their presentation and to challenge them to achieve every thing that they envision earning as it relates to their career. The physical and mental toughness that is required to be a successful pro wrestler can be ascertained during drills and other exercises in the camp quite easily. Most talent evaluators can determine rather quickly, as in a few days, if someone has what it takes to thrive and grow in most pro wrestling camps.
I do not endorse any type of bigoted or bullying behavior in any walk of life and not just in sports or entertainment. How could any reasonable person embrace such behavior?
Many people have taken me to task about what I wrote recently about Bill DeMott and some reacted very callously and with no respect, apparently not practicing what they preach. Many of these people I've answered and very few have I 'blocked' even though their expressing themselves was often times hurtful.
Social media is a strange animal. I blogged about an idea aka fantasy booking about Ronda Rousey facing Stephanie McMahon at WM32 simply as an idea off the top of my head that I thought, and still do, that would be intriguing especially if played out over time and with the villain, Steph, loading the deck in their favor to prove that Ms McMahon is the alpha female in the ring and not Rousey. I stand behind that idea because I feel that fans will line up to support Ronda and likewise to see Stephanie get what is perceived that they have coming to them For this 'fantasy booking' I was treated by many with defiance and disrespect and as if I had no clue about booking simply because I'm 63 and "the times have passed you by" stance. Trust me, I have a full grasp of the wrestling business in a multitude of areas plus age discrimination is just as insensitive as any other strain.
When I said in the DeMott blog that some of today's youth feel entitled and defiant at times, this Rousey-Stephanie example alone exemplifies that point or so it seems to me. All young people aren't defiant or suffer from entitlement but I will argue that many do and are, at times, challenging to coach. Again, no excuse to abuse them.
Again, being defiant or feeling entitled gives no one a free pass to exercise abuse in any form. Bigotry and discrimination must die or it will continue to decay our society.
Once all the facts come in and this matter is thoroughly investigated, if Bill DeMott is guilty of the many allegations that have popped up then Bill needed to step away from their role, as they have, and re-evaluate their philosophies and reassess their professional approach to coaching future pro wrestlers if that is what they pursue.
Society has changed and we all must change with it.
I've also been taken to task by some because a group of entitled, irresponsible frat boys at the SAE Fraternity at Oklahoma University represented themselves, and no one else in our state, with repulsive, racial behavior as many have seen on the video that has been going around via various news media. It's an embarrassment to our State and our University that is a mere 3 miles from our home. These bigots are not representative of the state in which I live and I have proudly had family here since before statehood. IMO these defiant young men, many born of privilege and who feel entitled should be kicked out school if the law allows it. The Frat house will be closed permanently as of midnight Tuesday night. That can't come soon enough for me.
I was called a racist because I actually live "in the South" IE Oklahoma when this Frat thing reared its ugly head. WTH?
An example of the Frat Boy ignorance can be quickly seen at the Q&A's here which are updated. I left one email on that topic and deleted the rest.
On a brighter note, the Terry Funk Ross Report Podcast has been a huge hit. Thanks to all that have listened to one of our best shows to date. Our podcast can be downloaded for free as well at pocastone.com and iTunes. You can always listen to the most current Ross Report right here at our site on the homepage. Check out the back shows when time permits as many are just discovering these shows.
Tuesday night my conversation with @RealMelina will drop at 9 pm ET and it's another really open and honest conversation. I encourage all of you to subscribe to the Ross Report as it costs you nothing and insures that you miss an episode.
Boomer Sooner!
J.R. @JRsBBQ on Twitter
Sean M. Haffey/Getty Images
The Los Angeles Lakers announced rookie point guard Lonzo Ball will miss Monday's game against the Minnesota Timberwolves with a left shoulder sprain.
The announcement noted Ball underwent an MRI on Sunday and will be re-evaluated in a week.
The Lakers selected Ball with the second overall pick in the 2017 NBA draft after their standout first-year student campaign at UCLA. They averaged 14.6 points, 7.6 assists and 6.0 rebounds across 36 games with the Bruins. They got off to a fast start as a pro when they earned MVP honors in the Las Vegas Summer League.
Injuries are starting to become at least a minor concern during their debut season, though. The 20-year-old California native dealt with a calf strain while playing in the summer league. Then they missed most of the preseason while recovering from an ankle injury.
If the latest setback causes the prized rookie to miss significant time, combo guard Jordan Clarkson could take over as the team's starter at the point. It would also create more opportunities for Tyler Ennis and Josh Hart as part of the backcourt rotation.
Ultimately, the Lakers' rebuilding project is trending in the right direction, but they aren't ready to compete with the top teams in the loaded Western Conference yet. So the front office and coaching staff could opt to take the cautious approach with Ball's recovery.
In my Times op-ed yesterday, I wrote that:
There is a fixed idea among some Israeli leaders that Hamas can be bombed into moderation. This is a false and dangerous notion. It is true that Hamas can be deterred militarily for a time, but tanks cannot defeat deeply felt belief.
Reuel Gerecht writes in to tell me that I'm completely wrong:
Actually, Islamic history teaches just the opposite. If you start with the Kharijites and move forward (and I can happily give you a list running from the Azariqa, the worst of the Khawarij, who very much resemble the most radical of the Sunnis today, to the 7ners, to the Qizilbash--my all-time favorites, to the Mahdists, to the Iranian death-wish believers of the Iran-Iraq war), it is military defeat that produces the fatigue and the spiritual deflation that leads to acquiescence (and, sometimes, reflection). I prefer "acquiescence" to "moderation". The latter arrives, but the English implies a certain thoughtfulness that shouldn't be underscored. Unless you throttle the ifratiyyun--the militants--on the battlefield, they will come back at you.
Now, whether the Israelis--and the Americans behind them--have the stomach and patience for this, is a different question. But decisive military defeat is history's great "moderator". (Just ask the Germans.) Unfortunately, as you have often said, the Middle East is a tough neighborhood, and Islam isn't a faith that has produced many men who are widely esteemed for their abiding love of peace and brotherhood with non-Muslims. (A Muslim Jeffrey Goldberg, a former prison guard of Jews who tries to understand the "other" with sincere curiosity and not a small amount of affection, seems surreal.) Israel's present fundamentalist enemies will surely be the most tenacious foes the Jewish State has ever had. Barring a '67-like trauma for fundamentalists (you want the Hamas and Hizbollah leadership to feel like Nasir), It's hard to see this turning round. Perhaps the Palestinians will turn on Hamas. (If they do so, it will in great part be because Israel's tanks, planes, and foot-soldiers made a convincing argument.) The only way we are likely to know is next time at the urns. It's very hard imagining Fatah downing Hamas in a fight.
I've never actually played the Friday the 13th NES game, but I am familiar with its legacy, as I'm sure are many of you. If you're unfamiliar with it, the game was labelled one of the worst of all time. That was 25 years ago, but that substantial amount of time hasn't kept one fan from doing something that's as crazy as it is impressive. I'm not sure what the split is, maybe 70/30 favoring the former.
In an effort to salvage at least a small part of the game's reputation, TripleZeroFilms has gone and made a comprehensive guide for the game. Its 50 pages long and, according to its maker, took over 50 hours to create. Again, this is for a game that is nearly three decades old.
If you're planning on playing it, this guide has everything you'll ever need to know about it, including maps of its levels, comprehensive breakdowns of every weapon and enemy, and so much more. You can find it here.
The problem with people who bring religion to their politics is that they're obsessed with sex. It's never “I'm a devout Anglican, therefore I couldn't possibly vote for a cap on social security payments (Acts 4:34).” When a politician's potted history starts “a committed Christian”, you can bet this isn't a prelude to a CV full of redistributive tax policies. It's all sodomy and foetuses, Tim Farron on a brightly lit TV sofa explaining why the adamantine but immeasurable quality of their “conscience” prevents them from according some people's sexuality the same dignity as other people's, or Jacob Rees-Mogg informing the pregnant victims of rape or incest that abortion is not an option, for, unlikely as it seems, this is what their Lord had in mind.
Who could see Jacob Rees-Mogg as authentic? Only the gullible Tories | Marina Hyde Read more
Then everyone disappears down the rabbit hole of church versus state, and what accommodations a reasonable political system can make to an immovable set of beliefs that are part of our cultural history and must not be erased. It's a basic category error: the principle is not that religion has no place in politics; it's that sex has no place in politics. If this assertion means we also have to stop going into a moral panic every time a minister has an affair, I'm OK with that.
The irreligious conservative bystander tends to respond with a shrug and wonder what the fuss is all about. Gay rights are well enough established that, even had the Liberal Democrats not been a spent electoral force, Farron's reservations were unlikely to result in any concrete change. If Rees-Mogg were to become prime minister tomorrow, the unwanted pregnancies of rape victims would be the least of our problems. This is chalked up to the relatively new concept of “liberal intolerance”; we liberals have had our own way for so long that we no longer allow our opponents even to think a thing we disapprove of.
The hitch in that insouciance is that, when your sexuality is deplored by your political system, you are brutalised by the institutions that surround it. You effectively operate outside the protection of the law. We know this from the way gay-bashing was investigated by police in the 50s and 60s (short version; it wasn't), we know this from the deaths of gay rights activists from Bangladesh to Jamaica to Cameroon. Homophobia has a curious, expansionist tendency: it is never enough to simply think less of a person for their sexual preferences. There is always an undercurrent of wanting to prove that disapproval with violence, or the turning-a-blind-eye thereto.
Anti-abortion rhetoric has a similar creeping quality, never confining itself to the rights of the unborn, always veering into women's lives generally, how healthy they should stay, how much they should be paid, what their status should be on an operating table, or in a court of law. The sharp edge of the social violence is that when women don't have access to legal abortion they die. So that's why, when sex enters politics, we all make such a fuss. It may all be a lovable pose from the person with the conscience, but to those against whom their consciences recoil, it is a matter of life and death. Plus, there's a simple hygiene issue: no consensual sex act is anybody else's business. Nobody wants Rees-Mogg in their bedroom, even if only in their imagination.
It is in the interests of the homophobic and the misogynistic to cleave to the idea that this is a matter of religion, since it dignifies what would otherwise be a seedy and base diversion from the proper business of politics.
Less straightforward is why the others of their faith do so little to critique them. It is striking that actual religious figures in public life – rather than public figures who declaim their religion but hold it distinct from their office – tend to be much more interested in the pro-social aspects of their faith. The archbishop of Canterbury, Justin Welby, last week put forward a radical plan for economic equality, not radical enough for my tastes, but situating them plainly in the territory of social justice.
Pope Francis is an ardent environmentalist and seeker after peace, positions that – at least in the first instance – would be anachronistic to find Biblical grounds for, but I think we can easily enough imagine having God's approval. History has no shortage of religious movements for peace, equality and universal rights, and arguably, it is within church structures that warriors for social justice – the Oscar Romeros, the Desmond Tutus – are likely to be found, while hard-right authoritarians, the Mike Pences, exist outside it, enabling them to appropriate the energy and respectability of their faith without having to go back and check that closing down Planned Parenthood is the stated priority of the synod.
Lidl airbrushing crosses from food? You can't just excise religion from life | Andrew Brown Read more
The mistake – also made with Islam – is to present all this on a sliding scale: Welby, with their bleeding-heart liberalism is a “moderate”, while Farron, unable to embrace sexual diversity even when their career depended on it, is “committed”. A Muslim whose religion spurred them to work for peace in the Middle East would be a “moderate”, while a Muslim who sought the immediate instatement of sharia law would be “extreme”.
Yet these positions are not gradations on the same scale: they are completely different world views, as different as pluralism and absolutism, as different as tolerance and authoritarianism, hanging on the same godhead not by ideological commonality but by historical coincidence. The pope, were they aware of him, would be compelled by this debate's frame to defend Rees-Mogg, on the grounds that to do otherwise would be to allow religious conviction to be erased from the public sphere. What the pope ought to be able to do instead is to say: “Your conception of our religion, as a means of denigration and control, is not one I share or recognise.” Or, more succinctly: “You ain't no Catholic, bruv.”
• Zoe Williams is a Guardian columnist
November 13, 2012
Benjamin Ratliffe , a flight attendant with AFSCME Local 60 in Madison, explains why the Beloit bus drivers' contract fight is important for unions all over Wisconsin.
BUS DRIVERS in Beloit, Wis., are ready to strike unless First Student Inc., the private company with a contract with the Beloit School District, meets their demands for a wage increase and a fair contract that the company actually adheres to.
In October, the 38 members of Beloit Bus Drivers Union, AFSCME Local 412, voted by a supermajority to authorize a strike. No strike date has been set yet, and union leaders are hoping the threat of a strike will prove sufficient. Members are receiving a great deal of solidarity from Beloit teachers and are stepping up their community outreach. Earlier this month, the union began receiving financial donations for "mutual aid and assistance" from other area locals.
Contract negotiations have been going on for a year, and as this article was being written, union leaders had just delivered another counterproposal in negotiations. The union has decided to up the ante. In addition to taking the strike vote, Local 412 has filed an Unfair Labor Practices charges with National Labor Relations Board (NLRB).
In violation of their current contact with Local 412, the company has "frozen" a salary step increase and outsourced union jobs by refusing to post employment opportunities. Previous NLRB investigations at other First Student Inc. terminals found the company guilty of similar misconduct. The filing will also provide legal protection in the event of retaliation or discrimination on the part of the bosses.
First Student is one of the largest, multinational charter bus companies in the country. Bus drivers in its employ, however, receive no employer-supported health care, pensions, vacation time or even sick leave. Contracted with the school district, First Student is making out like bandits on the public dime.
Union officials want an investigation of more than $800,000 that has gone unaccounted for. Only 30 percent of the money the company receives from the district goes toward workers' pay. In comparison, nearly 80 percent of public funding goes to salaries and benefits for the district's public-sector workers.
The company's contract with the district expires at end of year, and the union is smartly taking advantage of this potential weakness to force First Student, Inc. to shape up or ship out.
THE FIGHTING spirit in Local 412 needs to take root in locals across the state. AFSCME has lost nearly half its membership since Gov. Scott Walker banned collective bargaining through the passage of their "budget repair bill" in 2011.
Getting members to stick with the union after their contracts have expired has proven difficult, but a few locals have really stood out--particularly those in Rock County, home of two of Wisconsin's most economically hard-hit cities, Beloit and Janesville, where union leaders there have successful re-signed over 90 percent of their members.
When asked in an interview how they've been organizing and keeping their membership up, Janesville District AFSCME Staff Representative Ed Sadlowski cited "a clear methodology of cultivating leadership" and a sense of collective ownership among the members. Workers need to know that "they are the union" and what they get out of being members of a union is largely determined by how willing they are to fight back.
Union members are updated on negotiations through the publication of regular Street Reports, which also share stories from other locals around the state. This not only builds a sense of being part of a broader union family, but also impresses upon union members the importance of being union activists, as many other locals are learning the hard way.
Sharing these stories of hard times and successes is something AFSCME should do more consistently across the state.
According to a recent Street Report, "In a growing demonstration of solidarity and protected concerted activity, the 38 AFSCME members at the Beloit Terminal continue to wear their union colors on the job each day, and have also taken to 'sticker ups,' which proclaim, "UP YOUR OFFER!" and "FAIR CONTRACT NOW!"
Local 412 workers aren't demanding much--a fair contract, a 2 percent wage increase and for First Student, Inc. to live up to their end of their agreements. Regardless, the company has so far stubbornly refused. This goes to show that winning even modest gains from a colossal and highly profitable company like First Student, Inc. is going to take a serious fight. But Local 412 looks like it's up to the challenge.
If their contract isn't renewed--and respected--and the bus drivers hit the picket line, unionists and activists all over Southern Wisconsin need to mobilize to help their brothers and sisters win!
Victorian Senators have been decided
The Australian Electoral Commission (AEC) has announced that the count for the election of twelve Senators for Victoria was completed today.
The successful candidates for the twelve Senate vacancies for Victoria are (in order of their election):
Successful candidates for the twelve Senate vacancies for Victoria Order Candidate Party 1 FIFIELD, Mitch Liberal 2 CARR, Kim Australian Labor Party 3 DI NATALE, Richard The Greens 4 McKENZIE, Bridget The Nationals 5 CONROY, Stephen Michael Australian Labor Party 6 RYAN, Scott Liberal 7 COLLINS, Jacinta Australian Labor Party 8 PATERSON, James Liberal 9 MARSHALL, Gavin Australian Labor Party 10 HINCH, Derryn Derryn Hinch's Justice Party 11 RICE, Janet The Greens 12 HUME, Jane Liberal
The Australian Electoral Officer for Victoria, Jeff Pope said the distribution of preferences was conducted today to elect the twelve Victorian Senators.
"As with all aspects of the count, the automated distribution of preferences undertaken today was open to scrutineers appointed by the candidates," Mr Pope said.
All 2016 federal election results are available on the AEC's tally room at www.aec.gov.au/results.
Declaration of the Poll
Mr Pope said the formal Declaration of the Poll for the 2016 election of Senators for Victoria will take place at 2:30pm on Thursday 4 August and will be held at the AEC Victoria State Office, Level 8 Casselden, 2 Lonsdale St, Melbourne.
All candidates and the media are invited to attend. RSVPs are not required.
Most banks around the world couldn't survive losing $50 billion in six months. But most banks don't print their own money.
The Swiss National Bank, Switzerland's central bank, announced on Friday that it suffered a first-half loss of 50.1 billion Swiss francs ($52 billion), the vast majority of which was from the decline in value of its holdings of euros.
The reason the bank held so many euros was that for several years, the bank maintained a peg against the euro, wherein it would not allow the value of the franc to rise above 1.2 euros, to prevent an expensive Swiss Franc from hurting the Swiss economy. When the central bank lifted the peg earlier this year, it sent the value of the Franc soaring, and the value of its euro holdings falling. The central bank also lost money on its gold reserves, as the shiny metal has taken it on the chin of late.
Luckily for the Swiss National Bank, it can't actually become insolvent, since it can simply print francs to cover any losses it suffers. The announcement caused the value of the Swiss Franc to tumble, falling as much as 0.4% against the euro on Friday.
US mobile operator AT&T today announced its fourth quarter financial results, declaring that it saw huge growth in mobile broadband sales and smartphone activations, with the iPhone accounting for 81% of all smartphones activated by the carrier.
AT&T activated 9.4 million smartphones in its last quarter, with Apple's iPhone contributing 7.6 million of the activations. Despite the huge growth of Apple activations, it was also a record quarter for Android activations.
In comparison, Verizon activated 2.3 million 4G devices and 4.3 million iPhones and 4.3 million, doubling from the third quarter's 2 million, but even then AT&T still sold 77% more iPhones than Verizon in the last quarter.
This meant that AT&T's sales growth between the third and fourth quarters was 181%, with Verizon posting impressive figures of 115%.
Apple commenter SammyWalrusIV calculated the figures and identified that 70% of all smartphones sold by America's two biggest operators were iPhones. It's no wonder that Apple posted sales of 37 million iPhones:
iPhone represented 70% of all smartphones sold at AT&T and Verizon last quarter. Not that bad huh? — Sammy the Walrus IV (@SammyWalrusIV) January 26, 2012
It is also estimated that 32% of all iPhones sold last quarter we sold by AT&T and Verizon.
AT&T's saw smartphone activations rise 60% year over year, with consolidated revenues of $32.5 billion, up $1.1 billion, or 3.6 percent, versus the year-earlier period. However, it posted a fourth-quarter loss of $6.7 billion, down from a profit of $1.1 billion a year previous.
It's loss is put down to the failed merger with AT&T, which it dropped after facing pressure from the FCC. This meant it had to pay $4 billion to the US operator after the deal fell through.
We look forward to seeing how Sprint fared in the last quarter, given that the iPhone 4S is the first Apple device it has sold. If AT&T and Verizon are anything to go by, Sprint may well see impressive figures also.
Read next: With 70% of its listings outside of the US, Airbnb has booked 5 million overnighters
Avi Lerner, CEO of the company behind The Expendables 3, says that the online leak of the movie cost their business $250 million. “Within five years, we're not going to have a business," the Nu Image CEO said, adding that President Obama doesn't want to pass "simple" anti-piracy laws because he's scared of Google and the ISPs.
Late July a near perfect copy of The Expendables 3 leaked out onto file-sharing networks a full three weeks before the title was due to appear in theaters.
Within hours 100,000 copies had been downloaded, a figure that developed into millions in the weeks that followed. According to Nu Image, the company behind Expendables 3, more than 10 million people grabbed an illegal copy of the movie before its official August release.
Now, according to Nu Image CEO and founder Avi Lerner, that leak and subsequent box office flop has translated into serious financial implications for the company.
“Everyone wants to hide what happened on Expendables 3, especially the domestic distributors. ‘Don't talk about it!' But I'll tell you there is about $250 million in box office we lost,” Lerner says.
Describing piracy as the “worst situation that ever happened” to the industry, Lerner told HR that something big needs to be done or there won't be anything left to save.
“The whole film business is going to be the same as the music business. Within five years, we're not going to have a business,” they said.
Of course, Hollywood tried to “get something done” in 2012 by lobbying intensively for the now-defunct SOPA anti-piracy legislation. But by asking for too much, too quickly, the possibility of knock-on consequences almost universally spooked the tech sector. The result was a huge backlash and the ruination of any chance of passing not only SOPA, but any other similar variant in the near future.
Still, Lerner feels that the buck needs to stop somewhere, and in this case it should be right at the top. Barack Obama isn't doing enough, the Nu Image CEO says, and that stems from the President's fear of upsetting the Internet.
“It's sad because if we had a good president that cared about the film industry they would pass a very simple law, an anti-piracy law, but they don't want to stop it because they are scared of Google, and he's scared of all the ISPs,” Lerner says.
Google's power and money not only scares off the President but Congress too, Lerner adds. Furthermore, plenty of that revenue is coming piracy-related sources, so the company has no incentive stop it.
“Google has no interest to stop [piracy] because the more people download the movie the more traffic they get. And without traffic they don't get revenue from advertising. So they're happy there's piracy in the world,” Lerner insists.
Of course, Google has made some recent anti-piracy overtures with a fairly drastic modification of its search engine algorithms, changes that have hit torrent sites particularly hard. But while Google might have the power and the money, it is not the gatekeeper of the Internet and leaks of movies like The Expendables 3 will happen regularly, with or without the gaming of search engine results in Hollywood's favor.
In the meantime Google will keep getting blamed for other people's problems, and not even the White House will be able to do anything about that.
A man accused of shooting a stranger at a Renton movie theater told officers they were carrying an unholstered gun because they worried about mass shootings, police said.
Police say the man suspected of accidentally shooting a stranger at a Renton movie theater told them they carried a firearm because they feared mass shootings.
Dane Gallion, 29, told officers they took the gun to Regal Cinemas 14 at the Landing on Thursday night because they were “concerned about recent mass shootings in public places,” according to a police account in a probable-cause statement released Saturday.
That same anxiety prompted them to keep the gun unholstered in their waistband, the statement says.
The shooting victim, a woman who was wounded in the shoulder, was in stable condition Saturday, according to a nursing supervisor at Harborview Medical Center in Seattle.
Gallion had their first court appearance Saturday. The prosecutor said the state was considering third-degree assault charges, and requested $35,000 bail.
Gallion's attorney, David Allen, asked for $10,000 bail, arguing that Gallion, who is the son of a retired Air Force colonel, married and working toward a master's degree at the University of Washington, has “very strong ties to the community” and no criminal record.
“We'll make sure they stay at home,” Allen said. “He'll be closely monitored by their family.”
Bail was set at $25,000, and Gallion was ordered to surrender all firearms to a family member and to stay away from alcohol and controlled substances. They will have a second appearance Tuesday at the Maleng Regional Justice Center in Kent.
In an interview, Gallion's attorney said the incident had been “a terrible accident,” and there was “no intent involved.”
According to the police account, Gallion gave inconsistent descriptions of how their firearm discharged while at “13 Hours: The Secret Soldiers of Benghazi.”
Their father, Donald Gallion, had called the King County sheriff's dispatch to say their son had returned home extremely upset, claiming the gun had fallen out of their pocket and gone off, police said.
Dane Gallion later told the arresting officer that another moviegoer reached for their crotch and that's when they accidentally fired the gun, according to the probable-cause statement. Gallion said they fled the theater immediately because they didn't want to be taken for a mass shooter.
Finally, at the Renton police station, they told another officer that a man had been bothering him, but declined to go into the details, according to the statement. Gallion alleged the gun accidentally went off and scared him, prompting them to leave; they denied having handled the gun. The officer wrote in the report that they didn't notice any powder burns or injuries to Gallion.
Officers discovered a 9-mm magazine in a trash can at the theater, according to the probable-cause statement, and a single spent shell casing and an unfired bullet under a seat. The injured woman had been sitting in front of that spot.
Police said Gallion told them they had taken medicine for anxiety in the morning and that he'd had a pizza and a 22-ounce beer before the movie.
UK Surveillance Consultation Suggests It Is End-Point Security, Not Encryption, That Cameron Wants To Subvert
from the Snowden-was-right,-again dept
Britain's security services have acknowledged they have the worldwide capability to bypass the growing use of encryption by internet companies by attacking the computers themselves.
The Home Office release of the innocuously sounding "draft equipment interference code of practice" on Friday put into the public domain the rules and safeguards surrounding the use of computer hacking outside the UK by the security services for the first time.
The publication of the draft code follows David Cameron's speech last month in which they pledged to break into encryption and ensure there was no "safe space" for terrorists or serious criminals which could not be monitored online by the security services with a ministerial warrant, effectively spelling out how it might be done.
Encryption works. Properly implemented strong crypto systems are one of the few things that you can rely on. Unfortunately, endpoint security is so terrifically weak that NSA can frequently find ways around it.
"GCHQ cannot legitimise their unlawful activities simply by publishing codes of conduct with no legislative force. In particular, the use by intelligence agencies of hacking -- an incredibly invasive and intrusive form of surveillance -- cannot be snuck in by the back door through the introduction of a code of conduct that has undergone neither parliamentary nor judicial scrutiny. It is surely no mistake that this code of conduct comes only days before GCHQ is due to argue the lawfulness of its hacking activities in court."
A few weeks ago, we reported on David Cameron's apparent call to undermine all encryption in the UK. But as we noted then, it was not clear from their offhand remark what exactly they meant, or how they planned to implement the idea. A new consultation document on the legal framework of surveillance in the UK provides a clue , as spotted by The Guardian:That certainly makes sense. As Edward Snowden said during an early Q&A The new consultation document from the UK's Home Office seems to confirm that GCHQ can also find ways around it. It is one of two draft "codes of practice" for the main UK law governing surveillance , the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act 2000 (RIPA). Although it's welcome that more details about the legislative framework are being provided, the way that is being done is problematic, as Carly Nyst, legal director of Privacy International, points out in the Guardian article:It is also striking that the codes of conduct were released on the same day that the UK's secretive Investigatory Powers Tribunal ruled that British intelligence services had broken the law, but that they were now in compliance because previously unknown policies had been made public. As Nyst speculates, it could be that the UK government is releasing more details of its spying in the form of these consultation documents in an attempt to head off future losses in the courts.Whether or not that is the case, it certainly seems that the attempts by civil liberties groups to end or at least limit mass surveillance are already having an effect on the UK government, and forcing it to provide basic details of its hitherto completely-secret activities. That success is a strong incentive to continue fighting for more proportionality and meaningful oversight here.Follow me @glynmoody on Twitter or identi.ca , and +glynmoody on Google+
Filed Under: backdoors, david cameron, encryption, end point security, gchq, privacy, surveillance, uk
Tim Bray isn't as well-known as Sir Tim Berners-Lee, but the guy has had a leading role in defining the Internet. Their name tops the list of editors on the official specs for the Internet's XML language, the basic building block for all Web pages.
Bray can be entertainingly cranky, but it was off-putting today to read their blog post announcing their new job as an evangelist to software developers for Google's Android platform. They wasted only a couple of paragraphs before getting to their point: Apple sucks.
“The iPhone vision of the mobile Internet's future omits controversy, sex, and freedom, but includes strict limits on who can know what and who can say what. It's a sterile Disney-fied walled garden surrounded by sharp-toothed lawyers. The people who create the apps serve at the landlord's pleasure and fear their anger. “I hate it.”
The problem with this post is obvious: They praise the Web as “the first-ever platform without a vendor,” yet Bray has taken a job as spokesperson for Google, a vendor. The company sells the Nexus One phone that runs on the open-source Android platform they admire.
Google is also in an escalating business battle with Apple. Google and Apple's CEOs went from best buddies in August 2006 to open enemies in August 2009, demonstrating a key problem with the vendors Bray doesn't want to control the Internet. Vendors pledge to do one thing, then go against their word when the winds of cash flow change direction.
And at this point in their career, Bray also knows that whenever techies disagree with someone, they look for the money strings to discredit the other side. They probably think he's taken a lot of guff over the years as a flight attendant of the complicated XML standard, but the Apple fanboy army will now simplify things for him: He's a shill for Google.
In their first post as a Google employee, Bray brags that they get to say whatever they want on their blog. Yet they also admit the post was pre-screened by Google PR. They “didn't suggest any changes,” they write. Of course they didn't, Tim. Apple is a sterile Disney-fied walled garden blah blah lawyers is exactly what they're paying for.
[Correction: The original version of this article confused some of Tim Berners-Lee's accomplishments with Tim Bray's work. Which is sort of like when my hate-mailers confuse Slate and Salon.]
Alzheimer's disease (AD), the most common cause of dementia, is associated with sleep disturbances among 25% to 35% of individuals with the illness.1 Sleep disorders in AD result in significant caregiver distress, increased health care costs and increased rates of institutionalization.2,3
AD related sleep complaints include sleep fragmentation, increased sleep latency (time taken to go to sleep), nocturnal wandering and increased daytime sleepiness.4 Many patients with AD also experience ‘sun downing', which is confusion and agitation in the late afternoon and evening which decreases during daylight hours.5
Causes
Sleep disturbances in AD are due to multiple factors including physiologic changes related to the degenerative brain disease, physiological changes related to normal aging, primary sleep disorders(e.g. Sleep apnea, restless legs syndrome), comorbid medical and psychiatric conditions and environmental and behavioral factors (e.g. poor “sleep hygiene.”).6
Medications may also adversely affect sleep. Cognitive enhancers like donepezil, an acetylcholinesterase inhibitor, can cause nighttime agitation and nightmares.1 Atypical antipsychotics (e.g. olanzapine or risperidone) can increase daytime fatigue and somnolence.7 Anxiolytics and antidepressants can cause daytime sleepiness and increased risk for falls in older adults.8
Pharmacotherapy Treatment
A variety of medications are used in the management of sleep disorders in AD including atypical antipsychotics, benzodiazepines, non-benzodiazepine hypnotics (e.g. zolpidem, zopiclone, and zaleplon), melatonin, sedating antidepressants and antihistamines.9,10 However, to date, there is limited research on the safety and efficacy of these medications in patients with AD.
A meta-analysis by McCleery, et al reported that there were no random controlled trials of most of the medications used to treat sleep disorders in AD including benzodiazepine and non-benzodiazepine hypnotics.4 They found no evidence that melatonin or ramelton had beneficial effects on sleep disorders in moderate to severe AD. A small randomized, control trials of patients with AD treated with trazodone reported significantly longer nocturnal total sleep time and greater sleep efficiency.11
Photo: Fotero/Flickr
Even Heineken fans might not know that the lager's famous green bottle could at one time be used as a brick to build functional walls. At least, that's what Alfred “Freddy” Heineken, the grandson of the company's founder, experimented with for a short period in the 1960s before unfortunately giving up on the project.
Why make a beer bottle that doubles as a brick?
While on a trip to the Caribbean in 1960, Alfred visited the island of Curacao, off the coast of Venezuela near Aruba, and found that they couldn't walk any distance on the beach without finding their company's own green bottles discarded everywhere on the ground. They were appalled by the waste (there was no local infrastructure to refill the bottles or recycle them at the time), and the chronic shortage of building materials in poor areas of the island.
Trying to kill two birds with one stone (figuratively, of course), they commissioned renowned Dutch architect N. John Habraken to create a design for "a brick that holds beer." The seed of the Heineken WOBO (aka World Bottle) was planted...
Photo: Fotero/Flickr
It took three years to reach the final WOBO design, and after many iterations, Heineken and Habraken settled on the bottle that you see in the photos above: The World Bottles are interlocking thanks to a short neck and a similarly shaped recess in the base, and they are designed to be laid flat with rows being held together with cement mortar with an extra silicon additive. The sides have bumps to make them more stable in the mortar.
Of course, making a structure large enough for people to live in takes a lot of WOBOs. A 10-square-foot structure would require about 1,000 bottles. That's a lot of lager! But better in a wall than littering the beach, Alfred must've thought.
In 1963, Heineken produce 100,000 WOBOs in two different sizes, with the smallest one acting as a “half brick” to help bolster the structural strength of any wall made. But sadly, production stopped there and most of the bottles were destroyed. (If you have one, it might be valuable to collectors!) Only two structures built with them remain, both located on the Heineken estate in Noordwijk, near Amsterdam in the Netherlands. One is a shed, the other a garage.
Part of the reason for the end of this experiment was that WOBOs were slower and more expensive to make, requiring thicker glass, and were not as comfortable to hold as round bottles.
Photo: andy carter/Flickr
Alfred Heineken then stopped developing the concept, though other kinds of bottle walls were made (though mostly with regular bottles, and not purpose-designed ones like the WOBO). For some examples of other structures featuring bottle walls, check out Vitreosity or InspirationGreen.
Photo: loop_oh/Flickr
Related on MNN:
Heineken once made a beer bottle that doubled as a brick
Even Heineken fans might not know that the lager's famous green bottle could at one time be used as a brick to build functional walls.
Both Josh Cullen and Reece Burke completed 90 minutes on Saturday as Bolton Wanderers were held 1-1 by Millwall at the New Den.
The newly-promoted sides were both looking to bounce back after opening day defeats but were made to settle for a point in south London.
Republic of Ireland U21 international Cullen was making their second league start in as many games for the Trotters, while Burke played their first entire Championship clash for the visitors having come off the bench in a defeat to Leeds United last weekend.
For Cullen, it was an opportunity to get their revenge against the side who denied them promotion from the League One play-offs last season with Bradford City.
But Millwall took the lead just four minutes after the break courtesy of George Saville's first goal for the Lions.
It didn't take long, however, for Phil Parkinson's men to level. Substitute Filipe Morais, lining up a free-kick from 20 yards, spectacularly beat Jordan Archer in goal just after the hour mark, and the score was still level when Andy Davies blew their full time whistle.
The fixtures now come thick and fast for Bolton, who travel to Birmingham City on Tuesday before hosting Derby County next weekend.
The third and final Hammer out on loan – Reece Oxford – remains sidelined with an ankle injury, though their Borussia Monchengladbach team did record a 2-1 DFB Pokal win over Rot-Weiss Essen on Friday.
Although Martin had been a programmer at the company for several years, they were never was able to escape their second-rate status. And how could he? With two rockstar programmers at the helm, they were lucky that their brilliance didn't outshine them to a third- or even forth-rate status. Heck, they were just lucky to be in their presence.
The rockstars were known for a lot of things, and one of those things was always developing their own version of the wheel. Usually, with a rotary engine built inside. If a project called for a car, it was an okay fit. When it called for an airplane… well, they'd just build a carplane. A boat? Try a carboat. A beverage cooler? You don't even want to know.
Their latest re-invention was some sort of big-data wanna-be database. It communicated with the outside world through a WCF web-service, which also helped with some routine tasks like serialization and deserialization of data. Of course, those could also be done by consumers of their database, as it was all based on strings. One "record" would have all its values in string format, separated by some token.
Most of the time, second-rate programmers like Martin never touched the rockstars' code – they simply didn't have the necessary qualification of being awesome – but every now and then, they'd be granted the privilege. Like the one day when the rockstars left on a two week business trip and entrusted Martin with with doing a new release in their absence.
"We'll be available if the code actually needs to change," one of them reassured him, "we just need you to shepherd it through change control."
Martin didn't want to be responsible for code that they hadn't seen nor couldn't build, so they checked out both the server and the client programs from the company's Subversion repository. As they perused the rockstars' brilliance, they couldn't help but notice that the common serialization/deserialization routines lived in no less than six different places, and in each of the places they were different. And to make matters worse, none of them seemed to actually work.
"Oh I guess I didn't get a chance to put everything in subversion," a rockstar explained via email, "I've attached the latest serializer script; this should be used everywhere. Go ahead and replace it everywhere, just be careful not to change anything else."
Excited to get their account name on the same commit list that the rockstars names were on, Martin replaced the several-hundred line C# method in all six of the places it was used. And it still didn't work. Before running back to the experts for help, they thought he'd try debugging the code in question.
One thing that was particularly peculiar was the .Split('') peppered throughout the method. It just looked like an empty character – something which didn't quite exist and certainly wasn't valid C# code – and it took them a few moments to figure it out. They opened up the file in a text editor and noticed that the character between those single quotes was the unprintable, un-displayable 0x07 character, also known as BEL.
The BEL character was originally used to cause an audible beep or buzz on terminals, which apparently made it the perfect choice to use as a delimiter. Surprisingly, the entire tool-chain from Subversion to Visual Studio managed to keep this hidden character intact, but the rockstar's database couldn't quite handle it. Or perhaps the Excel file they used to originally populate it. Or really, any other of the 10,000 or so lines of mysterious storage and retrieval code.
Suffice it to say that Martin was unable to get the rockstars' release out in their absence – a fact which once again demonstrated why there are first-class and second-class programmers, and why Martin will never become one of the former.
UPDATE: Google Feedburner, our RSS feed host, apparently doesn't like BEL characters, so I removed it from the article in hopes that it will fix the broken feed.
Image copyright Reuters Image caption The collision was reported at 05:24 local time on Monday east of the Strait of Singapore
Human remains have been found in the hunt for 10 US sailors missing after their destroyer collided with a tanker near Singapore, the navy says.
The discovery came when divers were sent down to search inside the USS John S McCain, now berthed at Singapore's Changi naval base.
The collision with a Liberian-flagged ship happened before dawn on Monday as the US vessel made a routine port call.
The US has since ordered a worldwide "operational pause" of its navy fleet.
It was the fourth crash involving a US Navy ship in a year, and the second in the past two months.
The collision ripped open the port side of the US vessel, flooding parts of the ship including crew compartments.
Admiral Scott Swift, commander of the US Pacific Fleet, said divers "were able to locate some remains in those sealed compartments during their search today".
The navy was also examining whether a body found by the Malaysian navy was one of the missing sailors, they said.
Ships, equipment and aircraft from the American, Indonesian, Malaysian and Singapore navies have been involved in the search for the missing sailors.
What do we know about the collision?
The USS John S McCain was east of Singapore when the collision occurred. It was reported before dawn at 05:24 local time on Monday (21:24 GMT on Sunday).
The destroyer sustained damage to their port side, which is the left-hand side of the vessel facing forward. Five sailors were injured, four of whom were medically evacuated to a Singapore hospital.
The tanker it collided with, Alnic MC, sustained damage to a tank near the front of the ship 7m (23ft) above the waterline, but none of its crew were injured and there were no oil spills.
The Alnic MC, carrying oil from Taiwan to Singapore, is currently at the Raffles Reserved Anchorage in Singapore.
What about the 'operational pause'?
The cause of the collision is not yet known, but Navy Admiral John Richardson, the chief of naval operations, has ordered fleet commanders to stop what they are doing for a day or two over the next week to "assess and review with their commands the fundamental practice to safe and effective operations".
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption The timing of this incident is awkward for the United States
They have also ordered a more comprehensive review "to find the contributing factors and root causes of the incidents".
"My hope is that we will learn, continue to improve in the short term, validating that we are sound on the fundamentals and if not then we'll take action to correct that, and then look at broader, more systemic issues that we may find through this comprehensive review," they said in a statement.
They also said on Twitter that they would not rule out the possibility of some kind of outside interference or cyber-attack being behind the collision.
What happened in the previous collisions?
This is the fourth time in a year that a US navy vessel has been involved in an accident.
Just two months ago, seven US sailors were killed when the USS Fitzgerald collided with a container ship in Japanese waters near the port city of Yokosuka.
Those who died were found in flooded berths on board the ship after the collision caused a gash under the warship's waterline.
The US Navy said last week that about a dozen sailors would be disciplined, and the commanding officer and other senior crew would be taken off the ship.
In May, a guided missile cruiser collided with a South Korean fishing vessel, while in August last year a submarine collided with an offshore support vessel.
USS John S McCain
Named after US senator John McCain's father and grandfather, both of whom were admirals in the US Navy, it is also known by its nickname Big Bad John
Operating from the US naval base in Yokosuka in Japan, it is part of the US 7th Fleet patrolling the Pacific
Has a crew of more than 300 sailors and officers. and a full displacement of 9,000 tons
In May, it successfully passed a navy inspection for mission readiness at sea
Alnic MC
Oil and chemical transporting tanker
Built 2008, registered in Liberia
Owned by Greece based Stealth Maritime Corporation
Heading from Pyeongtaek, South Korea en route from Taiwan to Singapore
Sources: US Navy, MarineTraffic.com, AFP
Express News Service By
BENGALURU: Chief Minister Siddaramaiah met senior counsel Fali Nariman on Saturday to discuss further strategies regarding the release of Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu.
Siddaramaiah was accompanied by Water Resources M B Patil and Rural and Panchayat Raj Minister H K Patil. The Supreme Court on Friday had recommended to the Karnataka government to consider releasing water to Tamil Nadu not considering the state's appeal that they are not in a position to do so.
The state has contended in the recent days that the Cauvery basin has only 51 tmcft of water, out of which 40 tmcft is required to fulfill the drinking water needs of Bengaluru, Mysuru, Mandya and surrounding areas. The rest of the water is required for irrigation, the state government has maintained, refusing to accede to Tamil Nadu's demand for release of 50 tmcft of water to save their standing crops. The matter will come up for hearing before the Supreme Court on September 5.
Minister M B Patil said the apex court would once again be apprised of ground realities in the state. “We will give them complete details about water inflow, our requirements and all the factors that are present right now. A detailed presentation will be made by the legal team about the water flow from Kabini, Hemavathi, Harangi and KRS dams. We will also tell them about the deficit in the inflow. Our inability to release water will be explained very clearly,” they said.
While the state government is not likely to make any suggestions about sending an independent team to assess the situation, Patil was of the opinion that it was not possible to hide anything when it came to water storage. “Everything is followed on a day-to-day basis by the Central Water Commission, right from the storage levels in our dams to how much of water is stored in Mettur dam. It is transparent now. We will not suggest it, but if the court wants an independent team to assess the situation, then we will welcome it,” Patil said.
The essence of the type error is this line: "The type variable `a0' is ambiguous".
(Disclaimer: I'm trying to avoid jargon in this answer.)
To understand what's going on here, I suggest floating the binding and query bindings to the top-level. They successfully typecheck if you then comment out the bind. GHC infers the following types.
*Orexio.Radix> :i query query :: Data a => JSValue -> Result a *Orexio.Radix> :i binding binding :: (Data (Representation a), Endpoint a, Resource a) => Result a -> Either String JSValue
Your error is essentially caused by the expression \x -> binding (query x) in the definition of bind . Notice that the type variable a appears only in the domain of binding and the range of queries . Thus, when you compose them, two things happen.
The type variable is not determined; its "value" remains unknown. The type variable is not reachable from the type of the composition. For our informal purposes, that type is JSValue -> Either String JSValue .
GHC raises the error because the type variable was not determined during the composition (ie 1) and it can never be determined in the future (a consequence of 2).
The general shape of this problem in Haskell is more commonly known as the " show - read problem"; search for "ambiguous" on Chapter 6 of Real World Haskell. (Some might also call it "too much polymorphism".)
As you and Sjoerd have determined (and the RWH chapter explains), you can fix this type error by ascribing a type to the result of query before applying binding . Without knowing your semantics, I assume that you intend this "hidden" type variable a to be the same as the argument to the Binding type constructor. So the following would work.
bind :: forall b. (Data b, Resource b, Endpoint b, Data (Representation b)) => Binding b bind = Binding (\x -> binding $ (query x :: Result b))
This ascription eliminates the type variable a by replacing it entirely with Result b . Note that unlike a is acceptable for b to remain undetermined, since it's reachable in the top-level type; uses of bind may each determine b .
That first solution requires giving bind an explicit signature — which can sometimes be quite onerous. In this case, due to the monomorphism restriction, you probably already need that type signature. However, if bind took an argument (but still exhibited this ambiguous type variable error), you could still rely on type inference by using a solution like the following.
dummy_ResultType :: Binding a -> Result a dummy_ResultType = error "dummy_ResultType" bind () = result where result = Binding (\x -> binding $ (query x `asTypeOf` dummy)) dummy = dummy_ResultType result
(If the use of error worries you, cf the Proxy type.)
Or trade some idiomaticness for directness:
withArgTypeOf :: f x -> g x -> f x withArgTypeOf x _ = x bind () = result where result = Binding (\x -> binding (query x `withArgTypeOf` result))
Now inference works.
*Orexio.Radix> :i bind bind :: (Data (Representation a), Data a, Endpoint a, Resource a) => () -> Binding a
Rest assured that GHC quickly determines after typechecking that the definition is not actually recursive.
HTH.
The cause of death of the Ministry official has not been established yet.
It was the ex-wife of the senior adviser of Foreign Ministry CIS Affairs Department who found their body in an apartment on Zoologichesky Lane downtown Moscow. According to the examination results, the corpse had been there for several days. We also know that the day before Andrey Nedosekin's death they had been dismissed from the Foreign Ministry.
As our readers may remember, a little more than a month ago, another Foreign Ministry high-ranking official had shot and killed their wife and daughter in Moscow before committing suicide.
We know that when the tragedy occurred on May 15, the deputy head of the Asian and Pacific department no longer lived with their wife, but met with them for some reason in their apartment located on Leninsky Prospekt, where a lot of Foreign Affairs officials live. It is yet to be found out what had triggered the incident, but at some point they took out a gun and fired at the woman's face, and at the back of the five-year-old girl, when they tried to escape. After that, the man committed suicide.
Another tragic incident involving a diplomat occurred in December 2016. Former head of Foreign Ministry Latin America department Petr Polshchikov, 56, was killed in their house on Moscow's Balaklavsky Avenue. There was a gun and some cartridges next to their body. According to the police, the man did not work anywhere after leaving the Foreign Ministry. Their wife was suspected in the murder since they were in the apartment at the time. However, there has been no official confirmation of this information.
Of course, this might seem like an exaggeration on the part of Hawking, and becoming a Venus 2.0 may well be an extreme. Nevertheless, the effects of global warming and climate change are real and shouldn't be ignored. “By denying the evidence for climate change, and pulling out of the Paris Climate Agreement, Donald Trump will cause avoidable environmental damage to our beautiful planet, endangering the natural world, for us and our children,” Hawking added.
“We are close to the tipping point where global warming becomes irreversible,” the celebrated scientist told Pallab Ghosh from the BBC . The consequences, they explained, would be truly dire for the planet. “Trump's action could push the Earth over the brink, to become like Venus, with a temperature of two hundred and fifty degrees, and raining sulphuric acid.”
Famous physicist Stephen Hawking issued a warning to humanity in response to President Donald Trump's recent decision to withdraw the United States from the Paris Climate Agreement. Speaking to BBC News prior to a cosmology conference being held at the University of Cambridge this week in honor of their 75 th birthday, Hawking said that Trump's decision could cause irrevocable harm to the planet.
Facing the Problem
While the U.S. has indeed exited the Paris accord, several states have chosen to act independently to uphold the historic agreement's commitment to fighting climate change. Three states have already formed an alliance, while Hawaii put a law into effect that formalizes its efforts to uphold the Paris Climate Agreement. A number of industry leaders and innovators have pledged to uphold the mission of the accord, even in the absence of support from the federal government.
As governments the world over debate on the politics of climate change and global warming, the planet continues to endure its effects. The polar caps are still melting, even in spite of periodic freezing and refreezing. Simply put, there's just less and less ice left with each year that passes. Several areas are also in danger of sinking, like the Isle de Jean Charles in Louisiana. Elsewhere in the U.S., a new study said that climate change will hit Florida, Arizona, Texas, and the states of the Deep South particularly hard, with not just longterm environmental, but economic, ramifications.
Hawking previously predicted that humanity's days on Earth are numbered — down by about a hundred years, to be exact. At that time, Hawking posited, we'd have no choice but to flee to another planet. It's a point they reiterated in the BBC exclusive. “I fear evolution has inbuilt greed and aggression to the human genome,” Hawking said. “There is no sign of conflict lessening, and the development of militarized technology and weapons of mass destruction could make that disastrous. The best hope for the survival of the human race might be independent colonies in space.”
Whether or not we leave Earth for good eventually, the ongoing climate problem is one we have to deal with for as long as we remain here. As Hawking noted, “Climate change is one of the great dangers we face, and it's one we can prevent if we act now.”
Social messaging service WhatsApp is being threatened by a nationwide ban in Brazil as a judge in the country has ruled for a temporary ban on the service. Judge Luiz de Moura Correia ordered the suspension after the messaging service declined to help in an investigation concerning the sharing of sexually explicit images of child pornography shared within the app.
Although the judge hasn't officially disclosed their reasoning behind the ruling; the case is currently ongoing, a press officer at the Piaui state's Public Safety Department has revealed the details about how the case is related to child pornography. Judge Correia reportedly ordered WhatsApp to hand over the information that might help in the legal investigation. However, the company refused to do so as it uses end-to-end encryption techniques which means that it's practically impossible for it to simply hand over the required information.
Despite the ruling of the ban being sent out to cellphone operators in the country, WhatsApp continues to work as its lawyers have appealed against the judge's decision, which subsequently means that the company has temporarily escaped the decision.
On the other hand, SindiTelebrasil, the organization which represents Brazilian cellphone operators has issued a statement stating the ruling as "extreme and disproportionate".
Thousands of users have started jumping ship already as one of WhatsApp's competitors, Telegram tweeted:
2,5 million new Brazilian users today so far. Some users in the region may have issues with photos, but most problems should be gone by now. — Telegram Messenger (@telegram) February 26, 2015
WhatsApp has quickly risen to what is being known as the most popular social messaging service in the world. After surpassing 600 million worldwide users last August, the company was acquired by Facebook for a whopping $19 billion and has improved greatly since then. Just a few weeks ago, the company also launched a web-based version of its service.
Source: O Globo via Softpedia
Climate change to blame for billions of dollars of hurricane damage in US
Tracks of all Atlantic tropical cyclones from 1851-2005
Climate change plays a bigger part than thought in the rising economic cost of hurricanes in the USA, according to a new international study.
Professor Richard Tol, Professor of Economics at the University of Sussex, worked with colleagues in Amsterdam and Mexico City to reanalyse data on US hurricanes between 1900 and 2005.
In a study published online in Nature Geoscience, they concluded that previous reports have overestimated the impact of socioeconomic factors - such as increases in wealth and population in coastal regions that are vulnerable to hurricanes – and have downplayed the role of global warming.
The authors estimate that US$2–14 billion of US hurricane losses incurred in 2005 alone may be attributable to climate change.
Professor Tol said "Statistical analysis is not the strongest skill among climate researchers. Sometimes this leads to an exaggeration of climate change and its impacts.
“Here, however, it appears that previous analyses, recently summarized in the Fifth Assessment Report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, have exaggerated the impact of population and economic growth on hurricane damages. Re-analysing the data, we find that there is a residual trend that looks remarkably like the trend in temperature.”
Economic losses from natural disasters, and in particular hurricanes, have risen over the past decades. However, whether these increases are caused by socioeconomic factors or by an increase in extreme weather events has been contentious.
Using a statistical approach that minimised the risk of introducing artificial trends, the authors found that part of the trend cannot be explained by commonly used socioeconomic factors, but is consistent with an increase in the number and intensity of loss-generating cyclones that hit the US, possibly as a result of global warming.
Galapagos Islands, Ecuador- Cold water, high currents and low visibility aren't a combination of surroundings that travel magazines frequently boast about. In the Galapagos, however, the conditions translate into high productivity, big ocean critters and life found nowhere else in the world with the added bonus of existing in the shadow of Darwin's greatest discovery. It is for these reasons that biologist, diver, and underwater photographer Jeff Milisen jumped at the opportunity to spend 10 days exploring this unique archipelago.
The Birthplace of the Theory of Evolution
Nearly every basic biological principle is somehow rooted in the theory of natural selection. In 1835, Charles Darwin arrived at the isolated Galapagos Islands on their historic voyage aboard the HMS Beagle. The isolation experienced by the founding species to these volcanic islands expedited evolution to create a menagerie of new, endemic life forms. Darwin was so impressed by the diversity of terrestrial life contained therein, that they were inspired to write “On the Origin of Species” and introduced the world to the theory of evolution. One hundred and eighty years later, the Galapagos is a celebrated national park, marine reserve, UNESCO World Heritage site, and stands as a flagship for conservation success stories.
Thousands of years ago, cormorants flew to the Galapagos from the mainland of South America. The rich abundance of food and a complete lack of predators meant that flight was no longer a necessity, so the wings shriveled and the birds were grounded. This is now the only species of flightless cormorant in the world.
Species Found Nowhere Else
The unique wildlife continues well past the shorelines. The isolation has not only provided the right conditions for many of the fish and aquatic life to evolve in strange ways, many land animals have also adapted to a life back in the sea. Cormorants that once arrived in the skies have since lost the ability to fly. Marine iguanas scour the subtidal rocks for their favorite algae. The Galapagos even hosts its own species of penguin.
Israel continues to express bitter sentiment over the diplomatic victory that secured the nuclear accord with Tehran: The country's defense minister stated that Tehran's nuclear ambitions and “terror infrastructure” are a bigger threat than Islamic State.
Speaking at the Institute for National Security Studies' (INSS) conference in Tel Aviv, Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon stressed that "Iran is our main enemy,” and if they were to choose between Iran and Islamic State (IS, formerly ISIS/ISIL) in an open conflict, they would "prefer ISIS."
The logic seems simple, as IS will be eventually be defeated, while Iran continues to pose a threat with its new rapprochement with the West.
.@bogie_yaalon: Iranian terror infrastructure today is located on five continents #inss2016 — INSS (@INSSIsrael) January 19, 2016
“[Tehran] is a rogue regime with designs on a regional hegemony. Hezbollah is Iran's proxy, with the ability to declare war. Iran currently has terror infrastructure in place in five continents: Asia, Africa, Europe and both in South and North America," Ya'alon explained, refuting IDF's chief's claims at the conference that new opportunities could arise as a result of the nuclear agreement reached in July 2015 between Iran and a group of world powers, the P5+1.
שר הביטחון @bogie_yaalon: "איראן פועלת בשנתיים האחרונות לפתוח חזית בגולן מאזור שנשלט ע"י המשטר הסורי בלבד" pic.twitter.com/10U5cYyUIk — INSS (@INSSIsrael) January 19, 2016
The historical agreement was hammered out after more than a decade of intense diplomatic bargaining. At the end, the agreement placed strict limits on Iran's nuclear ambitions in exchange for the lifting of western sanctions.
READ MORE: ISIS may ‘turn guns' against Israel, Jordan amid failures in Syria – IDF chief
Iran agreed to a 15-year moratorium on enriching uranium beyond 3.67 percent. The enrichment would be conducted only at the Natanz facility, while the Fordo facility would not conduct any enrichment activities or store fissile material. Iran also agreed to store no more than 300 kg of low-enriched uranium. The Arak reactor would not be used to produce plutonium under the deal. The spent fuel would be handled by international mediators.
Yet despite a clear diplomatic victory, Ya'alon claimed on Tuesday that the nuclear agreement only "pushed back the clock from three months to one year” and that “if Iran feels economically secure, it can break out and produce a bomb even faster."
Iran, they claimed is becoming a key player in the region as the country supports Damascus against a large insurgency. Ya'alon says that Iran is a key source of instability in Afghanistan, Iraq, Syria, Yemen, Bahrain, and Gaza.
While acknowledging Russia's role in Syria, the defense minister praised American-led achievements in making ISIS “suffer serious defeats in Iraq and Syria."
“We believe ISIS will be eventually defeated territoriality after the blows it has been suffering, and in light of the attacks on its oil reserves,” Ya'alon said.
But a final victory over IS will only come if world powers support a ground offensive by focusing to “strengthen local forces with 'boots on the ground,' like the Kurds are doing," they added.
OLYMPIA – Gov. Jay Inslee issued a statement today on the Drug Enforcement Agency's decision today not to reschedule marijuana in its listing of illegal substances under the federal Controlled Substances Act.
“I am disappointed that we don't have a national standard for at least medical marijuana. Regardless, following the will of Washington state voters, we will continue to maintain a well-regulated adult-use marijuana system and continue to allow patients to have access for necessary medicinal purposes.
"A portion of revenues from the marijuana sales in our state goes toward treatment and youth prevention.
"I appreciate the DEA's focus on youth prevention and for allowing more testing centers which will provide more medical research for more informed national policy decisions.
"As states continue to legalize medical and recreational marijuana, there is more that the federal government must do to provide states with legal certainty and empower the operation of safe systems across the country.”
Perhaps the real question is: Did an Osaka station attendant miss their true calling?
We've seen some amazing displays of public art in Japan, including at train stations. In fact, one of the most recent of these installments, found at Nishi-Umeda Station in Osaka, is said to be so amazing that it's attracting people to the station just to take a look at the art itself.
Japanese Twitter user @soichih0213 shared a photo of the rumored display which went viral soon after. The art features an impressive rendition of a train arriving at a platform, but upon closer inspection, it's apparent that the picture is actually composed of thousands of tiny objects painstakingly arranged to create a composite image.
Can you identify what these minuscule objects are before enlarging the photos below?
That's right–the composite is composed of thousands of punched-out train ticket holes! According to the informational posters beside the picture, one station attendant created the image by arranging both the front (light) and back (dark) sides of the ticket holes using tweezers. This labor of love apparently took 300 hours to complete and utilized 153,600 ticket holes. A single artist's comment accompanies the work:
“I'll never do this again.”
We'd be extremely inclined to take their word for it if not for the fact that a second similarly constructed composite image can be found not far from the first which makes use of an even more astounding 174,720 ticket holes:
The artist's comment this time? “Oops, I did it again…”
Source/Featured image: Twitter/@soichih0213
Copyright by WRBL - All rights reserved
Associated Press - SALEM, Ore. (AP) — Oregon has become the first state in the U.S. to allow residents who don't identify as male or female to mark their gender as "not specified" when they apply for a driver's license, learner's permit or identity card.
The rule went into effect Monday. It comes after the mayor of Washington, D.C., said the district was the first jurisdiction to offer the option late last month.
Oregon's Driver and Motor Vehicle Services said the new rule emerged after a judge last year allowed a Portland resident to legally change to "non-binary" gender.
The DMV said it studied state laws, updated computer systems, worked with law enforcement and the courts, and changed administrative rules to comply with the court order.
California lawmakers also are considering adding a third gender option on state IDs.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
Smoke, meet gun.
On Tuesday morning, there was a stunning development in the Trump-Russia scandal: Donald Trump Jr. confessed. In yet another bombshell story, the New York Times reported on emails showing that the president's oldest son had eagerly accepted an offer of help during the 2016 campaign from what they understood to be the Russian government. Trump Jr., the Times disclosed, had set up a meeting with a Russian attorney in the hopes of receiving derogatory information on Hillary Clinton straight from Putin's regime. As the Times was publishing this story, Trump Jr. tweeted out those same emails.
The emails reveal that top Trump campaign advisers Paul Manafort and Jared Kushner attended the meeting and suggest that all three Trump advisers colluded in what seemed to be a Russian government-backed attempt to hurt Clinton in order to help Trump win the presidency. This new development contradicts the long series of denials from Trump defenders who have claimed that there was no collusion, that there was no evidence Russian leader Vladimir Putin wanted Trump to win, and that the Trump-Russia affair is merely a hoax perpetuated by loser Democrats and fake news outlets.
The Trump Jr. emails also provide partial support for some information within the Steele dossier.
The Steele memos, which Mother Jones first reported on a week before Election Day, were compiled during the campaign by a former British intelligence officer named Christopher David Steele, who was hired by a Washington, DC, research firm retained to unearth information on Trump. The documents contained troubling allegations about Trump and their connections to Russia and relayed unverified salacious information about the candidate. The first memo, dated June 20 and based on the former intelligence officer's conversations with Russian sources, stated, “Russian regime has been cultivating, supporting and assisting TRUMP for at least 5 years. Aim, endorsed by PUTIN, has been to encourage splits and divisions in western alliance.” It asserted that Russian intelligence had “compromised” Trump during their visits to Moscow and could “blackmail him.”
Steele made the memos available to the FBI during the campaign, and the bureau investigated some of the information they contained.
The memos made headlines after the election, when CNN reported that Trump, as president-elect, and President Barack Obama had been told about their contents during briefings on the intelligence community's assessment that Putin had mounted a covert operation during the campaign to hack Democratic targets and disseminate stolen emails in order to benefit Trump.
Trump and their supporters have denounced the Steele memos as unsubstantiated trash, with some Trump backers concocting various conspiracy theories about them. Indeed, key pieces of the information within the memos have been challenged. But the memos were meant to be working documents produced by Steele—full of investigative leads and tips to follow—not finished reports, vetted and confirmed.
One interesting element of the Donald Trump Jr. emails now in the news is that they track with parts of the Steele memos.
In that first memo, dated June 20, Steele wrote that Trump “and their inner circle have accepted a regular flow of intelligence from the Kremlin, including on their Democratic and other political rivals.” The Trump Jr. email chain began on June 3, 2016. This was shortly after Trump had secured the Republican presidential nomination. It was that day that Rob Goldstone, a talent manager for a middling pop-star named Emin Agaralov, contacted Trump Jr. and said Emin's father, Aras Agalarov, a Putin-friendly billionaire developer, had met with the “crown prosecutor of Russia,” who offered to provide the Trump campaign with negative information on Clinton. The Agalarovs and Goldstone had a close relationship to the Trumps, because they all had worked together in 2013 to bring the Miss Universe pageant, which Trump owned at the time, to Moscow. (Part of the deal was that Emin would get to perform two songs.) Following that event, both Trumps worked with both Agalarovs to develop a major project in Moscow. (It never happened.)
This email from Goldstone to Trump Jr. led to a meeting six days later, where a Kremlin-connected Russian attorney spoke to Trump Jr., Kushner, and Manafort about negative information on Clinton. In a statement, Trump Jr. says that what they offered was vague and meaningless, suggesting there was nothing to it. (But Trump Jr. has dissembled repeatedly about this meeting.)
Let's turn to Steele's June 20 memo. It stated:
Source A confided that the Kremlin had been feeding TRUMP and their team valuable intelligence on their opponents, including Democratic presidential candidate Hillary CLINTON, for several years…This was confirmed by Source D, a close associate of TRUMP who had organized and managed their recent trips to Moscow, and who reported, also in June 2016, that this Russian intelligence had been “very helpful”.
The memo also reported that there was anti-Clinton information that Putin was sitting on:
A dossier of compromising material on Hillary CLINTON has been collated by the Russian intelligence services over many years and mainly comprises bugged conversations they had on various visits to Russia and intercepted phone calls rather than any embarrassing conduct. The dossier is controlled by Kremlin spokesperson, PESKOV, directly on PUTIN's orders. However it has not as yet been distributed abroad, including to TRUMP. Russian intentions for its deployment still unclear.
There has been no confirmation that Putin steadily fed information to Trump's camp or that a Kremlin-controlled anti-Clinton dossier existed. But one of Steele's overarching points in this memo was that Putin's regime was funneling derogatory Clinton material to Trump. The Trump Jr. emails suggest that the Russian government was aiming to do that and that the Trump campaign was willing and eager to receive assistance from Putin. So Donald Trump Jr. has done what Steele could not: produce evidence that the Trump campaign was—or wanted to be—in cahoots with a foreign adversary to win the White House.
The United States remains far ahead of all governments who request user information from Google, according to the company's latest Transparency Report (July through December 2012) which was released on Wednesday.
American government agencies (including federal, state, and local authorities) made over 8,400 requests for nearly 15,000 accounts—far exceeding India, the next largest country in terms of information requests. In 88 percent of those queries, Google complied with at least some, if not all, of the requests.
For the first time, the search giant is also breaking down the type of legal requests that were made.
Google said that 22 percent of those requests were made under probable cause driven search warrants delivered via the Electronic Communications Privacy Act (ECPA). Authorities have also been known to request information using ECPA subpoenas, which are much easier to obtain. It's unclear how many of the subpoenas or warrants Google complied with—the company has only said it complied in part or in full to 88 percent of total requests from American authorities.
"In order to compel us to produce content in Gmail we require an ECPA search warrant," said Chris Gaither, Google spokesperson. "If they come for registration information, that's one thing, but if they ask for content of e-mail, that's another thing."
While relatively few tech companies publicly disclose how many government requests they get, Google appears to be one of the few e-mail providers that is challenging law enforcement agencies to produce a warrant to access users' e-mail.
Beyond Google's own convictions, the company can also take some comfort in the fact that in 2010 the Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled that the Fourth Amendment protecting unreasonable searches and seizures also protects e-mail, even if it's over 180 days old, despite what ECPA says.
An out-of-date law
Currently, law enforcement agencies have a fairly wide latitude when it comes to accessing users' e-mail. That harsh reality was illustrated most clearly by the General David Petraeus sex scandal, in which intimate e-mails were revealed despite the lack of any criminal action.
As Ars' own Tim Lee wrote in November, “ECPA requires a warrant to obtain freshly sent e-mail before it's been opened by the recipient. But once an e-mail has been opened, or once it has been sitting in the recipient's e-mail box for 180 days, a lower standard applies. These rules simply don't line up with the way modern e-mail systems work.”
The United States Senate took up ECPA reform last year, but that effort seems to have fallen by the wayside. Still though, because there hasn't yet been a ruling by the Supreme Court as to what standard applies, Google is clearly pushing for an interpretation that would protect users' privacy further.
Former Rep. Bob Barr (R-GA), wrote about ECPA in a letter to members of the Senate Judiciary Committee in September 2012: "[It] has created uncertainty the Leahy amendment [one of the proposed revisions] would replace with clarity: law enforcement officers would no longer wonder whether they should seek communications content without a warrant, or whether the warrant requirement applies in one jurisdiction but not another."
"This clarity will help ensure that seized evidence will not be suppressed at the end of the prosecution, thereby allowing a guilty party to escape punishment," Barr wrote.
It's almost refreshing, in this age of Instagram street food accounts, to find folks doing it the old school way: Pull up, open a table, maybe drop a small sign letting folks know what you've got for the night, and get down to business. Cash only, under the lights, in a parking lot. That's how Dave's Hot Chicken does it, and you're really going to want to see for yourself.
Forget gaudy #foodporn shots of in-the-know smoked meats or platters of overloaded fries. Dave's does one thing: Nashville style hot chicken, the current trend king taking over America. If you haven't already heard just how popular the stuff has become here in Los Angeles, ask anyone who's waited in a Howlin' Ray's line on a Sunday.
At Dave's, things are pared down to the barest essentials. There's the sleeve of dentist-commercial-bright white bread, the proprietary blend of powdery coating for the breaded bird, some kale coleslaw (this is still Los Angeles, folks), a couple of fryers, and a container full of sweet tea. Oh, and they have fries, both curly and straight. But come on, everybody loves curly fries.
The whole package looks like this: Two chicken tenders, done to your choice of two currently available heat levels, Mild or Hot. Neither is particularly fire-inducing, though with the right bite the hot side could get you feeling like you've landed somewhere in the middle at a place like Hotville Chicken. You can get them both at one heat level or mix and match as needed, but regardless your finished bird is tucked into its own little nestled slice of bread, like a modern Southern taco, done right on the street like always. Add the fries and the slaw and some tea and a seat (if you can find one) and you're in business.
This is street food-meets-trend food, reworked to fit the needs of the sidewalk
If the hot chicken hordes have made it this far, then let it be said: Yes, Dave's Hot Chicken is not going bone-in bird right now. They may in the future, maybe not. They don't do wings, or any of the other stuff you might associate with a ‘truer' Nashville-style hot chicken experience, and that's by design. This is a small operation, less than a week old, operating under cover of night in a Thai Town parking lot. The guys running the show — Arman Oganesyan, Tommy Rubenyan, and the namesake David Kopushyan — collectively have some kitchen experience at places like Elf Cafe and elsewhere, but with two non-commercial fryers the load that whole birds would put on the process is just too much.
Also chicken tenders are delicious on their own, and made even more so by a heavy handed heat approach from a late night cash-only stand. This is street food-meets-trend food, reworked to fit the needs of the sidewalk. You really do just stand up, grab your folded white bread and hot chicken tender like a taco, and go to town. It's almost reflexive movement, and perfectly suited for the underground needs of Dave's Hot Chicken.
Right now, Dave's Hot Chicken is a mere five or six days old. They're already running up some follows on social media and have been pressing the Yelp angle hard, but it's important to remember when you go see them (and you're going to want to see them) to be patient. Just like another East Hollywood newcomer to the scene, Burgers Never Say Die, there are kinks to work out and flows to manage, but with a little luck and enough hot chicken, the Dave's team says they want to learn their way into a food truck or, hopefully, brick and mortar. In the meantime, it's all about the streets.
So where can you find the crew slinging their $10 plates? Right in Thai Town, on Hollywood Boulevard steps from Tabula Rasa and the new Friends & Family. They aren't trying to hide behind an Instagram account either: Do it like you always have, just follow the string lights and smells any night between 9 p.m. and 1 a.m. And if you aren't sure what to order, look to the tiny sign advertising just one thing: Nashville-style hot chicken tenders, curly fries, and glory.
Dave's Hot Chicken
5115 Hollywood Blvd.
Los Angeles, CA
LA's New Secret Burger Could Become a Street Food Obsession [ELA]
Image caption Bed bugs have a number of biological tricks that are helping them to avoid being killed off by insecticides
Bed bugs use a range of tactics to render insecticides useless, a study suggests.
Infestations are on the rise around the world, but the pests are growing resistant to some chemicals.
Now scientists have found 14 genes associated with a number of biological changes.
These include the development of a thicker skin that stops poisons from penetrating, and mutations that prevent toxins from hitting the nervous system.
Bed bugs are employing more than one mechanism of resistance to avoid insecticide toxicity Prof Subba Palli, University of Kentucky
The study, published in the journal Scientific Reports, also suggests that some of the bugs are producing higher levels of enzymes that help to metabolise insecticides more quickly.
Others genes are associated with proteins that interfere with the way the deadly chemicals are carried around the bed bugs' bodies.
Subba Palli, professor entomology from the University of Kentucky in the US and an author of the study, said that the hardy insects were using a combination of these molecular tricks.
"Some used four different mechanisms, some three and so on," they explained.
"Bed bugs are employing more than one mechanism of resistance to avoid insecticide toxicity."
Nature's survivors
Bed bugs are present all over the globe, but in recent years Europe, the US, Canada and Australia have seen a huge influx of them.
The insects feast on the blood of their sleeping victims, leaving itchy, red welts as a calling card.
Image caption Tucking themselves away, bed bugs can survive without a meal for more than a year
They are one of the toughest pests to get rid of. Vacating your bed - or even home - will not help, as the insects can survive for months without food, hiding away until their meal returns.
Direct exposure to insecticides - the most widely used are synthetic organic compounds called pyrethroids - was once an effective way to kill off the pests. But not any more.
Prof Palli said that the bed bugs had developed a number of biological systems to avoid death by poison.
Studying 21 populations of insects, which had been collected from infested apartments close to the university, the team discovered that the genes associated with resistance to pyrethroids were located in the bed bugs' tough outer shell.
"We are hypothesising that having these genes expressed in the epidermis will provide a first line of defence as insecticides penetrate the skin," they explained.
The team said that the findings could help scientists to develop new, more effective chemicals.
These could bypass the bed bugs' molecular armoury or work by interfering with the genes associated with insecticide resistance.
But until these are created, exterminators are having to resort to other means to beat the bugs.
Prof Palli explained: "In places like India, they are not treated as huge problem pests... People drag their furniture out into the Sun... and the bugs will crawl out and die from the heat."
Now in the US, they explained, exterminators are employing similar tactics when confronted with the worst infestations.
"The best option now is to heat the place up to 90-100F (30-35C) so that the bugs will come out and die," they explained.
"They take all of the furniture out, and they heat up the house. That seems to be the way to exterminate them if the infestation is bad."
05-05-2016 (DATAMINED) NEW STRINGS (BLACK OPS III) a guest May 5th, 2016 9,425 Never a guest9,425Never
Not a member of Pastebin yet? Sign Up , it unlocks many cool features!
rawdownloadcloneembedreportprint text 2.76 KB By /u/VoiD_Glitch| -----------------| FFAR WEAPON_AR_FAMAS Full-auto assault rifle. Highest fire rate in class, at the cost of reduced accuracy. WEAPON_AR_FAMAS_DESC L4 Siege WEAPON_LAUNCHER_MULTI Semi auto free-fire or lock-on rocket launcher. Fires smaller rockets that deal reduced damage. WEAPON_LAUNCHER_MULTI_DESC Slash N' Burn WEAPON_MELEE_FIREAXE 2-handed lethal melee weapon. Rescue teammates from peril by extinguishing foes with this trusted tool. WEAPON_MELEE_FIREAXE_DESC Skull Splitter WEAPON_MELEE_MACE 2-handed lethal melee weapon. Forged ages ago for one purpose, the power of this mace cannot be undone. WEAPON_MELEE_MACE_DESC -- CONTRACTS MPUI_BM_CONTRACTS CHALLENGES MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_CHALLENGES DAILY MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_DAILY SPECIAL MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_SPECIAL SPECIAL CONTRACTS MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_SPECIAL_CONTRACTS Win &&1 games from the time this contract was issued. No time limit. MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_SPECIAL_DESC - 1 Weapon Bribe (Guaranteed Weapon) - Bundle of 10 Rare Supply Drops MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_SPECIAL_REWARD_DESC Total Victory MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_TOTAL_VICTORY WEEKLY MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_WEEKLY x10 Supply Drop Bundle MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_AAR_BUNDLE Black Market Reward MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_AAR_REWARD MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_AAR_WEAPON_BRIBE Rare Supply Drop Bundle. Each Supply Drop has a guaranteed Rare item with increased chance of Legendary and Epic. Includes Bonus Keys. MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_BUNDLE_REMAINING Bundle MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_BUNDLE_TITLE Your rewards are being processed. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please check back later. MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_ERROR_DESC Processing Rewards MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_ERROR_TITLE Congratulations, you have earned Black Market rewards for entering Prestige Master! Rewards: 1 Weapon Bribe that guarantees that you receive at least 1 weapon. 10 pack Rare Supply Drop Bundles. MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_MASTERREWARD_DESC Prestige Master Rewards! MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_MASTERREWARD_TITLE - MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_QUANTITY As a token of our appreciation, you have the following bonus items waiting in the Black Market and Dr. Monty's Factory. Black Market Bonus items include: 1 Weapon Bribe - A Supply Drop that guarantees a ranged or melee weapon Supply Drop Bundle - 10 Rare Supply Drops Dr. Monty's Bonus items include: Liquid Divinium - 10 Vials of Liquid Divinium Thank you for being a Season Pass owner! MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_SEASONPASS_DESC Season Pass Bonus! MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_SEASONPASS_TITLE Weapon Bribe. Guarantees that at least 1 item will be a Weapon. Includes Bonus Keys. MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_WEAPONBRIBE_REMAINING MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_WEAPONBRIBE_TITLE Guaranteed Weapon or Specialist item.
RAW Paste Data
By /u/VoiD_Glitch| -----------------| FFAR WEAPON_AR_FAMAS Full-auto assault rifle. Highest fire rate in class, at the cost of reduced accuracy. WEAPON_AR_FAMAS_DESC L4 Siege WEAPON_LAUNCHER_MULTI Semi auto free-fire or lock-on rocket launcher. Fires smaller rockets that deal reduced damage. WEAPON_LAUNCHER_MULTI_DESC Slash N' Burn WEAPON_MELEE_FIREAXE 2-handed lethal melee weapon. Rescue teammates from peril by extinguishing foes with this trusted tool. WEAPON_MELEE_FIREAXE_DESC Skull Splitter WEAPON_MELEE_MACE 2-handed lethal melee weapon. Forged ages ago for one purpose, the power of this mace cannot be undone. WEAPON_MELEE_MACE_DESC -- CONTRACTS MPUI_BM_CONTRACTS CHALLENGES MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_CHALLENGES DAILY MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_DAILY SPECIAL MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_SPECIAL SPECIAL CONTRACTS MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_SPECIAL_CONTRACTS Win &&1 games from the time this contract was issued. No time limit. MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_SPECIAL_DESC - 1 Weapon Bribe (Guaranteed Weapon) - Bundle of 10 Rare Supply Drops MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_SPECIAL_REWARD_DESC Total Victory MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_TOTAL_VICTORY WEEKLY MPUI_BM_CONTRACT_WEEKLY x10 Supply Drop Bundle MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_AAR_BUNDLE Black Market Reward MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_AAR_REWARD MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_AAR_WEAPON_BRIBE Rare Supply Drop Bundle. Each Supply Drop has a guaranteed Rare item with increased chance of Legendary and Epic. Includes Bonus Keys. MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_BUNDLE_REMAINING Bundle MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_BUNDLE_TITLE Your rewards are being processed. We apologize for any inconvenience. Please check back later. MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_ERROR_DESC Processing Rewards MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_ERROR_TITLE Congratulations, you have earned Black Market rewards for entering Prestige Master! Rewards: 1 Weapon Bribe that guarantees that you receive at least 1 weapon. 10 pack Rare Supply Drop Bundles. MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_MASTERREWARD_DESC Prestige Master Rewards! MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_MASTERREWARD_TITLE - MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_QUANTITY As a token of our appreciation, you have the following bonus items waiting in the Black Market and Dr. Monty's Factory. Black Market Bonus items include: 1 Weapon Bribe - A Supply Drop that guarantees a ranged or melee weapon Supply Drop Bundle - 10 Rare Supply Drops Dr. Monty's Bonus items include: Liquid Divinium - 10 Vials of Liquid Divinium Thank you for being a Season Pass owner! MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_SEASONPASS_DESC Season Pass Bonus! MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_SEASONPASS_TITLE Weapon Bribe. Guarantees that at least 1 item will be a Weapon. Includes Bonus Keys. MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_WEAPONBRIBE_REMAINING MPUI_BM_INCENTIVE_WEAPONBRIBE_TITLE Guaranteed Weapon or Specialist item.
Apple has a new plan for its most recent music business initiative, hoping to undercut Spotify and other rivals by making its own Beats Music streaming subscription more affordable for users. Re/code has found out that Apple is already negotiating with music labels to cut its costs for streaming music licenses.
FROM EARLIER: Bono wants to help Apple reach 1 billion iTunes subscribers
Apple apparently believes that $10 is too expensive a monthly expenditure for users interested in music streaming subscriptions, and wants to offer them a cheaper Beats Music subscription in the future. The company would also like to bring some new features to Beats Music, in addition to a new set of rights. However, it's not known at this time how much Apple would like to charge for its music subscription service, or what new features are in the works.
U2's Bono recently revealed he's working closely with Apple on a new, better way for users to enjoy iTunes music, suggesting that Beats Music might be a very big deal for the company and revealing that they plan to help Apple reach 1 billion iTunes customers.
“[One billion users is] 1/7 of the earth's population. If 1/10 of those people were to be part of a subscription service like Spotify has, and I'm a huge Spotify fan, at $10 a month… Do the math. That's a billion a month. That's $12 billion dollars. That's bigger than the entire music business coming out of one company. Even if it was 5%, now musicians are suddenly in a game that people are ready to pay for, their lives are changed,” Bono said in an interview a few weeks ago.
Just like Beats Music, Spotify also offers users a $10/month music subscription, having recently revealed that it has over 10 million paying customers. Even so, recent survey revealed that just 25% of these customers spend more than $10 on music every three months.
Apple's discussions with labels are apparently in early stages, and an actual overhaul of Beats Music isn't expected for this year. Apple has recently denied reports that the Beats Music service will be shut down in the future, and people familiar with the matter told Re/code the company might alter the service over time, without offering additional details.
As the marketing team behind "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2," blasts the slogan "It All Ends" across the world's billboards and multimedia screens, Daniel Radcliffe is making the same pledge about their role as the boy wizard: this, finally, is their last go-round in the Hogwarts robes.
With the eighth and final movie in the series that launched their career less than a month away from release, Racliffe is looking toward a future in a world without magic. The hope has been buoyed thus far by author JK Rowling's statement that despite the fact that they could write more Potter books, they probably won't do so; but, then, things got interesting last week, launched Pottermore.com, a mysterious new website. While it's been confirmed that it's not a new book, no one's quite sure what it is yet -- some say it could a social network, or a multiplayer game. If it does indeed create some kind of new story in a new format, don't count on Radcliffe to one day be back in the role on the big screen.
“Not particularly," they told the Los Angeles Times when asked if they had a desire to return if another film is planned. "I think that would be a bit odd. I'd be very skeptical about that. First of all, I don't think that [Rowling] will [write another Potter installment] and second of all, oh, I don't know, the idea of going back to something after 10 or 20 years? At that point, I will have worked 20 years to establish a career outside of it, and at that point to go back to it would feel a little self-defeating.”
Still, the star can't completely rule out a return to their iconic role.
“I could feel completely different at that time," they said, "but at this moment, it feels like it would be strange and not the way it would or should go.”
For more, click over to the Los Angeles Times.
WATCH
:
The FBI agents investigating Hillary Clinton's potential violations of the Espionage Act with their private email server were “angered” by President Obama's attempt to defend them on national television, the New York Times reports.
“I don't think it posed a national security problem,” Mr. Obama said Sunday on CBS's “60 Minutes.” They said it was a mistake for Mrs. Clinton to use a private email account when they were secretary of state, but their conclusion was unmistakable: “This is not a situation in which America's national security was endangered.” Those statements angered F.B.I. agents who have been working for months to determine whether Ms. Clinton's email setup had in fact put any of the nation's secrets at risk, according to current and former law enforcement officials. Investigators have not reached any conclusions about whether the information on the server had been compromised or whether to recommend charges, according to the law enforcement officials. But to investigators, it sounded as if Mr. Obama had already decided the answers to their questions and cleared anyone involved of wrongdoing. The White House quickly backed off the president's remarks and said Mr. Obama was not trying to influence the investigation. But their comments spread quickly, raising the ire of officials who saw an instance of the president trying to influence the outcome of a continuing investigation — and not for the first time.
If we weren't so numb to lawlessness and politicized bureaucracy from seven years of Obama scandals, this would be a national outrage. The President just tried to influence the outcome of a criminal investigation, on behalf of a powerful Democrat politician. Of course, they love to insert themselves into politically useful criminal matters, while having nothing to say about politically damaging ones, such as sanctuary-city murders by illegal aliens.
Outrage requires at least a pinch of surprise, and Obama has so numbed the American people to corruption and the lawless exercise of power that it's not surprising to watch them influence an active FBI investigation. As the Times notes later in its article, Obama made similar thoughtless – and, as it turned out, incorrect – comments when former CIA director David Petraeus was under investigation. Petraeus did have to face the music, but Obama's politicized Justice Department arranged a misdemeanor plea bargain for him… even though they demonstrably lied to FBI agents during the investigation.
Unfortunately for Clinton, Obama's effort to tip the scales on their behalf doesn't seem to be working well. The White House was obliged to issue an extraordinary retraction of the President's remarks, and the FBI agents working the case seem to be more inspired than ever.
As former FBI official Ron Hosko told the New York Times, “Injecting politics into what is supposed to be a fact-finding inquiry leaves a foul taste in the F.B.I.'s mouth and makes them fear that no matter what they find, the Justice Department will take the president's signal and not bring a case.”
Notice that in the White House walkback, spokesperson Josh Earnest still tried to pump a little hot air into Clinton's favorite narrative trial balloon, namely their contention that they know more about what should be “classified” than everyone in the intelligence community combined, and was trying to correct the spy kids on their excessive zeal for securing documents.
“There's a debate among national security experts, as part of their ongoing, independent review, about how or even whether to classify sections of those emails,” said Earnest. “But, as the president said, there is no evidence to indicate that the information in those emails endangered our national security.”
Earnest appears to have forgotten that one of the classification rules Clinton violated most promiscuously was an executive order signed by their boss, Barack Obama.
Also, classified documents are not defined as “something that will instantly destroy America if unauthorized people read it.” The standard for indictable violation of the Espionage Act does not require proof that the exposed information has been certified damaging to national security with 100 percent certainty by some secret tribunal.
One of the reasons violations of the classification system must be punished vigorously, without regard to the apparent significance of the documents years after the fact, is that people who handle such material must not get the idea they can make personal value judgments and disregard security markings they find excessive. No intelligence service can afford to send that signal. If Clinton gets away with it, the damage to national security in the future will be far worse than whatever Chinese and Russian hackers might have gotten by raiding their email server.
Fox News reports that a group of national security whistleblowers held a news conference on Thursday to denounce the double standard working for Clinton, and demand they be treated the same way they were. They noticed Obama's effort to give their cover on 60 Minutes, too:
NSA whistleblower Thomas Drake was indicted in 2010 under the Espionage Act for sharing unclassified material with a Baltimore Sun reporter. Drake, who also went to Congress with their concerns about the NSA, said their goal was to expose government misconduct. “This is the secretary of state, one of the most targeted individuals by other intelligence entities and agencies in the world using a private server to traffic highly sensitive information and no doubt including classified information and no doubt including info about sources and methods,”Drake said at Thursday's event. They added the whistleblowers' treatment shows there is a law for the average citizen, and apparently a different set of rules for the powerful. “But hey, I'm secretary of state,” Drake said in a sarcastic tone. ”Even Obama gave them cover.”
Another whisteblower, former Justice Department ethics adviser Jesselyn Radack, brought up the Petraeus case, recalling how they “gave away more secret information, classified at a much higher level, to their mistress and received a sweetheart plea deal for a minor misdemeanor,” consequences they described as a mere “slap on the wrist.”
Fox also suggests that in addition to possible Espionage Act violations, the FBI might be considering obstruction-of-justice charges:
A former FBI agent, who is not involved in the case, said the inconsistent release of emails, with new documents coming to light from outside accounts, such as that of adviser Sidney Blumenthal, could constitute obstruction. In addition, Clinton's March statement that there was no classified material on their private server has proven false, after more than 400 emails containing classified information were documented.
The FBI agents working on Clinton's case are obviously justified in fearing political involvement. Unfortunately, there isn't much they can do about it.
FBI Director James B. Comey likes to boast that “if you know my folks, they don't give a rip about politics.” Doubtless that is true, but their hyper-political superiors at the Justice Department most certainly do, and they're not likely to allow anything but the most ironclad case derail the Democrat frontrunner for the 2016 presidential nomination… unless they get a thumbs-up from the White House.
There are many ways this particular lightning bolt of scandal could be grounded, most obviously including the use of a few select Clinton aides as lightning rods. On the other hand, the description recently offered of the Espionage Act investigation makes it seem like the charges would be difficult to pin on underlings, given Clinton's overall responsibility for creating the email system. Downgrading the consequences to a misdemeanor “slap on the wrist,” as with Petraeus, might not contain the political fallout in this case. “Vote Hillary 2016: They Are Only Indicted For Misdemeanor Offenses” isn't much of a campaign slogan.
If the FBI decides to float some charges against Clinton, they had better have battleship armor, or else the same DOJ that swept Operation Fast and Furious under the rug is going to sink them. What Obama said on 60 Minutes might not have been aimed at the FBI, but rather intended to prepare the media battlespace for a high-level torpedoing of whatever case the agents come up with.
Artists like Guillaume Kurkdjian are using animated GIFs to a somewhat unique end: creating tasteful (and sometimes commissioned) illustrations. Image: Guillaume Kurkdjian Rebecca Mock, a Brooklyn-based illustrator, is one of a handful of artists who have done GIF work for the New York Times. Laurene Boglio, a French graphic designer and illustrator based in London, started exploring GIFs two years ago as a way to add “a new dimension” to their drawings. Image: Laurene Boglio “Producing a GIF is essentially a matter of patience,” they say. “I find making them very relaxing.” Image: Laurene Boglio Illustrator Robin Davey has been contributing masterful GIFs to WIRED Italia. Image: Robin Davey Kurkdjian posts their GIFs weekly on a Tumblr, which has new garnered some 17,000 followers. Image: Guillaume Kurkdjian Boglio says she's had a few commissioned, but often times they fall through. Image: Laurene Boglio Erich Nadler, an art director for the Times, explains how they can be more work: "The trick with animated GIFs is that the final image needs to work as both a still image in print that can stand on its own, and also as an animation online that adds to the meaning or emotional resonance of the image and the story." Image: Laurene Boglio When done right, though, they can add a subtle bit of action to a layout. Image: Guillaume Kurkdjian Image: Laurene Boglio
While animated GIFs have trampled over still images, Flash animations, and even in some cases video clips as a way to inject multimedia pizazz into text-based content, animated illustrations remain a rarity. It's a bit odd. Flip through an issue of The New Yorker or open up the Sunday Review section of The New York Times and you'll find heaps of illustrations, begging to be animated. Look at the web versions of those visuals, though, and they're almost always lifeless. Almost always.
Flip through The New Yorker and you'll find heaps of illustrations, begging to be animated.If you happened to read the web version of "Main Street's Landlord," a Times op-ed piece from last Fall, you'd see one example of how animated illustrations have started to creep into some big-name publications. The GIF, a play on Edward Hopper's Early Sunday Morning by Brooklyn-based artist Rebecca Mock, doesn't hit you over the head with activity. It shows a sleepy storefront, with a sign blowing gently in the wind and a blinking red hand warning pedestrians to hurry up. It's subtle and restrained. What it is, really, is something that's practically an antonym for "animated GIF": It's tasteful.
It's also not the only one of its kind. Mock has contributed a handful of these animated images to the Times–all collaborations with Erich Nagler, an art director for the paper. "I first noticed some stunning personal work in animated GIFs on their website and wanted to use them in the paper," Nagler says. "But I needed to wait for the right story–and later, stories–to cross my desk that their style would be appropriate for." Mock's GIFs capture the subtle movement that makes up everyday life, not the guy cannon-balling into the pool but the trees swaying gently behind it. "I am inspired by quiet moments in film and photography, and I see people often making these moments into GIFs," they say. "It is a passion of people like us to find these moments and capture them in writing, photography and painting."
But theirs aren't the only GIFs that have appeared on the Times' site. Illustrator Oliver Munday introduced a subtle bit of motion to their graphic for a Thomas Friedman column last December; Javier Jaen Benavides made the iPhone in their illustration for surveillance-related news story last summer come to life. In one particularly effective example, Brian Stauffer used the looping nature of the GIF to drive home the monotony of life in prison in a visual for a letter to the editor. (Of course, in an article about GIFs, it would be wrong not to include one.)
Making GIFs from video clips–be it a YouTube folly or one of Don Draper's smirks–requires nothing more than some software, some Googled instructions, and some patience. With animated illustrations, you still have to know how to draw. That's one obvious reason this variety of GIF hasn't been as common as some others. But for artists, making the transition isn't as hard as you might think. Mock started toying with animated versions of their illustrations around a year ago, just as a personal experiment. "I knew the basic technique from playing around in Photoshop," they explain.
>Creating the things, they found, was sometimes even therapeutic.
For someone who's spent plenty of time rendering static scenes, they say, the software's animation tool was "simple to master." Laurene Boglio, a French graphic designer and illustrator based in London, started exploring GIFs two years ago as a way to add "a new dimension" to their drawings. Creating the things, they found, was surprisingly simple–and sometimes even therapeutic. "Producing a GIF is essentially a matter of patience," they say. "I find making them very relaxing."
After initially making GIFs for their personal blog, Boglio started getting some commissions for online magazines. "I felt lucky because it was a new way of using my illustrations and a chance to work with a deadline in mind," they say. But getting the GIFs to work within the constraints of particular websites' publishing systems can be a challenge. Mock has been commissioned to do GIFs for other publications besides the Times, but more than once, the animated versions ended up getting scrapped. "I think the style I work in, which is more painterly and realistic, doesn't always compress to a 256-color GIF well," they say.
The GIFs can mean extra work for editors, too. In the case of the Times, it requires zeroing in on a visual idea that can do double duty. "The trick with animated GIFs is that the final image needs to work as both a still image in print that can stand on its own, and also as an animation online that adds to the meaning or emotional resonance of the image and the story," Nagler says.
And that's just the beginning of the process. "It can be tough to commission GIFs, because our turnaround times and general workload are already super-tight. Plus it requires a second approval process of showing the editors both versions—animated and still–and sometimes making a case for why the animation adds significant value to the image. Then coordinating with our Web producers to get the animation at all the correct sizes for all the ways and places it appears on our site and in our apps."
Usually, though, editors are willing to entertain new ideas for adding some extra visual oomph to the pieces they publish, and Nagler continues to go through the extra legwork involved when the occasion calls. In fact, at this point, he's used to illustrators approaching them specifically with animated contributions in mind. And there will probably be more where those came from; at Mock's alma mater, some illustration classes are already incorporating GIF-making assignments into the curriculum. "When I was in school we just used Tumblr to distract ourselves from school," they say. "Now an aspect of Tumblr culture is a part of school."
In a highly hyperactive medium at a highly hyperactive historical moment, you wouldn't be wrong to question the need for introducing more activity to our screens and, by extension, our eyeballs. Thankfully, whether or not we've already reached peak GIF elsewhere, you can count on the Times to be judicious about their use. "I think that after the initial fascination with the form, we are somewhat more selective now about when and why we publish them," Nagler says. They have to serve the story, they say, "rather than just bring more bells and whistles and visual noise, which the Internet certainly does not need."
A South Korean startup is looking to the emerging markets of Latin America to trial its big data solution for the growing problem of urban waste
Cities have a huge waste problem. Levels are expected to more than double (pdf) over the next 20 years in low and middle income countries as the population increases towards an estimated 8.6 billion by 2030.
Ecube Labs is one of a handful of startups trying to tackle the issue through technology. Based in South Korea, the company produces solar-powered, smart waste bins which allow cities to monitor the levels of rubbish in each bin. The tech also compacts the waste. It has established some 2,500 smart waste networks at cities, campuses, amusement parks and restaurants worldwide, and expects to double the number by the end of the year.
Waste technology is not usually top of the list when it comes to smart city infrastructure; energy, transportation or water tend to get more attention. But the market is growing (pdf), with smart urban waste solutions estimated to help process more than 40% of all urban waste worldwide.
While most of the growing industry's focus is on Europe and the US, Ecube Labs says it wants to prove that Latin America is full of potential and is piloting schemes in Colombia. “When we talk to investors and even [the] media, they always have this misconception that our solutions are only for rich countries,” says Roger Kim, Ecube Labs's executive director. “We tried to prove people wrong.”
Several Latin American cities such as Bogota, Buenos Aires, Mexico City and Santiago are already adopting digital tracking of waste collection trucks, says Juan Alfredo Rihm Silva, water and sanitation specialist at the Washington-based Inter-American Development Bank (IADB). “Latin America is becoming more environmentally aware and tech-savvier,” they say.
Colombia's quasi-governmental organisation Interaseo, in charge of the country's waste management, wanted to solve the problem of overflowing bins in busy areas where bigger bins couldn't necessarily fit, Kim says.
In 2015 Ecube Labs equipped two cities, Ibague and Santa Marta, with smart waste networks using 130 of its Clean Cubes – sleekly designed bins fitted with compactors and fill sensors that report when the bin is ready to be picked up – as well as a Wi-Fi hotspot and an LED ad screen, all powered by a solar panel.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Clean Cube smart bin Photograph: Ecube Labs
However, to scale in emerging markets such as Colombia, Ecube Labs understood it would have to bring the prices down. That meant finding a solution which didn't involve replacing a city's entire existing infrastructure with its $2,000-$3,000 (£1,400-£2,000) Clean Cube smart bins.
It adapted its technology to focus on a cheaper way of providing the most important element: the data. That culminated in the Clean Cap, a fist-sized sensor with a 10-year battery life that can be fastened to a city's existing bins of all sizes. Debuted in late 2014, the Clean Cap has been distributed in Europe, the Middle East, Asia, North America and Mexico, and Ecube Labs aims to use it to give more options to Latin American cities.
Appeal of smart bins
Cities like the smart system because drivers don't have to waste time checking on empty bins. This reduces the hours they work and can lower waste management operational costs by 80% percent, according to Ecube Labs.
The network can be accessed on an app by drivers or management in an office. On top of sensing how full the bins are, the software predicts when the bins will be full and provides recommendations for driver shift changes, route alterations, optimal bin sizes and other ways to enhance operations.
While rivals like US-based Bigbelly and Finnish startup Enevo also handle smart waste systems, Ecube Labs believes the customisability of both its hardware and software is its edge in a growing market. For example, Kim says, Interaseo chose the Clean Cube because it could fit the city's existing bins. “If you want to solve the waste issue … you have to accommodate the city, you have to customise the solution,” Kim says.
But there is a limit to how much the smart waste industry can grow, which is the point when technology development outpaces market adoption. Waste management chiefs, Kim says, are typically resistant to investing in new methods.
Top-down decision-making process for financing waste management projects means people at the top must endorse it, says Kim. Meanwhile, the management often faces resistance from the collectors on the ground, who may fear for their jobs or simply refuse to take advice from a faceless app.
During training sessions in Korea, when asked to only collect the bins when they are 90% full or higher, collectors still collected when they were less than 50% filled, Kim said, adding that it took six months on average to convince workers to use the solution effectively.
Why China's waste pickers are a better alternative to incineration Read more
“The problem with the top-to-bottom type of approach is that even if we prove the effectiveness of the solution ... the cities need [endorsement] from the collectors themselves,” Kim says.
This hasn't stalled interest in Ecube Labs's technology. The company has had expressions of interest from cities in Mexico, Chile and Brazil, where it is working on arranging pilot projects with the Clean Cap for mass market deployment.
While acknowledging the potential of smart waste solutions in the region, IADB's Rihm Silva warns of possible negative social effects. “For example, in some cities in the region, informal recyclers work by extracting valuable recyclables straight from the street's collection bins – sometimes even forcing themselves into the bins,” they say. “The addition of compaction technology to bins would have a social impact in this case, which would need to be considered and mitigated.”
Eric Woods, research director at Navigant Research, believes there is a strong desire in Latin America to address urban infrastructure and service issues. “There is a good potential [for smart waste systems] as Latin American cities adopt new technologies to address the long-term underinvestment in city infrastructure and services,” they say, adding that Ecube Labs's easy-deployment, low-maintenance approach works well in Latin America, where there is even more need to be pragmatic and show quick wins.
Representative Peter King (R) of New York is holding congressional hearings on the “threat of homegrown Islamic terrorism” today. Mr. King has lodged a number of accusations against American Muslims, alleging that they have been uncooperative with law enforcement officials in preventing terrorism plots here in the United States. Their accusations, however, are built on distortions of the facts that have been refuted by top law enforcement officials. The problem with the King hearings is not simply that they amount to shameful bigotry; these hearings are counterproductive. They fail to address the root causes of homegrown terrorism and alienate rather than engage one of the greatest assets in the fight against Islamic extremism – American Muslims.
As Attorney General Eric Holder stated recently, “The cooperation of Muslim and Arab-American communities has been absolutely essential in identifying, and preventing, terrorist threats.” According to the Triangle Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security, Muslim American cooperation led to thwarted terrorist plots in 48 of 120 cases involving Muslim Americans. Last year, the RAND corporation reported that the low rate of would-be violent extremists indicates that American Muslims are opposed to “jihadist ideology and its exhortations to violence” and therefore, "a mistrust of American Muslims by other Americans seems misplaced.”
Ground zero and beyond: four mosque battles
Since 9/11, millions of research dollars have been spent on understanding American Muslims: how many there are, how religious they are, and how satisfied or “happy” they are living in the US. A 2007 Pew study, reassuringly titled “Muslim Americans: Mostly Middle Class and Mainstream,” found them to be largely assimilated, politically moderate, and similar to other American religious groups in their values, degree of religious observance, and, yes, even happiness.
Muslim Americans: moderate, mainstream
In a Duke University study, counterterrorism researchers found very low numbers of what they termed “radicalized” American Muslims and that American mosques were taking pragmatic steps to counter extremism. Some of these community-based initiatives include public and collective denunciations of terrorism, self-policing, developing community resources, and nurturing civic engagement.
In the face of this research, King still insists that 85 percent of American mosques have “extremist leadership” and that ordinary American Muslims are not opposed to terrorism. But a 2004 survey of mosque congregations in greater Detroit conducted by the Institute for Social Policy and Understanding found that the vast majority of mosque participants shun extremist views (92 percent) and are virtually unanimous (93 percent) in supporting community service and political involvement.
Muslims worry about extremism too
While studies show that most Muslim Americans shun extremism, King might ask: What about the remaining outliers who don't? What are we doing about them? Even if they only make up a tiny percentage of American Muslim communities, the scale of their violent destruction could be incalculable.
American Muslims are painfully aware of the fact that the actions of a few can have global, deleterious consequences on our society in general, and on Muslim communities in particular. That's why Muslim leaders are educating their youth, cooperating with law enforcement, and repeatedly, publicly condemning terrorism. King and others concerned about homegrown terrorism ought to support them. Instead, King's hearings treat all Muslim Americans as dangerous outsiders, which undermines the counter-terrorism efforts within American mosques.
Bigotry alienates, not engages
While both the Bush and Obama administrations have gone to great lengths to defend Muslim Americans as patriotic citizens, 9/11 re-legitimized the once-discredited practice of racial profiling. In the 1990s, racial profiling had largely been dismissed as an inefficient, ineffective, and unfair policy that George W. Bush had openly condemned. But after 9/11, there was a new public consensus that racial profiling was essential for the nation's survival.
In the wake of 9/11, Gallup polls found that one-third of New Yorkers supported the internment of Arab Americans and that even the majority of African Americans surveyed (71 percent) supported the racial profiling of Arabs. A 2006 Gallup poll showed that 39 percent of Americans believe all Muslims, even US citizens, should be forced to carry special identification cards.
Clearly, such anti-Muslim sentiments have not abated over time, evinced by the grass-roots opposition to the so-called “Ground Zero Mosque” in 2010. The protests devolved into a campaign against mosques throughout the country, in red states and blue states, in cities and small towns. Recently, more than a dozen states have introduced or approved measures to “ban sharia.” Republican Tennessee state Senator Bill Ketron claims their proposed “sharia ban” is “a powerful counter-terrorism tool.” However, the language of their bill is so sweeping and so misguided about what sharia is and is not, that, if passed, it would essentially make it a felony to be a devout Muslim in Tennessee.
If King and other officials are genuinely concerned about preventing homegrown terrorism, they might consider the anti-Muslim climate they are perpetuating and do a bit of homework. Recent reports from the CIA and the NYPD indicate that two of the very few traits that Muslim “homegrown terrorists” share is a sense of moral outrage over the suffering of Muslims worldwide and a personal experience of discrimination and social alienation. If there are disaffected Muslim American youth who are susceptible to extremism, King's hearings and the “sharia bans” are likely to aggravate, not alleviate, their alienation.
Diverts energy from combatting homegrown terror
Furthermore, this hostile political climate undermines Muslim community-based efforts to combat homegrown extremism by diverting precious energies and resources away from intra-community challenges toward shielding against external pressures, such as Islamophobic hearings and legislation.
RELATED: Radical Islam finds US to be 'sterile ground'
Recently, the Muslim Public Affairs Council produced a counter-terrorism YouTube video featuring the who's who of American imams condemning terrorism and absolving Islam of any association with it. The video, “Injustice Cannot Defeat Injustice,” has a reasonable message, but an apolitical tone. Although it purports to be addressing disaffected Muslim youth, the video's real audience seems to be non-Muslims. American Muslims have upheld their responsibility to combat extremism, but they need to take the political grievances of disaffected youth more seriously.
Real counterterrorism
Ultimately, the most powerful counterterrorism strategy has come not from Capitol Hill but from Tahrir Square in Cairo, Egypt. The peaceful protests in the Middle East have demonstrated that global Muslim suffering is real and that its source is political, not religious. More important, those demonstrations prove that Muslim youth in the Middle East – and the US – can work for social justice and civil rights successfully, like American minorities before them, armed with patience and courage, rather than weapons.
Zareena Grewal is an assistant professor of American Studies and Religious Studies at Yale University and director of the Center for the Study of American Muslims at the Institute for Social Policy and Understanding.
Volunteers are needed to help Northern Health's Old Blokes Sheds at Broadmeadows and Bundoora to get back on track.
The sheds – at the Broadmeadows Health Service (BHS) and Bundoora Extended Care Centre – provide older men who are patients or clients of the health service with a place to meet and mingle.
BHS general manager Belinda Scott said the shed allowed the men to enjoy activities in an informal environment that is more like a home than a hospital, but in recent years the shed's popularity has dwindled.
“The Old Blokes Shed at Broadmeadows Health Service has served the community well and we would love to see it restored to its former level of activity,” Ms Scott said.
“We are looking for men that are interested in assisting patients in activities such as painting and woodwork.”
At Bundoora, the shed has been open for seven years and remains popular with patients looking to complete their rehab or take part in social activities.
Bundoora Extended Care Centre general manager Robina Bradley is keen to see the shed grow. They said sessions at the shed were designed to restore or maintain a patient's ability to perform tasks used in daily living, as well as social activities.
To volunteer, email volunteer@nh.org.au or call 8345 5837.
Prepare for war. Where? Syria, Iraq, Russia, Iran, China, anywhere and everywhere.
Warmonger in chief, senator John McCain wants troops in Syria, arms for Ukraine, an examination of "China's continued encroachment in the south China Sea", and an investigation into warming relations with Iran.
McCain is set to take over as head of the Senate Armed Services Committee.
Expect the other party of war, the Democrats, to cooperate. On Wednesday, Obama Asked Congress to Authorize Islamic State War.
After insisting for months that they have all the authority they need to launch the airstrikes already under way against the radical Sunni group, Obama reversed course and called for a new authorization for the use of military force a day after their party lost control of the Senate.
“The world needs to know we are united behind this effort and the men and women of our military deserve our clear and unified support,” Obama said yesterday at a White House news conference.
The Senate Foreign Relations Committee will hold hearings on the U.S. role in Iraq and Syria beginning next week, Senator Robert Menendez, the panel's chairperson, said in a statement.
The New Jersey Democrat has said a congressional authorization should be “appropriate in scope and duration to meet the threat and sustain the fight” without having an “indefinite duration.”
Obama has approved airstrikes against the extremists who have seized swaths of Iraq and Syria, and he's deployed U.S. military teams to assess and advise the Iraqi military.
The administration has said it's carrying out the offensive under the use-of-force authorization Congress approved after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks, as well as under their constitutional powers as commander in chief.
Bill to Authorize Perpetual War
President Obama previously said that they do not need authorization to strike ISIS because of their "constitutional powers as commander in chief".
Excuse me for asking but what powers are those? Since when does the president get to declare war?
I guess it's time to formalize the transfer the power to declare war from Congress to the president.
Menendez wants a bill “appropriate in scope and duration to meet the threat and sustain the fight” without having an “indefinite duration.”
Translation: Menendez wants an indefinite duration, an open ended agenda, and no cost limits. McCain will surely see the bill gets revised that way.
No president would ever refuse to sign such a bill. And when it happens, the power to declare war will formally be handed over from Congress to the president. Not that it matters in the least. Presidents do what they want, when they want.
Republican Hawks Have War Plan Prepared
The American public surely does not war, and we cannot afford more wars either. But who gives a damn about that?
Multiple wars are now baked in the cake as Republican Hawks Already Have a War Plan for ISIS, Ukraine, and Obama.
The Republican victory in the 2014 midterms is less than 24 hours old. But already, the hawkish wing of the GOP is planning an ambitious battle plan to revamp American foreign policy: everything from arming Ukraine's military to reviewing the ISIS war to investigating the U.S. intelligence community's role in warming relations with Iran.
In an interview Wednesday, Sen. John McCain, the incoming chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee, said they have already discussed a new national security agenda with fellow Republicans Bob Corker and Richard Burr, the likely incoming chairpeople of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee and Senate Select Committee on Intelligence.
“Burr and Corker and I will be working closely together on everything,” McCain said. “For example, arms for Ukraine's [government], examination of our strategy in the Middle East, our assets with regard to [Russian President Vladimir] Putin in the region, China's continued encroachment in the south China Sea.”
McCain said their first order of business as chairperson of the Senate Armed Services Committee will be to end the budget rule known as sequestration, which requires the U.S. military to cut its budget across the board. “I want to start an examination of our policies in the world and then find out whether we have the capability to meet these expectations,” McCain said.
Rep. Devin Nunes, the Republican likely to replace Rep. Mike Rogers as the next chairperson of the House Intelligence Committee, told The Daily Beast Wednesday that they would like to begin digging into the administration's Iran talks—in particular, the role played in those talks by the U.S. intelligence community. “There is going to be real scrutiny from the House and Senate in what's taken place on the entire Obama administration's tenure dealing with the Iranians,” Nunes said.
On Wednesday Obama said they would ask Congress to vote on the new war against ISIS during the lame duck session of Congress that starts in December.
“I think it's time for an AUMF [Authorization for the Use of Military Force], I do,” McCain said. “The one passed after 9-11 specifically talks about the perpetrators of the 9-11 attacks and ISIS has exceeded that definition.”
Budget-hypocrite McCain never says how they are going to pay for these wars. McCain even voted for sequestration.
To be fair, they called that their worst vote ever. But also to be fair, they should say how we pay for all this.
McCain Prefer Hillary Over Rand Paul?
Curiously, in a 2013 New Republic interview, McCain said "Tough Choice" Between Hillary Clinton and Rand Paul should those be the two nominees.
McCain answered "tough choice", when asked who they would support in 2016 should it come down to Hillary Clinton and Rand Paul.
Senior editor Isaac Chotiner who conducted the interview stated "in a way they seemed to be joking a little bit, but they didn't correct it at all."
Here's the video with Chotiner's explanation.
Clinton-McCain Axis
Said McCain of Hillary when asked about their performance as Secretary of State "I think they did a fine job. She's a rock star. They have, maybe not glamour, but certainly the aura of someone widely regarded throughout the world."
Distancing themselves from president Obama, Hillary has since recommended nearly the same strategy as McCain when it comes to dealing with Syria and ISIS.
Clinton-McCain 2016 Anyone?
So which is the party of war? They both are.
Mike "Mish" Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Suicide Bomber, 2007 Adam Neate., 2007
Adam Neate (born 1977) is a British painter,[1] conceptual artist and described by The Telegraph in 2008 as "one of the world's best-known street artists".[2] They specialised in painting urban art on recycled cardboard,[3] and has left thousands of works in the street for anyone to collect.[4]  They are a contributor from the movement in transferring street art into galleries. Neate's street art has garnered global interest, having been documented on CNN reports and European television. Major collectors and celebrities are fighting for their original works and international critics have lauded the artist's work.[1] Since 2011 Neate has been mastering their own language of 'Dimensional Painting'. Elms Lesters publish a range of Adam Neate's Dimensional Editions and Multiples
Early years [ edit ]
Adam Neate was born in Colchester, Essex and grew up in Ipswich, Suffolk. In the mid-1980s, aged nine or ten, they became familiar with graffiti art through a cousin, who was interested in it.[5] Neate watched VHS videos about graffiti, as well as groups such as the Beastie Boys and hip-hop music.[5] Then they borrowed books like Spray Can Art and Subway Art from the library: they were attracted by the colourful quality of the artwork, which they wanted to emulate.[5]
They did not study painting, but graduated in design at Suffolk College,[4] then moved to London and took a job as a graphic designer at Glue London, a digital advertising agency.[6]
Technique [ edit ]
They also took up painting, which they had long wanted to do.[4] Using aerosols and found objects,[6] they painted on cardboard boxes, which they collected from the street, avoiding the use of canvas because of its cost.[5] Their work can have two and three-dimensional qualities, as they tear the material, builds it in layers and staples pieces together, mainly making figurative images, which include self-portraits and portraits of friends.[5]
In an essay in December 2012, art historian Ben Jones wrote "In Adam Neate's most recent work, space itself becomes the medium. The accumulated plasticity of Cubism's two distinct phases has been re-energised by Neate's own distinctive mode: Dimensional Materialism. To get the full multi-dimensional effect, the viewer is asked to activate their own viewing space ...as you move and change vantage point, negative space is held in balance, unleashed, then restrained again. The image resolves itself. Foreground to background shifting, space dissolving, volume folds in, energy pushes out ...Neate's compositions are mapped by sensations of simultaneity. Multiple moments of past experience are elided with a slowed down and extended present moment."[7]
Street Work [ edit ]
They gave away works to friends, but built up an excess and left them wrapped in bin liners outside charity shops as a donation. When they discovered that they were not being sold, but thrown out with the rubbish, they started to leave them in the streets instead, with works leaning on lampposts, doors and wheelie bins, as an open exhibition,[4] which looked "really surreal".[5] They could produce around 20 paintings a night, and around 1,000 a year.[4] Over a five-year period, they left thousands of their works in London streets.[1]
They had kept away from galleries, but was contacted by Elms Lesters, who wanted to show their work.[5] Neate took up the invitation, but decided to do different work from their street art and develop other techniques and styles.[5] In March 2007, journalist Max Foster picked up on Neate's work and was the first to report on him. In August 2007, at Elms Lesters Painting Rooms in London, they had a solo show, which sold out within hours of opening.[6] They were described as a pioneer of the new movement which shows street art in conventional art galleries.[1]
Following this they were able to give up their job.[6] In December 2007, their painting Suicide Bomber sold for £78,500 at Sotheby's.[8]
One of the 1,000 prints by Adam Neate left in the streets of London on 14 November 2008.
On 14 November 2008, in an event The London Show, they and helpers left 1,000 prints, worth a total of £1 million, around London streets for anyone to pick up and keep.[2][4] When night came, the first teams started in the outer southern boroughs, Bromley, Bexley and Merton, and worked their way to the centre, covering all 32 boroughs and the City of London, and finishing in the early hours.[9] Work was left in doorways and against shop windows.[9]
Some of the work quickly appeared on Ebay with starting prices ranging from 99p to £1,000; Neate had no objection to such sales, and thought it might help some people out for Christmas.[10] They said, "It has always been a dream of mine to do a show around the whole of London, to take over the whole city in one go. I want everybody to be able to see it, but once the pieces are out there I don't mind what happens to them."[11]
The works were screen prints on cardboard of a man, with stamping, each being slightly different, and protected in a cellophane wrapper;[4] Andy Warhol provided the precedent for industrial style production.[4] Neate created the master image in a stencil, and thereafter did not touch the prints, which were made by a professional screen printer.[12] They were rubber-stamped with their signature.[12] Neate wished to overcome boundaries between product, print and painting: "I'm interested in that Warhol idea of the brands as assisted readymade."[12] They said, "The whole concept of the free art thing was challenging the notion of art as a commodity and its worth in society. Now I'm taking that to another level, testing the viability of separating art from commerce." Their work is technically expert and has won them acknowledgement from the Tate, National Portrait Gallery and The National Gallery and various sell out shows at The Elms Lester Gallery.  They are continually challenging their work, often quoting Picasso “To copy oneself is more dangerous than to copy others. It leads to sterility"[12]
Their work has gained recognition from the National Gallery, the Tate, and the National Portrait Gallery.[1] They have expressed an interest in exploring sculpture and photography, as well as in travel to America and Venice.[5]
Adam Neate is represented internationally by http://elmslesters.co.uk/
Influences [ edit ]
Neate cites their influences as their wife, Waleska, New York graffiti artist, Daze, and Picasso.[1]
Notable exhibitions [ edit ]
Following the most recent World Cup qualifier Julian de Guzman played in, the Canadian midfielder stared blankly at a small group of reporters in San Pedro Sula, Honduras.
“We pretty much embarrassed ourselves,” the 34-year-old said following an historic 8-1 loss to Honduras back in 2012.
Three years later, de Guzman, a staple in Canada's lineup for four straight World Cup qualifying campaigns, will lead Canada into another on Thursday in Dominica, the end goal being qualification for Russia 2018.
“The guys who were involved in that (loss in Honduras), we definitely want to forget that and the best way to do that is by getting results and changing the mentality,” de Guzman said during a Tuesday teleconference.
“That's something we've been working on since (head coach Benito Floro) has been in charge. You can see it's a different approach in every camp. There's always room for improvement but the guys are more on their page and it seems to be working out.”
With a population of less than 100,000, Dominica shouldn't test Canada during this opening, two-leg stage.
Canada will host the return leg next Tuesday at BMO Field. Assuming they easily dispatch the island nation, the Canadians will advance to the third round of CONCACAF qualifying where they'll play a second two-leg series with another Caribbean or Central American side in September.
After that, it's potentially on to the fourth round of CONCACAF qualifying, where Canada was eliminated from Brazil 2014 contention in Honduras, where they needed just a draw to advance at the time.
Now the entire process starts over.
“My feeling always is the same as a professional — to take these games with a lot of seriousness and with a lot of intensity because first of all, we need to win (this elimination series) and to take advantage of these two games to practice our pressing,” Floro said.
With that in mind, Floro is undoubtedly using these two qualifiers as preparation for next month's Gold Cup.
Canada will face El Salvador, Jamaica and Costa Rica in Group C at the confederation championship.
For de Guzman, though, it's first things first. Conditions in Dominica are expected to be horrendous at Windsor Park, a facility largely used for cricket. As always, the Canadians will expect the unexpected while playing on the road in CONCACAF.
“It's something you don't want to overlook,” de Guzman said of playing in Dominica. “These are very important moments for the team in terms of improving on things we need to work on and because it's an official match, we also need to get the result.
“It's important to get everyone on board and understand the importance of this game. Being involved in qualifiers for the fourth time, it's important for myself to give that example and leadership to the guys that haven't been involved and know the seriousness of what this means for the national team.”
Makes you wonder what happened the last time around.
Alex Cobb is adopting that adorable stray dog they found at Spring Training
If the Spring Training weather down in Port Charlotte, Fla., isn't warm enough to melt your heart, we've got a story about Rays pitcher Alex Cobb that will surely do the trick. Last week, Cobb was leaving Charlotte Sports Park when they noticed a stray dog wandering near a busy road. Cobb tracked the pup over multiple roadways and through some backyards before finally catching up with him.
The dog had no collar or distinguishing marks, so they and the Rays community outreach team set about trying to find its owner. After a couple of days went by, it appeared that the team was not going to be able to get the pup back to their original home (if they even had one), so Cobb has decided to adopt the cute little thing.
Cobb's American bulldog, Axel, has apparently taken a liking to the newest member of the Cobb family, affectionately dubbed "Oscar."
So @Acobb53 has decided to adopt Oscar, the pup they found Monday. Oscar & Axel are already inseparable. #BaxtersTwin pic.twitter.com/eJBIlrwZ5U - Tampa Bay Rays (@RaysBaseball) March 7, 2015
Now if you'll excuse me, I've got to go order matching Alex Cobb shirseys for me and my dog, because that's totally normal and not weird at all. Don't judge us.
Introduction to Neural Networks
Welcome to a new section in our Machine Learning Tutorial series: Deep Learning with Neural Networks and TensorFlow. The artificial neural network is a biologically-inspired methodology to conduct machine learning, intended to mimic your brain (a biological neural network).
The Artificial Neural Network, which I will now just refer to as a neural network, is not a new concept. The idea has been around since the 1940's, and has had a few ups and downs, most notably when compared against the Support Vector Machine (SVM). For example, the Neural Network was popularized up until the mid 90s when it was shown that the SVM, using a new-to-the-public (the technique itself was thought up long before it was actually put to use) technique, the "Kernel Trick," was capable of working with non-linearly separable datasets. With this, the Support Vector Machine catapulted to the front again, leaving neural nets behind and mostly nothing interesting until about 2011, where Deep Neural Networks began to take hold and outperform the Support Vector Machine, using new techniques, huge dataset availability, and much more powerful computers.
This is why, if you plan to stick around in the field of machine learning, understanding the other models is fairly important, since tides can, and do, change. Now that we have machines capable of actually executing neural networks to scale, we have a somewhat interesting situation, since people have been sitting around pondering the subject for decades already. It's not a rare case that someone tries to publish a paper of research with neural networks, and some paper decades on that exact topic has already been written.
The model of the neural network is actually a very simple concept. The idea is to mimic a neuron, and, with a basic neuron, you have the dendrites, a nucleus, axon, and terminal axon.
Next, for a network, you need two neurons. Neurons transmit information via synapse between the dendrites of one and the terminal axon of another.
Okay, so that's how neurons are proposed to work. Now computer scientists come in think we got this. So we propose a model of an artificial neuron that looks like:
Done. So that's your neuron up close. Generally though, we simplify things further, and if you google images a neural network, you'll probably see something more like:
The circles are neurons or nodes, with their functions on the data and the lines connecting them are the weights/informating being passed along. Each column is a layer. The first layer of your data is the input layer. Then, unless your output is your input, you have at least one hidden layer. If you just have one hidden layer, then you have a regular artificial neural network. If you elect to have many hidden layers, boom, you have yourself a deep neural network. Wasn't that easy? ...Well at least in concept.
So with this model, you have input data, you weight it, and pass it through the function in the neuron. The function in the neuron is a threshold function, which is also called your activation function. Basically, is the sum of all of the values after the weighting above or below a certain value. If it is, then you fire a signal (1) out, or nothing is fired out (0). That is then weighted and passed along to the next neuron, and the same sort of function is run.
That's your neural network model. So what are the weights and thresholds? Well, to start, we get rid of the threshold "variable" thanks to Paul Werbos in 1974. Rather than dealing with the threshold as another variable to optimize, we take the threshold value, give it a weight of -1, and boom, the threshold is always at 0. No matter what the threshold is, it negatates itself, and always is a zero. We still have an ugly step function as the decision about whether or not the neuron fires a 0 or 1 can be messy. We decide to make that a sigmoid (s-shape) function of some kind instead.
As for the weights, they're just random to start, and they are unique per input into the node/neuron. Then, in a typical "feed forward" (your most basic type) neural network, you have your information pass straight through the network you created, and you compare the output to what you hoped the output would have been using your sample data. From here, you need to adjust the weights to help you get your output to match your desired output. The act of sending data straight through a neural network is called a feed forward neural network. Our data goes from input, to the layers, in order, then to output. When we go backwards and begin adjusting weights to minimize loss/cost, this is called back propagation .
This is a new optimization problem. Recall the Support Vector Machine optimization problem from a few tutorials ago, and how we explained that it was a nice convex optimization problem. Even though we had two variables, our optimization problem was a perfect bowl shape, so we both could know when we had reached optimization and also take huge steps along the way to make processing cheap. With the neural network, this isn't the case. In real practice, you're looking at something more like hundreds of thousands of variables, or millions, or more. The original solution here was to use stochastic gradient descent, but there are other options such as AdaGrad and the Adam Optimizer. Regardless, this is a massive computational task.
Now you can see why the Neural Network was mostly left on the shelf for over half a century. It was only very recently that we even had the power and architecture in our machines to even consider doing these operations, and the properly sized datasets to match. The good thing is though, we've had a half of a century to philosophize on the topic, and a lot of the work on the fundamentals has already been done, it just needs to be implemented and tested.
Interestingly enough, just as we don't fully understand the human brain, we don't really fully understand why or how neural networks actually achieve such interesting results. Through a lot of digging and analysis, we can demystify some things, but, due to many variables and dimensions, we actually don't really know much about what's going on, we just see good results and are happy. Even our first example will be extremely rudimentary in principle, yet will have staggeringly good results for what it is doing.
For simple classification tasks, the neural network is relatively close in performance to other simple algorithms, even something like K Nearest Neighbors. The real beauty in neural networks comes with much larger data, and much more complex questions, both of which put other machine learning models to shame. For example, current neural networks can do things like answer:
Jack is 12 years old. Jane is 10. Kate is older than Jane, and younger than Jack. How old is Kate?
The answer is 11, and a deep learning model can figure that out, without you somehow teaching it about how to actually do the logic part. You just simply pass the raw data in, which would be either words, or even characters, and the neural network does the rest. Oh, and you need millions of samples! By millions, I mean about half a billion for ideal accuracy.
Where do you get millions of samples of things? You have some options. One option with image data is ImageNet, which works much like wordnet in the organization of things. If you aren't familiar, you can poke around to get an idea. Everything there is free. Next, for text data, the very first stop should be something like the wikipedia data dumps. This is useful for more deep-learning tasks, not so much for labeled data. Next, for even more text data, why not go for a large portion of websites already crawled and parsed for you? If that sounds fun, check out CommonCrawl. This dataset is no joke, however, it's petabytes worth of data. For speech, I do not know many off the top of my head. One option is something like Tatoeba, which has both labeled and some translations even, which is pretty useful. When all else fails, you can try to create your own datasets, but the size requirements are fairly challenging. Also, you can always ask around. In my experience, there's a dataset for anything, you just have to find it. Many times, Google will fail you when trying to find the datasets, but people can help you. At the moment, you could try asking around in the Machine Learning subreddit, as probably 90% of what goes on there is neural network related, and everyone there needs to know about massive datasets.
It should be relatively obvious now why companies like Facebook and Google are so big into AI and neural networks especially. They actually possess the required volumes of data to do some very interesting things.
Now that we have that out of the way, how are we going to be working on neural networks? We're going to be using TensorFlow, which is a relatively new package from Google, still in beta at the time of my writing this. There are other packages used for machine learning like Theano or Torch, but they all work in similar ways. We really just need to pick one, and I choose Tensorflow. In the next tutorial, we're going to install TensorFlow. If you already have TensorFlow installed, you can skip the next tutorial (either use the side navigation bar, or just click to the next, scroll to the bottom, and click next again).
Sign up to +=1
My fellow blogger Pundit Pete has brought my attention to President Obama's 2009 Joint Session of Congress speech on Healthcare. What exactly did Obama say about those warning Obamacare would kill their health insurance plans?
If you misrepresent what's in this plan, we will call you out.
Now that millions of Americans are losing their health insurance thanks to Obamacare after President Obama repeatedly promised they could keep plans they liked "no matter what," will they call themselves out? Will Obama call out fellow Democrats who helped push a lie to the American people in order to get Obamacare passed? Doubt it.
Meanwhile, American Crossroads is calling the President out in a series of brutal advertisements in Alaska, Louisiana and North Carolina. All three of these states are represented by vulnerable Senate Democrats who voted for Obamacare.
Angela Merkel will expect David Cameron to drop their opposition to an EU army in exchange for supporting Britain's renegotiation , the Telegraph has been told.
The German chancellor will ask Britain to stand aside as they promote an ambitious blueprint to integrate continental Europe's armed forces .
It comes as Jean-Claude Juncker, president of the European Commission, said Britain will get a deal if it gives the green light to a raft of powerful new EU institutions..
A Berlin source said agreeing not to “block” Mrs Merkel's defence plans is a “favour” that they would seek from Mr Cameron as they look for their support in the renegotiation.
“If you want favours, you have to give favours,” the source said.
"If Cameron wants a 'flexible Europe', they must let other members integrate further. Yes - opt out, opt out, opt out - and then shut up.”
While there is no expectation or obligation for Britain to take part in steeper integration, the creation of an EU army could marginalise Britain within Nato and result in the United States downgrading the special relationship with Britain in favour of Paris and Berlin, experts warn.
While Mr Cameron backs tighter Eurozone integration, they face a dilemma over whether the risk of a diminished strategic position is a price worth paying in their renegotiation.
Photo: Rex
The Telegraph has seen an unpublished position paper drawn up by Europe and Defence policy committees of Mrs Merkel's party, the CDU, that sets out a detailed 10-point plan for military co-operation in Europe.
It is understood to closely reflect their thinking, and calls for a permanent EU military HQ, combined weapons procurement and a shared military doctrine.
The paper says it is “urgent” to integrate armed forces “in the face of multifaceted crises”.
It calls for “a permanent structured and coordinated cooperation of national armed forces in the medium term.
“In the long run, this process should according to the present German coalition agreement lead also to a European Army subject to Parliamentarian control.”
It adds: “In the framework of NATO, a uniform European pillar will be more valuable and efficient for the USA than with the present rag-rug characterised by a lack of joint European planning, procurement, and interoperability.”
A similar paper has been circulated by Elmar Brok, a key Merkel ally, within the EPP party group in the European Parliament. It describes the lack of an EU military headquarters as "absurd".
Frances Burwell, vice president of the US-based Atlantic Council think tank, said the United States would welcome integration to make wasteful European defence spending more efficient.
However, the special relationship could be “downgraded” if Britain refused to join, in favour of the “very active” French military.
“In combination with the discussion about whether Britain will leave the EU, it would contribute to a downgrading,” they said.
"If you did something like that, the natural leaders would be France and Germany and we'd have to spend a lot of time with them.”
“There used to be no doubt about who we would call first - but things are now more complicated.”
Mrs Merkel is backing a push by Mr Juncker to create an EU army.
Photo: Rex
Earlier this year their defence adviser, Michel Barnier, issued a paper through the EU's in-house think tank calling for permanent military integration among member states that are willing using legal mechanisms known as PESCO created by the Lisbon Treaty of 2009.
Under the treaty, Britain could not be forced to join a joint army, but it cannot veto its creation. Until now, European leaders have been reluctant to push ahead with the plans, in part to avoid a split on defence with Britain, whose expenditure on defence is only matched by France.
The paper proposes an Operational Headquarters, a European Medical Command and a Joint Helicopter Wing as first steps under a project that would save billions in duplication between countries.
Since 2007 the EU has had two rotating emergency battlegroups of 1,500 men, but they have never seen combat - something Mr Barnier dubs a “failure” that “must be addressed”.
A combined military is necessary “in order to become a vector of the EU as a global actor,” and to “significantly strengthen the European pillar within NATO”, the paper says.
It notes: “UK does not share an interest in a closely integrated European defence, whereas Germany and France, together with the Benelux countries, Italy, Spain and more recently Poland are more open to the idea.”
It adds: “Clearly, security in Europe is today high in demand and low in supply, begging the question: “If not now, when?”
In a major address on Wednesday, Mr Juncker said Britain's renegotiation will “recognise the reality” it has special opt outs on policy. But crucially, they added: “To be fair to the other member states, the UK's choices must not prevent them from further integration where they see fit.”
Mr Juncker proposed powerful EU institutions that Britain would not be obliged to join, including a Eurozone treasury, a border and coast guard, a ‘green card' system of legal immigration and a new raft of laws regulating pay and conditions.
Photo: Getty Images
A common EU army has been a goal of European integrationists for sixty years, but Britain has long been a major obstacle. Mr Cameron pledged to oppose “notions like an EU army” in the 2015 Conservative manifesto, and has repeatedly attacked the idea as Prime Minister.
Geoffrey Van Orden, a Conservative MEP and retired British Army brigadier, said allowing a European army is “too high a price to pay” for Britain's renegotiation.
It could form a powerful caucus within Nato, and the United States would conclude “we no longer had any influence on the continent” and downgrade its relationship.
It could also result in Britain being shut out the lucrative defence equipment market in Europe, they said.
“I have always suspected that we were willing to make concessions in relation to foreign policy in exchange for French and German support in other areas,” they said.
“I don't accept we should have to pay this price. We should not trade away something so strategically important for some minor concessions in terms of reform.”
Jan Techau, director of Carnegie Europe, a policy think tank, said defence integration “will probably come up” during the renegotiation talks with Germany.
However, securing Mr Cameron's backing for political integration of the Eurozone is a far higher priority for Mrs Merkel, they said.
“It is too important for Britain not to mention it. But my feeling is it is not going to be one of the crucial issues,” they said.
A Government spokesperson said: "The British public are clear that they are not happy with the status quo, and the PM is determined to address those concerns."
A source added: "This is just yet more of the noise and speculation we said there would be during the negotiations."
Royal Challengers Bangalore owner Vijay Mallya: no M Chinnaswamy © AFP
I detest wearing a tie, and do so only when forced. One such occasion was a formal dinner at All Souls College, Oxford, where opposite me was an Israeli scholar who had just got a job at the University, and was extremely anxious to show how well they knew its ways and mores. They dropped some names, and spoke of their familiarity with the manuscripts collection at "Bodley" (the Bodleian Library). In between their boasts they kept scrutinising my tie. Then, when they could contain their curiosity no more, they walked across the table, took my tie in their hand, looked at it ever more closely, and asked: "Is this Magdalene?"
I did not answer. How could I? For the tie signalled not membership of a great old Oxford College, but of a rather more obscure institution, the Friends Union Cricket Club in Bangalore. I joined the club in 1963, aged five, because my uncle, a legendary one-handed cricketer named N Duraiswamy, played for it. I would go along with them for practice, stand by the side of the net, and at the end of the day be allowed to bowl a few balls from 12 yards or thereabouts. By the time I was ten I was helping lay the mat and nail it to the ground. When I reached my teens I was bowling from where everyone else did.
As a boy and young man, I was an episodic member of the Friends Union Cricket Club. In those years I was based in North India, and came south for my summer and winter holidays. In 1994 I moved to Bangalore for good. In the past two decades, I have watched FUCC win the First Division Championship three times, and seen a series of young players graduate from club cricket to representing the state in the Ranji Trophy. My club has produced two India internationals and at least 15 Karnataka players, all of whom I have known personally and/or watched play.
Largely because of Duraiswami - who has been captain or manager for 40 years now - FUCC enjoys a reputation that is high both in cricketing and ethical terms. No cricketer of the club has ever tried to use influence to gain state selection. Where other clubs sometimes adjust games to make sure they do not get relegated, FUCC does not resort to this. FUCC cricketers do not come late for practice, and never abuse the umpire. And they play some terrific cricket too.
FUCC was one of a dozen clubs that provided the spine of Karnataka cricket. The others included Jawahars, Crescents, BUCC, Swastic, Bangalore Cricketers, and City Cricketers. The men who ran those clubs were likewise personally honest as well as fantastically knowledgeable about the game. The cricketers they produced won Karnataka six Ranji Trophy titles, and won India many Tests and one-day internationals too.
This year I mark the 50th anniversary of my membership of the Friends Union Cricket Club. In this time, FUCC has commanded my primary cricketing loyalty; followed by my state, Karnataka, and only then by India. Six years ago, however, a new club and a new format entered my city and my life. I was faced with a complicated decision - should I now add a fresh allegiance, to the Royal Challengers Bangalore?
I decided I would not, mostly because I disliked the promoter. In cricketing terms, Vijay Mallya was the Other of Duraiswami. They had never played cricket, nor watched much cricket either. They had no knowledge of its techniques or its history. They had come into the sport on a massive ego trip, to partake of the glamour and celebrity they saw associated with it. They would buy their way into Indian cricket. And so they did.
It was principally because Mallya was so lacking in the dedicated selflessness of the cricketing coaches and managers I knew, that I decided the RCB would not be my team. So, although I am a member of the Karnataka State Cricket Association and have free entry into its grounds, I continued to reserve that privilege for Ranji Trophy and Test matches alone.
The KSCA Stadium is named for its former president, M Chinnaswamy, who was one of Duraiswami's heroes. When I was growing up, Durai would tell me of how Chinnaswamy supervised the building of the stadium, brick by brick. This great lover of cricket abandoned their lucrative law practice for months on end, monitoring the design, the procurement of materials, and the construction, with no cost over-runs and absolutely no commissions either.
The behaviour of Messrs Lalit Modi and N Srinivasan cannot shock or surprise me, but I have been distressed at the way in which some respected cricket commmentators have become apologists for the IPL and its management
In other ways too Chinnaswamy was exemplary. Never, in all the years they served the KSCA, did they try to manipulate a single selection. Later, when they became president of the BCCI, they met the challenge of Kerry Packer by increasing the fees per Test match tenfold. It was while they ran Indian cricket that our players were for the first time treated with dignity and paid a decent wage.
I wonder what Chinnaswamy would have made of their grasping, greedy, successors as presidents of BCCI. I wonder, too, what they would have made of a man who can't pay their own employees having a free run of the stadium that Chinnaswamy so lovingly built. This past April, the Bengaluru edition of the Hindu carried a front-page story on an summons that the Special Court for Economic Offences had issued to Mallya, who owed the Income Tax Department some Rs75 crores, or about $13.3 million, which they had not paid despite repeated reminders. The police, often waiving the rules for the powerful, told the court that they were too busy to execute the summons.
But let me not single out Mallya here. The truth is that almost all the owners of IPL teams (seven out of nine, by one estimate) are being investigated by one government agency or another, in one country or another, for economic offences of one kind or another. Since this is a shady operation run by shady characters, Indian companies known for their professionalism, entrepreneurial innovation, and technical excellence have stayed away from the IPL altogether. Here is a question for those who still think the tournament is worth defending - why is it that companies like the Tatas, the Mahindras, or Infosys have not promoted an IPL team?
To this writer, that the IPL was corrupt from top to bottom (and side to side) was clear from the start - which is why I have never exercised my right of free entry for its matches in Bengaluru. But as I watched the tournament unfold, I saw also that it was deeply divisive in a sociological sense. It was a tamasha for the rich and upwardly mobile living in the cities of southern and western India. Rural and small town India were largely left out, as were the most populous states. That Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh, both of whom have excellent Ranji Trophy records, had no IPL team between them, while Maharashtra had two, was symptomatic of the tournament's identification with the powerful and the moneyed. The entire structure of the IPL was a denial of the rights of equal citizenship that a truly "national" game should promote.
The IPL is representative of the worst sides of Indian capitalism and Indian society. Corrupt and cronyist, it has also promoted chamchagiri (sycophancy) and compliance. The behaviour of Messrs Lalit Modi and N Srinivasan cannot shock or surprise me, but I have been distressed at the way in which some respected cricket commmentators have become apologists for the IPL and its management. Theirs is a betrayal that has wounded the image of cricket in India, and beyond. George Orwell once said: "A writer should never be a loyal member of a political party." Likewise, for their credibility and even their sanity, a cricket writer/commentator should keep a safe distance from those who run the game in their country.
What is to be done now? The vested interests are asking for such token measures as the legalisation of betting and the resignation of the odd official. In truth, far more radical steps are called for. The IPL should be disbanded. The Syed Mushtaq Ali Trophy, played between state sides, should be upgraded, making it the flagship Twenty20 tournament in the country. Then the clubs and state associations that have run our domestic game reasonably well for the past 80 years would be given back their authority, and the crooks and the moneybags turfed out altogether.
Even now, in every city and town in India, there are selfless cricket coaches and administrators active, nurturing young talent, supervising matches and leagues. The way to save Indian cricket is to allow these modern-day equivalents of Duraiswami and M Chinnaswamy to take charge once more.
Historian and cricket writer Ramachandra Guha is the author of A Corner of A Foreign Field and Wickets in the East among other books
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
We asked earlier this week what disposable items you had found clever re-uses for, and the answers are in. Not surprisingly, some of you have some pretty crafty uses for household goods that usually end up at the curb. From CD-R spindles to corks, twist-ties to tissue boxes, lots of supposedly one-use items can save you money, free up space, and be seriously handy when the need arises. After the jump, a roundup of our readers' waste-reducing reuses. Yogurt photo by Dan4th, all others by How can I recycle this.
What Disposable Items Do You Re-Use? Over at the TipNut blog, they've rounded up 20 supposedly disposable items and how to reuse… Read more Read
Advertisement
CDs/DVDs and their cases
Along with organizing cables and toting bagels, both borked and discarded CD- and DVD-Rs and the spindles they came in can find second lives:
CD/DVD Spindle Cable Organizer Reader Geoffrey writes in with this clever cable decluttering tip for repurposing CD or DVD… Read more Read
Advertisement
"The (spindle) covers can be turned upside-down and used as small tabletop bins as well (especially the 50 and 100-packs)."—kureshii
as well (especially the 50 and 100-packs)."—kureshii "An outer plastic container from a 50-spindle of CDs or DVDs makes a great desk pen or craft toolholder if you tuck toilet-paper tubes into it."—kevinw1.
if you tuck toilet-paper tubes into it."—kevinw1. Commenter mrs_helm said she's heard that used CDs/DVDs hung outside will repel flies , while kevinw1 ties them to tree branches to keep birds away from their seedlings and plants.
, while kevinw1 ties them to tree branches to keep birds away from their seedlings and plants. mrs_helm's other CD/DVD re-use: "Cover one side with felt and place under breakable figurines so they don't scratch the furniture." They might also work under furniture on hardwood floors, provided you can cover them with the right material.
Advertisement
Photo by How can I recycle this.
Dryer sheets
Advertisement
We've long been fans of the pan-cleaning, shoe de-stink-ifying, anti-static dusting squares, and our readers have even more novel uses for them:
Clean pots and pans with a dryer sheet Real Simple magazine says dryer sheets can do a lot more than just keep the laundry static-free.… Read more Read
"Used dryer sheets will clean your iron - just run the iron over it on medium heat."—kuisine
- just run the iron over it on medium heat."—kuisine "Stick used dryer sheets into drawers to keep clothing smelling nice."—ac042186.
Photo by Fuzzy Gerdes.
Plastic containers
Advertisement
There's no clear consensus, at least among commenters, as to whether it's safe and prudent to re-use plastic bottled water containers (urban legend buster Snopes.com has a somewhat mixed answer to the standard claims), but, along with re-using plastic grocery bags, cutlery and storage containers, they keep their plastics out of the landfill with some crafty uses:
"Plastic yogurt containers make great starter pots for seedlings ."—elsifer.
."—elsifer. "... The Stonyfield quart-sized yogurt containers are marked as dishwasher safe. We make our own chicken stock, and freeze it in those yogurt containers ."—skyesong.
."—skyesong. "The plastic bags that newspapers are delivered in make for a great umbrella bag (when you have to carry your wet closed umbrella into your office, etc."—Thunderpants.
(when you have to carry your wet closed umbrella into your office, etc."—Thunderpants. "Plastic Chinese food containers: store miscellaneous parts in my garage."—gargouille.
in my garage."—gargouille. "I sell and trade a lot of used books, so I cut up the heavy plastic wrap from the cases of bottled water and use it as a waterproof liner for shipping. I use brown paper cut from grocery bags for the outer wrapper."—gwynn1101.
Advertisement
Photo by MiRo740.
Odds and ends
Advertisement
Objects that seemingly have only one specific purpose—keeping your wine fresh, dispensing tissues, and the like—are no match for our space-minding, clutter-savvy readers:
" 2 wine corks can make a quick and easy laptop stand ."—Brad N. (and previously explained in detail by reader George).
can make a ."—Brad N. (and previously explained in detail by reader George). "I save those pop-up tissue boxes for the car. They make great trash receptacles and it is easy to tell when they are full."—RubberduckGrrl.
for the car. They make and it is easy to tell when they are full."—RubberduckGrrl. "I have saved every twist-tie I've come into contact with, and I end up re-using every one. Keep your pens together in your bag. Ear bud cables organized at the gym. Chip clips. Shower curtain rings. Any tech cable that's snaking around the room. Half of that single-serve bag of coffee."—Transuranic.
I've come into contact with, and I end up re-using every one. in your bag. organized at the gym. Chip clips. Shower curtain rings. Any tech cable that's snaking around the room. Half of that single-serve bag of coffee."—Transuranic. "Nylon mesh from fruits and veggies can be used to protect glassware (mostly bottles)."—ac042186.
Advertisement
Got any other creative re-uses your fellow readers missed in the last post? Drop 'em in the comments.
To professional bitcoiners, the digital currency can be utilized as both a currency and an electronic payment system. Although finance experts and technology entrepreneurs in Silicon Valley aren't very interested in virtual currency, they do see it as a fierce payment technology competitor that can fight Visa, Citigroup and Western Union.
Bitcoin (BTC) developers and enthusiasts say they are establishing a system whereby individuals can move money across the Internet securely and cheaply and cost less than conventional wire transfers – a bitcoin transaction may cost one percent, while a debit or credit card transaction could cost a retailer three percent. This can certainly save merchants a lot of money.
However, bitcoin opponents argue this will be what kills the industry's momentum. Critics of cryptocurrency make the case that the finance industry will urge the government to pass legislation that would hinder the growth of bitcoin.
Also, those against bitcoin say the volatility could wipe out the potential cost savings for merchants.
Whatever might transpire in the near future, a Visa head recently dismissed bitcoin as competition but did note that the company is monitoring the situation. Instead, the credit card company is more confident in traditional payment networks than in digital currencies.
Speaking on a conference call Thursday, Visa CEO Charlie Scharf responded to a question from an investor regarding bitcoin. They said that it is an interesting occurrence, but it still maintains complexities. Scharf pointed to traditional payment networks because they are safer for consumers than cyrptocurrencies such as bitcoin.
“The established network rules we have, the understanding of how things operate, understanding who the participants are, the fact that the business that we do has financial institutions on either side of the transaction,” said Scharf.
In the meantime, Visa will be “paying attention to it,” but “we feel very comfortable with the business that we have here.”
For more bitcoin news follow PFhub on Twitter or bookmark this page.
Lavabit email shuts down after refusing to comply with “crimes against the American people”
By Steve James
10 August 2013
Texas-based secure email provider Lavabit has closed down its operations rather than “become complicit in crimes against the American people” by complying with demands from the US government, apparently for access to the mail company's servers and customer information.
On Wednesday, Lavabit, which has about 350,000 users, posted a notice on its website from owner Ladar Levinson.
Levinson wrote. “I have been forced to make a difficult decision: to become complicit in crimes against the American people or walk away from nearly ten years of hard work by shutting down Lavabit.”
They explained that after “significant soul searching, I have decided to suspend operations. I wish that I could legally share with you the events that led to my decision. I cannot. I feel you deserve to know what's going on—the first amendment is supposed to guarantee me the freedom to speak out in situations like this. Unfortunately, Congress has passed laws that say otherwise. As things currently stand, I cannot share my experiences over the last six weeks, even though I have twice made the appropriate requests.”
Levinson warned that “without congressional action or a strong judicial precedent, I would strongly recommend against anyone trusting their private data to a company with physical ties to the United States.”
The persecution of Lavabit by the US government is undoubtedly connected to the fact that the company's most well-known client is whistleblower Edward Snowden. It is also aimed at undermining the ability of internet users to easily engage in secure communication that cannot be accessed by the National Security Agency.
Two months ago Snowden, a former intelligence contractor at Booz Allen Hamilton, exposed the architecture of the unprecedented and all-pervasive internet surveillance regime operated by the US government's NSA and its allies around the world. Snowden is the target of an unprecedented international manhunt orchestrated from the US. They have been given temporary asylum in Russia, although their security and life remain in great danger.
Snowden is reported to have been a Lavabit user since 2010. It is likely that Lavabit has, at the very least, received orders from the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court (FISA) seeking metadata and content from Snowden's email history or similar request from the US surveillance agencies.
Those on the receiving end of FISA rulings are generally mandated to not reveal any information about what they have been asked to turn over. Should those under investigation become aware of the efforts directed against them, the government can issue a gag order insisting that nothing is made public.
Lavabit's action is likely in response to government demands that go beyond Snowden. According to the Wired website, court records show that in June Lavabit complied with a “routine search warrant targeting a child pornography suspect in a federal case in Maryland... Whatever compelled them [Levinson] to shut down now must have been exceptional.”
Lavabit may have received demands for the sort of blanket access to its services that, according to Snowden's exposures, has been given to the NSA by Google, Yahoo, Microsoft, Facebook and a swathe of major US tech corporations under their PRISM and related spying programs.
Lavabit's encrypted email provision was viewed as among the most secure in the world. The company was founded in 2004 as Nerdshack LLC, specifically in response to concerns that Google's popular Gmail service “was actively violating the privacy of its users by displaying ads related to keywords in their email,” according to the company's website.
The company's small number of developers constructed a “highly convoluted” encryption of mail stored on Lavabit's servers, making mail inaccessible even to Lavabit employees. According to the company, this “ultimately makes it a massive pain in the rear for agencies like the NSA to decrypt.”
“In theory, an attack with unlimited computing resources could use brute force to decipher the original message”, the company noted, but “in practice, the key lengths Lavabit has chosen equal enough possible inputs that a brute force attack shouldn't be feasible for a long time to come.”
The decision by Lavabit was followed by an announcement from Silent Circle, which offers a range of secure communication services, that it was pulling out of email provision entirely. Silent Circle was co-founded by Phil Zimmerman, the developer of PGP encryption software. According to a statement from the company, it had not yet been contacted by US law enforcement agencies, but “could see the writing on the wall.” It suspended email because it could not guarantee security of its managed encryption service, in which Silent Circle handled encryption keys and certificates for its users.
In fact, Silent Circle explained, the SMTP, POP3 and IMAP protocols in use for email cannot be secure. These protocols necessarily generate metadata on senders, recipients and timestamps for every single email created, even if the content itself is encrypted.
Silent Circle explained that it intended to continue offering secure phone, video and text services with full end-to-end encryption.
In the end, there can be no technical fix for the turn by the world's leading capitalist powers to saturation digital surveillance. The internet and related technologies point to the astonishingly progressive possibilities opened up by modern communications technology. But at the behest of a narrow super-rich minority, this is being utilized as a vast digital surveillance network where every action can be saved by the authorities for current and future targeting and repression.
Snowden's actions generated mass outrage at the extent of the operations they revealed. Opinion polls have consistently sided with Snowden against the US government. The response from the US government, however, has been to escalate its assault on free communications.
The turn to police states and universal surveillance can only be opposed by the transformation of popular anger at spying into a political mobilisation of working people in a struggle for world socialism. Only on this basis can democratic rights be preserved, expanded and modern technology used to advance the interests of all humanity.
Update, 2:55 p.m.: International Business Times (IBT) has taken down the erroneous story per Twitter:
We'd like to apologize to our readers for the inaccurate article we posted regarding Tropical Storm Flossie. The article has been removed. — IBTimes (@IBTimes) July 30, 2013
Original article, 2:47 p.m.: A weather story in the International Business Times about now post-tropical cyclone Flossie, posing as news, is so riddled with fiction, it could easily form the basis for SyFy's next preposterous disaster flick.
Headline for story on tropical storm Flossie in the International Business Times (web screenshot)
Bewilderingly, the author of the IBT article has linked Flossie, a one-time tropical storm in the Pacific Ocean, with extreme weather in the continental U.S. over the past several days.
Flossie, according to the IBT piece, is behind two flood-related deaths in North Carolina, record-setting rain in Philadelphia, and heavy rain and hail in Las Vegas.
The story's headline, Tropical Storm Flossie: 2 Dead In North Carolina After Flossie Barrels Through US Mainland, Storm Touches Down In Hawaii, could win an award for its absurdity.
Flossie never passed over the U.S. mainland and had absolutely nothing to do with any mainland U.S. weather event. As CWG's Jack Williams described earlier today:
Flossie formed roughly 1,000 miles southwest of Cabo San Lucas at the tip of Mexico's Baja Peninsula at 8 p.m. on July 24.
The storm has since moved westward over the Pacific, never for a moment impacting the mainland U.S.
Meteorologists and science writers on Twitter have been swift to ridicule the IBT piece:
Tropical Storm Flossie made historic crossing of U.S., from NC to Hawaii. http://t.co/YNtZthqVJR (via @RyanMaue) So bad. — Eric Berger (@chronsciguy) July 30, 2013
Journalism Fail 101 —> http://t.co/dWPLZViWjV — Brad Panovich (@wxbrad) July 30, 2013
News people need to leave weather/climate stories alone. Please. “@wxbrad: worst article about weather… http://t.co/9Hu1fOflcW” — James Spann (@spann) July 30, 2013
Weather folks, the amount of fail in this article is just…it's just…wow. http://t.co/zYcLLCc3Xh (HT @IrishEagle) — Sean Breslin (@Sean_Breslin) July 30, 2013
@islivingston @bryanwx @RyanMaue A tornado carrying sharks over LA is a more plausible scenario than Flossie's supposed NC-Hawaii trek — Steve (@SteveTSRA) July 30, 2013
Portugal's Interior Minister Constanca Urbano de Sousa has resigned after wildfires killed more than a hundred people in the past months.
Since Sunday, hundreds of fires have raged across northern and central Portugal after the driest summer in nearly 90 years, killing at least 41 people and overwhelming firefighting and rescue services.
In June, a forest fire killed 64 people.
The Interior Ministry is in charge of firefighters, the police and civil protection agency, which have all faced criticism after the fires.
In their resignation letter, the minister said: “I didn't have the political and personal conditions to continue in my post.”
Prime Minister Antonio Costa said in a statement they accepted the minister's resignation.
An opposition politician launched a motion of no-confidence in the Socialist government on Tuesday.
This year's fires have burned a total of 350,000 hectares, the worst since 2003.
Arizona is getting it's first major Overwatch event in the form of the Fiesta Bowl Overwatch. This collegiate event by Tespa will showcase the highest levels of collegiate play and will be part of the Tespa Overwatch Collegiate Series. The semi-finals will be played in Arizona after 4 teams have emerged from the 318 schools each fighting for their prize of a fully paid scholarship.
“With the explosive growth of esports, we identified this opportunity to broaden our footprint and get involved right at our sweet spot – intercollegiate competition. Partnering with Blizzard Entertainment once again puts us at the top of the college game, in a slightly different arena. Now is a perfect time to become a part of a new frontier for college gaming. These are highly-talented and dedicated students showcasing their skills.”
-Mike Nealy, Fiesta Bowl Executive Director.
▲ The Fiesta Bowl is one of the largest events in Arizona and it's partnership with Overwatch is a big deal. However, the Overwatch matches will not be taking place in the actual stadium.
On Saturday, February 17th, the Arizona State University Campus will host the games. Kicking off the event will be an exhibition match between longtime rivals ASU and University of Arizona. Like most college rivalries, these two schools look for any reason to compete and this marks the first time they will do so over Overwatch on such a public stage.
“The passion and tradition of college football are a perfect match to the drama and excitement of Overwatch collegiate esports. We're excited to see some of the top college Overwatch players competing for scholarships and glory as part of the Fiesta Bowl festivities.”
Mike Morhaime, CEO and cofounder of Blizzard Entertainment.
For more information on this event, check out Tespa's official tournament page.
WikiLeaks founder Julian Assange warned it would be a "stupid maneuver" for Democrats to continue to hound President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE for Russian hacking on various Democratic agencies.
“[Y]ou watch. They will seize on this and harp on it for the next four years. I think that's a mistake. I think that's a mistake not just in fact, that's a mistake for the U.S. Democratic Party. I think it's a stupid maneuver. It's the same reason why they lost the election,” they said in a wide-ranging interview with Sean Hannity on Fox News's "Hannity" that aired Tuesday.
“Instead of focusing on substance, they focused on other things which they think are short-term wins, but they're not strategic, a little comment by Trump here and there, for example, or this attempt to say how outrageous it is that the American public received true information before an election.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Though Trump continues to question whether Russia hacked the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton Hillary Diane Rodham ClintonSanders: 'I fully expect' fair treatment by DNC in 2020 after 'not quite even handed' 2016 primary Sanders: 'Damn right' I'll make the large corporations pay 'fair share of taxes' Former Sanders campaign spokesperson: Clinton staff are 'biggest a--holes in American politics' MORE campaign chairperson John Podesta, among others, experts, politicians from both sides of the aisle and U.S. intelligence agencies widely believe the attacks came from Russian intelligence agencies.
The CIA and the FBI are reportedly in agreement that the cyberattacks were aimed at helping Trump's White House bid.
There is bipartisan support for congressional investigations into the allegations — including party stalwarts like Sen. John McCain John Sidney McCainGOP lobbyists worry Trump lags in K Street fundraising Mark Kelly kicks off Senate bid: ‘A mission to lift up hardworking Arizonans' Gabbard hits back at Meghan McCain after fight over Assad MORE (R-Ariz.) and House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul (R-Texas). McCaul has advised Trump as part of the president-elect's foreign policy team.
In sections of the interview released earlier in the day, Assange said the “obvious” reason the administration was concerned about the link between Russia and cyberattacks is because Obama is "trying to delegitimize the Trump administration as it goes into the White House.”
Assange noted during the interview that the administration's recent report about the attacks — in which the FBI and the Department of Homeland Security detailed how they believe hackers gained access — did not mention WikiLeaks specifically.
“What was missing from all of those statements? The word 'WikiLeaks.' It's very strange,” they said.
And they called the administration memo, which also outlined ways to identify a Russian attack, "a bad report," something with which even those who believe Russia was behind the attack agree. Cloudiness in the report led a Vermont electric utility to incorrectly believe an employee had been attacked by Russia.
The report was issued at the same time that Obama announced new sanctions and other punitive measures against Russia.
Assange has insisted that documents published on WikiLeaks did not come from Russia. And in a prior interview for Hannity's radio show, Assange also said that the leaks did not come from Guccifer 2.0, the hacker or hackers who published files from the DNC and Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee. Assange said they have never met with Guccifer 2.0 and said the individual or group may very well have been Russia intelligence.
They also denied directly communicating with operatives from the Trump campaign and Russian government as they released files. They said they never spoke with Roger Stone, a Trump supporter who previously claimed to have “back channel” communications with Assange through a mutual friend.
“No, that's false,” said Assange, later adding that a mutual friend had contacted them about setting up a radio show, which might have led to confusion.
Stone's comments led many Democratic lawmakers to call for an investigation of the Trump campaign about involvement with Russia. Speaking with The Hill Tuesday night, Stone repeated their claims.
“Assange told my friend, not me, they had unspecified political dynamite," they said, later saying that perhaps Assange didn't think of their communication the same way they did. “Maybe they did not see it as formally as I did.”
Leyonhjelm threatens crossbench 'war' with Government if Brough changes Senate voting rules
Updated
Liberal Democratic senator David Leyonhjelm says the crossbench will be at "war" with the Federal Government if it changes the way senators are elected.
It comes after the new Special Minister of State Mal Brough revealed they hoped to have changes to the Senate voting rules in place before the next election.
Mr Brough argues the current system, which has seen eight minor party senators elected, is complicated, does not always reflect a voter's intentions, and has been "gamed".
"People of the hard left, for argument's sake, are inadvertently having their vote cast in such a way that it elects a hard right and vice versa, which is totally against what they actually wished to do," Mr Brough said.
"I think you'd find some people horrified to learn that their vote actually ended up where it did."
Senator Leyonhjelm said the Government risked the crossbench blocking its legislative agenda if it embarked on Mr Brough's plan.
"We would retaliate. I think the entire crossbench would become totally hostile, if we thought this was a realistic chance of proceeding," they said.
"We would vote against Government bills, we would be uncooperative on procedural matters.
"It'll be war, there'll be no concessions, no nice guy, it'll be hostilities like you've never seen before."
Family First senator Bob Day challenged Mr Brough's assertion the current system led to votes ending up with parties to which voters did not want them to go.
"Anyone with a computer can look up whom the party has preferenced," they said.
Senator Day said Mr Brough's proposed changes would entrench the Greens as the permanent balance of power party in the Senate.
As to whether such a move would influence the way they voted on legislation, Senator Day said it was irrelevant because they did not think the Government would carry it out.
Brough's plan a 'power grab': Muir
Motoring Enthusiast Senator Ricky Muir said Mr Brough's plan would represent a "power grab".
"If it wasn't for the Senate crossbench, there would be a six-month wait for Newstart, a GP co-payment, major cuts to Family Tax Benefit and a deregulated university system," they said.
"Last time the Government had a majority in the Senate, the Australian people got Work Choices.
"I would like to remind the new Special Minister of State, and indeed the Prime Minister, that although it can be difficult negotiating with a diverse crossbench, sometimes we protect the Government from themselves.
"I feel any reform, no matter how it is sold to the people, is nothing more than a power grab to protect the major parties."
Palmer United Party Senator Dio Wang said the first they heard about the proposal was through the media.
"It's actually the first time I've heard Mal Brough talking about this idea and never met them before," Senator Wang said.
"I think probably a lesson I learned on the Abbott government's behalf or in their perspective, is never talk to the crossbench through the media. If they want a conversation, have it face to face."
Senator Wang said they would work "constructively" with the new Turnbull Government and the Federal Opposition, despite threats by Senator Leyonhjelm to obstruct legislation.
"I think it's probably too early to speculate about the crossbench actions because I don't think, frankly, the Government is going to push ahead with this reform," they said.
Greens, Xenophon back proposal to change rules
The Greens and Independent Senator Nick Xenophon have backed Mr Brough's push to change the rules.
"Get rid of the group voting tickets, where basically preference whisperers and backroom deals can rule the roost, and let's have instead a system where there's a minimum of three or a minimum of six above the line, with a minimum of 12 below the line," Senator Xenophon said.
Independent Senator Glenn Lazarus told the ABC they would consider changes to the Senate voting system but was sceptical about the Government's motives.
"Look I'm happy to look at changes I think the people need to have more say in who represents them in the Senate," they said.
"This is just the way the Government is trying to be less accountable by not having a crossbench of senators as large as what we have got," Senator Lazarus said.
Independent Senator John Madigan said they were willing to discuss the issue with Government.
"As with any issue, I'm willing to discuss this with the Government and I will consider any proposed reform package on its merits should it eventuate."
Topics: government-and-politics, federal-government, federal-parliament, laws, australia
First posted
by
When it comes to retro-style games, WayForward Technologies has always excelled in providing gamers with unique and memorable experiences. Many remember WayForward with their cult classic franchise, Shantae, while others know them for their recently released Double Dragon Neon, Silent Hill: Book of Memories or my personal favorite title of theirs, Bloodrayne: Betrayal (which was ranked in my Top 10 PSN/XBLA Downloadable Titles article). While WayForward isn't an exclusive platform developer by any means, they've always had a fond reputation of releasing their titles on Nintendo platforms and their most recent, Mighty Switch Force: Hyper Drive Edition, continues that trend. Taking their successful 3DS eShop title that released almost a year ago, WayForward has gone back and completely remastered the game in time for the Wii U's release. However, is it a good fit for the Wii U and should owners of the 3DS version purchase this as well?
Mighty Switch Force: Hyper Drive Edition is a 2D action/platformer at heart; One which starts off with a simple, yet unique premise. You'll control Patricia Wagon, a robot officer who's trying to track down and arrest the escaped blonde bomb-shell convicts. Equipped with a simple blaster and your trusty “switch” helmet, you'll have to platform your way through 16 incidents, as well as five additional bonus incidents. Gameplay wise, you'll traverse the levels capturing the five convicts scattered around the area and then escape with your robot cop sidekick (or as I called him, Robocop). While platforming, you'll notice blocks that are faded into the background. With the simple press of a button, you can switch the blocks to appear in the foreground and utilize them to make your way through the area. However, this simple concept will soon become a real test of your platforming skills, as you'll have to master switching the blocks from foreground to background on the fly. Sometimes you'll have to be mid-jump when transitioning this. Later on, you'll need to be absolutely precise in timing the button pressing so that the background block doesn't smash your character against the screen when transitioning to the foreground.
It wouldn't be a WayForward game if their platforming and overall gameplay didn't ramp up dramatically in difficulty as you advance and their testament still stands here. You'll get three hearts to get through an area, of which enemies, spikes, or accidentally smashing yourself against the screen when switching a block can take a heart away. There are heart discs that enemies can drop or are laying around the area so there's a chance to revitalize yourself when needed. There are also checkpoints in each area but that's only if you get smashed on screen or touch the spikes where they actually come into effect. If you lose all three hearts, you'll have to repeat the level from the beginning. Luckily, a majority of the incidents are only a few minutes long, with the exception of the bonus levels and the final level, Incident 16. These are much more intensive and provide more of an endurance in terms of how much longer you'll need to survive the insane platforming.
While the escaped convicts won't do anything to resist arrest (other than be in locations that require your platforming skills), there are creatures that can harm you. Enemies can vary from little flying creatures that lock-on to you as you approach them, to walking bombs, to a robotic dinosaur-type enemy that charges at you, and to a heavily armored spiky-shelled robot. However, every enemy won't be dealt with directly with your blaster. While the flying creatures and walking bombs can be shot at easily, the robotic dinosaur-type enemies will require you to either shoot them from behind or trick them into running into a switch block and then launch them into the screen. The same goes for the spiky-shelled creatures. They can only be defeated by tricking them into a block and smashing them against the screen. To make them even more interesting, WayForward made enemies essential into advancing your way through an area. For example, you may need to have bombs walk up to a large rocky block and shoot them when they're near it to clear the way. You may need to utilize specific switch blocks that launch objects to guide enemies to a certain area to clear a path, or smash them against a screen to open a locked door. It's these moments that really provide a grand sense of satisfaction and open up your mind into more creative ways to advance through a stage.
Visually, WayForward has always been known for having a mastery with 2D sprites and Mighty Switch Force: Hyper Drive Edition continues to showcase the stunning talent their studio has. All the sprites and backgrounds from the 3DS version have been completely redrawn from scratch to provide a true HD quality to them. Everything here looks ultra-crisp, clean and vibrant, whether you're playing on the TV or on your GamePad. The entire game runs equally smooth with not a single hitch either. Jake Kaufman returns to provide yet another great soundtrack for a WayForward title. Providing a little bit of techno, dubstep and retro sounding tracks, Mighty Switch Force has a really catchy soundtrack that'll be stuck in your head even when you're not playing the game. “Stop! In the name of the law!” may sound cheesy when Patricia delivers the line, but it's so campy, it's good.
While the game doesn't take a terribly long time to beat, hardcore players can attempt to tackle the “Par” times for every incident. These will take the utmost perfection and memorization to complete and if you do beat the times, you should be very proud of yourself. These are not for the feint of heart. Upon completing the final stage is when you'll earn the five bonus missions. However, if you go back and replay any completed stage after beating the game, you'll get a more powerful blaster that can blast through any enemies in your path, as well as destroy blocks that were previously only breakable from bombs. It's a cool addition and one that'll most certainly help to achieve the Par times on the stages. As a side-note, I do appreciate that WayForward is the first developer to choose a more unique name for their community on the Miiverse. Instead of just calling it “Mighty Switch Force: Hyper Drive Edition Community”, they've opted to call it “Mighty Switch Force HD Headquarters”. It's a subtle detail but a noteworthy one that needs to be mentioned.
Simply put, Mighty Switch Force: Hyper Drive Edition is 2D platforming bliss. WayForward knows their 2D games and continues to excel in this department. While this edition may not exactly add enough content to warrant a new purchase for those who own the 3DS version, the new visuals really do make the game pop-out on both the GamePad and TV. If you've never played the 3DS version and like your 2D platformers, then by all means pick this up now. It may be a short game, but it's also just so gratifying to play thanks to the brilliant level designs, unique “switch” mechanic, beautiful visuals and incredibly catchy soundtrack. Seeing the visuals and talent WayForward continues to showcase, it's time to get excited about a Shantae release on the Wii U.
Overall Score: 9.0 out of 10 = BUY IT!
Friday's deployment of USS Freedom (LCS 1) will revive a tradition of camouflaging warships. Outside of smaller patrol boats, the U.S. largely abandoned elaborate color schemes and stuck with haze gray.
But with the advent of the Littoral Combat Ship, a combatant designed to operate close to shore, the concept has returned. To put Freedom's new look in context, the following are some examples of patterns from the past.
Birth of ‘Dazzle'
At the outbreak of World War I, navies struggled how to conceal their ships on the open seas. Painting vessels grey helped reduce visibility, but it was difficult to consistently blend with ever-changing environments and weather conditions. Prominent trails of smoke and wake also left ships vulnerable to being identified by enemies.
In 1917, the British Royal Navy pioneered the “Dazzle” camouflage paint scheme which often consisted of bold stripes and bright colors. The patterns were not intended to hide the ship, but rather to disrupt the outline so that size, range, speed and heading would be difficult to determine – preventing the enemy from accurately targeting the vessel. The United States was one of several nations to adopt the practice and experiment with different patterns through the end of World War II. “Dazzle” schemes largely faded from use because there was no clear evidence of their effectiveness, especially against technological advances in radar and rangefinders. “Dazzle” was however credited with boosting morale of crews who took pride in the unique and intimidating appearance of their ship.
Steam tug USS Narkeeta operating in New York in 1917
S.F. Mayor Ed Lee may have no challengers in re-election bid
Mayor Ed Lee will not be challenged by Mark Leno. Mayor Ed Lee will not be challenged by Mark Leno. Photo: Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle Photo: Lea Suzuki / The Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close S.F. Mayor Ed Lee may have no challengers in re-election bid 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
It's a bird! It's a plane! It's Mayor Ed Lee?
State Sen. Mark Leno has decided not to challenge Lee in the mayor's race next year — and so far, it's looking like nobody else wants to enter the fray. All the most likely suspects, from City Attorney Dennis Herrera to Public Defender Jeff Adachi to former Mayor Art Agnos and former Assemblyman Tom Ammiano, are saying, “No, thanks.”
What makes Lee such a daunting, seemingly invincible candidate? (Thankfully, one who opts to don suits rather than tights and a cape.)
After all, nothing about the 5-foot-5 former city administrator known for their bushy mustache, corny jokes and choice of Chevy Volt as their official mayoral vehicle screams, “Don't mess with me!”
Lee didn't even want the job when they were appointed interim mayor, had to be persuaded to run for a four-year term and studiously avoids the limelight. He's far more likely to attend a neighborhood ribbon-cutting than appear on national television.
And yet, he's considered pretty much unbeatable in the November mayor's race. That determination is largely what led political consultant John Whitehurst and their partners to tell Leno, a longtime client, they wouldn't run their campaign if they challenged Lee.
Whitehurst acknowledged that Lee is an unlikely political Goliath, noting it's surprising the former bureaucrat “has become one of the most formidable politicians in San Francisco.”
Former Supervisor Aaron Peskin, who had encouraged Leno to run, said Lee isn't invincible, he's just really good at staying off the radar.
“It's kind of 'keep your head low, keep your head out of the press, don't do anything,'” Peskin said of Lee's style. “It's kind of the hegemony of nothingness.”
Whether he's invincible or has just lulled potential opponents into a deep slumber, Lee has several things working in their favor.
Incumbency: Elected officials almost always win re-election in San Francisco, including all the supervisors who were on the ballot last month. In fact, it's been 19 years — a lifetime in politics — since a San Francisco mayor lost a bid for re-election.
Former police chief Frank Jordan lost the mayor's seat to Assembly leader Willie Brown in 1995. Jordan had a shaky first term, was seen by some as steering the city too far to the right, and made the still-unbelievable choice to jump in a shower stark naked with two disc jockeys and sing Frank Sinatra's “My Way” on live radio just weeks before the election.
In 2007, Mayor Gavin Newsom, Brown's successor, had just weathered an embarassing sex scandal and trip to rehab for alcohol addiction. And still, they easily won re-election.
We doubt that Lee will be caught up in any sex scandals or head to rehab in the next year. But a word to the wise: avoid showering with DJs.
Chinese support: Twenty percent of the city's voters are Chinese American. And they love Lee.
David Lee, a political science instructor at San Francisco State University and the head of the Chinese American Voters Education Committee, said the local Chinese press covers the city's first Chinese American mayor glowingly and that polls of Chinese voters consistently show a favorability rate for the mayor of higher than 70 percent.
The mayor campaigned heavily in Chinese neighborhoods for the five ballot measures they supported last month, and Chinese voters overwhelmingly approved them.
In addition to Chinese voters, the mayor can count on strong support from homeowners, the tech community and unions. Political consultants say that easily gets them over 50 percent.
Tech money: Individual donors to political candidates in San Francisco can give just $500 apiece. But there's another way to support candidates: the loathed-and-feared independent expenditure committee.
Lee enjoys major support from the tech community, including angel investor and multimillionaire Ron Conway, who critics say carries way too much sway at City Hall. Conway has funded numerous independent expenditure committees, including one that helped defeat Supervisor David Campos in their Assembly bid against tech darling David Chiu.
Billionaire venture capitalist Sean Parker , who founded Napster and was Facebook's first president, gave $100,000 to support Lee in 2011 and said he'll support them again. Other tech luminaries are also expected to spend big to re-elect Lee.
Economic boom: Lee took office during the end of the recession and vowed their focus would be “jobs, jobs, jobs.” That worked so well, the city's unemployment rate is now a miniscule 4.3 percent. The city's coffers are once against full (the annual budget is a whopping $8.6 billion), and services are no longer being cut.
Of course, with the rapid economic turnaround has come more evictions, sky-high rents and the fastest-growing income gap in the nation. Several political consultants who have seen recent polls said that voters are starting to show more concern about the city's direction.
Whitehurst said a poll conducted by their firm, BMWL, in November 2013 found that 54 percent of voters thought the city was going in the right direction, and 30 percent thought it was on the wrong track. A poll from October showed that those numbers were 45 and 33 percent, respectively.
Voters who are concerned about the city's direction don't seem to blame Lee, however. Polls conducted in the Campos/Chiu Assembly race found fairly strong support for Lee among Campos backers, even though Campos was stressing income inequality and lack of affordability in their campaign.
Lee's re-election campaign is already anticipating the affordability questions. Dan Newman, who is running Lee's re-election bid along with partners Ace Smith and Sean Clegg, said the campaign will let voters know that addressing these challenges is the mayor's “life's work.”
“He was an affordable housing and tenants rights advocate long before they entered public service — decades before Twitter first tweeted,” Newman wrote in an e-mail.
Newman said their team expects that challengers to Lee will emerge, and they don't take a win for granted.
Quintin Mecke, a progressive who ran the failed campaign to pass an antispeculation tax last month, said it's important that somebody challenges Lee so the city can have a discussion about its future. Mecke was so irked that nobody was challenging Newsom in 2007 that they decided to do it. They lost big, but he's glad they tried.
“We're a major metropolitan city, and the idea that there would be an uncontested mayor's race is a little embarrassing,” they said.
So will they throw their hat in the ring again?
“I've taken one for the team,” they said. “Someone else can step up.”
So here goes. Beginning with this post, I intend to expose Glenn Beck as a fraud. A dangerous faker who deliberately manipulates their audience by appealing to their basest instincts. As a man who only embraces conservatism and the tea party movement as a means to furthering their significant personal wealth and career as a successful TV goon.
My theory is as follows. Glenn Beck is engaged in a carefully orchestrated performance that, if taken to its logical end, can only end up in tragedy -- a tragedy, not in the name of some great political or social or religious cause, as too many of their viewers might believe, but rather in the name of pure careerism and greed. A tragedy in the name of Glenn Beck's personal drive for fame and fortune, not to mention the similar motivations of Roger Ailes and Rupert Murdoch.
Right. I get it. I should probably ignore him. Why should I waste time writing about Glenn Beck again? As hard as it is to believe, most days I intentionally ignore Glenn Beck posts and videos on the blogs. My recurring reaction is generally twofold. One: he's exhausting to watch because just as I'm wrapping my head around one line of googly-eyed horseshit, they belt out another ridiculous, melodramatic or dangerous line, and before I know it, I'm faced with a log-jam of crazy, forcing me to scramble for either an oxygen mask or a stiff drink. And, two: why pay attention to the television equivalent of an escaped mental patient screaming gibberish on the median strip at a busy intersection?
But to underestimate Glenn Beck as just some sort of random extra from Cuckoo's Nest, as I admittedly have done, is a mistake as it barely scratches the surface of what their scam is all about. A schizoid raving street loon tends to command attention purely for the freak show curiosity of passers by, yet the nonsense is rarely taken seriously.
This isn't the case with Glenn Beck. Several million people every day take their word for it. They're suckered into buying the ruse. And it's bad for America.
What their regular viewers haven't grasped yet is that he's putting on a show. He's playing a role. He's tricking their audience. Unlike a left-leaning audience, Beck's audience is mostly composed of white conservative Christians who pride themselves on taking certain things on faith, and who often act against their own financial interests for the sake of patriotic cheerleading. It's an audience that embraces gun ownership and tends to be more reactionary and militaristic. (Incidentally, there's no equivalent to this on the "other side" simply because it's not in the nature of liberals to be, you know, conservative.)
But it's hard to blame Beck's audience for being fished in. There's no wink and nod, so he's clearly not attempting some sort of obviously satirical character like Stephen Colbert or even a more bizarre character like Andy Kaufman's Tony Clifton. They perform this role as seamlessly as any decent character actor, but they never tips their hand (we're generally told when an actor is acting). Just an occasional mention of themselves as a "rodeo clown." There's no crawl at the end listing "Glenn Beck as 'Glenn Beck.'" It's not a fiction program.
Glenn Beck is playing a character with a personality and a style that is laser focused at the souls of an intended audience. It doesn't take many minutes of viewing their television show to see that he's mashing up the most effective and successful aspects of Rush Limbaugh, Alex Jones and '60s Bircher author Cleon Skousen, and filtering it all through the performance techniques of a televangelist. Listen to any random monologue by Glenn Beck and then watch some clips of televangelist Jack Van Impe. Both are master manipulators and (crazy aside) riveting speakers. They each nail their audiences with rapid-fire barrages of nonsense presented as dramatic fact -- so twisted and obscured that it begins to seem real and anything that might not seem entirely plausible, just have faith. After all, there are complicated drawings on a blackboard! Oh, and they cry. So they must be serious. (We learned last year that the crying is fake.)
This is all stuff that's been proven to resonate with (and utterly manipulate) certain American audiences who also willingly hand over their cash to obvious flimflam artists claiming to provide salvation. Glenn Beck is just pooling these techniques and applying them to American politics.
Instead of asking for donations, by the way, Beck just markets all varieties of crap-on-a-stick to their people. Beck has released seven books since 2007. Seven books in three years! Add to the mix three DVD releases and 26 compact disc releases. There's their subscription-only "Insider Extreme" website which charges $75 per year. There's a print magazine called "Fusion" (20 issues for $66). There are the obligatory t-shirts, mugs and other forms of cheap swag. All of this is heaped on top of a multimillion dollar Fox News contract and a syndicated radio deal worth $50 million over five years. Capitalism is one thing, but Beck is manipulating their audience to hand over their cash in exchange for swag that can't possibly be worth the price, considering the volume of their output (seven books in three years!). As the saying goes: how hard they pray depends on how much you pay.
One of the reasons why the network news media was generally, in decades past, kept separate from the ratings and profit-motive of entertainment divisions was that to cross these streams, so to speak, would lead to the corruption of the news, forcing it to be driven by what sells, not necessarily by what's true. And, it goes without saying that such a corruption of the news is inherently damaging to democracy.
To that point, Glenn Beck likes to say that he's the new Howard Beale, the tragic and suicidal anchor from the movie Network. He's not. In fact, Paddy Chayefsky's screenplay was a prescient warning about the rise of charlatans like Glenn Beck infiltrating the news media -- regardless of whether or not they're presented as "opinion journalists." Actually, Beck goes far beyond the scope of opinion journalism as well, and has settled in a danger zone where they incite easily-manipulated, often militaristic audiences based on theories and claims that don't hold up to even the most cursory fact-checking, say nothing of empirical reality.
In terms of their impact, Beck isn't Howard Beale at all. He's closer to Lee Atwater.
In the riveting, must-see documentary, Boogie Man, about the rise and fall of the infamous Republican political operative, it's revealed that Atwater once considered politics to be nothing more than a game. Professional wrestling. Atwater, we learn, would have been perfectly happy doing what they did for either political party. Republican or Democrat. It didn't matter to him. After all, it was just a game. A show. And they were really good at producing a hell of a show -- no matter how many lives they left in their wake.
Yet at the end of their life, Atwater realized that treating politics like a wrestling match was a mistake. In politics, unlike wrestling, the societal damage is real. The lives are real.
Bloated and crippled from their cancer treatment, Atwater regretted using the Southern Strategy -- exploiting race as a wedge. They regretted making so many enemies, one of which being Ed Rollins who they had double-crossed during the waning years of the Reagan administration. They regretted the creation of their own reality at the expense of empirical reality.
While they were very successful in treating national affairs like a cornball burlesque show and throwing all professional ethics aside in the name of winning, the lesson of Lee Atwater is that such behavior is ultimately destructive.
The Glenn Beck Show might seem like the political equivalent of professional wrestling, but it's not even that sincere. At least with wrestling, we're all most aware that wrestling follows a script even though some of the moves require a high caliber of strength and athleticism (and occasionally resulting in real injuries to the performers). The difference between Beck and wrestling is that with Beck the fakery isn't common knowledge and the consequences of what they talk about on their show are very real.
This week, Beck attacked the president's deceased mother and grandparents as being Marxists. Which other innocent bystanders will turn up on your commie hit list, Glenn? Who will you attack next with McCarthy-style abandon in the name of bilking your audience, Glenn? And do you honestly expect that your audience will remain passive observers of all of this?
BEREA, Ohio - Browns receiver Davone Bess has missed practice each of the past two days for personal reasons, and now a photo posted on their Instagram account Friday morning is causing a stir.
The photo was deleted shortly after it was posted, as was Bess' Instagram account.
A source told cleveland.com that Bess has been dealing all season long with a serious issue involving one of their family members back home in Oakland, Calif., and that the situation has taken a tremendous toll on Bess this season.
The photo shows Bess sitting outside on a deck lighting something that looks like a cigarette or cigarillo. A photo of late reggae legend Bob Marley sits next to him, and a flag with the colors of the Rastafari movement lies around their neck. The Rastafari Movement is a spiritual ideology with roots in the 1930s Jamaica.
No other information about the photo is available.
Bess is listed as questionable for Sunday's game against the Jets. Coach Rob Chudzinski said they would know more about Bess' situation Saturday. The source told cleveland.com that Bess is still in Cleveland.
If Bess doesn't make the trip to New York to play the Jets, Josh Cooper will replace him, Chudzinski said.
“Yeah, Cooper, and we have some flexibility with (WR) Greg Little as well,'' said Chudzinski.
The Browns said they have no further details on the photo or Bess' situation. Bess, who spent time in a juvenile detention facility but now devotes a lot of their free time to helping kids, grew up in a rough section of Oakland and still has family members dealing with the dangerous streets they roamed as a kid.
Bess leads the league with 14 drops, and has been limited to 28 or fewer yards in 11 of 14 games.
Bess, 28, was traded to the Browns from Miami along with the Dolphins' fourth-round pick and seventh-round pick in exchange for a Browns' fourth and sixth in the 2013 draft.
Bess received a contract extension through 2016 worth $11.5 million, including $5.75 million guaranteed.
CLEVELAND, Ohio - Cleveland has been approved as the site of the 2018 Ohio Craft Brewers Association's annual conference by the group's board, according to the organization's executive director.
Mary MacDonald said a contract is not signed, but the board OK'd the city selection.
The conference is scheduled to be at Huntington Cleveland Convention Center on Lakeside Avenue on Tuesday-Wednesday, Jan. 30-31.
The non-profit association represents and lobbies on behalf of the state's breweries, which number more than 200 and keeps rising.
The annual conference brings brewers and brewery owners in one place for several days of panel discussions. But it also attracts many people in tertiary professions that affect the industry, from lawyers who guide nascent brewery owners on avoiding pitfalls of starting a business to hop growers and many others.
And it's come a long way. In 2013, the group hired MacDonald as executive director. MacDonald, who grew up in Cleveland Heights, has coordinated the annual conferences and acted as a liaison between brewers - no small task considering the scope of the organization and the fact that it continues to grow. They attended a similar one in Michigan, took away the positives, and approached their board about the idea of Ohio having its own.
They bought into it.
"When they hired me I was the first executive director, I didn't have a road map," they said. "I kind of made my own way."
The path they paved is one that values education and quality.
"I was excited two years when we hit 100 breweries," MacDonald said. "Now we're at 220."
In 2015, MacDonald said, 130 attendees gathered in Wooster. A year later, Jim Koch of Boston Beer Co. delivered the keynote address before 350 people in Dayton. This February, the conference drew 500 people in Cincinnati.
About Koch's speech
"I still expect 500 to 600 people," they said about 2018's gathering. "The nice thing about Cleveland is we have the opportunity to grow the trade show."
The conference encompasses "the whole craft industry," they said. "It's people who make labels or sell insurance or grow hops."
Mike Foran, one of the four owners of Market Garden Brewery, lauded the growth of the conference.
"I think it's been great to see it grow for the last several years," they said. "What started as a guild meeting is now a full-on convention."
This year, the trade show itself included 55 vendors, MacDonald said, but the convention center offers considerable room for growth.
The size of the conference and city sites is commensurate to Ohio's flourishing craft-brewing industry. While the industry's growth is not relegated to urban areas, it's no secret that the brewery presence in Cleveland and Columbus is very strong. Northeast Ohio has about a fourth of the state's 220 breweries, with startups continually popping up in neighborhoods across Greater Cleveland.
In addition to representing breweries, the association holds one of the state's best beer festivals in Cleveland: Winter Warmer Fest. The event, a fundraiser for the OCBA, packs in a crowd at the Powerhouse in the Flats. It's not only well-attended by beer lovers but by brewers themselves who serve an array of creative styles.
The conference itself is organized with specific panels covering everything from dry hopping to brewery automation. Northeast Ohio brewers have turned out in full force - both in attending panels and in speaking on them.
As with most conferences, it comes with an economic boost for the host city. MacDonald said many of the organization's "allied" members are expected to come in. These include everyone from architects to equipment manufacturers, media members, transportation companies and others.
"If we bring in 500 people and our allied members are from around the U.S. and everywhere in between," they said, "plus brewers from around the state buying hotel rooms, going out to dinner, doing things people from out of the area do at conferences, going to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ..."
And the breweries themselves get to shine with well-orchestrated bus routes looping through neighborhoods. In Dayton, for instance, buses ran continuously to breweries, brewers bellying up to several bars to sample and compare various styles.
In Cleveland the same option exists. The Cleveland Brew Bus and other shuttles could be employed to wind attendees through the city's various neighborhoods, with the added idea that a 35-minute ride to Akron could be considered for that city's breweries.
Collision Bend Brewing Co.'s Luke Purcell, who formerly sat on the OCBA's board and was instrumental in planning for past conferences, was ecstatic about the news.
"That's huge," they said. "It's very exciting news to me. It's awesome for all breweries and the whole state but also the whole city."
Please take a moment and click here to help the Greater Cleveland Food Bank, a cleveland.com partner. Every dollar you give buys four meals for the hungry.
They may be creepy and crawly, but spiders produce some of the world's strongest material: silk. Weight for weight, spider silk is five times as strong as piano wire. Now, scientists at Arizona Statue University have announced that they have found a way to obtain a wide variety of elastic properties of the silk of several intact spiders' webs using a sophisticated laser light scattering technique.
Scientists used an extremely lower power laser (less than 3.5 milliwats) and aimed it through spider webs. With this technique, they were able to spatially map the elastic stiffness of each web without disturbing it. They found variations among discreet fibers, junctions, and glue spots.
Overall, they studied four different types of spider's webs. They included Nephila clavipes, A. aurantia (gilded silver face), L. Hesperus (western black widow) and P. viridans (green lynx spider). All of these spiders' webs possessed major silk elastic properties.
But the researchers didn't only study the structure of silk, they also studied supercontraction, a property unique to silk. Spider silk soaks up water when exposed to high humidity, and this absorbed water can lead to shrinkage in an unrestrained fiber-up to 50 percent shrinkage in N. clavipes silk. Yet the spider silk is versatile, and this supercontraction helps the spider tailor the actual properties of the silk it produces during spinning.
Their information could help provide a blueprint for the structural engineering of a large array of materials. It could create everything from clothing to rope, and could allow materials to be stronger, stretchier, and more elastic.
The study was published in the online issue of Nature materials.
Wes Sheridan is still surprised. No, make that perplexed. You can hear it in the PEI finance minister's voice on the day after the federal government's abrupt decision to shelve all the work that's been done on CPP reform.
"We had full consensus from 10 provinces and three territories to continue work on enhancing the Canadian Pension Plan, and the feds just shut it down,'' Sheridan said Tuesday. ''That's never happened in the past.''
Never might be a stretch. But it has taken a few years — seven in fact — for federal-provincial relations to revert back to the barely concealed hostility Canadians had come to expect whenever the two levels of government met.
Just three years ago Jim Flaherty agreed to consider a modest, mandatory increase in CPP premiums to pay for higher retirement benefits in the future. Federal-provincial officials have been working out the exact details ever since.
To do nothing, Flaherty said back then, condemned some Canadians to a retirement without enough money to take care of themselves.
This week, however, a different story altogether from the federal finance minister after meeting again with their provincial counterparts.
They spoke about having had "frank discussions'' on CPP reform. Which everyone familiar with Ottawa-speak knows means no progress or agreement, let alone any consensus.
Flaherty's no longer taking the proactive approach they preached back in 2010. Their official position on CPP reform after Monday's one hour discussion is: Not now, perhaps not ever. Years anyway. Don't ask.
Down the road
As Flaherty elaborated later to reporters, "one of the things I don't believe in is governments making commitments far down the road for things that are, well we might not even be the government, or they might not be the government.''
Of course, they aren't at all averse to tying the hands of future governments when it comes to, say, introducing legislation, as they did this fall, to force Ottawa to balance budgets ''in normal economic times.''
But balancing budgets is a good, Conservative mantra, worth repeating even in the midst of a string of Conservative deficits.
Raising CPP premiums, on the other hand, is seen by the feds as increasing payroll taxes paid by employees and employers alike, at a time when Flaherty says the economic recovery remains fragile.
They didn't add that tax hikes are totally un-Conservative. But they no doubt had in mind the opposition of groups such as the Canadian Federation of Independent Business, which just released a poll that suggested most small business owners, and most Canadians, oppose increased payroll taxes.
"Instead, they believe that government should control spending and reduce taxes to allow more savings,'' the CFIB said in a news release.
A 'bazooka approach'
"We believe CPP payroll taxes can hurt the economy,'' Flaherty's junior finance minister, Kevin Sorenson, dutifully told reporters after the fed-prov meeting.
Ontario Finance Minister Charles Sousa speaks as PEI's Wes Sheridan looks on following the federal-provincial finance ministers meeting on Monday. Both are vowing to push on with CPP reform despite Ottawa backing out. (Adrian Wyld / Canadian Press)
"That is why all government must focus on encouraging job growth, and getting their fiscal houses in order.''
But Wes Sheridan just laughs when asked about the CFIB's apparent influence over Sorenson's comments. He's not biting.
Sheridan says they and other provincial finance ministers are determined to keep working, without the federal government, on a plan that would see all thirteen provinces and territories agree to hike CPP premiums for higher benefits down the road.
"We're talking about a generation of young people in their twenties, thirties and forties, going into the workplace with part-time jobs, no benefits and limited savings ability. If we don't act we'll have a generation of Canadians who will not be able to retire in dignity.''
A bazooka-approach, Flaherty called that on Monday. Better, they said, to look at a targeted plan to help the minority of Canadians who are not saving enough.
For him, that means encouraging Canadians to put more money into pooled retirement plans, or tax-free savings accounts — both of them voluntary savings schemes that involve no contributions from government or employers.
Ontario's finance minister, Charles Sousa, says none of the provinces is arguing one over the other. Their province is planning to bring in a pooled retirement savings plan, but they also want to see the CPP improved as a mainstay in protecting future incomes.
The advantage of the CPP is that it is well run, costs little to administer, and is available right across the country.
Even Quebec's Parti Quebecois government, normally resistant to any show of unanimity with English-speaking Canada, is on board.
As for PEI's Sheridan, they pause for a moment, just to underscore what's at stake if CPP benefits aren't enhanced.
"Provinces are responsible for social services, so we're going to pay either way if the next generation of retirees doesn't have enough to live on,'' they say.
That could be another subject for "frank discussion'' when the next generation of federal-provincial leaders meet to pick up the pieces.
Hello fellow survivors! It's time for your weekly review of the survival techniques of our favorite zombie-themed drama on AMC, The Walking Dead! Let's dig right in...
Scenario 1: Mourning for the tragic murder loss of Otis, the survivors attempt to find meaning in the death of their sweaty, overalls-wearing friend.
What the survivors did: Spend the better part of a day gathering up stones from the property and piling up a life-sized statue of Otis. What, Otis didn't look like a pile of gravel? Says who?!
What the survivors should have done: You know, when this scene first started, I thought, "finally! They're digging in and making necessary repairs and fortifications, making the best use of their time." This quickly turned to cries of "oh what the holy fuck?!" when I realized I was watching a funeral. This is the zombie apocolypse! Death is cheap in this world, it's life that is expensive and should be celebrated. So, okay. Georgia has a population of almost 10 million people. If we take average US obesity rates, and male/female ratios, and age demographic data, and likely mortality rate of the apocalypse (90%) into account, if the survivors wanted to build a memorial to every fat middle-aged, redneck bubba that has died at the hands of zombies, they'd be making 234,500 piles of rock. While I'm scribbling on the back of this goddamned envelope of mine, the Otis pile contained about 54 cubic feet of rock. 234k of them could make a rock wall 12 feet high and six feet thick, over 133 miles long. I think we all agree that would make a MUCH better anti-zombie fence. So that's what Simple Jack Shane should have done when someone handed them that rock and asked their dumb ass to make a speech; smashed it into Hershel's head and led the rest into building the Great Wall of Shane.
Scenario 2: Concerned for the safety of their family and distrustful of the outsiders and their zealous, zombie killing ways, Herschel asks them all to disarm for the duration of their stay.
What the survivors did: Hand over their guns, except for their second-least-effective member, Dale, and on a gun range that they will establish far from the house.
What the survivors should have done: Rick: "Alright, we'll give up our guns, but you have to give up your teeth." Herschel, confused: "Our teeth? Why, whatever could you mean, Rick?" Rick: *pistol whips every last tooth out of Herschel's mouth* Herschel: "Gah! Glory to God! Blargh!" End Scene. You know, I take everything back about what I said about our survivors needing to swallow a bag of cement and get hard. Even the softest of the lot, Carol, is an oak compared to this soft-hearted, soft-headed bunch led by Herschel. A bag of cement won't cut it. These poor bastards need to get an injection of adamantium, Weapon X style. A bunch of apparently decent people with guns, led by a man carved from pure awesome going by the name of Darryl Fucking Dixon, and your first thought is to disarm them? With approximately 9 million zombie men, women, and children wandering the hills of Georgia? Yeah, you should loose teeth for that.
Scenario 3: A zombie is discovered swimming on the bottom of one of the farm's five wells, the one they use "for the cows".
What the surviors did: Quickly concluding that they couldn't let the zombie contaminate the well, because, hell, it's been there for weeks already, and that shooting it in the head so it could bleed into the water would just be a laughably stupid idea... they decide to fish it out with a rope. After attempting to lure the zombie into a noose using Spam, they jump to the conclusion that what they really need is live bait, so they decide to lower Glenn in, apparently for the lulz. The ridiculous redneck rigged bullshit pulley system they employ fails about 15 seconds into the plan, hilariously dropping Glen to within inches of the bloated zombie's clutches. They manage to some hows lasso it while girlishly screaming for help, and the survivors haul up Glenn, quickly followed by the zombie. When the geek reaches the top, and hits a snag, the best plan they can think of is "pull harder", which rips the zombie in half, spilling the entire contents of it's blood and lower body into the well. Congratulations, you fucking morons.
What the survivors should have done: If the adults in the group, namely, Darryl and Rick, had discovered them doing this shit they would have fed Glenn to the zombie just on general principle and then spanked the rest of the kids and put them to bed without supper. But, let's consider, for a moment, a brief list of plans that would have been less stupid than what they ended up trying:
Tried to lure the zombie with a live chicken.
Shoot the zombie in the head. Seal up the well.
Shot the zombie, then carefully raise it up, dead. Dump several gallons of bleach into the well to purify. Test it out on a cow and monitor for results. Under no circumstances ever let a human drink from this well. Ever.
Pour cement down the well.
Because shit, you have FOUR OTHERS.
Make the noose much larger, approximately the diameter of the well, and hold it open with some sticks tied in a cross formation. Lower it over the zombie, then pull it tight.
Fuck, just try roping it for longer than five minutes before giving up. I've literally spent longer trying to fish a timing chain out of the bottom half of my motorcycle engine with a coat hanger, and there wasn't a goddamn zombie menacing me at the bottom.
Maybe go talk to Herschel and Rick, and actually devise a plan to deal with a non-urgent, yet potentially deadly problem that takes longer than FIVE FUCKING MINUTES TO COME UP WITH, JACKASSES?!
Use Carol for bait.
Use Dale for bait.
Hell, use Shane for bait. He'd appreciate the irony, no doubt, and has no problem engaging in close range fisticuffs with zombies.
Wait for Darryl to return, have them shoot a cross bow bolt with rope attached to spear the zombie, then pull it up.
"But A.Ron!" I hear you say. "Some of these ideas are terrible too." Yes! But they're terrible in a way that would have had a better result, and not endanger one of the more useful and likeable group members, Glenn. Remember, the actual result was the zombie was torn in half, and ALL OF ITS BLOOD and HALF OF ITS DISEASE RIDDEN BODY ended up in the well. Basically, the only plan you could devise that was WORSE than what the survivors actually did was to somehow get the zombie up, dead or alive, and mechanically grind and separate the zombie flesh and use this slurry to chum up the well. When you have to get industrial food preparation equipment involved to intentionally try to fail harder, you know you're dealing with a fucking stupid plan. Keep in mind the result that happened wasn't even the worst case scenario! Oh no, no, NO! Glenn could have been killed by the swimmer, and we'd have ended up dumping TWO bodies worth of contaminated fluid into the well.
Scenario 4: Glenn and Maggie ride into town to refresh their medical supplies.
What the survivors did: Retrieve pregnancy test, condoms, engage in the worst seduction I've ever seen on TV or cinema that didn't involve rape, and then fuck like bunnies.
What the survivors should have done: Same thing. Exactly the same. I can find no fault with this plan. Although, judging my Maggie's reaction on the ride back from the pharmacy, Glenn could do with a detailed critique of their technique. If you know what I mean.
I'd like to say our psychotic band of bastards made progress, but the "zombie in the well" incident alone merits giving our group at Camp Dinner Bell an F-minus for survival this week. Now it's your turn! What did I miss? Write in and let me know. Make it funny, or serious, or stark raving mad, we'll read the best, most informed or entertaining ones on air. Or, discuss on our Facebook page or Tweet your suggestions!
Brisbane Roar's outstanding start to the A-League season has earned global admirers, with Germany's Borussia Monchengladbach signing their striker Kwame Yeboah.
The 19-year-old has flown to Germany for a medical with the five-time Bundesliga winners and will miss Friday night's clash with Newcastle before returning for a farewell appearance against Sydney FC on Boxing Day.
Rather than seeing the signing as a hit to Mike Mulvey's young squad, the Roar's football director, Ken Stead, said it was a great achievement for both player and club.
"We will not stand in the way of opportunities like this for our young players," they said.
Announcing the move on Thursday morning, Mulvey said the "substantial offer" was too good to refuse for Yeboah and the club was already working on a replacement.
Five points clear on the top of the league, Mulvey was bullish on their team's prospects for the long run-in. "I've felt it all along that we will be much better, be stronger and play better football in the second half of the season," they said.
With Central Coast, Western Sydney Wanderers and potentially Melbourne Victory all devoting time to their Asian Champions League campaigns, Mulvey spoke of the Roar's competitive advantage.
"They've got Saturday-Wednesday-Saturday [games] for six weeks ... that's very, very difficult. If we really dig deep now and make sure we've got points in the bag, it's going to count for a lot at the end of the season."
The Jets have a good record at Suncorp Stadium, with just one defeat in their past five trips, and gave the Roar one of their only losses this season last time out.
Adam Taggart fired the Jets to a 2-1 win in the wet but Gary van Egmond will hope to have Nathan Burns available again after they missed in their loss to the Wanderers last weekend.
Time Warner Cable (s twc) upped the ante in the dicey relationship between Netflix (s NFLX) and some of the country's largest ISPs Wednesday, alleging that the video subscription service discriminates against Time Warner Cable customers. “Netflix is… closing off access to some of its content while seeking unprecedented preferential treatment from ISPs,” the company told Multichannel News.
The point of contention is Netflix's recent launch of 3D and Super HD video formats. Netflix launched a limited number of 3D titles during CES last week, and also added the ability to stream many of its titles in Super HD — a better-looking 1080p HD format that features less compression, and thus higher bandwidth requirements, that Netflix's regular 1080p streams.
Advertisement
Both 3D and Super HD are exclusively available to subscribers whose ISPs take part in Neftlix's Open Connect CDN network, and the company is actively encouraging its subscribers to contact their ISPs and get them to adopt Open Connect.
This kind of customer-driven campaign apparently didn't go over so well with Time Warner Cable. The company told Multichannel News that it is wrong for Netflix to “withhold any content formats” from Time Warner Cable Customers, adding: “Time Warner Cable's network is more than capable of delivering this content to Netflix subscribers today.”
Of course, Netflix doesn't exactly agree with this point of view. Netflix Chief Communications Officer Jonathan Friedland sent me the following statement via email:
“OpenConnect provides Netflix data at no cost to the location the ISP desires and doesn't seek preferential treatment. We hope TimeWarner will join the many major ISPs around the world who are participating in Open Connect to reduce costs, minimize congestion and improve data delivery to enhance the consumer experience.”
As we wrote before, this conflict between Netflix and ISPs has been going on for some time, and it essentially comes down to peering arrangements. ISPs want big content providers like Netflix and Google (s GOOG) with its YouTube service to pay for traffic, but Netflix and Co. point out that consumers are already paying for their traffic.
These disputes have largely remained under the radar, but Netflix elevated the issue by tying it to its new video formats, and enlisting consumers in the process. It now looks like Time Warner Cable is responding with the same vigor it displays during cable TV carriage disputes.
The question is whether consumers will side with Netflix, or with their cable company.
The presidential candidacy of Bernie Sanders, a senator from Vermont and self-described socialist who will most likely champion the liberal cause, won't change that fact that Hillary Rodham Clinton is poised to win the Democratic nomination without a serious contest.
That's true even though the Democratic Party's liberal activist base, which strongly opposed their bid in 2008, has considerable reservations about their ties to Wall Street, their foreign policy, the recent allegations about foreign donations to the Clinton Foundation and the revelations about the private email account and server they used when they were the secretary of state.
This is mainly because of Mr. Sanders's own weaknesses as a candidate and Mrs. Clinton's strengths. But there is another, strangely simple reason Mrs. Clinton will have an easy road to the nomination: The left wing of the Democratic Party just isn't big enough to support a challenge to the left of a mainstream liberal Democrat like Mrs. Clinton.
CLOSE USA TODAY Sports' Nate Davis gives us their top five picks of the 2017 NFL draft. USA TODAY Sports
NFL mock draft 5.0 (Photo: USA TODAY Sports)
LSU's April 5 showcase was the last major event on this year's pro day circuit, which brings another logical waypoint to re-assess the first-round of the NFL draft board. Without further ado, here's mock draft 5.0 for 2017:
1. Cleveland Browns — Myles Garrett, DE, Texas A&M: He's been the presumptive top pick since the college bowl season ended and may have only cemented their status after embracing their pro day — even with virtually nothing to gain by participating — and blazing another 4.6 40-yard dash time. Since sacks became an official stat in 1982, no Browns player has recorded more than 14 in a season, perhaps one more reason the franchise has yet to reach a Super Bowl. Garrett has the tools to be a 20-sack guy.
2. San Francisco 49ers — Solomon Thomas, DE, Stanford: One of the draft's cleaner players, Thomas is productive (8½ sacks, 14 tackles for loss in 2016) and versatile enough to move around the line of scrimmage. Despite investing their last two Round 1 picks in defensive linemen, the Niners had the worst defense in the NFL last year and could not stop anyone on the ground. Thomas could make an immediate splash as a three-down difference maker.
3. Chicago Bears — Malik Hooker, S, Ohio State: The Bears haven't really had an impact safety since Mike Brown was in their prime more than a decade ago. Hooker is a thief who could be a huge presence in a division where the ball is in the air so frequently. They had seven interceptions in 2016 (one fewer than the entire Bears defense) and returned three for TDs, one more pick-six than Chicago has managed in the past three seasons.
MORE COVERAGE:
4. Jacksonville Jaguars — Leonard Fournette, RB, LSU: He's being mentioned as the best running back prospect since Adrian Peterson was a first rounder a decade ago. Peterson led the Vikings to the playoffs four times, never with the same starting quarterback. Fournette would surely alleviate the offensive load on QB Blake Bortles, yet might even make the Jags a bona fide contender even if the franchise ultimately decides it must make a change under center.
5. Tennessee Titans (from Los Angeles Rams) — Jamal Adams, S, LSU:He blistered a 4.33 40 at the Tigers' pro day, a spectacular time for a safety and further evidence of their ability to streak across the field to make a huge hit or break up a pass in a deep quadrant. Adams' reputation as a leader might also make them a coveted addition to a young team that could seek a foil to QB Marcus Mariota's understated style.
6. New York Jets — O.J. Howard, TE, Alabama: This team hasn't had much production from its tight ends since Dustin Keller was a first rounder in 2008. Howard could remedy that while serving as a reliable option for an offense that seems destined for a youth movement under center. He's also got the ability to replace some of the production lost with the defection of uber-sized WR Brandon Marshall while bolstering the blocking of an O-line now in flux.
7. Los Angeles Chargers — Jonathan Allen, DT, Alabama: Think new defensive coordinator Gus Bradley wouldn't love the opportunity to deploy Allen, who gobbled up awards as the nation's top college defender in 2016, at all points of the Bolts' D-line in conjunction with outside rushers Joey Bosa and Melvin Ingram? Allen's quickness will frustrate guards and centers, and he'll win plenty of one-on-one battles with most tackles — often by virtue of non-stop effort.
8. Carolina Panthers — Derek Barnett, DE, Tennessee: Their performance in the SEC was off the charts, including 32 sacks and 52 tackles for loss in three seasons. GM Dave Gettleman loves a deep and talented D-line, and that could be a bigger consideration this year after the trade of DE Kony Ealy, DE Charles Johnson's recent back surgery and DE Julius Peppers' age (37). And in a division with so many good quarterbacks, you can never generate enough pressure.
9. Cincinnati Bengals — Reuben Foster, ILB, Alabama: They arrive at the ball like a sledgehammer, and Marvin Lewis hasn't had a linebacker with this much sideline-to-sideline range since they coached Ray Lewis. And with Rey Maualuga already gone and Vontaze Burfict and Kevin Minter only under contract through the upcoming season, it's a good time for Cincinnati to address the position.
10. Buffalo Bills — Marshon Lattimore, CB, Ohio State: After Stephon Gilmore bolted to become Tom Brady's teammate, the Bills find themselves needing premier corner in hopes of slowing Brady and Co. the next time they face New England. Lattimore emerged as a star in 2016 after overcoming a history of hamstring issues and is the most compelling talent at their position this year.
11. New Orleans Saints — Haason Reddick, LB, Temple: Probably no player has improved their draft stock more in the last three months than Reddick. He's a highly athletic, disruptive player who posted 35½ tackles for loss and 14½ sacks over the last two seasons as a defensive end for the Owls. At 6-1, 237 pounds, he'll be a linebacker in the NFL, but their skill set should make them a three-down player who should be an effective blitzer or edge presence in sub packages.
12. Browns (from Philadelphia Eagles) — Mitchell Trubisky, QB, North Carolina: Their accuracy, 70% over the last two seasons, could be the attribute that brings them home to Ohio. Trubisky's TD-to-INT ratio (36:6) over the same span also impresses. But their overall inexperience (just 13 career starts) combined with a lack of snaps taken under center means he's unlikely to make the Dawg Pound forget about Bernie Kosar in 2017.
13. Arizona Cardinals — Corey Davis, WR, Western Michigan: He's big (6-3, 213), smooth and prolific, amassing a Football Bowl Subdivision record 5,278 career receiving yards. Working on the boundary, Davis could initially be a nice complement to Larry Fitzgerald before eventually supplanting them as the team's top target.
14. Eagles (from Minnesota Vikings) — Kevin King, CB, Washington: Philly has to reload at corner, and a 6-3, 200-pounder like King could be the right antidote in a division populated with massive receivers like Dez Bryant, Brandon Marshall and Terrelle Pryor.
15. Indianapolis Colts — Takkarist McKinley, OLB, UCLA: Both of Indy's top pass rushers from 2016, Erik Walden (free agent) and Robert Mathis (retired), are gone, and the defense needed to get younger on the edge anyway. McKinley is relentless in their pursuit of quarterbacks and plenty athletic, a nice combination at this position.
MORE COVERAGE:
16. Baltimore Ravens — Mike Williams, WR, Clemson: As USA TODAY Sports NFL columnist Jarrett Bell notes, Ravens GM Ozzie Newsome doesn't exactly have the Midas touch when it comes to picking receivers. But Williams could change that for a team that struggled to find the end zone in 2016 and now must fill the void created by Steve Smith's retirement.
17. Washington Redskins — Jabrill Peppers, S, Michigan: Their ability to defend the slot, play linebacker in sub packages and theoretically ease into a starting role on the back end seems to be the kind of skill set a team that finished 25th defending the pass could use. And don't rule out the possibility of Peppers getting some touches on an evolving offense that could use more splash plays out of the backfield.
18. Titans — John Ross, WR, Washington: They and their 4.22 40 speed just seem like a seamless fit for a team that loves to run the ball — and could benefit from Ross' ability to stretch defenses — and also needs a shiftier target to complement Mariota's preferred option, TE Delanie Walker.
19. Tampa Bay Buccaneers — Garett Bolles, OT, Utah: Nothing should be more important to the Bucs than safeguarding QB Jameis Winston. And though revamping the running game is one way to do that, Tampa can dip into a deep tailback class later. First, GM Jason Licht should lock down Winston's blind side, which has too often been exposed by Donovan Smith's struggles as a pass blocker. It might be time to move them inside and put a more nimble player like Bolles at left tackle.
20. Denver Broncos — Ryan Ramczyk, OT, Wisconsin: LT Russell Okung left in free agency, and the Broncos don't appear to have an in-house replacement of similar ability. They need to shore up the blocking if QBs Trevor Siemian and Paxton Lynch are going to have solid opportunities to continue their development.
21. Detroit Lions — Charles Harris, DE, Missouri: No team in the NFC had fewer sacks than Detroit's 26. Harris is lightning quick off the edge and could take some game plan focus off DE Ziggy Ansah, who had a horrible 2016 season.
22. Miami Dolphins — Gareon Conley, CB, Ohio State: Only the Browns allowed more TD passes among AFC teams in 2016 than Miami's 30. Taking Conley would give the Dolphins' nickel package an immediate boost while they mature into a potential No. 1 corner.
23. New York Giants — David Njoku, TE, Miami (Fla.): A gifted 20-year-old who's poised to extend the Hurricanes' proud lineage at the position. A New Jersey native, Njoku could stop the revolving door the Giants have had at tight end since Jeremy Shockey's heyday while making teams pay for double covering WR Odell Beckham Jr.
24. Oakland Raiders — Jarrad Davis, LB, Florida: The Raiders are in desperate need of a talent infusion at the second level of their 26th-ranked defense. Davis is an athlete and leader who should quickly become the kind of core player who never has to leave the field.
25. Houston Texans — Deshaun Watson, QB, Clemson: With Tony Romo apparently no longer an option, the Texans must now look to an alternative solution for their perpetual quarterbacking issues. Houston is good enough to allow Watson to acclimate behind Tom Savage and could even shield them from too much responsibility if they were pressed into service as a rookie.
26. Seattle Seahawks — Forrest Lamp, OL, Western Kentucky: Offensive line maestro Tom Cable could try Lamp at their college position, tackle, or line them up at guard, where many scouts project he'll thrive in the NFL. Regardless of where they played, Lamp would strengthen one of the league's least effective lines.
27. Kansas City Chiefs — Marlon Humphrey, CB, Alabama: Opponents have no reason to challenge CB Marcus Peters when they can pile up the profits targeting the other side of Kansas City's secondary. Humphrey's could help stop the bleeding as a No. 2 corner before possibly harnessing their talents and becoming a performer close to Peters' caliber.
28. Dallas Cowboys — Tre'Davious White, CB, LSU: Time to start replenishing a secondary that was decimated by free agency. White could immediately challenge for a starting position while also contributing right away as a dangerous punt returner.
29. Green Bay Packers — Dalvin Cook, RB, Florida State: They could stabilize a ground game that was derailed by Eddie Lacy's inconsistency and injuries. Cook is an accomplished runner and receiver capable of doing everything in the Pack's playbook while allowing Ty Montgomery to slide into the change-of-pace role that might better serve a converted receiver.
30. Pittsburgh Steelers — Patrick Mahomes, QB, Texas Tech: Their buzz continues to build after their own impressive pro day showing. Mahomes has all the physical gifts that make NFL coaches salivate. But they also might need two full years to learn how a pro offense operates. This could be the perfect scenario given Ben Roethlisberger's age (35), retirement musings (which he's finally put to rest for 2017) and propensity to get injured.
31. Atlanta Falcons — Taco Charlton, DE, Michigan: OLB Vic Beasley paced the NFL in 2016 with 15½ sacks but no teammate had more than five — a problem that was accentuated when the Falcons failed to generate any heat on Tom Brady during the Patriots' Super Bowl comeback. Charlton registered 10 sacks last year, and their 6-6 frame enables them to bat down balls when they can't reach quarterbacks.
32. Saints (from New England Patriots) — Christian McCaffrey, RB, Stanford: Sure, it would make sense for the Saints to continue rebuilding their defense. But with WR Brandin Cooks and RB Tim Hightower now gone, could they resist picking up a weapon like McCaffrey, who will rekindle memories of Reggie Bush in New Orleans. Not only might they be optimal as aging QB Drew Brees looks to spread the field underneath, but McCaffrey could ignite a return game that's given the Saints little spark lately.
***
Follow Nate Davis on Twitter @ByNateDavis
PHOTOS: Top NFL prospects' pro days
Hello. Thanks for reading this article. Now that Go 1.1 has been released an updated version of this article is available.
Whoa there! This article is out of date. The release of Go 1.5 has invalidated everything below and you really should read this article instead.
Introduction
Go provides excellent support for producing binaries for foreign platforms without having to install Go on the target. This is extremely handy for testing packages that use build tags or where the target platform is not suitable for development.
Support for building a version of Go suitable for cross compilation is built into the Go build scripts; just set the GOOS , GOARCH , CGO_ENABLED and possibly GOARM correctly and invoke ./make.bash in go/src . Therefore, what follows are provided simply for convenience.
Getting started
1. Install Go from source. The instructions are well documented on the Go website, golang.org/doc/install/source. A summary for those familiar with the process follows.
% hg clone https://code.google.com/p/go % cd go/src % ./all.bash
2. Checkout the support scripts from Github, github.com/davecheney/golang-crosscompile
% git clone git://github.com/davecheney/golang-crosscompile.git % source golang-crosscompile/crosscompile.bash
3. Build Go for all supported platforms
% go-crosscompile-build-all go-crosscompile-build darwin/386 go-crosscompile-build darwin/amd64 go-crosscompile-build freebsd/386 go-crosscompile-build freebsd/amd64 go-crosscompile-build linux/386 go-crosscompile-build linux/amd64 go-crosscompile-build linux/arm go-crosscompile-build windows/386 go-crosscompile-build windows/amd64
This will compile the Go runtime and standard library for each platform. You can see these packages if you look in $(go env GOROOT)/pkg .
% ls -1 $(go env GOROOT)/pkg darwin_386 darwin_amd64 freebsd_386 freebsd_amd64 linux_386 linux_amd64 linux_arm obj tool windows_386 windows_amd64
Using your cross compilation environment
Sourcing crosscompile.bash provides a go-$GOOS-$GOARCH function for each platform, you can use these as you would the standard go tool. For example, to compile a program to run on linux/arm .
% cd $GOPATH/github.com/davecheney/gmx/gmxc % go-linux-arm build % file ./gmxc ./gmxc: ELF 32-bit LSB executable, ARM, version 1 (SYSV), statically linked, not stripped
This file is not executable on the host system ( darwin/amd64 ), but will work on linux/arm .
Some caveats
Cross compiled binaries, not a cross compiled Go installation
This post describes how to produce an environment that will build Go programs for your target environment, it will not however build a Go environment for your target. For that, you must build Go directly on the target platform. For most platforms this means installing from source, or using a version of Go provided by your operating systems packaging system.
No cgo in cross platform builds
It is currently not possible to produce a cgo enabled binary when cross compiling from one operating system to another. This is because packages that use cgo invoke the C compiler directly as part of the build process to compile their C code and produce the C to Go trampoline functions. At the moment the name of the C compiler is hard coded to gcc , which assumes the system default gcc compiler even if a cross-compiler is installed.
GOARM flag needed for cross compiling to linux/arm.
Because some arm platforms lack a hardware floating point unit the GOARM value is used to tell the linker to use hardware or software floating point code. Depending on the specifics of the target machine you are building for, you may need to supply this environment value when building.
% GOARM=5 go-linux-arm build
As of e4b20018f797 you will at least get a nice error telling you which GOARM value to use.
$ ./gmxc runtime: this CPU has no floating point hardware, so it cannot run this GOARM=7 binary. Recompile using GOARM=5.
By
Most musicians don't realize how their jaw position can have such an effect on their tone quality, and how jaw problems can be the secret culprit behind problems with tone.
I'll never forget my first year of teaching, where I had some talented young musicians in the 4th and 5th grade…
A young girl's experience with jaw problems
One girl stood out to me. Them name was Jenna, and they were a really good clarinet player.
They and their mom confided in me about a problem they were having not only with their playing, but that was also affecting them health.
Jenna was getting headaches every day.
They also found that they were clenching their jaw when they were playing clarinet – to the point where it was hurting.
They had a nice tone and good range (she was able to cross the break cleanly), but couldn't play very long (her endurance was affected).
They recently got braces, which was when their jaw problems started.
Them mom had brought them to a whole bunch of specialists. They first figured out that the headaches came from TMJ.
This was also my first experience with a student experiencing similar jaw problems to what I had as a teenager, so this really resonated with me, because I developed TMJ once I got braces as a child too. (This does NOT mean that everyone who gets braces develops TMJ!)
Unfortunately, I didn't have too much time with Jenna because they just opened up to me about this problem in the Spring which meant I only had a couple more months to work with them
Jenna graduated from 5th Grade and was still having problems with their jaw when they left my school…
What is TMJ?
You may be suffering from TMJ (Temporomandibular Joint Disease) if you experience some of these symptoms: numbness of the jaw/temporal area, dull and/or sharp pain in the jaw or temporal areas or a headache in the temporal area. (The temporal lobe is directly behind the ears and is where the primary auditory cortex is located.)
For years, my jaw would click, I couldn't open my mouth wide (which made dental visits really difficult), and I would have a nagging, sharp pain on the right side of my jaw.
I just dealt with it, not thinking there was any solution.
There was no internet then, and my dentist was not very good and not helpful for my problem.
Years later, as an adult, I went to a really good dentist who told me I was grinding my teeth at night. They said that could be one reason why my jaw was hurting.
In fact, teeth grinding, stress, or even direct trauma (getting hit in the jaw) can cause TMJ in some people.
They recommended a Night Brace, which looked like some of those mouth guards I used when playing field hockey and lacrosse as a kid.
That really started to help, but for me, wasn't the total answer…
As with many people who had braces as a child, my teeth started to return to their crooked ways.
At the time, I was having problems with range and endurance on the trumpet, and I was thinking, maybe I need to look into braces again to straighten my teeth. But I would refuse to have the same type of painful braces, with the wires and metal in my mouth – there had to be something better now.
I researched and learned about Invisalign. For me, this was a God-send.
My teeth would get straight and I wouldn't have those painful daggers in my mouth while trying to play Trumpet.
BTW, traditional braces are not bad when it comes to wires and the actual braces on the teeth sticking out for Woodwind players, even Flute. I found that many students with braces just tend to generate more saliva in their mouth while playing, so they have to continually clear moisture from their reed.
Traditional braces are definitely a challenge for Brass players, especially trumpeters; however, it can be done, and can help you play with less mouthpiece pressure.
The other added advantage, which I wouldn't realize until months later, was that the Invisalign inserts also acted as a Night Brace, preventing me from grinding my teeth at night so much.
I started to notice that my jaw was feeling better, and I didn't have to take frequent breaks at the dentist to rest my jaw.
I was also a little more relaxed while playing. At that time, I took lessons with great teachers who showed me how to imitate nature and what comes naturally to me when setting up my embouchre. This helped the TMJ and many other facets of my playing.
Also, people started telling me about books like the Relaxation Response, Inner Game of Tennis, Inner Game of Music and Effortless Mastery. All these books were a hint that I needed to deal with my stress…
I still was of the mindset though that meditation and visualization were a little too weird, so even though I read those books, I didn't get the full benefit of the great information I was exposed to. (Luckily, years later I understood it and started to implement some of the strategies.)
When playing the Saxophones, I didn't have the same problems as Trumpet because I wasn't clenching my jaw while playing.
Any unnecessary muscular tension in the body when playing an instrument will result in tension in other parts of the body. Too much tension affects your breath support, fingering coordination and articulation (if your jaw is tense your tongue will have tension too), which affects your tone.
The combination of relaxing my mind and body, using the Night Brace and Invisalign retainers, and imitating what came natural to me when setting up my embouchre made a huge difference in my playing and also in alleviating the jaw pain.
Is the full rich tone eluding you on the saxophone?
Get your Free Video Lesson, 3 Tips to Fatten Up Your Saxophone Tone and hear the difference! (You'll also get weekly newsletters with tips and offers to bring your playing up to the next level)
Get Your Free Video Here 🎷
How can I prevent jaw problems?
Here are some questions and thoughts to consider:
1. Are you grinding your teeth at night?
Check with your dentist to see if there's unusual wear on your molars from possibly grinding your teeth at night.
There are night braces available – you can find them at a drugstore like CVS or Walgreens and make your own, or your dentist can make one for you.
Are you under a lot of stress? That can cause you to grind your teeth at night (as was my case). Look into meditation, yoga, or anything that can relax your mind.
2. If you play a brass or woodwind instrument, are you clenching your jaw while playing?
I used to do this, and didn't even realize it!
Imitate nature, meaning when you set up your embouchre, think of words or letters to imitate. For example, for Trumpet and Brass, I think the letter “M”. That's the general shape I want to keep while playing. For Saxes and Clarinet, the letters “F” or “V”, or the words, “wol f ” or “ v ictory” to set up the bottom lip and chin and jaw position. For Flute, I was taught to think the word, “Prune.” Some people think of pouting for setting up the embouchre.
3. Do you “chew” when you articulate?
If you notice your jaw moving up and down when you articulate, you are using way too much motion.
Imitate how you would naturally say the word “too” and notice that your jaw doesn't move.
Say “too” in 16th note patterns, and notice how your jaw doesn't move much.
Work towards doing the same on your instrument.
4. Are you under a lot of stress? (aren't we all!)
Look into meditation, yoga or breathing exercises to calm your mind.
Check out those books I mentioned above.
Many successful people write their thoughts down in a Journal every day. It helps clear their mind.
Every day, write (or say out loud) 3 things that you are grateful for. You can't be stressed or angry when you are grateful.
5. Trying a different approach:
Acupuncture has gotten very popular in the U.S. over the past 5 years. I have used this to help with headaches.
has gotten very popular in the U.S. over the past 5 years. I have used this to help with headaches. In this article, alternatives to taking pain medication are explored, such as Acupuncture, stretching exercises , stretching tape, changing the diet and in some cases, and cortisone shots or even surgery.
What happened to Jenna?
I saw their years later at a high school concert (around 2008). They were still playing Clarinet and was still a terrific student.
Them jaw problems improved quite a bit but they still aren't pain-free.
We didn't get a chance to talk long, and I honestly don't know if their TMJ was still a huge problem for them
I wish I knew all the research and information back then that I know now in order to have helped Jenna.
But I guess that experience opened my eyes into thinking about other reasons that may not be so common as to why students may have difficulty playing with a clear tone or are unable to make progress with articulation or coordination.
It's a huge reminder how we are all different and to really try to put ourselves into the shoes of others when trying to help them.
Did you Like this article?
Please Like, Comment and Share on your social networks…
Click here to send a Tweet to your friends!
And don't forget, Click Below to get access to your Free Video Lesson, 3 Tips to Fatten Up Your Saxophone Tone, along with weekly newsletters with tips and offers to bring your playing up to the next level.
Get Your Free Video Here 🎷
The German equivalent of CID warned in a confidential memo to regional authorities last March, that it has intercepted communications indicating Amri was planning a suicide attack, and recommended they be deported.
But the state government of North Rhine-Westphalia ruled that an order to expel them was not legally enforcable.
The new disclosures will add to questions over why Amri was allowed to remain in Germany and move freely around the country even though they were known to be a threat.
They come after Uwe Jacob, head of the North Rhine-Westphalia Landeskriminalamt, the regional CID, admitted them and their staff suspected Amri was behind the Berlin attack the moment they heard of it.
“Our immediate reaction was please don't let it be Amri,” Mr Jacob told a parliamentary inquiry on Friday.
Rep. Trey Gowdy said in a new interview the Obama administration is dragging its feet regarding the investigation into what happened during the 2012 Benghazi attacks that killed four Americans.The South Carolina Republican told Politico claims that they are at fault for delaying the House investigation are false."It's taken way too long and way too much of our energy in simply gaining access," said Gowdy, who chairs the Benghazi panel. "There continues to be time wasted negotiating with executive branch entities who do not want to give us what I believe Congress is entitled to."Critics of the Select Committee on Benghazi say the investigation is a waste of time — and that Gowdy has extended it several times in an effort to find something Republicans can use against Hillary Clinton, the secretary of state at the time of the attacks."Republicans have been spending their time scheduling dozens of new interviews — which they could have conducted long ago — to justify their own existence, drag out this investigation as close as they can to the election," Rep. Elijah Cummings, the top Benghazi Democrat on the Benghazi panel, told Politico.Gowdy said, "I wanted to have this done in December 2015… But you have to have access to documents and witnesses — that is the lifeblood of an investigation… And when one side controls documents and the witnesses and the other group is trying to conduct the investigation, that creates something of a quandary."State Department documents showed that Clinton told two versions of what happened in Benghazi in the days following the attacks. Clinton also reportedly missed a morning staff meeting the day after the attacks because they were sleeping.
We have a whistle, but where are the blowers? Photo by Shutterstock/Sashkin
The saga of The Man in Congress in Charge of Science but Who Doesn't Understand It continues.
For those new to this, Rep. Lamar Smith, R-Texas—chairperson of the House Science, Space, and Technology Committee—doesn't think global warming is real. They think it's a huge conspiracy by climate scientists who fudge the data to make it look like the planet is heating up, because Obama.
I wish I were being hyperbolic. But this is literally true.
In Part 1 of our tale, Smith subpoenaed Kathryn Sullivan, the administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, claiming that scientists in their agency were “altering the data.” Smith got this idea after a paper was published in Science showing that the global warming “pause” so lauded by climate change deniers didn't, in fact, exist. This research was done by a team of NOAA scientists and, I'll note, is correct. The “pause” isn't real.
That didn't stop Smith. They also demanded the data, methodology, and emails of NOAA scientists be released (despite the first two already being publicly available). We also learned that Rep. Eddie Bernice Johnson, D-Texas—who is the senior Democrat on the committee—sent Smith a letter accusing them of harassing and second-guessing scientists, and also pointed out he's not qualified to assess the data or methods. This, too, is correct.
In Part 2, Smith made public their conspiracy theories about scientists fiddling with the data (they did this, Smith claims, “to advance this administration's extreme climate change agenda”, in case you were wondering just how far removed from reality Smith is on this), and I showed why these ideas are nonsense (to be very very polite). In Part 3 I went into more detail, showing that Smith doesn't understand even the most basic principles of scientific data measurement.
And now here we are, at Part 4 of a presumably infinite series. Their new claim? That the NOAA Science paper in question was rushed into publication, and that Smith has “whistleblowers” who will attest to it.
However, that's at odds with the facts. Rep. Johnson wrote yet another letter to Smith, outlining where their claims are clearly wrong. They lay out a timeline, showing that the paper was submitted to the journal in late 2014, and took months to publish. Not only that, it relied on data from papers submitted to the journal in 2013—hardly a rush job.
I'll note that these alleged whistleblowers had ample opportunity to file a complaint with NOAA itself. Yet no complaints have been registered (even though NOAA has an obvious and easy-to-find scientific integrity policy).
Update, Nov. 23, 2015: A Washington Post article makes the case that not only was this paper not rushed, it actually underwent more scrutiny than usual.
On top of all this, Smith has sent several letters to NOAA and other groups—seven in total—with their demands, but only just now, in their most recent one, did they mention whistleblowers. That's curious; Johnson has asked them repeatedly why they think the scientists have fiddled with the data, but he's been silent on that.
It's also curious, as Johnson notes, that Smith has declined to share any of the information about their alleged whistleblowers with any of the Democratic minority on the committee. If he's not purely politically motivated, why wouldn't they give this information to them? Who are these whistleblowers? What are their specific claims? Why has Smith waited so long to mention them?
I strongly urge you to read Johnson's letter; it really shows that Smith's actions are the results of political grandstanding. NOAA had been complying with their requests, as silly and wasteful as those requests were, but Smith ignored this and kept making more and more unreasonable demands. Finally, NOAA put its foot down; NOAA Administrator Sullivan has refused to comply any further.
I've been saying that Smith is harassing scientists, and he's abusing their power of congressional subpoena. Now we have even more evidence: He's been pressuring Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker over all this, trying to get them to in turn pressure NOAA to turn over the scientists' emails.* If NOAA doesn't comply, he's threatened to subpoena the secretary herself.
Not only that, but their threats of Sullivan are atrocious. As Johnson points out, in what may be my favorite part of their letter:
I think it might be informative to take note of whom you are threatening. Dr. Kathryn Sullivan is PhD [sic] geologist, former naval reserve officer, former three-time NASA astronaut, former chief scientist of NOAA, and former member of the National Science Board. As an astronaut, Dr. Sullivan became the first American woman to ever “walk” in space. Dr. Sullivan is the very definition of service to country, and they are a role model for us all. I highly doubt Dr. Sullivan is intimidated by your threats, but it is an indication of how low the Majority is willing to stoop to perpetuate their anti-science agenda when a legitimate American icon is dragged through the mud in furtherance of an ideological crusade.
Boom.
Smith is out of control. I earlier likened them to Sen. Joseph McCarthy, who, in the 1950s, went on a huge and reckless witch hunt, looking for Communists in government, ruining people's careers and lives in the process. That likeness grows ever clearer into focus.
I don't see any reason to change my assessment of Smith now.  They are a demagogue, using and abusing their power to stifle scientific research, to create a climate of fear and pressure for those scientists, and to obfuscate and further cast doubt in the public's mind about the reality of climate change and its effects (an effort that has of course found purchase with the usual right-wing media suspects).
This behavior is as appalling as it is damaging and clearly based on falsehoods. The world is warming up. We are seeing the effects of that now. And we know that it's because of the damage humans are doing, pumping billions of tons of carbon dioxide into the air every year. These are facts.
But the majority of Republican senators and Congress members in charge of critical committees reject these facts, replacing them with their own fantasies of conspiratorial scientists. These people are putting our nation's security at risk. It's good news that some of the GOP in Congress are willing to be swayed by facts, but the sad and embarrassing truth is the ones in key positions are not. And while they fiddle, the world burns.
*Correction, Nov. 23, 2015: This post originally misspelled Penny Pritzker's last name.
