Welcome to the post-Snowden era, where everything you say or do can be monitored by secret services - regardless of a court of law. One year on,here are the top 10 revelations showing us how the world has been fundamentally transformed by state snooping.
READ MORE: Time to #ResetTheNet and take your privacy back
1. Everything you do online can be monitored
The National Security Agency (NSA) has direct access to the systems of Google, Facebook, Apple and other US internet giants. Using its PRISM surveillance program, the agency can collect your search history, the content of your emails, file transfers and live chats.
2. What you do offline is monitored!
According to a report in Der Spiegel, an NSA division called ANT has technology, including a radio-frequency device, which can monitor and even manipulate data on computers that are not even connected to the internet.
3. They are collecting your phone records, too
Who's calling whom, at what time, and for how long: Verizon and other US phone companies have been required to turn over so-called telephony metadata for millions of unwitting Americans to the NSA.
Resistance is futile.
4. In some countries, it is not just metadata
The NSA records almost all domestic and international phone calls in Afghanistan and the Bahamas using a program called SOMALGET. In the Bahamas, the NSA boasted of being able to log “over 100 million call events per day.” The full telephone conversations are stored for up to 30 days.
5. Or ordinary citizens for that matter
World leaders including Brazil's Dilma Rousseff and German Chancellor Angela Merkel have been incensed to learn that the NSA was monitoring their phone conversations. Merkel, born East Germany and its all-invasive surveillance state, was reportedly so furious they immediately called Obama and told them to cut it out. One can only assume whoever was listening in on that call was doing so with a red face.
6. The NSA engages in industrial espionage
If you thought it was all about terrorism, think again. “There is no question that the US is engaged in economic spying,” Snowden told German broadcaster ARD in January.
"If there's information at Siemens that's beneficial to U.S. national interests – even if it doesn't have anything to do with national security – then they'll take that information nevertheless," they said.
7. The NSA is also hacking its way into the global financial system
Using a program called Project Bullrun, the NSA is waging war against its greatest enemy: encryption. According to a document released last September, the agency has already circumvented much of the encryption which secures the global commerce and banking systems.
8. Sweat the small stuff – your Angry Birds are also fair game
The NSA and its UK counterpart, GCHQ, can also gather sensitive personal dates from phone apps that transmit users' data across the web, such as the extremely popular Angry Birds game, which has been downloaded 1.7 billion times.
Some users were so… angry, they took matters into their own hands by hacking and defacing the game's site.
9. Sweat the sweaty stuff, too
The NSA is interested in the porn habits of targets, and is gathering evidence visits to pornographic websites to discredit the “credibility, reputation and authority” of those accused of attempting to radicalize others through incendiary religious speech. You know what they say about people who live in glass houses…
10. Forget about porn sites, they might be watching you get down!
With a helping hand from the NSA, GCHQ helped intercept and store the webcam images of millions of web users not suspected of wrongdoing. Using a program called Optic Nerve, in one six-month period in 2008 alone, the agency collected webcam imagery – some of which was explicitly sexual in nature – from more than 1.8 million Yahoo user accounts globally.
"Unfortunately … it would appear that a surprising number of people use webcam conversations to show intimate parts of their body to the other person,” the Guardian cited one GCHQ document as saying. The nerve!
(Reuters) - A Minnesota state appeals court on Tuesday said five people who claimed to be half-siblings of Prince did not deserve to share in the late pop superstar's estate.
Prince performs during the halftime show of the NFL's Super Bowl XLI football game between the Chicago Bears and the Indianapolis Colts in Miami, Florida February 4, 2007. REUTERS/Mike Blake
The Minnesota Court of Appeals said the judge overseeing Prince's estate correctly interpreted state parentage and probate laws in rejecting the would-be heirs' bid to share in a fortune estimated in the hundreds of millions of dollars.
Judge Kevin Eide, of the Carver County District Court, decided in May that Prince's sister Tyka Nelson and five half-siblings qualified as heirs.
Eide previously declared that John L. Nelson and Mattie Shaw were Prince's parents because they were married when the singer, whose full name was Prince Rogers Nelson, was born in 1958.
Prince left no will when they died in April 2016 at age 57 of an accidental overdose of the painkiller fentanyl, at their Paisley Park Studios compound near Minneapolis.
The singer's many hits included “Little Red Corvette,” “1999,” “When Doves Cry” and “Purple Rain.”
Darcell Johnston, Loya Wilson, Loyal Gresham III, Orrine Gresham and Venita Jackson Leverette, the would-be heirs, claimed that John Nelson was not Prince's father, and that they were half-siblings through either of two other men.
But the appeals court said that because John Nelson was Prince's “presumptive father” under state parentage laws, they were also Prince's “genetic father” under state probate laws.
It said this meant Prince's estate must pass to descendants of John Nelson and Mattie Shaw, which included none of the would-be heirs, who were not allowed to undergo genetic testing.
Cameron Parkhurst, a lawyer for Johnston, Wilson and the Greshams, said their clients were disappointed with the decision and weighing their next steps. Charles Brown, a lawyer for Leverette, said they would review the decision with their client.
Two additional claimants, a daughter and granddaughter of Prince's former security chief Duane Nelson, who claimed to be John Nelson's son, are appealing Eide's denial last October of their claims to shares in Prince's estate.
Eide had in July 2016 ruled out claims by 29 other would-be heirs.
Flowers and fire, with the rose rain in Rome's Pantheon
This May 24, red rose petals will rain from the “eye in the sky” of Rome's Pantheon, meant to symbolize the tongues of fire in one of the most famous episodes in the “Acts of the Apostles”.
The disciples and Mary were in Jerusalem, having dinner together (probably in the home of Mark's mother). It was Pentecost – the Hebrew holiday celebrating the harvest, fifty days after Pesach – and Suddenly a sound like the blowing of a violent wind came from heaven and filled the whole house where they were sitting .
Then came the tongues of fire that separated and came to rest on each of them. All of them were filled with the Holy Spirit and began to speak in other tongues as the Spirit enabled them .
The episode has always been commemorated in Rome with a traditional “rose rain”: a wonderful shower of red petals falling from the oculus in the dome of the Basilica of Santa Maria ad Martyres – the Pantheon – once the Pentecost mass is finished.
It is a beautiful Christian and Roman tradition.
Photos via:
The findings may prove to be an obstacle to sexual assault prevention and adjudication in the future, according to John Banzhaf, a public interest law professor at George Washington University.
“This Rolling Stone debacle, coupled with the recent memory of phony allegations of rape [by lacrosse players] at Duke University, and a Justice Department study showing that widely cited estimates of the rate of rapes and other sexual assaults on college campuses has been grossly exaggerated, may blunt so-far successful efforts by the federal government and anti-rape groups to force colleges to not only crack down but to also convict more male students,” Banzhaf said in a statement given to The College Fix.
Banzhaf said “almost two dozen courts” have found in favor of accused males who sued their universities to obtain justice.
The Charlottesville police findings could prove detrimental to victims of sexual assault who are seeking justice, if they come to be seen as “the boy who cried wolf,” Banzhaf added.
Director Rebecca Weybright of the Sexual Assault Resource Agency of Charlottesville echoed Banzhaf's worry over the effect the investigation's conclusion could have on assault victims.
“Why would somebody want to put themselves to be potentially subjected to what, the amount of questioning and I'm sure the criticism?” Weybright said in an interview with NBC 29.
Further, Weybright was concerned Jackie's discredited account could set a dangerous precedent.
State constitutions can affect fiscal policy either by acting as fiscal restraints that limit the scope of government or by imposing fiscal pressures that expand or place demands on government. One concern with using state constitutions to place demands on government is that those demands are often inflexible, limiting the ability of policymakers to adapt as voter preferences or circumstances change. In this piece, we will focus on a high-speed rail plan in Florida to illustrate the perils of policymaking by constitution.
The Florida Monorail Amendment
In 2000, Florida voters narrowly approved the Florida Monorail Amendment to the state constitution. The provision required the state to initiate construction of a high-speed rail system no later than November 1, 2003. The amendment read,
To reduce traffic congestion and provide alternatives to the traveling public, it is hereby declared to be in the public interest that a high speed ground transportation system consisting of a monorail, fixed guideway or magnetic levitation system, capable of speeds in excess of 120 miles per hour, be developed and operated in the State of Florida to provide high speed ground transportation by innovative, efficient and effective technologies consisting of dedicated rails or guideways separated from motor vehicular traffic that will link the five largest urban areas of the State as determined by the Legislature and provide for access to existing air and ground transportation facilities and services. The Legislature, the Cabinet and the Governor are hereby directed to proceed with the development of such a system by the State and/or by a private entity pursuant to state approval and authorization, including the acquisition of right-of-way, the financing of design and construction of the system, and the operation of the system, as provided by specific appropriation and by law, with construction to begin on or before November 1, 2003.
This amendment clearly stipulated that Florida's government begin the construction of a high-speed rail system by November 1, 2003, and that the system have certain features (link five cities and provide access to existing air and ground transportation services). By placing the system into the constitution, high-speed rail became privileged over other, non-constitutionally-mandated government programs. In addition, this commitment was in essence open-ended, as there was no limit on costs included in the amendment.
Moreover, the demand was inflexible. If this were a piece of legislation, the legislature could simply modify, eliminate, or delay the program if private-sector funding didn't materialize or if tax increases or spending cuts needed to make the system viable were infeasible. The amendment also did not allow for exigencies such as changes in state economic conditions. The only way to alter the program was through constitutional change—the route ultimately chosen (more on that later).
The passage of the amendment spurred extensive debate over how much high-speed rail would cost and who would bear those costs, since neither was specified in the amendment. There was “no credible evidence” that such a system could be “self-sufficient,” meaning that additional taxpayer funding would be needed and would have to come from spending cuts in other areas or higher taxes (perhaps through debt financing, which is just delayed taxation). As long as high-speed rail is in the state constitution, “the state is locked into paying for [high-speed rail], whether it can afford to or not.”
Some might argue that this inflexibility is a feature, not a bug, of the constitutional amendment. High-speed rail has been a legislative focus in Florida since 1976, when the state legislature requested that a study be conducted to determine whether a route between Daytona Beach and St. Petersburg was viable. But none of the many attempts over the past few decades to support high-speed rail really succeeded until the 2000 referendum. As one analysis concluded, “Without institutional buy-in for a project, as well as the authority and responsibility to identify, gather, and manage funding, and the responsibility for and capability of seeing a project through, many HSR projects fail as soon as the key supporter or visionary leaves. Indeed, this frustration led Florida voters to approve the constitutional amendment requiring the building of HSR.”
This argument, however, creates a slippery slope, as similar concerns could be raised by advocates for any proposed government program that fails to muster legislative support. David Primo, in discussing why policy issues are better managed as part of the legislative process, has written, “once one goes down the road of managing the allocation of spending through state constitutions, it is difficult to know where to stop.”
Reforms to Florida's Initiative Process
In part owing to the high-speed rail experience, Florida has reformed its initiative process in three ways. First, opponents of high-speed rail successfully placed an amendment on the same 2000 ballot as high-speed rail that would require the legislature to create a public cost estimate associated with amendments proposed via the initiative process, in an effort to better inform voters about the fiscal consequences of their votes. The amendment was successful.
Second, in 2004, voters passed an amendment requiring proposed amendments to get approved for the ballot by February 1st of a general election year, as a way to make sure there is sufficient debate over a proposal's merits. (As the head of Florida's Chamber of Commerce told a reporter, the high-speed rail proposal “popped up 91 days ahead of the 2000 election.”)
Third, in 2004, voters approved an amendment to the constitution mandating a 60 percent supermajority of voters casting ballots on the measure in order for amendments to be approved. The only other states requiring a supermajority to approve constitutional amendments are New Hampshire and Colorado, which recently began requiring 55 percent supermajorities to add to the constitution while still maintaining a simple majority requirement for repealing a provision of the constitution.
None of these reforms can completely prevent fiscal pressures from making their way into state constitutions, but they do make it more difficult. They may, of course, have the side effect of preventing measures that would impose fiscal restraints from being placed in state constitutions as well. However, given that many fiscal restraints are ineffective or have unintended consequences, this may be an acceptable trade-off.
What Other States Can Learn from Florida
Other states, regardless of whether they have an initiative process for amendments, can learn from Florida's experience about the perils of inserting policy into state constitutions. First, prioritizing one set of policies (those in constitutions) over others (those outside of constitutions) limits legislative flexibility if voter preferences or priorities change. In fact, the very reason high-speed rail had difficulty gaining traction without an amendment—that there lacked a consistent champion for it—is perhaps the best evidence that support for a government-driven high-speed rail was far from intense. And yet, legislators may have needed to make cuts in other areas, like education and health care, in order to fund high-speed rail.
Second, economic, fiscal, or other circumstances may change, especially with regard to infrastructure, as New York State's history shows. When New York's 1846 constitution was written, the state's finances were weighed down partly because it had spent so much on the construction of its canal system. This experience led to a new constitutional debt limit. Nevertheless, believing in the canal system's economic importance, the state doubled down in its new 1846 constitution, going so far as to protect state canals from being sold off or otherwise disposed of. Traffic peaked on the Erie Canal in the mid-1800s, but then declined as railroads and, later, highways and the St. Lawrence Seaway rendered the canal a “historical curiosity.” Canal protections remain in New York's constitution, and canal maintenance remains a drag on state finances.
The constitution won't protect high-speed rail in Florida in the same way, as voters decided in 2004 to repeal the high-speed rail amendment, thereby returning high-speed rail to the realm of a statutory policy area. Over a decade later, high-speed rail is slated to become a reality in Florida with the privately funded Brightline high-speed rail system that initially will connect West Palm Beach and Ft. Lauderdale, with plans to include Miami and Orlando in the coming months and years. Whether the program survives ultimately will be decided by economics and politics, not by the state's constitution.
As WikiLeaks continues to dump hacked emails from Hillary Clinton campaign chair John Podesta, the Clinton camp—after weeks of refusing to dignify them—is now readying a response that will frame them as a criminal conspiracy akin to Watergate, placing the blame on a possible collusion between Donald Trump's advisers, Russian intelligence, and WikiLeaks' Julian Assange. For Clinton, it's an attempt to stave off any potential political damage from what they have revealed—and might reveal still—by characterizing their publication as morally repugnant, hoping that this rhetoric is enough to sway their detractors. But there's a far simpler solution: Clinton could just have Pamela Anderson kill Assange with a sandwich.
That was the theory that rapidly spread across Twitter and Reddit yesterday, anyway, thanks to a confluence of events that began when the Baywatch star dropped by the Ecuadorian Embassy in London. Anderson told the local press that they were visiting Assange—who's hiding there to avoid extradition to Sweden on rape charges—because she's a supporter, and she's concerned about their health and family. To that end, the longtime animal rights activist brought Assange a “nice vegan lunch and some vegan snacks.” Disappointing, perhaps—Anderson joked, “He said I tortured them with bringing them vegan food.” But probably only deadly if she'd also regaled them with the story of when she‘d first decided to stop eating meat.
Advertisement
But then, for the first time in the history of veganism, something interesting happened. Not long after Anderson's visit, WikiLeaks sent out three cryptic tweets, each affixed with a mysterious 64-character code:
Advertisement
From the photos of Pamela Anderson delivering a Pret A Manger sandwich to the Embassy, and now this string of random numbers and letters, WikiLeaks devotees were able to draw an obvious conclusion: These codes were a “dead man's switch” triggered by Assange's dying, and the most likely explanation was that Pamela Anderson had poisoned him.
Advertisement
Advertisement
It's all right there, if only you'd open your eyes to see it. And after the theory was floated by noted rape philosopher and scrotal-sociologist Roosh V, it wasn't long before it became a full-blown conspiracy about Anderson assassinating Assange at the Clintons' behest. Unfortunately for them, their covert black-op of having one of the most recognizable actores in the world deliver a poison sub in front of dozens of cameras and Anderson's own social media account was swiftly exposed.
Pamela Anderson brought “healthy” food for Julian Assange on Sunday. If he's dead, I'd have that food tested. https://t.co/UO53SJm1FD — Roosh (@rooshv) October 17, 2016
Advertisement
No doubt sensing that the walls were closing in, the Clintons extended their tentacles to longtime puppet Vivienne Westwood, forcing the fashion designer to explain to the Daily Mail that Anderson had visited Assange only to “discuss a new trust they want to set up”—no doubt another subliminal message, planted by Clinton psy-ops agents to foster “trust” in them Later, the Clinton apparatus continued to feed us disinformation through the myriad media arms it controls—in particular Gizmodo, which was recently acquired by Univision, and whose chairperson, Haim Saban, has worked closely with its campaign. Gizmodo published an article explaining that the 64-character codes in those alarming tweets are standard “pre-commitment” sequences used to confirm a document has not been tampered with. Yes. Nothing to see here. Go back to sleep.
Advertisement
The shadowy Clinton/Saban cabal then instructed some hack peon at The A.V. Club—a part of the Univision-backed Onion Inc.—to write another inane article mocking the theory about Pamela Anderson killing Julian Assange with vegan food, rather than digging earnestly into #PodestaEmails10. Together, these members of the mainstream media ensured the continued rigging of the upcoming presidential election, which, short of conscripting a Baywatch star into murder, is the only way that Clinton could ever hope to defeat a dangerously megalomaniacal narcissist whose sexual assault accusations are just a part of a sustained, primal, teeth-baring frottage against the world.
Anyway, while Assange hasn't actually been murdered (Or has he?!), WikiLeaks did say today that its internet connection was “intentionally” cut off, later blaming it on Ecuador. While the Ecuadorian Embassy won't confirm or deny that, WikiLeaks says it has since put into place “appropriate contingency plans” to deal with the outage. Presumably this involves not accepting sandwiches from anyone, no matter how famous. You can't trust anyone anymore.
Who are you planning on voting for to be Labour's next leader? It's the question Labour members, affiliates and supporters will be asking each other over the summer months. So we put it to our readers.
On first preferences Jeremy Corbyn triumphed with a huge 73% of the vote. The Islington North undoubtedly has a large appeal and a sizeable support base. As Maya Goodfellow pointed out on Wednesday the clarity and sincerity of their campaign stands them in good stead.
But this kind of landslide victory is extremely unlikely – for any of the candidates. These results, therefore, seem to overstate Corbyn's popularity. Particularly when you consider that this week's YouGov poll had them on 43% for first preferences and 53% once two other candidates had been knocked out. What this, in part speaks to, is their supporters' extremely strong online organisation.
It's also worth mentioning at this point that ours is a self-selecting, unweighted e-mail survey. So although Corbyn does have clear support – and could win the contest, like any of the other candidates – this result should not increase the unnecessary hysteria that has followed evidence of Corbyn's success.
In second place is Liz Kendall on 10%. This is a very different result for the Leicester West MP from the YouGov poll where they came in last. Although our survey and YouGov's results are not directly comparable what might be seen as their relative success them could be down to a number of factors. There could be a ‘shy Kendall' effect, or they may have simply picked up more supporters in recent days. Alternatively, it could be that the calls for them to drop out of the contest over the past days inspired a reaction to show support for them candidacy.
However, this seems unlikely when we compare this with the other results. Yvette Cooper comes in third with 9%, and two points behind them is Andy Burnham on 7%. When we last asked this question prior to Mary Creagh dropping out of the race Burnham was in second place (13%) and Kendall was in third (11%) and Cooper was in fourth (9%). This means Kendall has taken the lead over Burnham – as has Cooper – but is one point down from last time. This result, then, could be related to outfall from the welfare bill vote – especially as the YouGov polling was carried out prior to this row. Kendall from the outset said they supported Harman, while Yvette Cooper and Andy Burnham vocalised their opposition to the bill. However, both abstained after voting for the Reasoned Amendment, which was defeated. It could be that these events dinted Cooper's and Burnham's support – the latter more so as they are, arguably, a more vocal critical of the Bill. If this were the case, these results would not suggest a rise in support for Kendall but a fall in support for Burnham. Although it is, of course, difficult to pin any of this down to one single factor.
Regardless, most people who voted are set on their choice, for the moment. Only 2% said they didn't know who would get their first preference.
What's the picture when it comes to second preferences? The results read as follows:
No second preference 40%, Andy Burnham 22%, Yvette Cooper 20%, Don't know 10%, Jeremy Corbyn 4%, Liz Kendall 4%
The results are more interesting when we break them down into whom each candidate's supporters would put as their second preference. A large proportion – 50% – of those who said that won't put a second preference come from Corbyn supporters. While all other candidates' first preference voters are inclined to put a second preference (only 11-15% said from each camp they wouldn't), the same cannot be said of Corbyn's. This, however, is perhaps reflective again of this active internet following and does not necessarily reflect the Islington North MP's broader support base.
There are some interesting trends. For those who are backing Burnham, Cooper is the favourite in second preferences – 49% put the shadow home secretary as their number two choice. The same is true the other way round; 41% of those who put Cooper as their first preference opted for Burnham as their second.
This indicates that there is a degree of overlap in Burnham's and Cooper's support and suggests that if either of them did well in the first round, they could end up benefitting from one another's support assuming the other didn't come in second.
But these two don't just stand to pick up support from one another's supporters. Cooper benefits from Kendall supporters (53% put them as their second preference), while Burnham benefits from Corbyn supporters, albeit they are less generous; only 22% put Burnham as their second preference. Essentially from these results Cooper and Burnham stand to do best when it comes to second preferences.
Other interesting trends: A larger amount of Burnham supporters would put Corbyn as their second preference than Cooper backers – at 23% and 14% respectively. In fact, more Cooper backers would put Kendall as their second preference than Corbyn. And although a sizeable number of Kendall supporters are likely to be keen on Cooper, this isn't a mutual exchange.
Finally we asked whether there should there be an immediate review into how Labour is running the leadership election. There have been some suggestions that the hustings process has exhausted candidates and stopped them from adequately addressing why Labour lost the election. LabourList readers are split on the subject: 43% said no and 31% said yes. A sizeable 26% aren't sure.
5,438 people voted in this week's survey. Thankyou to everyone who took part.
Thanks to an expansive trail network and forward-thinking investments made over the decades, Arlington County is a terrific place to ride a bike for fun, commuting, and just getting around. Trails like the Mount Vernon Trail and Custis Trail see thousands of bicycle trips per day through neighborhoods and the downtown core. Where those trails end, a growing network of quiet neighborhood streets and bike lanes take over to get people where they are going. At least, that is how it should work. Trouble is, many of those bike lanes are on busy roads with high speed traffic and high parking turnover. These streets are stressful for people who bike and unrideable for more tentative riders. It does not have to be this way.
Today, WABA's Action Committee for Arlington County is pleased to announce its first campaign for a Bike Friendly Ballston. Our goal, make Quincy Street a welcoming entrance into a more walkable, bikeable Ballston.
The existing Quincy Street bike lanes are uncomfortably close to frequent and fast moving traffic. The bike lanes disappear at a major intersection forcing people on bicycles to merge with drivers already navigating a tricky intersection. Delivery vehicles and double parked cars frequently block these lanes creating more merging conflicts as drivers and bicyclists try to share the same space. A redesigned Quincy Street with protected bike lanes would make a safer and more inviting place to ride. It would create a low stress connection to the nearby Custis trail. Finally, it would be the first step in a protected north-south route through central Arlington.
Read more about Bike Friendly Ballston
Kick off the Campaign with us!
On Wednesday, October 21, join our Action Committee in Ballston for a short walk on Quincy Street to see why these changes are needed. Starting at the Central Library, we will look at some of the troublesome areas and intersections that make Quincy St. an ideal place for a protected bike lane. Then, join us for drinks and discussion on the details at a local watering hole. We hope you can join us to get started on this exciting campaign. Please spread the word!
Bike Friendly Ballston Kickoff
When: Wednesday, Oct 21 6:30 pm
Where Arlington Central Library 1015 N Quincy Street
Join Us
As the candidates for president reintroduced themselves at their conventions and began the last phase of the campaign, they received markedly different treatment in social media than in the mainstream press, a new study finds.
The conversation on Twitter, blogs and Facebook about Mitt Romney and Barack Obama during this key period changed little with events-even during the two candidates' own nominating conventions. The conversation in all of these platforms was also consistently negative, according to the study by the Pew Research Center's Project for Excellence in Journalism.
In the mainstream media, by contrast, both Romney and Obama received a version of the traditional convention bounce, with coverage about them becoming more positive during the week of their party's nationally televised gathering.
The media portrait of this key month in the campaign is consistent with what PEJ has seen in social media throughout the campaign. Whether it would prove true in other campaigns cannot be known. But the differences raise a question about whether social media may make what Americans hear about politics more negative and may make it harder for political actors, particularly those trailing in the polls, to alter the media narrative.
On Twitter, for instance, the percentage of negative discourse about Romney was identical during the two convention weeks-and made up the majority of assertions. The level of positive discourse, meanwhile, varied by just two points between the two weeks. On Facebook, the numbers barely budged. There was a more noticeable shift in tone during the conventions, though modest, on blogs.
During their convention, Obama received a modest improvement in the tone of the conversation about them on Twitter, and somewhat less on Facebook and blogs, but the tone in all three venues remained consistently negative.
In the mainstream press, by contrast, positive stories about Romney during their convention outnumbered negative ones by about two-to-one. Obama's positive stories outnumbered their negative ones, by a somewhat smaller margin, during the Democratic convention.
The study also finds that generally more of the discourse has been focused on Obama rather than on Romney. The President has been the subject of more Twitter traffic, more YouTube viewings, more blog and Facebook conversation and even more mainstream news coverage. The only time that changed noticeably-and was likely unwanted-was on Twitter the week that a video surfaced in which Romney derided the 47% of Americans who do not pay income tax.
These are among the results of one-month study of the tone of discourse across 52 mainstream media outlets, the full range of conversation on Twitter, a large sampling on Facebook and in blogs, as well as a measure of traffic on YouTube.
The study examined the tone and volume of news coverage and social media conversation from August 27 to September 23 across a wide range of media platforms. Human researchers studied 1,084 stories in 52 mainstream media outlets-from television, print, radio and news websites. And a combination of human coding combined with computer software from the company Crimson Hexagon analyzed more than 18 million posts on Twitter, 323,000 on Facebook, and 690,000 on blogs. In addition, researchers examined the traffic to key videos of the candidates on YouTube during the same period.
Twitter
The week of the GOP convention, from August 27-September 2, fully 59% of the Twitter assertions about Romney were negative while 17% were positive. The following week, when the Democrats held their convention, Romney's numbers were virtually the same, again 59% negative and 19% positive.
These figures for Twitter reinforce what PEJ has seen throughout the campaign season about this growing social media platform. For every single one of the 16 weeks studied since June 4, the tone of the conversation about Romney has been negative-by a differential of at least 34 points.
The settled tone of that dialogue is reflected in the fact that during the week of September 17-23, when the damaging 47% video surfaced, the numbers were nearly the same as the week of Romney's convention, when Republicans were putting out their most positive messages about the candidate. The week of the video, 62% of the Twitter conversation about Romney was negative, and 14% positive.
Obama did enjoy some bounce on Twitter from their convention, but that proved ephemeral. The week of the Democratic convention, from September 3-9, Obama could boast that the gap between positive assertions about them (31%) and negative assertions (42%) narrowed to 11 points, about half of what it had been the week before when they were being rhetorically pummeled at the GOP convention.
Since then the Twitter conversation about Obama has returned to levels typical of what PEJ has seen throughout the general election period, with negative assertions exceeding positive ones about the president by about 20 points.
And with the exception of the week of the Democratic convention, the tone of Twitter conversation about Obama has been more negative than positive each week since June by a differential of at least 19 points.
Blogs
The conversation about the candidates on blogs has also been highly negative, and here it is distinguished by how evenly split it was during the conventions. At the time of the GOP gathering, negative assertions about Romney in the blogs studied outstripped positive ones by 22 points (41% to 19%). That same week, the conversation about Obama tilted to the negative by 30 points (45% negative and 15% positive).
The week of the Democratic convention, the conversation was again harshly negative for both, with a similar easing toward the host party. The conversation about Obama was negative by 24 points (43% to 19%). And the conversation about Romney was negative by 30 points, (46% negative assertions to 16% positive).
Since then, the conversation among bloggers has become worse for Romney. The week after the Democratic convention, the negative to positive gap for Romney grew to 34 points (48% negative and 14% positive). The following week, it increased further, to 41 points (54% negative and 13% positive).
In the case of Obama, the conversation in the blogosphere has remained fairly static since the Democratic convention.
Facebook
Of the three main social media venues in which the tone of conversation can be assessed by PEJ, the treatment of the candidates has been the most unchanging on Facebook. Here the sample is more limited. All that can be analyzed is a random sampling of Facebook posts that users are willing to have seen publicly. Presumably, that is a conversation that is designed to persuade but may not reflect the full range of what people say to just their “friends” on Facebook.
What was in this space during the month was overwhelmingly negative and barely budged. In each of the four weeks, negative assertions about Romney exceeded positive ones by 43 points-exactly.
There was a little more variation for Obama and a mildly positive trend. During the Republican convention, negative assertions about the president outstripped positive ones by 49 points. During the Democratic convention, that dropped just slightly, to a 42 point negative differential. The last week studied, September 17-23, that had narrowed to 33 points-21% percent positive and 54% negative.
The Volume of Attention on Social Media
Another way of gauging the social media response to the candidates during the convention period is to look at volume, or how much attention was focused on each candidate. Here, there is a clearer distinction between Obama and Romney. For most of the month, most of the attention, whether measured in conversation or in views on YouTube, was focused on the president and Democrats.
On Twitter, Obama was the focus of more than twice as many assertions during the week of the Democratic convention than Romney was during the Republican convention (4.92 million assertions versus 1.98 million). That pattern, more attention to Obama, has held throughout the general election period and all of 2012, even during the period of the GOP primaries.
The two exceptions came just recently. The week of the GOP convention, Romney was the subject of slightly more assertions on Twitter than Obama – 1,975,872 to 1,958,298. The only occasion when Romney was in a significantly larger number was the week of September 17-23 when the 47% video surfaced. That week, there were 2.3 million Twitter assertions about the GOP nominee versus 1.9 million about Obama.
This generally higher focus on Obama is also reflected in the volume on Facebook. During Romney's convention week, for instance, there was more conversation about Obama than Romney by about 18%. And during Obama's convention week, the conversation about the president outstripped that of Romney by about 3-to-1, 166,724 assertions compared to 51,762.
The same basic volume pattern prevailed on blogs. During the GOP convention week, the Obama conversation was more than 17% greater than for Romney. During the Democratic convention week, it was twice as big.
And unlike Twitter, even the emergence of the now famous 47% video did not move the focus of the conversation from Obama toward Romney on blogs and Facebook.
The higher interest in Obama and the Democrats in social media is also reflected in the viewership of videos since the two conventions. For instance, through September 21, 2012, Obama's acceptance speech on various YouTube channels has been viewed nearly five times as often as Romney's (4.9 million to 1.1 million). And contrary to what some observers might speculate, Obama's speech has also been viewed more than former President Bill Clinton's address to the nation, though that speech, in various forms, has been viewed on YouTube nearly four times as often as Romney (3.9 million times to Romney's 1.1 million). The same pattern can be seen in the numbers as they relate to the wives of the candidates. Michelle Obama's speech has been viewed 3.2 million times, about five times as often as the one delivered by Ann Romney (563,000).
The only major Republican figure to generate more attention than their Democratic counterpart on YouTube was vice-presidential nominee Paul Ryan, whose speech has attracted 457,000 views compared with 173,000 for Vice President Joseph Biden, whose speech was not delivered in prime time.
The only other speaker at the Republican convention to generate major YouTube attention was one that Romney might like to forget. That was actor and director Clint Eastwood's “empty chair” speech. Since Eastwood's appearance, that video has been viewed 3.2 million times.
The only GOP video since the convention to be viewed more often than the Eastwood clip was footage of Romney's 47% remarks to fundraisers, which as of September 24, had been viewed 3.4 million times. That is still less, however, than the president's acceptance speech or Clinton's remarks.
Mainstream Media
The one media platform where the tone of the discourse changed markedly during the last month, and where a candidate managed to generate more positive than negative treatment, however briefly, was in the mainstream news media.
Here, in a sample that also includes cable and talk radio hosts, Romney fared somewhat better during their convention week than Obama during his.
The week of the GOP convention, 36% of the stories about Romney studied in the mainstream media outlets was positive compared with 15% negative-a margin of 21 points. The week of the Democratic gathering, 32% of the stories about Obama were positive compared with 22% negative-a gap of 10 points.
Since then, Obama's coverage has turned somewhat negative, but is still far better than Romney's. In the week following the conclusion of the conventions, September 10-16, 20% of the stories about Obama have been positive compared to 24% negative.
For Romney, the majority of stories (53%) that week were negative. Strikingly, of the 130 stories about Romney examined from the mainstream press that week, researchers found none in which positive assertions about Romney outnumbered negative ones by a ratio of 3-2, the threshold used to determine a story as having a clear tone. But 47% of the stories that week were mixed in tone, meaning that the assertions about Romney were fairly evenly divided.
The mainstream press has also given more attention to Obama during this period, even with the negative publicity associated with Romney's video. From August 27 to September 16, Obama was a bigger newsmaker than Romney, the focus of 667 stories compared with 477 for their rival. [1] And while the number of stories about Romney exceeded those about Obama by more than 30% during the Republican convention, Obama was the focus on more than twice as many stories as Romney during the Democratic convention.
Footnote
[1] Unlike the social media sample, which included the four weeks from August 27-September 23, the mainstream media sample includes three weeks, from August 27-September 16. This reflects the fact that the human coding of mainstream media outlets takes more time than the computer algorithmic coding of social media.
BALASORE (Odisha): In its efforts to have a full-fledged and multi-layered Ballistic Missile Defence system, India on Sunday successfully test-fired indigenously developed supersonic interceptor missile, capable of destroying any incoming ballistic missile, from a test range off Odisha coast.
“The test conducted to validate various parameters of the interceptor in flight mode has been successful,” Defence Research Develop­ment Organisation (DRDO) sources said.
Video of the missile.
The interceptor engaged a target which was a naval version of Prithvi missile launched from a ship anchored inside Bay of Bengal, taking up the trajectory of the “hostile ballistic missile”.
The target missile was launched at about 11:15am and the interceptor, an Advanced Air Defence missile positioned on the Abdul Kalam island (Wheeler Island), roared through its trajectory to destroy the “hostile missile” in mid-air after getting signals from tracking radars, the sources said.
“The ‘kill' effect of the interceptor was ascertained by analysing data from multiple tracking sources,” a DRDO scientist said.
The interceptor is a 7.5-metre-long single-stage solid rocket-propelled guided missile equipped with a navigation system, a hi-tech computer and an electro-mechanical activator, the sources said.
The interceptor had its own mobile launcher, secure data link for inter­ception, independent tracking and homing capabilities and sophisticated radars, they added.
By arrangement with the Times of India
Published in Dawn, May 16th, 2016
This one is for the guys over at the New Japan Purocast (thanks for the shout-out).
At Wrestle Kingdom, on January 4th in Tokyo Dome, Hirooki Goto will challenge Minoru Suzuki for their NEVER Openweight Title.
Suzuki thought they were done with Goto, having beaten them earlier in the year. Goto, on the other hand, still felt that they deserved another shot. Suzuki argued that they were the only one taking a risk, by putting their title on the line. Goto responded by offering to shave their head if they failed to beat Suzuki. This was enough pique Suzuki's interest, and the match was set.
What has many fans scratching their heads is, “What's the big deal with Goto risking their hair?” This is a valid question, as it never seemed that Goto was the type who would give a lot of thought to their appearance.
But the truth is, this isn't about sacrificing vanity, it's about submitting oneself. In Japanese culture, having a shaved head is an indiction of being young, a boy, or a student. That's why the Young Lions traditionally have shaved heads or short hairstyles, especially when they are just starting.
Suzuki recognizes that fact in this backstage promo:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DeiIGUrh-nk&t=33s
Once more, Goto's hair, while not necessarily valuable, represents all the have left. They allude to having nothing else, which might be a comment on their place within the company, that line they seem to be walking between upper and mid level placement.
They mention being on the edge here:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kk-YpfQClSA
Perhaps more significiantly, shaving your head also symbolizes shame, a kind of public punishment for not doing what you were supposed to. A recent and high-profile example is of a Japanese pop star who was revealed to have been seeing someone, which was against the group rules (different culture). In dramatic act of contrition, they shaved their head on video, while crying and apologizing. Story here.
In a more possitve spin, shaving your head is also seen as a rebirth, freeing yourself from distraction to gain more focus. Would I be going too far off the rails by pointing to Brintey Spears, here? I'll just stick to the example of little league baseball players in Japan shaving their head to show their dedication. That's better.
In conclusion, this match isn't hair, it's about pride, status, power, and having nothing else to lose. Hopefully, that helps in making the match a little more interesting.
IOWA GOP LEADER: THOUSANDS of Democrats, Independents have CHANGED PARTY to Vote in GOP Caucus (VIDEO)
The Trump Factor?
Jeff Kaufmann, Iowa Republican Party Chairman, told FOX News this morning that HUNDREDS of Democrats and Independents in Iowa have changed their party to Republican over the last several weeks to participate in the Iowa GOP caucus.
Jeff Kaufmann: When I talk about intensity, I'm talking about, we're now getting about 100 phone calls and hour into RPI (Republican Party of Iowa)… To put that into perspective, we get usually 5 or 6 an hour normally. This is beyond the pale… A lot of Democrats and Independents are asking about changing their vote to Republican. The Secretary of State's report last week indicated over 3,000 people have done that already. I think we're going to see a little bit of a surge that way.
Kuafmann credited the Trump and Rand Paul campaigns for this surge in new GOP voters.
Via America's Newsroom:
Donald Trump was the only presidential candidate who highlighted that the Clinton-backed earthquake recovery project in Haiti was an absolute disgrace, Dr. Dady Chery, a Haitian-born journalist, told Sputnik, adding that they believe that Haitian-Americans are not the only ones who voted for Trump to see the Clintons brought to justice.
Donald Trump won't appoint a special prosecutor to investigate Hillary Clinton, as they promised back in October, the US President-elect's aide signaled Tuesday.
Hillary Clinton should have been prosecuted and should be in jail. Instead they are running for president in what looks like a rigged election — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) 15 октября 2016 г.
​"I think when the President-elect, who's also the head of your party, tells you before he's even inaugurated that they don't wish to pursue these charges, it sends a very strong message, tone and content," Kellyanne Conway, former Trump's campaign manager, told MSNBC as quoted by The Daily Caller News Foundation.
The question then arises, whether controversial episodes such as, for example, the Clintons' role in the recovery project in Haiti back in 2010, will be simply swept under the rug.
The Clintons-Backed Earthquake Recovery Project in Haiti
After Wikileaks released Hillary Clinton's personal emails it became clear that the US response to Haiti earthquake back in 2010 was hardly a "success story."
"People were still in mourning, about three weeks after the devastating earthquake of January 12, 2010, when the US Ambassador to Haiti, Kenneth Merten, wrote a situation paper for the State Department, and they cheerfully titled a section of it 'The Gold Rush is on!' Thanks to a Wikileaks cable from February 1, 2010, we know that the State Department was privately cheering Haiti's misfortune while Secretary Hillary Clinton was publicly acting like they were heartbroken about Haiti," Dr. Dady Chery, a Haitian-born journalist and News Junkie Post Co-Editor in Chief told Sputnik.
"The gold rush meant an avalanche of Haitian contracts to private businesses. It also meant many grants and contracts from USAID to politically connected contractors from the Washington DC area. Most of them were 'Friends of Bill,' or 'FOBs,' who had made donations to the Clinton Foundation, as we also learned from an ABC News investigation and Freedom of Information Act documents," Chery continued.
The journalist recalled that the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) gave out about $1.5 billion of grants and contracts for the Caribbean country in 2010 but only 35 percent of the sum was spent by 2012.
What is more embarrassing is that there were no financial reviews and virtually no accounting of the expenditures, the journalist stressed.
"Immediately after the earthquake, the Clintons also collected about $30 million for Haiti through the Clinton Foundation. From the foundation's taxes, we know that only about 10 percent of funds were spent on charity, so only about $3 million were spent on Haiti, and it is unclear how. There were also about $54 million from the Bush-Clinton Fund, but most of that money was spent on mortgages, microfinance, and on refurbishing and building luxury hotels," Chery told Sputnik.
However, that is half the story.
© AP Photo / American Red Cross Collapsed buildings following earthquake, in Haiti's capital Port-au-Prince. (File)
HRC and Haitian 'Coup D'Etat'
The Interim Haiti Recovery Commission (IHRC), chaired by Bill Clinton, literally took over the reins of the Caribbean country in April 2010, after Haiti's President, Rene Preval, was pressured into declaring a state of emergency.
"In what was essentially a coup, President Preval was stripped of their power and allowed only a symbolic veto," Chery underscored.
"Right after the IHRC was formed, Haiti's legislators organized massive nationwide protests that went on for months. Throughout Haiti, people called the state of emergency, a 'coup d'etat d'urgence,'" they pointed out.
The only way the Clintons could sustain power over Haiti was to push Preval to organize presidential elections, Chery noted.
Citing an interview of Ricardo Seitenfus, then Special Representative of the OAS (Organization of the American States), the journalist highlighted that the elections were rigged and Clinton-backed Michel Martelly won the presidency.
"With Martelly in place, the Clintons did whatever they wanted. By July 2011, three months before the IHRC's 18-month mandate was over, they had collected $3.2 billion and spent only $84 million doing only five out of 75 projects they had planned," the Haitian journalist stressed.
"In a meeting on August 11, 2011, the Chair of the Senate Public Works Committee accused the IHRC of taking credit for projects that had been funded before it even existed. The IHRC was not renewed by Haiti's parliament, but the Clintons kept right on raising money. By 2012, the IHRC had collected $5.9 billion out of a total of $9.5 billion of pledged donations," they underscored.
© AP Photo / Dieu Nalio Chery A resident works to repair their roof after it was ripped away by Hurricane Matthew in Jeremie, Haiti, Friday, Oct. 7, 2016
Donald Trump Shed Light on the Clintons' Disgrace in Haiti
Chery emphasized that Donald Trump was the only presidential candidate to mention Haiti as being a disgrace for Hillary Clinton.
"New emails revealed today by ABC News show that during the deadly earthquake in Haiti, which killed over 150,000 people, the Clintons couldn't stop cashing in," Trump's campaign website said.
"In their biggest project, the Clintons used $400 million in aid and US taxpayer funds to build what amounted to a sweatshop," the website read, referring to yet another controversial project kicked off by the Clintons in Haiti — the Caracol Industrial Park.
How can the US under Trump help Haiti to recover from the disaster caused by the Clinton's policies against the Caribbean country?
Chery called attention to the fact that "Haiti needs justice and fairness from the US much more than it needs foreign aid."
© AP Photo / Pablo Martinez Monsivais 'Family Business': Who Gave Money to Clinton Foundation
"Many aspects of Clinton's dictatorship continue today. First, there is the fact that more than 96 percent of Haiti's reconstruction funds have disappeared. If the Clintons are tried under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act (RICO) and found guilty, some of this money could be recovered, at the least by confiscating their properties," the Haitian journalist suggested.
"Another Clinton policy that continues to damage Haiti is the sale of subsidized rice to the country, mostly from Arkansas," they added, "This is bad for Haitian agriculture, which cannot compete against subsidized goods."
But what is more important, Chery pointed out, "a Trump government could adopt and enforce a policy of noninterference in Haiti's political affairs."
Alas, the story of the Clintons' involvement in Haiti is far from being over, the journalist remarked, assuming that Bill and Hillary Clinton may still use their UN connections to "keep their hooks" in the small Caribbean country.
"After all, they have a financial interest in Haiti's gold mines through Hillary's brother, Tony Rodham," they noted.
"I don't think Haitian-Americans are the only ones who voted for Trump mainly because they wanted to see the Clintons brought to justice. There are many Americans who object to their government being peddled like a stolen watch on a street corner," Chery concluded.
The views expressed in this article are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the official position of Sputnik.
Global Equities Research's Managing Director Trip Chowdhry shared their view of the round of layoffs going on in the tech industry right now.
According to the note, layoffs in the industry are surging; over the next 12 months, the sector will see about 330,000 dismissals.
Yahoo! Inc. (NASDAQ: YHOO) is laying of 15 percent of its workforce, or about 1,600 employees, while VMware, Inc. (NYSE: VMW) will make 900 employees redundant – about 5 percent of its staff.
“This is just a start,” the analyst stated. Over 2016, they expect to see 1,900 more employees fired at Yahoo – bringing the total to 3,500 layoffs this year.
Related Link: Chowdhry: Major Tech Layoffs Are Coming, Fed's Dudley Is 'Clueless' On Labor Market
The firm's reasons for the layoffs at Yahoo include:
A shift in users' behavior.
A lack of new successful product launches.
“Inherent efficiencies and productivity gains within the Internet industry, that makes people redundant fast.”
“Rapid obsolescence of existing employee skills.”
Massive Layoffs
Chowdhry then disclosed their reasons to believe that the tech sector alone will see more than 330,000 firings over the next year. These included:
“Technology shift to Cloud Native and Mobile Native applications”
“Improving IT Efficiency by Micro-services, On-Demand and Spot Pricing”
“Value Migration from Technology Integration to Domain Specific Expertise”
A shift in consumers' behavior.
Below is a list of how many employees Chowdhry believes will be fired at specific companies:
EMC Corporation (NYSE: EMC): between 10,000 and 14,000 layoffs – or 15 to 20 percent of its workforce.
(NYSE: EMC): between 10,000 and 14,000 layoffs – or 15 to 20 percent of its workforce. Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (NYSE: HPE): about 72,000 – 30 percent.
(NYSE: HPE): about 72,000 – 30 percent. HP Inc (NYSE: HPQ): roughly 86,000 – 30 percent.
(NYSE: HPQ): roughly 86,000 – 30 percent. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM): about 95,000 – 25 percent.
(NYSE: IBM): about 95,000 – 25 percent. Cisco Systems, Inc. (NASDAQ: CSCO): about 14,000 – 20 percent.
(NASDAQ: CSCO): about 14,000 – 20 percent. Juniper Networks, Inc. (NYSE: JNPR): about 1,300 –15 percent.
(NYSE: JNPR): about 1,300 –15 percent. Oracle Corporation (NYSE: ORCL): about 26,000 – 20 percent.
(NYSE: ORCL): about 26,000 – 20 percent. Microsoft Corporation (NASDAQ: MSFT): about 18,000 – 15 percent (“Microsoft is letting go about 200 to 250 people every week, and none of these are ever announced")
(NASDAQ: MSFT): about 18,000 – 15 percent (“Microsoft is letting go about 200 to 250 people every week, and none of these are ever announced") NetApp Inc. (NASDAQ: NTAP): about 1,800 – 15 percent.
(NASDAQ: NTAP): about 1,800 – 15 percent. Symantec Corporation (NASDAQ: SYMC): about 2,800 – 15 percent.
(NASDAQ: SYMC): about 2,800 – 15 percent. F5 Networks, Inc. (NASDAQ: FFIV): about 450 – 10 percent.
(NASDAQ: FFIV): about 450 – 10 percent. Yelp Inc (NYSE: YELP): about 1,000 – 30 percent.
Disclosure: Javier Hasse holds no positions in any of the securities mentioned above.
New Ebola hotspots are emerging in Sierra Leone with infection rates surpassing Kailahun or Kenema, the original epicentres of the virus in the country. One such area is Port Loko district in Northern Province which does not yet have a treatment centre. Local nurses are doing their best to provide what care they can to quarantined homes.
“The mother complained that their daughter vomited yesterday,” says nurse Oumou Hawa Bah during a visit to a quarantined home in Kontah Bana village, near Lunsar.
Radio Report
Since Bah's last visit, the woman's son has died from suspected Ebola. They have already lost their husband and looks at the nurse in despair when told that they must try not to touch their remaining two children. The nurses are worried about continued transmission of the virus because they do not know which family members, if any, are infected.
Bah, who's dressed in protective goggles, surgical mask and surgical gloves, takes all of their temperatures noting them down and explaining that they have administered anti-malarial drugs. Because they cannot test these people for Ebola, providing anti-malarial drugs for a fever is the only recourse they have.
The mother says they have a headache. The nurses determine that this and the other symptoms exhibited by the rest of their family could be Ebola or any number of other illnesses.
These nurses have travelled from nearby St John of God hospital to Kontah Bana and several other villages daily to monitor suspected Ebola cases and quarantined homes.
As the nurses try to comfort the mother and their children, Mariatu Deen Koroman walks behind the group along the mud road.  They are reluctant to tell their story at first, but eventually recalls how Ebola has ravaged them family.
“I lost my husband, I lost my mother and my younger sister,” they say, breaking down halfway through their story, holding back the tears.
The 26-year-old composes themselves after a few minutes, explaining that they were in Port Loko holding centre from 8 September until 1 November. They say they were caring for their mother before they contracted suspected Ebola.
At the holding centre they received medicine and food. When describing their symptoms they say they were feeling “weak, vomiting and stooling”.
Koroman has nine children depending on them and no job to support them. “Please government, help us,” they plead with desperation in their voice.
At the end of the village the nurses pay a visit to a second quarantined home. A father, their son, four daughters and a baby come out to greet the nurses, keeping themselves behind a bamboo stick barring the path to the house.
“They have been quarantined for three days,” says nurse Connie Osmana. The mother and one of the children have already died from suspected Ebola.
Once again all members of the family have their temperatures taken, however the family is not being as compliant with the security forces enforcing the quarantine.
“They are taking the children out,” says Osmana. “So that's why we are talking to them, that they should stop that,” they add, keen that Ebola does not spread to the rest of the village.
Port Loko district has recorded 565 confirmed cases of Ebola, the fourth highest in the country, according to statistics published by the National Ebola Response Centre on 7 November. The UN has warned that Ebola cases in Sierra Leone are being underreported by up to 50 per cent, according to reports.
International Medical Corps is constructing a 100 bed Ebola treatment centre a few kilometres from Konteh Bana, which they say will be operational by the end of November.
For now, the nurses are the only lifeline the two quarantined homes have, as these families wait out the 21-day period to ensure that they are Ebola-free, until the new treatment centre opens in Lunsar.
The Giza Pyramids are pictured behind the Nile river and buildings in Cairo. File picture: Amr Abdallah /Reuters
Cairo - Gunmen on a motorcycle opened fire on a security vehicle Friday killing five police officers just a short distance from some of Egypt's oldest pyramids in Giza, officials said. The shooting in the early hours of the morning took place in the village of Abusir in Badrashin, part of Greater Cairo, and the slain police officers were part of the force tasked to guard the district of Saqqara, one of Egypt's most popular tourist sites and host to a collection of temples, tombs and funerary complexes.
Authorities cordoned off the area and ambulances rushed to the site of the attack, which is located near the famous Step Pyramid of King Djoser. It is the oldest of Egypt's more than 90 pyramids and the forerunner of the more familiar straight-sided pyramids in Giza on the outskirts of Cairo.
Attackers stole the weapons and radios of the victims and tried to set fire to the bodies but fled upon seeing people gathering nearby, witnesses said.
The Interior Ministry said that the militants sprayed the police officers's vehicle with bullets from machine guns as the security force was on the move to patrol the surroundings. They fled after one police officer returned gunfire, the ministry said in a statement.
Earlier, officials said that the attackers were masked and that they targeted a checkpoint.
There was no immediate claim of responsibility.
The attack comes a week after Islamic militants killed 23 army personnel in Sinai Peninsula. Egypt has been under a state of emergency since April after suicide bombers struck two churches north of Cairo, killing scores of Christians.
Insurgents have carried out a number of attacks in Egypt since the 2013 military ouster of an elected Islamist president. The violence has been concentrated in the northern Sinai Peninsula, but attacks spread in the mainland, including in the capital where suicide bombers have struck churches and security headquarters.
The Islamic State group affiliate has claimed responsibility for major attacks. However, a shadowy group called Hasm, or "Decisiveness," which the government suspects is linked to the now-banned Muslim Brotherhood, has claimed responsibility for similar drive-by shootings and attacks targeting police, military, judges and pro-government figures.
The brotherhood won a series of elections in Egypt following the 2011 uprising that toppled longtime autocrat Hosni Mubarak, and Mohammed Morsi, a senior Brotherhood leader, became Egypt's first freely elected president the following year. Their brief rule proved divisive, and the military overthrew them in 2013. Authorities outlawed the Brotherhood a few months later, declaring it a terrorist group.
Last Friday, IS claimed responsibility for a stunning attack on a remote Egyptian army outpost in the Sinai Peninsula with a suicide car bomb and heavy machine gun fire Friday, killing at least 23 soldiers. It was the deadliest attack in the turbulent region in two years. On the same day, Hasm claimed responsibility for shooting and killing a police officer as they were heading for Friday prayers.
Over the past days, the government announced killings of members of Hasm in alleged shootouts with security forces. In previous incidents, families of the slain suspects challenged authorities' accounts and accuse them of illegal detentions, torture, and executions of their beloved ones. Last week, Hasm accused authorities of killing its detained members and vowed to continue its attacks on security forces.
While Hasm distances itself from attacking Egypt's Christians, the IS affiliate has concentrated its campaign on Coptic Christians, calling them the group's "favorite prey" and over the past months, suicide bombers struck three churches and a bus carrying Coptic Christians killing more than 100 people. Egypt's Christians account for about 10 percent of the country's 93 million people and extremists use Christians' support for the military ouster of Morsi as a justification for attacks.
The attacks prompted the Egyptian churches to suspend religious festivals and group tours for the remainder after authorities warned them about possible attacks by Islamic militants. Troops backed by armored vehicles and snipers would be deployed outside monasteries hosting major religious festivals in coming weeks. At least two of these festivals will take place in Assiut, home to a sizeable Christian community. In addition to the major suicide bombings, militants have forced displacement of scores of Christian families in northern Sinai after a spate of shootings.
Associated Press
A former director of issues management at the Prime Minister's Office who was being cross-examined at the Mike Duffy trial may not have been acting improperly by chatting at the Ottawa courthouse with the current holder of the job, but it showed poor judgment, criminal lawyers say.
Chris Woodcock, a Crown witness at the trial, was spotted talking with Nick Koolsbergen, who is on leave from their PMO position and is working on the party's election campaign. Koolsbergen had been monitoring the trial for the past few weeks. Christopher McFarlane, another Tory staffer, had also been a constant presence at the trial.
Nick Koolsbergen is on leave from their PMO position and is working on the party's election campaign. They had been monitoring the Duffy trial for the past few weeks. (Lorian Belanger/Radio-Canada)
"You'd think that there would be a level of common sense that the appearance of chatting up a witness during cross-examination would probably be frowned upon and taken with some suspicion," said Jason Gilbert, an Ottawa-based criminal lawyer.
"Why would they put themselves in that position to even be questioned. It's poor judgment."
Witnesses are usually instructed by judges or counsel not to discuss their testimony with anyone while they are being cross-examined. Legally, there is nothing wrong with a witness, in the middle of being cross-examined, chatting with anyone while on break, during lunch, or back at home, even if their testimony may carry over to the next day.
"Doesn't mean they have to take an oath of silence like a monk and they can't talk to anybody, but they certainly can't be talking about the case," Gilbert said.
And it certainly raises eyebrows if discussions are taking place between a witness and someone, like Koolsbergen, who would have a vested interest in the outcome of the case.
Christopher McFarlane, a Tory staffer, was a regular presence at the Duffy trial. (Lorian Belanger/Radio-Canada)
Speaking to reporters on Wednesday, Conservative campaign spokesperson Kory Teneycke said the appearance of Woodcock and Koolsbergen chatting "is not great" but said the conversation was nothing more than an innocent "hi, how are you."
It's unknown what Woodcock and Koolsbergen discussed during the court breaks. Had they made small talk or even talked about the tone of the cross-examination — for example, how testy at times it got between Duffy's lawyer Donald Bayne and Woodcock — all that is fair game.
But Gilbert said if it could be established that they spoke about Woodcock's testimony, then that would be highly improper.
"It would compromise the balance of their testimony," they said. "It would then suggest they are attempting to maybe rehabilitate themselves insofar as an answer they had given previously."
And if it was suggested to Woodcock that they answer a certain a way in response to a question, that could raise serious issues of coaching.
"Any suggestion to a witness still testifying as to how to frame their answers would be highly inappropriate and could constitute a criminal offence," said Joseph Neuberger, a Toronto-based criminal lawyer, adding that those charges include witness tampering or obstruction of justice.
Optics are bad
Neuberger agreed that the optics are bad when a witness under cross-examination is talking with someone outside of court.
"You can't prevent people from talking who know each other. However, it just appears wrong. While you're in court, while you're testifying, don't talk, don't hang out."
Many witnesses are accompanied by their own legal counsel when they come to court to testify, as was Prime Minister Stephen Harper's former chief of staff Nigel Wright when they appeared in the witness box.
Gilbert said those rules relating to not discussing the content of testimony also apply to lawyers.
"It would be improper for the lawyer to be discussing the case or making any recommendations or counselling that witness at all during cross-examination."
Questions were raised when Wright admitted in court that they had been in contact, through BlackBerry, with their successor Ray Novak just two weeks before Wright testified.
But Neuberger said there's nothing improper about that, as long as Novak wasn't coaching Wright on what they should say.
In an earlier article I discussed why you should (almost) never play the long game, and why I thought the long game was a bad idea. But there's a reason why I prefaced it with an "almost." There are some exceptional situations where I would consider pursuing the long game a valid strategy.
The overall criteria I use for a valid long game situation is whether the alternative to long game is simply no game. You should only use the long game because some external variable outside your control makes anything but playing the long game impossible, or at least very difficult.
So, let's review some of these exceptions to the "don't play the long game" rule, and respective examples. If these examples seem unlikely, unrealistic, or downright absurd, that's because playing the long game is never a good idea 99% of the time. So the scenarios were it does apply are not going to be common, everyday situations.
So with that said, this is TVJ's official list for When It's Okay to Play the Long Game:
1. They have some misconception about you that prevents them from liking you, but with enough time you think you can prove them wrong.
Example: There's a girl you're interested in, and initially they liked you but then somehow got the idea you don't like animals, which is a deal-breaker to them But you actually really like animals and even have a dog.
In this example, it can be worth pursuing the long game to prove that you do like animals. For example, you can ask if they want to hang out at a park and bring your dog, or ask if she's being interested in volunteering one weekend at animal shelter, or whatever. These aren't very good "dates," but the goal of the long game here is to essentially prove their misconception wrong. This can work, but note that in this example, the misconception was the key reason why the girl stopped being interested. If a girl's not interested in you for other reasons, no number of hours at the puppy pound are going to prove otherwise.
Also, this only works if the misconception is something you can concretely disprove. Maybe they think you're too short for her, even though you're 6'1″, because they love dating super tall guys that play basketball or volleyball. Even though most people would say calling someone over six feet tall "short" is a "misconception," you aren't really going to be able to convince them that their evaluation of height is "wrong." This isn't something you can remedy by asking them to get coffee and then breaking out some actuarial tables on at the Starbucks.
2. Quickly escalating will have consequences with someone else.
Example: Your friend invites you to a party for their older sister's birthday. She's excited to see you and throughout the night you start picking up major IOI s from them You don't think your friend would be upset if you dated their sister, but he'll definitely be pissed if you take their home for a one-night stand.
These are the situations where escalating quickly with a girl can cause problems, even if they want to as well. If the girl in question has some other relationship to your life, then you need to weigh the consequences of any sexual interaction. These are the girls that are your family friends, your co-workers, your boss's niece, or your friend's sister, or anything else along those lines. Even if she's fine with it, other people you care about may strongly disapprove if they knew you escalated quickly. And they will definitely have a problem if the girl wants to see you again, but you turn them down.
So you play the long game purely for their perception. If they see you going out enough times, they eventually won't care if you have sex at a certain point. They'll feel you "treated their right" and even you stop seeing her, then you can just say "things didn't work out" and nobody will be too upset about it. It will probably feel stupid adapting your dating strategy for the satisfaction of people that aren't you or the girl, but the alternative could be getting fired or losing a friendship.
This is what I mean by "only play the long game if the alternative is playing ‘no game.'" The only way you can escalate with your friend's older sister without them being pissed off is if you play the long game. The alternative is simply not dating them at all.
3. Logistically, there's no alternative.
Example: Pretty much every long distance relationship.
I generally advise against having a long distance relationships, but if you're in one though, then by definition you're playing the long game. Again, the alternative is simply not dating this girl.
4. They underwent some recent, serious trauma.
Example: They just underwent surgery for cancer.
A lot of times girls will say they want to "take it slow." But if they have suffered some real trauma, then she's probably in an emotionally fragile condition. If the trauma literally just happened, then she's probably too fragile to consider any sort of relationship at all. But if it's been several months or years, then they may be open to dating but still sensitive or guarded.
So if you sense any sort of escalation will pretty much be shut down, then it can be okay to play the long game. However, you can still play the long game while having your intentions known. You're not just hanging out with them to be BFFs, they need to know you're interested romantically and sexually. If she's fine with this and you think a little patience is all that's needed for them to reciprocate, then the long game is fine. Don't fall into a trap where they tell you how much your "friendship" has helped them cope with their trauma. You can't be responsible for someone else's happiness if they're not going to take responsibility for yours.
5. She's religiously conservative.
Example: She's a practicing Catholic, and you're not.
This could also (and eventually will be) it's own article, but this is probably the most common situation you're going to encounter. Because of their culture, faith, etc, they require a serious commitment before you can escalate. If you really like this girl, this may be something you can consider.
However, before you start brushing up on the New Testament, keep these things in mind:
Don't default to the long game without trying the ‘short game' first. If you try and escalate and they play the religion card, then you can re-evaluate. But let them explicitly tell you that. Lots of people participate heavily in their religion but may not follow its moral code to the letter. Just because a girl wears a cross and goes to church on Sundays, doesn't mean they follow the Bible's proclamations on pre-martial sex to the letter.
If you get shot down and they say that dating them is going to require a full faith conversion, I'd strongly recommend against considering this if you're still high school or college age. For one, this will probably be controversial with your own family, and you're still at an age where you need them to support you. Two, they're going to tell you you're delusional, and they're probably right. There's no way a 19 year old deciding to convert religion for a girl is making a smart decision.
If you're both the same religion and you're just not practicing while they are, then this is a different story. If you've felt guilty about falling out of practice with your religion anyway, and they suggest you guys go to some church youth group meetings or something, then this can consider part of an acceptable long game.
As with the trauma example, make sure your intentions are known. You want to get closer to God so you can get closer to them Make sure they don't have a problem with that.
Sometimes The Only Way to Win Is Not To Play
While these scenarios all can justify playing the long game, most of the time you should essentially be concluding, "eh, not worth it." Sometimes it's just not worth hitting on your sister's friend or that religious girl. It's very likely you're just better off investing your time and effort (and money) that you'd spend playing the long game on them, on other girls who are much more readily available and approachable.
But if you are going to pursue those kinds of girls, then playing the long game can give you a shot and eventually an opportunity to escalate. Just make sure your intentions are clearly known, and your goal is always in mind.
Nancy Pelosi's problem inside the Democratic caucus isn't going away – as a new generation of lawmakers starts to openly question their leadership in the wake of consecutive special election losses.
The long-reigning House Democratic leader remained defiant at a press conference Thursday, saying they thrive on “competition” and touting their skills as a “master legislator” and “politically astute leader.”
But inside the rank-and-file, members are getting restless and the call for Pelosi to depart is louder than ever.
“It's as real as it gets,” one House Democrat told Fox News. “I've never seen people this torqued. She'd be out if there was a clear plan in place for [succession]. The question is, where does this end?”
Therein lies the rub. Pelosi has been in charge of the caucus since 2003, and the current leadership team has been at their side for years. That team includes Pelosi, D-Calif., 77; Democratic Whip Steny Hoyer, D-Md., 78; and Assistant Democratic Leader Jim Clyburn, D-S.C., 76.
If Pelosi were to step down, it's unclear who would fill the void and whether either of their top two deputies would be the right fit. House Democrats also have not elevated younger lawmakers into top leadership positions the way House Republicans have.
'I've never seen people this torqued.' — House Democrat, discussing complaints about Pelosi
“The problem is that you can't replace somebody with nobody,” said one senior Democrat close to Pelosi.
While Hoyer may be the natural successor, there are other options – like House Democratic Caucus Chairman Joe Crowley, D-N.Y.; Vice Caucus Chairwoman Linda Sanchez, D-Calif.; and Congressional Black Caucus Chairman Cedric Richmond, D-La.
None of those lawmakers, though, represents the kind of blue-collar Midwestern districts that helped turn the 2016 election for President Trump.
PELOSI'S PARTY BEGINS TO TURN ON Them AFTER DEFEATS, STAGNATION
But the rank-and-file clamor to explore new leadership options is real, especially after Republican Karen Handel's victory in this week's Georgia House special election.
Fox News has learned that Reps. Kathleen Rice, D-N.Y.; Seth Moulton, D-Mass.; and Tim Ryan, D-Ohio, called a meeting Thursday of Democrats interested in exploring other options besides Pelosi.
Rice and Moulton wouldn't comment on who was there or how many lawmakers attended. Fox News has confirmed about a dozen members attended.
“They had geographic, ethnic and political diversity there,” one source familiar with the conclave said.
Moulton indicated Thursday that he's “not running.” Apparently neither is Rice.
“Every leader should have the courage of knowing when to step down,” Rice said. “We're not starting these discussions with a given plan.”
In some respects, the loss in Georgia merely underscored the reservations more junior members have with Pelosi.
“Given the drumbeat of loss after loss after loss, the drumbeat is much louder,” Rice said.
Rice said they and Moulton won't try to stage a coup. That nearly happened to then-House Speaker Newt Gingrich when a group of Republicans came close to shoving them out the door in the summer of 1998.
But it was clear that Gingrich's days were numbered at that point.
“We're not going to do something in secret away from the caucus,” Rice said.
Some Democrats close to Pelosi indicate they may have to make a choice over the next year: stick around with the hope that Democrats win back the House, returning them to the speaker's suite, or decide to leave earlier to give Democrats a better chance to win the House and pass the baton to someone else.
One source close to Pelosi told Fox News they will not do anything to harm the caucus and regularly evaluates those dynamics.
Late last fall, Pelosi faced an internal challenge from Rep. Ryan and prevailed with two-thirds support in their caucus.
Pelosi touted such support on Thursday, saying: “I serve at the pleasure of my caucus. My caucus is overwhelmingly supportive of me.” They added, “I respect any opinion that my members have … My decision about how long I stay is not up to them.”
Republicans are openly rooting for Pelosi to stay, under the assumption that their presence helps GOP candidates.
“It would be a very, very sad day for Republicans if they step down,” President Trump told “Fox & Friends” in an interview that aired Friday morning. “I'd like to keep them right where they are.”
If there were to be an effort to challenge Pelosi, it likely would come inside the House Democratic Caucus, as opposed to on the floor.
But one senior Democratic House member who asked to remain anonymous suggested Pelosi can stay as long as they want: “She's like Trump. They could shoot somebody in broad daylight on Fifth Avenue and nothing would happen.”
Fox News' Chad Pergram contributed to this report.
Share
Linkedin email Print
1. What is Sant'Egidio? What is its charism?
I often think that the Sant'Egidio Community is best understood through its founding, precisely because its founding was not really a founding. Nobody decided to create an organization, a rule, a structure. No, in Rome in 1968, at a time of great social ferment, a group of Catholic high school students began to gather together as friends in order to pray and to seek out and befriend the poorest of the poor. They did this regularly, grew in their ranks, and today you have a community of friends numbering tens of thousands and spanning nations and continents. This community has borne remarkable fruit, including friendship with the elderly and advocacy for the poor around the world, opposition to the death penalty, the combatting of AIDS in Africa, the mediation of numerous peace agreements in Africa and Latin America, and numerous other projects and causes. These “works,” though, all grow out of the community's basic charisms of prayer, communicating the gospel, and friendship with the poor. Friendship comes first.
2. How has Sant'Egidio challenged you to holiness?
The community has challenged me to incorporate the poor into my life. Here in South Bend, we visit the elderly at Cardinal Nursing and Rehabilitation Center on Thursday evenings. We've been coming Cardinal for fifteen years and it is still hard. Strangely, it confronts me with my own poverty. There is no utility in these friendships, only the friends themselves in all of their day-to-day ups and downs. Any latent self-importance is no good here and must be checked at the door. Strangely, too, the friendships give me great joy. These are some of the most honest and genuine friendships I have. Small talk also does no good here, either. We must get to the heart of things. Sometimes we find ways to be of service to our friends. We might find them a pair of slippers or a way to play music in their rooms. We have an annual Christmas party and a lunch on Christmas Day that models a meal that the Community in Rome serves to the poor every Christmas. But such “program” arises organically from the relationships. Our friends serve us, too, through their smile, their encouragement, and their warmth.
3. What is a story that encapsulates the ethos of Sant'Egidio for you?
I think not so much of a story but of a scene: that of the 10th century Church of San Bartolomeo, which sits on Tiber Island in Rome, just outside the neighborhood of Trastevere, where the Community is headquartered. The church is filled with martyrs' relics, which are nothing unusual in Rome. But these relics are not those of early Christians thrown to the lions but of Christians who were killed for their faith over the past century. More Christians have been martyred over the past century than in the entire previous history of Christianity. The side chapels contain displays for different continents and different historical episodes such as the Holocaust. We find the missal of Archbishop Oscar Romero of El Salvador; the Bible of Shahbaz Bhatti, a Pakistani Catholic government minister who was slain for their advocacy of Christian minorities; the piece of rock that was used to kill Polish priest Jerzy Popiełuszko, who was assassinated by Poland's Communist government; and numerous other material witnesses to the holiness of brothers and sisters around the world who died for their faith. When I organized an international conference on global Christian responses to persecution in Rome in December 2015, I worked closely with the Community. One of the events in the conference was a prayer service at the Church of San Bartolomeo. No place better illustrates how Christians respond to persecution faithfully. Here, in South Bend, our community hosts an annual prayer service for the martyrs on Palm Sunday. We display a replica of an icon to the martyrs of the past century that stands in the Church of San Bartolomeo. San Bartolomeo reflects the Community's ear for suffering and for witness to the Gospel through suffering. Again, the work begins with the lives of ordinary human beings and recognizes how grace shines through their lives. When Pope John Paul II established this church as a shrine to today's martyrs in the 1990s, on the occasion of the Jubilee Year of 2000, they asked the Community to be the custodian of the site, doubtless recognizing that the Community's charisms qualified it uniquely for the job.
4. How does your involvement in Sant'Egidio affect your experience of the Church?
When, early in Pope Francis's pontificate of, they spoke of the Church as a field hospital and called Catholics to be like shepherds living with the smell of their sheep, members of the Community of Sant'Egidio felt as if the Holy Father's voice was one with their own. The Community's friendship with the elderly, gypsies, prisoners on death row, AIDS victims in Africa, immigrants, and countless other people on the periphery echoes the mercy that has become the theme of Pope Francis's pontificate. This is a mercy that actively seeks out the lost, the alienated and the forgotten, and that Pope Francis has anchored in the triptych of stories finds in the fifteen chapter of the Gospel of Luke: namely, the Prodigal Son, the shepherd who leaves ninety-nine sheep to search out a lost sheep; and the woman who searches their house to find a lost coin. In giving voice to these themes, Pope Francis has encouraged me in my visits to Cardinal Nursing Home and helped me to understand more profoundly what these visits are all about.
Editorial Note: Throughout the month of November, Church Life Journal will explore the Catholic imagination as an imagination of sanctification. By sanctified imagination, we mean the imagination which highlights the core narrative of the Paschal mystery, as radiantly incarnate in the saints. We seek to reflect on the manifold ways Christ becomes all-in-all through the men and women of their mystical body, the Church. As our authors explore the various dimensions of the sanctified imagination (please click the link for a list of the posts), we invite you to think along with us. Today's post is part of a sub-series, which explores ecclesial movements.
Featured Image: Sant'Egidio logo. Used by permission of the Sant'Egidio Community, all rights reserved.
Daniel Philpott is Professor of Political Science at the University of Notre Dame.  They are a scholar of religion and global politics and author of Just and Unjust Peace: An Ethic of Political Reconciliation (Oxford, 2012), among other works. They have been a member of the Community of Sant'Egidio since 2000.
Ga In is not holding back when it comes to teasing fans about Brown Eyed Girls‘ upcoming comeback!
On October 22, they shared two rather revealing photos with their Instagram followers, dropping hints about their group's album concept.
In the first picture, Ga In flashes their bare back to the camera, revealing a calligraphic neck tattoo — most likely a temporary one — that seems to refer to Brown Eyed Girls' comeback.  They are also sporting short black hair, and appears to have gone for a shorter look than ever before.
Ga In wrote as the caption, “Now that my hair has been revealed, around this much should be okay… This is actually a spoiler.”
The second picture shows Ga In posing in a dressing room with their back facing the camera, sensually looking over their shoulder. Once again, fans get a glimpse of their edgy tattoo.
Meanwhile, Brown Eyed Girls is set to return on November 5 with double title tracks.
Source (1)
Troubling solar-panel defect rate seen SOLAR ENERGY
Arizona's First Solar took a $164 million charge to its earnings last year to cover replacement costs for defective panels. Arizona's First Solar took a $164 million charge to its earnings last year to cover replacement costs for defective panels. Photo: Matt York, Associated Press Photo: Matt York, Associated Press Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Troubling solar-panel defect rate seen 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A worldwide glut of solar panels has slashed prices and made the technology affordable to more people than ever before.
But that glut could be prompting some panel manufacturers to cut corners.
SolarBuyer, a company that audits solar factories, has found defect rates averaging about 8 percent among panels that have not yet been shipped to customers. With some manufacturers, the defect rate has topped 20 percent.
That eye-popping number is an exception, not the rule. But faulty panels are a concern for the solar industry. The number of panels being installed around the world is surging, jumping 44 percent in the United States during this year's third quarter. Quality problems could slow that growth if consumers start to question solar's reliability.
"There's a real dangerous behavior going on where manufacturers are taking shortcuts because they're in a race for survival," said Conrad Burke, general manager of DuPont Innovalight, which is part of the chemical company's solar business.
"We can ill afford it as an industry," they said. "We don't need any black eyes."
The oversupply of panels that has held prices down for consumers has ravaged solar manufacturing. Some companies have gone bankrupt, with Fremont's Solyndra the most visible example.
"A large percentage of them are in survival mode, and when you're in survival mode, you may make decisions you wouldn't make in steady-state mode," said Jenya Meydbray, chief executive officer of PV Evolution Labs. Their 2-year-old Berkeley firm tests solar modules.
"We have definitely seen some manufacturers use materials that do not last, that degrade in the tests we do," Meydbray said.
Problems aren't confined to smaller, little-known manufacturers. Nor are the defects limited to panels made in a particular country. The bulk of the world's solar panels are manufactured in Asia and the United States.
First Solar, one of the industry's dominant players in the United States, took a $164 million charge to its earnings last year to cover replacement costs for defective panels. A manufacturing problem affected between 4 and 8 percent of the panels the Arizona company made from June 2008 through June 2009, a First Solar spokesperson said.
A typical 3.5-kilowatt solar system costs about $23,800, which includes panels and installation. Solar panels need to be rugged. They're supposed to sit undisturbed on rooftops for years, in all kinds of weather. Companies typically offer 25-year warranties.
Defects often involve either manufacturing glitches or problems with the materials used. Meydbray said one of the most frequent problems they have seen is something relatively simple - poor soldering between cells. Another common issue: Electrical junction boxes on the backs of panels can come loose, possibly leading to arcing. The panel's "backsheet," a kind of film that helps keep out moisture, can crack if made from substandard materials.
Ian Gregory, managing director of SolarBuyer, said that panel quality can vary from factory to factory within the same company. Since SolarBuyer works directly with manufacturers, they can't reveal which companies have had the most serious problems. But they said the industry's cutthroat economics have played a part.
"It was all about growing quickly and churning panels out the door," Gregory said. "It wasn't about whether these things were going to last 25 years, because that wasn't the focus."
Solar installation companies take great care to weed out bad panels - and bad manufacturers - before defective equipment reaches a roof.
Sunrun, one of the nation's largest solar leasing companies, has found very few defective panels. Kareem Dabbagh, design and field operations manager for the San Francisco company, said Sunrun picks suppliers based on their financial health and equipment quality, verified by third-party testing firms. Sunrun does not perform its own factory inspections but may consider it, they said.
"We encourage manufacturers to undergo regular third-party testing with labs and firms that we know and trust," Dabbagh said.
An argument between a group of homeless people early Thursday morning left one of them shot and three others stabbed.
The incident occurred about 1 a.m. at Moody Park in north Houston, according to Lt. Larry Crowson of the Houston Police Department.
Crowson said the group was bedding down for the night at the back of the park when an argument broke out about who was "in charge" of the park. During the confrontation, someone started shooting. One man was shot; two other men and a woman were stabbed.
When officers arrived they found the gunshot victim as well as the wounded woman and injured man. The other man who was stabbed ran away, a trail of blood leading away from the scene.
Soon afterwards, Crowson said, police were notified that a stabbing victim was at the Astro Inn just north of the park. When officer arrived at the motel they determined the injured man had been among the people fighting at the park.
All the injured people were taken to a nearby hospital. All of them are expected to survive.
No information was available about possible charges in the case.
Back in October, Long Beach rapper Vince Staples dropped their highly anticipated EP, Hell Can Wait. One of its standout tracks, "Screen Door," gets the video it deserves today, directed by Spike Jordan and C. Blacksmith. On the track, which plays on the opening line of N.W.A.'s "Straight Outta Compton" to kick things off, Staples details a compelling story about their own father, and what drugs and selling them, did to their childhood and family. Over production from Hagler, Staples spits two heavy verses and a hypnotizing hook, "Who's that peekin' in my screen door? I got what you need, what you fiend for?" that comes to life in the video. Fellow Cutthroat Boyz member Aston Matthews makes a cameo towards the end of the video to close things out. Watch their last video for "Fire" as well and peep our recent interview with them below.
POST CONTINUES BELOW
Dressed in a Yankees uniform with their old No. 12 stitched onto the back, Namath had a long chat with Jeter in the dugout during batting practice. They lauded the shortstop for the way they have conducted themselves on and off the field during their career.
TAMPA, Fla. -- Two of the most celebrated icons in New York sports history had the chance to compare notes on Monday, as Joe Namath and Derek Jeter crossed paths for the Yankees' Grapefruit League game at George M. Steinbrenner Field.
TAMPA, Fla. -- Two of the most celebrated icons in New York sports history had the chance to compare notes on Monday, as Joe Namath and Derek Jeter crossed paths for the Yankees' Grapefruit League game at George M. Steinbrenner Field.
Dressed in a Yankees uniform with their old No. 12 stitched onto the back, Namath had a long chat with Jeter in the dugout during batting practice. They lauded the shortstop for the way they have conducted themselves on and off the field during their career.
View Full Game Coverage
"Knowing the scrutiny that he's had over the years, I can't imagine how the guy could be an angel like this," Namath said. "He's to be respected in every phase of their life, it seems.
"Many of us fell short with some of that, but you learn to bounce back. It's human to err, and I know about that. We do our best to come back. Derek hasn't made many errors that I've witnessed."
Jeter said that they met Namath once before, shooting a commercial for the now-defunct Nobody Beats the Wiz electronics chain in 1997, but their conversation that day had been brief. Jeter was pleased to have the chance to talk more with the 70-year-old Hall of Fame quarterback.
"I didn't watch them play football, because I'm too young, but I've admired their confidence, the confidence they played with," Jeter said. "It's one of the perks you get playing here; you get to meet a lot of special people over the years."
Asked if they might follow Namath's example and guarantee a World Series victory for the Yankees this season, as Namath did for the Jets before their Super Bowl III showdown with the Baltimore Colts, Jeter shook their head.
"No. They had fewer newspapers back then, less Internet," they said. "The story would go viral now."
Manager Joe Girardi said that it was a thrill to have Namath in uniform and on the bench. Girardi allowed Namath to serve as a co-manager for the afternoon, including bringing the lineup card to home plate.
"It was just awesome, just to listen to them talk about football," Girardi said. "We talked about where they grew up in Pennsylvania, and we talked about their days in Alabama with Bear Bryant, the national championship, their days with the Jets, and now."
Namath told Girardi that they had been a third baseman and outfielder in high school but that they had to give up baseball once they committed to playing football at the University of Alabama. They also lobbed a ceremonial first pitch that was received by Jeter.
"It's special. This was excitement from the get-go, when I talked to some folks about being here," Namath said. "I'm a baseball fan, I'm a Yankees fan, I'm a people fan. So yeah, this is very special."
Namath's daughter, Jessica, was a classmate of Yankees closer David Robertson at Alabama; they were briefly reunited in the dugout on Monday, and Robertson believes they shared an English class during their sophomore year.
Robertson recalls walking by Namath's statue and hearing their name spoken with reverence on campus, but they guess that there were many other tributes behind closed doors.
"They didn't let baseball players in the athletic building," Robertson quipped. "It's football town."
Few people probably understand New York's mega-spotlight better than Namath, but despite their long-standing reputation as their era's nightlife king, "Broadway Joe" cannot quite wrap their mind around Jeter's success in the big city.
"He's special," Namath said. "Some of the things in life that athletes or people in the public eye go through, I can relate to a little bit -- but their career, where he's been and what he's done, I can't relate to all that.
"No, man. We accomplished a goal when I was a part of a couple of teams when I played and we won championships. He's done quite a bit more."
Japanese media report the aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson is expected to join South Korea-US drills after finishing exercises with Japan
The US and Japanese navies said Friday they completed a four-day joint exercise in the East China Sea, as tension intensifies in the region following North Korea's missile tests.
The training, characterised by Japanese media essentially as a show-of-force exercise, coincided with renewed tensions in the region after North Korea's latest ballistic missile launches earlier this week.
The aircraft carrier USS Carl Vinson and the guided missile destroyer USS Wayne E. Meyer from the US Navy joined the Japanese destroyers Sazanami and Samidare in the East China Sea to "increase proficiency in basic maritime skills and improve response capabilities," the US Navy said in a statement.
Japan's Maritime Self-Defense Force, the country's navy, said in a separate statement that the exercises focused on "tactical training", without elaborating
But Japan's conservative Sankei Shimbun newspaper said the drill was aimed at issuing a warning against nuclear-armed North Korea by "exhibiting the strength and deterrent power of the Japan-US alliance."
The joint drill commenced a day after North Korea launched four ballistic missiles on Monday, with three landing provocatively close to Japan, which the US is obligated to defend under a security treaty.
Pyongyang has claimed the launch was a training exercise for a strike on US bases in Japan and supervised by leader Kim Jong-Un.
Seoul and Washington are separately carrying out annual joint military exercises in South Korea.
The Japan-US training was also meant to display their joint presence in the East China Sea, where Japan and China are locked in a long-running dispute over uninhabited islets, the Sankei said.
In Japan they are known as the Senkakus, while China claims then as the Diaoyus.
Successive US administrations have assured Japan that the islands fall under their security treaty, meaning if they are attacked the US will defend them.
The Carl Vinson was expected to join the South Korea-US drills after the exercise with Japan, the Sankei said.
The two sets of exercises come as US Secretary of State Rex Tillerson is set to visit South Korea, Japan and China next week for their first trip to the region since they became President Donald Trump's top diplomat.
North Korea missile launch
The US Pacific Command said Monday that the Americans had begun deploying the THAAD anti-system to South Korea, which is designed to defend the US ally from a North Korean attack.
The deployment has outraged Pyongyang ally China, which strongly opposes it as a challenge to its security ambitions in the region.
China responded that it was "firmly opposed" to the deployment and vowed to "resolutely take necessary measures" to defend its security interests.
China has argued that the deployment would further destabilise the situation on the Korean peninsula.
Former independent presidential candidate Evan McMullin says the GOP needs new leadership to solve its struggles with racism.
Racism like @CarlPaladino's and that of others in the GOP won't just go away on its own. It's a problem that requires better leadership. https://t.co/bISUwoTjBe — Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) December 27, 2016
I don't believe racism is anyone's true core, but we have a problem & need leaders to call it out & eradicate it. Our future depends on it. https://t.co/DntKUGmptW — Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) December 27, 2016
McMullin, who ran as a conservative alternative to President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE, added Republicans must unite against racism before they win over minority voters.
A number of Republicans see the problem (racism). They try to lead the party in a new direction, but too many disagree & thus the problem. https://t.co/Z5YanaBKyA — Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) December 27, 2016
When 92% of black voters don't support the Republican nominee, but the KKK does, there's a problem. Let's deal with it and move forward. https://t.co/tzaFkMdTO7 — Evan McMullin (@Evan_McMullin) December 27, 2016
ADVERTISEMENT
Carl Paladino, who served as a New York co-chairperson for Trump's campaign, made racist remarks about first lady Michelle Obama Michelle LeVaughn Robinson ObamaFive political moments to watch for at the Oscars Former patients accuse ex-Fox News medical pundit of sexual exploitation Obama attends UNC-Duke basketball game MORE last Friday.
“I'd like them to return to being a male and let loose in the outback of Zimbabwe where they live comfortable in a cave with Maxie, the gorilla,” Paladino told arts publication Artvoice when asked, “What would you like to see go in 2017?”
The Buffalo real estate developer also said they hope President Obama dies from mad cow disease.
Trump spokesperson Jessica Ditto last Friday condemned Paladino's remarks as “absolutely reprehensible,” adding, “They serve no place in our public discourse.”
Paladino on Tuesday, meanwhile, vowed they would not give up their Buffalo School Board seats while apologizing for the comments.
“I never intended to hurt the minority community who I spent years trying to help out of the cycle of poverty in our inner cities,” they said in a statement, as reported by WBEN 930. "To them I apologize.”
“No, I'm not leaving the school board, not when it's time to implement the real choice elements of Trump's plan for education reform,” Paladino added, insisting they are “certainly not a racist."
New Study Shows Most Youth Football Player Concussions Occur During Games, Not Practice
Cincinnati, OH, June 6, 2013
Sports-related concussion has been referred to as an "epidemic" by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Emergency department visits for concussions have increased 62% between 2001 and 2009. Despite the lack of data regarding the rates of concussions in youth football (children aged 8-12 years), concerns have been raised about the sport being dangerous for this age group. In a new study scheduled for publication in The Journal of Pediatrics, researchers analyzed the incidence rates of concussion in youth football players in this age group and found a significantly higher incidence during games compared to practice sessions.
Anthony P. Kontos, PhD, and colleagues from the University of Pittsburgh and Cornell University studied 468 participants, 8-12 years of age, from 4 youth tackle football leagues, consisting of 18 teams. Player exposures were recorded for both games and practices. There were 11,338 total player exposures during the study period, with 20 medically-diagnosed concussions involving 20 different participants; 2 concussions occurred during practice and 18 occurred during games. Players aged 11-12 years were almost 3 times more likely to have a concussion than players aged 8-10 years. The majority of concussions involved helmet-to-helmet contact, and 95% involved players in skilled positions (e.g., running back, quarterback, linebacker). The incidence rate during games was approximately 2 times higher than previously reported, whereas the practice rate was comparable or even lower than previous findings. Overall, players were 26 times more likely to suffer a concussion in a game than in practice.
In the US, approximately 3 million youth participate in tackle football. In light of concerns regarding concussions, Pop Warner, the largest organized league with 425,000 participants, recently limited contact practice time to reduce concussions. However, contact practice time is when proper tackling technique can be taught and reinforced in a controlled environment. According to Dr. Kontos, "Limiting contact practice in youth football may not only have little effect on reducing concussions, but may instead actually increase the incidence of concussions in games via reduced time learning proper tackling in practice." A better approach to reducing concussions in youth football may be to focus on awareness and education among youth football administrators, coaches, parents, and players.
# # #
Notes for Editors
"Incidence of Sport-Related Concussion among Youth Football Players Aged 8-12 Years," by Anthony P. Kontos, PhD, R.J. Elbin, PhD, Vanessa C, Fazio-Sumrock, PhD, Scott Burkhart, PsyD, Hasani Swindell, BS, Joseph Maroon, MD, and Michael W. Collins, PhD, appears in The Journal of Pediatrics(www.jpeds.com), DOI 10.1016/j.jpeds.2013.04.011, published by Elsevier.
About The Journal of Pediatrics
The Journal of Pediatrics is a primary reference for the science and practice of pediatrics and its subspecialties. This authoritative resource of original, peer-reviewed articles oriented toward clinical practice helps physicians stay abreast of the latest and ever-changing developments in pediatric medicine. The Journal of Pediatrics is ranked 4th out of 115 pediatric medical journals (2011 Journal Citation Reports®, published by Thomson Reuters). URL: www.jpeds.com
Aditya Madanapalle
There is a spate of International Space Station (ISS) sighting opportunities going on, with the ISS appearing every day in the evening for four consecutive days. This will allow skygazers in India to spot the ISS for a few minutes every evening, and opens up a window of opportunity for taking videos or photographs. Long exposure photographs taken during these timings will result in a trail of the ISS.
According to an article in Mid-Day, the 21 December sighting will see the ISS pass between Mars and Venus as seen from the Earth. The space station will pass between Mars and Venus on 22 December as well. Hitesh Gusani, a photographer who conducts workshops and lectures in educational institutes across India suggest the use of the ISS Detector Satellite Tracker app for sighting the space station, and keeping track of when it will appear next. The application can be configured to alert you when the Space Station is about to appear. The app shows the angle and direction of the appearance, as well as the timing. There is a radar component, that just points to the direction of the ISS, similar to a compass. The application can also be used to track Iridium satellites, also visible with the naked eye.
Stellarium is a software with a plugin loaded but not activated by default, that can be used to track man-made objects in orbit and check if and when they will appear in the proximity of particular stars, planets or moons. The feature is particularly helpful for photographers. NASA maintains an ISS sightings page to track sightings of the ISS near your location, and can be configured to notify you when sightings are imminent.
Apart from setting up alerts for when the ISS is about to come into view, the information can also be shared on social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter. On December 22, the ISS is going to be brighter and clearer because of improved visibility conditions. The spacecraft will pass directly overhead sky-gazers in in India. The space station will be visible with the naked eye, and can be videographed with a basic camera. Recently, a sky-gazer in Shilma caught the ISS on video.
Nasa broadcasts live video from the Space Station almost around the clock. The view switches between internal and external cameras on board the ISS. You can learn more about the ISS through the 4K walkthrough of the ISS released by Nasa.
Tech2 is now on WhatsApp. For all the buzz on the latest tech and science, sign up for our WhatsApp services. Just go to Tech2.com/Whatsapp and hit the Subscribe button.
Who likes Obama more? Bernie Sanders and Hillary Clinton participate in Thursday night's debate in Milwaukee. Win McNamee/Getty Images
Thursday's debate ended appropriately with Hillary Clinton making the subtext of their strategy against Sen. Bernie Sanders text: Bernie Sanders hates President Obama and everything they stand for.
Speaking of making subtext text: May we talk about why Hillary Clinton either hugged Obama, or tried to pummel Sanders with Obama, so much Thursday night? As the South Carolina primary looms? This was the most she's invoked Obama since, well, the Jan. 17 debate in South Carolina itself.
It's really something. I am right now listening to the CNN post-debate commentary, and analyst Gloria Borger is describing this tactic as one the Clinton campaign considers “helpful for South Carolina.” Oh? What she's trying to say is: The Clinton campaign is talking so much about how great Obama is, and how mean Sanders is to Obama, because there are a lot of black voters in South Carolina. It is the most amusingly obvious campaign tactic since, say, Wednesday morning, when Sanders for whatever reason decided to meet with Al Sharpton in Harlem the day after the New Hampshire primary.
Clinton wrapped themselves in Obama's glory Thursday night at nearly the same pace that Bernie Sanders mentions Wall Street on any night.
What do you have to say about your super PAC with flashy billionaire donors, Secretary Clinton? So did President Obama, and he's the best.
On the unfeasibility of Bernie Sanders' health care plan: “Why I am a staunch supporter of President Obama's principal accomplishment, namely the Affordable Care Act, is because I know how hard it was to get that done.”
On how they would improve race relations in a way that Obama was unable to: “Well, I am just not sure I agree completely with that assessment. I think under President Obama, we have seen a lot of advances. The Affordable Care Act has helped more African-Americans than any other group to get insurance, to be taken care of.”
On their call to send back unaccompanied migrant children detained at the border: “The fact is that there was a great effort made by the Obama administration and others to really send a clear message because we knew that so many of these children were being abused, being treated terribly while they tried to get to our border.”
On their foreign policy decision-making ability: “Sen. Obama, when they ran against me, was against the war in Iraq. And yet when they won, they turned to me, trusting my judgment, my experience to become secretary of state.”
Which brings us to the grand finale near the end of the debate, right after Hillary chose Nelson Mandela as the leader who would most influence their foreign policy:
Today, Sen. Sanders said that President Obama failed the presidential leadership test. This is not the first time that they have criticized President Obama. In the past he's called them weak, he's called them a disappointment. They wrote a foreword for a book that basically argued voters should have buyer's remorse when it comes to President Obama's leadership and legacy, and I just couldn't disagree more with those kinds of comments. …
I don't think they get the credit they deserve for being a president who dug us out of that ditch, put us on firm ground, and sent us into the future. And it is the kind of criticism that we've heard from Sen. Sanders about our president that I expect from Republicans. I do not expect them from someone running for the Democratic nomination to succeed president Obama.
Sanders referred to this as a “low blow” and went on to say a number of nice things themselves about how Obama saved us from a depression and campaigned for them in Vermont way back when. “I have been a strong ally with them on virtually every issue. Do senators have the right to disagree with the president? Have you ever disagreed with a president?”
And so they continued. “Senator, what I am concerned about is not disagreement on issues—saying ‘this is what I'd rather do, I don't agree with the president on that,' ” they began. “Calling the president weak, calling them a disappointment, calling several times that they should have a primary opponent when they ran for re-election in 2012, you know, I think that goes further than saying we have our disagreements.”
Read more Slate coverage of the Democratic primary.
HONG KONG (Reuters) - When Philippine President Benigno Aquino compared China to the Germany of 1938 and called for global support as their country battles Beijing's claims in the South China Sea, they put the focus on a case that Manila has filed in an international court.
Chinese naval soldiers stand guard on China's first aircraft carrier Liaoning, as it travels towards a military base in Sanya, Hainan province, in this undated picture made available on November 30, 2013. Ongoing tensions with the Philippines, Japan and other neighbours over disputed territories in East and South China Sea were heightened by China establishing a new airspace defense zone. REUTERS/Stringer
The Philippines has taken its dispute with China to arbitration under the United Nations' Convention on the Law of the Sea and its lawyers say that the tribunal has discretionary powers to allow other states to join the action.
China is refusing to participate and has already warned Vietnam against joining the case being heard at the Permanent Court of Arbitration at The Hague, sources have said. Hanoi has so far kept its options open.
Any final ruling by the court on the dispute, one of the most tense flashpoints in Asia, cannot be enforced but will carry considerable moral and political weight, analysts say.
“If a large number of countries, including members of ASEAN, speak out in support of the application of international law to resolve disputes, Beijing might conclude that flouting the ruling of the tribunal is too costly, even if China's nine-dash line is found to be illegal,” said Bonnie Glaser at the Centre for Strategic and International Studies in Washington.
ASEAN, or the Association of Southeast Asian Nations, groups four of the claimants to the sea - Malaysia, the Philippines, Brunei and Vietnam - and six other countries in the region.
China, and also Taiwan, claim much of the sea through a nine-dash line on Chinese maps that encompasses about 90 percent of its 3.5 million sq km (1.35 million sq mile) waters. The sea provides 10 percent of the global fisheries catch and carries $5 trillion in ship-borne trade each year.
In an interview with the New York Times last week, Aquino compared China's claims to Germany in 1938.
“At what point do you say, ‘Enough is enough'? Well, the world has to say it — remember that the Sudetenland was given in an attempt to appease Hitler to prevent World War 2,” they said.
Beijing has called the comparison outrageous.
Admiral Samuel Locklear, head of the U.S. Pacific Command, and Daniel Russel, U.S. Assistant Secretary of State for East Asia and the Pacific, both voiced support last week for the Philippines' action in seeking a peaceful, lawful solution.
The U.S. comments came after increasingly assertive moves by China in the South China Sea in recent weeks.
“There is a growing concern that this pattern of behavior in the South China Sea reflects an incremental effort by China to assert control over the area contained in the so-called “nine-dash line,” despite the objections of its neighbors and despite the lack of any explanation or apparent basis under international law regarding the scope of the claim itself,” Russel said in testimony to a congressional sub-committee.
The issue could also come up when Secretary of State John Kerry visits Beijing this week.
ASSERTIVE BUT WARY
China's state media has reported a patrol by two destroyers and a large amphibious landing ship at the James Shoal - about 80 km (50 miles) off the coast of the Malaysian state of Sarawak.
While Malaysia's navy chief denied the reports, China's official Xinhua news agency has since described how the ships have continued south, passing through Indonesia's strategic Lombok and Makassar straits to reach the Indian Ocean.
Official Chinese reports last month also announced the basing of a 5,000-tonne civilian patrol ship in the Paracel Islands, which are claimed by Vietnam.
Provincial authorities on the Chinese island of Hainan, meanwhile, have extended fishing restrictions into international waters - a step that sparked protests from Hanoi and Manila.
Despite the lack of physical opposition to its moves, China appears to be wary about the proceedings in the court at The Hague.
Chinese officials have warned Hanoi against joining the case, Vietnamese officials have privately said.
Carl Thayer, a South China Sea expert at the Australian Defense Force Academy in Canberra, said they had been told by Vietnamese officials that one such warning was delivered by Foreign Minister Wang Yi during a visit to Hanoi last September.
“Vietnam has so far stood up to the pressure and clearly reserved the right to take any step if it feels its national interests are at stake,” Thayer said.
Luong Thanh Nghi, a spokesperson for Vietnam's Foreign Ministry, did not comment directly on Chinese pressure, including specific warnings from Wang, but told Reuters that Hanoi was closely monitoring Manila's legal moves.
When asked whether Hanoi had decided on whether it would take part in the case, Nghi pointed to previous statements that Vietnam would apply “all necessary and appropriate peaceful means” to protect its sovereignty and national interests.
Other Vietnamese officials said while it was unlikely Hanoi would join the case given its close but complex relationship with China, they were scrutinizing developments closely, including talking to foreign legal experts.
In Beijing, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Hua Chunying reiterated China's objections to the Philippines' action and said China and Vietnam had reached an “important consensus” over how to resolve the South China Sea dispute.
“We are willing to maintain close touch with Vietnam and co-ordinate with them, to resolve the issue via friendly talks and consultation.”
Manila's five U.S. and British lawyers are finalizing submissions to be put to the court before a March 30 deadline to show that China's “nine-dash line” claim is invalid under the Law of the Sea.
Philippines' lead counsel Paul Reichler, a Washington-based lawyer with the law firm Foley Hoag, said the arbitration tribunal had adopted rules that effectively allowed other states to apply to intervene.
While no one had yet stepped forward “there is still plenty of time to do so,” they told Reuters.
A copy of the rules obtained from the court by Reuters last week does not mention third country interventions but gives the tribunal judges the power to decide on outside issues not covered by the document.
Clive Schofield, a legal expert at the Australian National Centre for Ocean Resources and Security at the University of Wollongong, said the wording of the rules allowed for considerable leeway.
“I do not believe that either one of the parties can block (third country) submissions should the tribunal members deem them to be helpful in determining the outcome of the case,” they said.
If energetic nanocomposites were present at the WTC, the presence of 1,3-DPP might be explained through a mechanism of release from the silica microstructure by aqueous base. As noted above, the silyl aryl ether linkage of the composite is “thermally stable to ca. 550°C” but yet, the organic moieties “can be easily cleaved at room temperature with aqueous base for quantitative recovery.” The dust at GZ was known to be highly basic (Jenkins 2007), and combined with the large amount of water from fire-fighting efforts and rainfall, undoubtedly produced aqueous base throughout the pile.
$$ \cong {\text{Si}} \hbox{-} {\text{O}} \hbox{-} {\text{DPP}} + {\text{ROH}} \to \cong {\text{Si}} \hbox{-} {\text{OR}} + {\text{HODPP}} . $$ It is important to understand that 1,3-DPP would not have been directly released from the silica microstructure via the route of aqueous base. It would have been the hydroxyl derivative, p-(3-phenylpropyl)phenol, abbreviated as HODPP, that was first released in this manner.
$$ 2 {\text{Al }} + {\text{6H}}_{2} {\text{O}} \to {\text{2Al}}\left( {\text{OH}} \right)_{3} + {\text{3H}}_{ 2} . $$ But the pores of an energetic nanocomposite are also filled with a mixture of fine aluminum powder, and one or more finely dispersed metal oxides. Therefore, hydrogen gas could have evolved in the following way (as well as by several other reaction mechanisms in the high-temperature environment of GZ combustion).
3 , has been reported (Woodward and Glover 1948 $$ {\text{MoO}}_{ 3} + {\text{ H}}_{{ 2 }} \to {\text{ MoO}}_{ 2} + {\text{ H}}_{ 2} {\text{O,}} $$ $$ {\text{HODPP}} + {\text{ MoO}}_{ 2} \to {\text{1,3-DPP}} + {\text{ MoO}}_{ 3} . $$ Production of 1,3-DPP might then have followed from a metal oxide-catalyzed reaction of p-(3-phenylpropyl)phenol with hydrogen. A similar reduction of phenol to benzene, catalyzed by MoO, has been reported (Woodward and Glover).
Other pathways have been proposed for the release of 1,3-DPP, some without the need for preliminary reactions, but experiments are required to confirm these possibilities.
Based on currently released data, maximum detections for 1,3-DPP (at 290 Broadway, ~0.6 km from GZ) were measured on or about 5th, 13th, and 21st October. These last two dates are different from the dates suggesting violent, short-lived fires. That would be expected, of course, considering that 1,3-DPP would probably not survive such extreme fire events but would be converted into other products. In early October, however, full-scale clean-up operations had just begun at GZ, and 1,3-DPP might have been released at more locations in the pile, in some cases through physical or chemical means.
As for the effects of heat, the products of the pyrolysis of 1,3-DPP at 375°C are styrene and toluene, in equal amounts (Poutsma and Dyer 1982). This can occur directly in the dry composite (Kidder et al. 2005). Additionally, high temperature oxidation of toluene is known to produce benzene (Brezinsky et al. 1984).
The spikes in VOC detection could also be explained as a result of the rapid combustion of typical materials found within a building structure. If energetic nanocomposite materials, buried within the pile at GZ, were somehow ignited on specific dates (Table 1), violent, short-lived, and possibly explosive fires would result. Such fires would have quickly consumed all combustible materials nearby. The combustible materials available, after a month or two of smoldering fires in the pile, might have been more likely to be those that were less likely to have burned completely on earlier dates, like plastics. Later combustion of such plastic materials, in violent but short-lived fires, could explain the spikes in VOCs seen on those dates.
As for Cahill's data, the presence of compounds of sulfur and silicon in the fine PM seems to fit well with this hypothesis. Sulfur is typically an ingredient of aluminothermic materials (e.g. thermate), and silica is often the structural base for energetic nanocomposites. Sulfur might have been released, along with very fine silicon compounds and other species related to energetic nanocomposites, through explosions, violent fires, or other physical disturbances in the pile at GZ.
Along these lines, it is noteworthy that the data from EPA and Cahill show that detection of aluminum, iron, and barium, all of which are common ingredients of thermate-like aluminothermic mixtures (Jones 2006), spiked on specific dates. Cahill's data show a very noticeable simultaneous spike for aluminum and iron on 26th October. The EPA data show that, of the 28 days that aluminum was measured in air during 2001, the dates of maximum detection fall on the same dates as that of iron for the top 9 days in each case. Barium shares eight of these top nine daily maxima.
The metals mentioned by Cahill, for which the “anaerobic incineration” mechanism was proposed, might also be explained by further development of this hypothesis. For example, vanadium oxide has been used in energetic nanocomposites (Gash et al. 2000) and has been added to hybrid aerogels for the improvement of electrical conductivity, and to silica nanocomposites for the purpose of catalysis (Harreld et al. 1998; Luco et al. 1995). The EPA data show a maximum detection for vanadium on 19th December, the same date as EPA's maximum detection of iron, and the date of the second highest detection of both barium and aluminum. The highest detection of barium occurred on 7th March, 2002.
Titanium and nickel, other metals detected in unusual quantities by Cahill, have been used in the production of energetic nanocomposites as well (Gash et al. 2003). Neither EPA nor Cahill reported specific measurements for titanium, but spikes in the detection of nickel are clear in the EPA data on 11th October, 19th December, and 7th March, 2002.
Further testing of this hypothesis, for the presence of energetic materials at GZ, might focus on dust samples. For example, if aluminothermic mixtures were ignited at the WTC, significant quantities of the oxidized aluminum would have been present in the air and dust. Because EPA and Cahill used elemental analyses only, the fraction of aluminum present as aluminum oxide was not identified. Unfortunately, air samples are not likely to be useful at this late date but specific measurement of aluminum oxide in dust samples can certainly be done. Such measurements may also help to explain other anomalies observed at the WTC, such as the plumes of white ash accompanying very bright flames at the South Tower just before its fall (Jones et al. 2008b). Other tests for the remnants of energetic nanocomposites in the WTC dust would be indicative as well.
(Christophe Ena/AP Photo)
After reviewing several events that took place in Europe in 2013, here are some thoughts about what to look for in 2014. This exercise of prediction may be a little futile, but some truth may emerge from it.
1. Will Europe's economy recover?: If 2013 was the year of stagnation, economists are expecting 2014 to be the year of a mild recovery. But while growth may be at the doorstep, governments have to continue reforming their economies, as the GDP forecast for EU member states shows a slow recovery fluctuating between zero and 1.9 percent growth. With the exception of Germany, most EU member states need to continue to address their fiscal and economic issues. The challenge remains to bring back competitiveness without killing the welfare state.
2. Will France be the sick man of Europe?: The socialist revolution led by the normal president has had some problems. President Francois Hollande hasn't had a break since getting elected, and now their love life fascinates the world.
Aside from love, the economic and financial situation in France is far from pretty. Its budget deficit is large, its GDP is rising slowly and its unemployment level is near 11 percent. Hollande's approach to solving France's problems has not been through austerity measures like those implemented in the periphery of Europe. To that extent, Hollande has frustrated French business elites. Their policies have even stirred some tension between London and Paris, as London is arguing that Hollande is taking the French economy "into the sand." However, the French president is now calling for more reforms in order to cut public spending, taxes and labor costs.
2014 will be a turning point in Hollande's presidency. France is a country to watch closely.
3. Will the Olympic Games in Sochi be a disaster?: The winter Olympics in Sochi, Russia, are around the corner. So far the games have been on the map for all the wrong reasons: anti-gay policies championed by President Vladimir Putin; massive corruption charges, as billions of dollars supposedly dedicated to the games may have vanished; and credible terrorist threats. Two terrorist attacks in December caused more than 30 deaths in the Russian city of Volgograd, north of Sochi, so tensions in Russia are at their peak.
4. Is Britain going rogue?: The UK is on path to recovery for 2014, with growth estimated at 2.4 percent by the International Monetary Fund. Should this be a concern for the rest of Europe? With an economy re-emerging, Prime Minister David Cameron may be on its way to re-election.
Cameron has not made that many friends in Europe considering their latest comments on immigration and France, and their perpetual quest to bring power back from Brussels to London. In addition to their European agenda, Cameron will have to address the eventual referenda for the independence of Scotland from the U.K. and independence of Britain from the EU.
5. Will the extreme right get a spot at the table?: 2013 marked the rise on the European stage of extreme right-wing parties. Will 2014 be the year of their coronation? In May 2014, European citizens will be called to vote for the elections of the European Parliament. Since the first elections in 1979, turnout at European elections has decreased by almost 20 points.
The 2014 European elections are central for the future of the union. With the Treaty of Lisbon, the European Parliament has progressively seen an increase of its power and influence on the decision-making in European affairs. With a stronger European Parliament, European citizens ought to accept their responsibility and go vote in May.
6. Can Europe's neighborhood be stabilized?: The threats around Europe are real, between Turkey and Ukraine's political instabilities, and troubles in Syria, Egypt, Libya and Central Africa. France has stepped up in order to stabilize Libya, Mali and the Central African Republic, but the EU hasn't. However, France's actions have been at the expense of NATO and the Common Security and Defence Policy of the European Union. If Hollande is weak at home, they have certainly reinforced France's aura on the international stage, especially in Africa.
In addition, the U.S. is planning to leave Afghanistan by the end of 2014, which will force the Europeans to address the status of its police mission there, known as EUPOL-A. 2014 will be another year where the world wonders about the commitment of EU member states towards the CSDP and empowering their own military contributions to stabilizing their neighborhood. The recent decision by the EU Foreign Affairs minister to deploy a military CSDP mission in the Central African Republic may be an important step.
7. Will the transatlantic relationship survive Snowden?: 2013 was extremely tumultuous between the U.S. and the old continent. The revelations leaked by Edward Snowden had a disastrous impact on the transatlantic relationship. The massive gathering of metadata by British and American secret services did not help in merging interests and confidence across the pond.
As demonstrated in their recent speech, President Obama will not change much in how America conducts its business in order to defend its national security and advance its national interests. So they may be doing some damage control in 2014.
Maxime Larivé is a fellow at the EU Center of Excellence at the University of Miami, where they are also a lecturer, and a senior blogger for the Foreign Policy Association.
Read Michael P. Noonan: Dempsey's Wise Words on the Military Profession
Read Andrew Scobell: China, North Korea and the Fallout From Kim Jong-un Executing Their Uncle
Check out U.S. News Weekly, an insider's guide to politics and policy.
NORTH Korea has launched three short-range missiles into the Sea of Japan, apparently as part of a military drill, South Korea's defence ministry said.
"North Korea launched two guided missiles in the morning and another one in the afternoon,'' a defence ministry spokesperson told AFP.
"The missiles landed in the East Sea (Sea of Japan),'' they said.
South Korea was maintaining intense surveillance of the North and keeping a high-level of readiness to deal with any risky developments, they added.
North Korea sometimes launches short-range missiles for tests or as part of military drills.
The launches followed a joint South Korea-US naval exercise this week, slammed by North Korea as a "wanton'' provocation and rehearsal for war.
A US strike force led by the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier USS Nimitz participated in the two-day drill that ended on Tuesday.
A US defence official said last week that two North Korean missiles that had been primed for firing as tensions on the peninsula flared in the run-up to the North's national celebrations on April 15 had been moved from their launch site.
US and South Korean officials had been worried that any test of the Musudan medium-range missiles would trigger a fresh surge in tensions, which escalated after the North carried out a nuclear test in February.
Whistleblower Edward Snowden made a Christmas request to their Twitter followers to help the refugee families living in Hong Kong that sheltered them after they left the US and while they worked to expose the scope of the National Security Agency's information-gathering.
A fundraising effort was launched earlier this month for the individuals that helped Snowden. Their lawyer says the Hong Kong government has been retaliating against them and against them.
— Edward Snowden (@Snowden) December 24, 2016
Robert Tibbo, a Canadian barrister who advised Snowden in Hong Kong in 2013, also represents asylum-seekers Supun Thilina Kellapatha and their partner, Nadeeka, from Sri Lanka, and Vanessa Mae Bondalian Rodel from the Philippines, all of whom allowed the NSA whistleblower to stay in their tiny city accommodations while they hid in Hong Kong in 2013 before being granted asylum in Russia.
© Sputnik / Alexander Vilf Hong Kong to Withdraw Unrestricted Entry for Indians
After two years of inactivity, 30 of Tibbo's cases were suddenly reactivated in mid-December, they told the South China Morning Post. There was no way they could meet the mass of urgent new deadlines given their other work commitments, Tibbo said, and they have missed key document filing deadlines for their clients despite proposing alternate schedules.
"I understand I have been particularly targeted. They all know I have 30 cases that have been held in limbo and now this happens," they said, the South China Morning Post reported.
"To me this is a clear-cut strategy by the Hong Kong government to defeat my client cases by avoiding even looking at the merits of them. It is a grossly unfair procedure."
(Snowden also stayed with Ajith Pushpakumara, another Sri Lankan refugee whose asylum claim is not considered at risk because crucial paperwork has already been filed, but who is included in the fundraising effort.)
Hong Kong is not a signatory to the UN's refugee convention and does not grant asylum, but it is bound by the UN Convention against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (UNCAT) and considers protection claims on those grounds. It also considers claims based on risk of persecution, Yahoo News reports.
© REUTERS / Tyrone Siu Hong Kong Court Orders Lawmakers to Lose Seats Over Changing Oath While Sworn In
Many refugees spend years in waiting for the government to screen their claims. Those that are found to have merit are referred to the UNHCR, which may then try to resettle them to a third country. But fewer than one percent of cases are ever successfully substantiated by Hong Kong authorities, according to Yahoo News.
"Hong Kong's acceptance rate for asylum-seekers is effectively zero," Marc-André Séguin, an immigration specialist, told Canada's Globe and Mail. Séguin is one of the three Montreal lawyers who launched the campaign to support and ultimately resettled the refugees who helped Snowden.
"When you ask these people where they want to go, they consistently say Canada," they said.
In a video made by AFP earlier this month, Tibbo explains that their clients were destitute. They are barred from working in Hong Kong as their cases are pending. They didn't have enough money for rent or food, they said, and their bills were not being paid by international social services, which they called a serious deprivation of their basic needs and a violation of their constitutional rights.
"Our first objective is to raise funds to make sure they don't have to worry about their next meal. Our second objective is to find a safe place for them," Séguin told the Globe and Mail December 9.
Rodel told the Globe and Mail, "I can't go back because something bad will happen to me, especially now with our new president," referring to Philippine president Rodrigo Duterte's support for extrajudicial killings. "I think for me they could easily shoot me. They could do anything. All I want is for me and my daughter, my family, to be safe and have freedom. And I want to work and get an education for my daughter."
Tibbo has been criticized for involving their clients, but said that they wanted to help.
© AFP 2018 / MAURIZIO GAMBARINI Critics Corner Merkel by 'Linking Every Refugee Crime to Them Policy'
"We tried to explain magnitude to the families. They said ‘We understand, we understand.' They wanted to help, wanted to feel useful," Tibbo said, according to the Globe and Mail.
"Of course I feel responsible for what's happening now. Everyone else has to some extent moved on. They're still stuck."
The group hopes to raise $100,000 by mid-March. So far, it has raised $8,735
Sometimes when I think about what to cook for dinner, my brain hurts. There are just too many factors to consider, including: what's in the pantry, what I feel like, what needs to be used up, what my picky husband will actually touch, what I would actually prefer. This is a result of living in a country where our choices and options regarding food are so mind-bogglingly vast for many of us. It's terribly easy to fall into a rut of only eating five or six different dishes that you know you'll like, but that can get so tiring. So what's a conscious cook to do when looking for fast, healthy, meal ideas? Find out, after the jump…
Your best bet is turning to the Web. They don't call it the information superhighway for nothing. But that superhighway has millions of cars. Where to even begin? Thanks to StumbleUpon and my own obsession with food websites, I've found four great resources to turn to when ideas (and patience) run dry. They run the gamut from exhaustive lists to tools that will help you make something out of practically nothing.
SuperCook. If you haven't found this already, you're probably looking for it. Type in what you've got in the fridge and pantry, it spits out a list of recipes you can make. There are a few of these out there; I think this one's the best, because it's super user-friendly. It even breaks up the generated recipes into courses. This is a must-have for the home cook's online bookmarks. The Urban Vegan's 101 Lists. Even if you're not vegan, you're here at EatDrinkBetter, which leads me to believe you're open to meatless meals, no? Phildelphia's Urban Vegan is a meal-concept machine. She's generated three unbelievable lists of 101 fast vegan meals for fall, summer, and picnics. Seriously, I have no idea how they do it, but adapt their lists, and you'll easily be able to answer the question “So what can a vegan eat?” Food Network. I love the Food Network. I really do. But as little as two years ago, trying to find either healthy or meatless meals was darn near impossible. I felt like I do when I go to restaurants where the only vegetarian option is the ubiquitous portabello sandwich: healthy, meat-free meals are an afterthought. No longer. They now have a vegetarian-friendly section that looks like they actually put time and effort into it. They even have a <gasp> vegan section. Real Simple Food. There are several good things about Real Simple–mainly, that everything in the magazine is available online for free, along with exclusive online content. In addition, their recipes (of which there are tens of thousands) mostly use whole foods (i.e. real ingredients) but are usually time-friendly for those in a hurry. As far a comprehensive resource, Real Simple is the way to go for tips, lists, tool, and especially time-friendly recipes.
Add these four websites to your bookmarks and click away when fresh meal-planning ideas are few and far between.
Related Posts
“What keeps me up at night, candidly, is another attack against the United States,” Sen. Dianne Feinstein said last month in what was, then, their routine defense of the mass global surveillance being conducted by the National Security Agency and other US intelligence agencies.
All that has changed now that they believe that the staff of the committee they chair – the powerful, secretive Senate Select Committee on Intelligence – was spied on and lied to by the CIA.
The committee was formed after the Watergate scandal engulfed the Nixon administration. The Church Committee, led by Idaho Democratic Sen Frank Church, conducted a comprehensive investigation of abuses by US intelligence agencies, of everything from spying on anti-war protesters to the assassination of foreign leaders. Thus began the modern era of congressional and judicial oversight of US intelligence.
This week's public spat between CIA-loyalist Feinstein and that agency might briefly upset the status quo, but they will make up. Sadly, it obscures a graver problem: the untold story of the United States' secret policy of torture and rendition (the latter is White House lingo for “kidnapping”).
The conflict surrounds the mammoth, classified Intelligence Committee report on this notorious US government program. Feinstein and other senators have sought the declassification of the 6,300-page document. We have now learned from press reports and from a speech Feinstein made on the Senate floor this week that Intelligence Committee staffers were given access to CIA documents at a secure CIA facility, somewhere outside of CIA headquarters. Feinstein described the scene:
The CIA started making documents available electronically to the committee staff at the CIA leased facility in mid-2009. The number of pages ran quickly to the thousands, tens of thousands, the hundreds of thousands, and then into the millions. The documents that were provided came without any index, without organizational structure. It was a true ‘document dump' that our committee staff had to go through and make sense of.
Whether it was in those millions of pages, or provided to the Intelligence Committee staff from a CIA whistleblower, we do not yet know – but a key document surfaced, called the “Internal Panetta Review”, ostensibly named after Leon Panetta, the director of the CIA at the time. Feinstein said in their floor speech:
What was unique and interesting about the internal documents was ... their analysis and acknowledgement of significant CIA wrongdoing.
This “Internal Panetta Review” specifically contradicts the CIA's own written testimony to the Intelligence Committee. Yes, the CIA was caught in a lie.
It doesn't end there.
Mike German, a fellow at New York University's Brennan Center for Justice who served as an FBI agent specializing in domestic counterterrorism for 15 years, said on the Democracy Now! news hour, “This is really an extraordinary situation. ... This is supposed to be oversight of the CIA that the Senate is doing, not allowing the CIA to set the terms for the oversight of their own work.” Feinstein reported that hundreds of documents originally provided were later deleted by the CIA. Now, to add insult to injury, it turns out the CIA is seeking criminal charges against committee staffers, ostensibly for stealing the Panetta review.
Ray McGovern is a former top-level CIA analyst who publicly criticized the intelligence used to justify the invasion of Iraq. They told me: “This goes back to the key question of supervising the intelligence community. ... People always say, ‘After 9/11, everything changed.' Well, it did change. The president, on the evening of 9/11, said, ‘I don't care what the international lawyers say. We're going to kick some ass.' ... Well, they took some prisoners in Afghanistan, and the first person tortured was John Walker Lindh, an American citizen.”
The torture was widespread, vicious and conducted in secret “black sites” around the globe. This is what is being lost in the Beltway power struggle between Sen Feinstein and the CIA. Lives have been ruined; some in US detention died violent deaths at the hands of their captors. In the grim American gulag at Guantanamo Bay, hunger-striking prisoners charged with no crime, some of whom have been cleared for release for more than a decade, are subjected to vicious force-feeding and torture techniques that date back to the Spanish Inquisition.
Let's hope Feinstein's indignation is not quickly salved, and that the Intelligence Committee's oversight of the sprawling US intelligence agencies is invigorated, with real teeth. NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden weighed in from political asylum in Russia, saying, “We're seeing another ‘Merkel Effect', where an elected official does not care at all that the rights of millions of ordinary citizens are violated by our spies, but suddenly it's a scandal when a politician finds out the same thing happens to them.”
• Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column.
© 2014 Amy Goodman; distributed by King Features Syndicate
Rep. Darrell Issa on Tuesday voted against a resolution that sought to shed some light on any ties President Donald Trump may have with the Kremlin, just days after they broke with the White House and called for an independent investigation into whether Russia interfered with the presidential election.
The resolution called on the Justice Department to give Congress records about any “criminal or counterintelligence” investigations into relationships between Trump — and their administration and business interests — and Russia.
Issa said that the resolution, introduced by Democrats, would have created a political rather than impartial review.
On “Real Time with Bill Maher” Friday night, Issa called for a “special prosecutor” to investigate possible Russian interference in the presidential election. Earlier this week and on Tuesday, Issa slightly clarified that remark saying that they wanted an “independent review” of the matter.
A Democratic campaign organization that has targeted Issa's seat for the 2018 midterm election criticized their vote and said it prevents the public from knowing Trump's involvement with Russia.
Instead of the resolution, Issa said it's more appropriate for the committee to send Attorney General Jeff Sessions a letter that asks them to voluntarily agree to keep Congress informed about the results of Trump's foreign interests before taking more forceful action.
“As the chairperson of the committee said in their opening remarks for this response, there is a letter that is in draft form that I have already looked at and made my comments on that asks for information and cooperation by the attorney general,” Issa said. “That is fitting and appropriate as the first step.”
They told other committee members that they were known for their tenacity when they led the House Oversight Committee for getting answers to questions, and they will be just as forceful if the Justice Department does not keep Congress informed.
They said they also support investigations by other congressional committees on the relationship between Trump and Russia. They added that they still believe an independent investigator with no political conflicts should conduct a separate inquiry on any Russian interference in the 2016 election.
Issa said the resolution the committee considered was tainted by politics.
“Instead of making progress towards a truly impartial investigation, the resolution considered today would have moved the congressional review process in the opposite direction,” they said.
But the resolution's sponsor, Rep. Jerrold Nadler, D-New York, said that their measure would cut through roadblocks from Republicans who have tried to prevent a review of Trump's ties to Russia.
“That is why I introduced my resolution, which directs the Department of Justice to provide the House of Representatives with any and all information it posses related to any conflicts of interests, any ethical violations, and any improper ties to Russia by President Trump or their associates,” Nadler said.
Sessions, who had been a part of Trump's campaign, has a conflict of interest that prevents them from impartially investigating foreign ties, Nadler said, noting the White House has dismissed questions by insisting there's nothing to investigate.
“Well, that should not be good enough for this House,” Nadler said. “We must ensure that we get access to any information that the Department of Justice has so that we can do our own investigation.”
The measure, a rarely considered “resolution of inquiry” failed 18 to 16 along party lines.
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee said Issa's vote will keep the public in the dark.
“The American people deserve to know if President Trump is enriching themselves and their boosters in Moscow instead of protecting our national security and growing our economy,” DCCC spokesperson Patrick Burgwinkle said in a statement.
On the Bill Maher show, Issa said that Sessions should not be involved in the inquiry, and called for a “special prosecutor.”
On Tuesday, Issa appeared to clarify their statement from the talk show. In the committee hearing, they said there is ”no such thing as a special prosecutor,” suggesting that they referenced a now defunct office in the Justice Department on the show.
On Monday, their office released a statement where they called for an “independent review.”
Twitter: @jptstewart
joshua.stewart@sduniontribune.com
(619) 293-1841
Recounting the exploits of two young reporters who went undercover to uncover the ACORN scandal, online publisher Andrew Breitbart on Saturday exhorted a widely held view among those in the tea party movement: Liberals and media organizations “can no longer control the narrative.”
The rise of conservative media outfits like Breitbart's Big Journalism [bigjournalism.com] and Big Government and Tucker Carlson's The Daily Caller [thedailycaller.com] have offered a kind of counter-media that, in Breitbart's view, tells the stories that the mainstream media won't tell Americans – including that of the nascent tea party movement, which has grown largely by Twitter, Facebook and via blogs like Glenn Reynolds' Instapundit [instapundit.com].
Technology the great equalizer
“Technology has been a great equalizer,” says Judson Phillips, founder of the Tea Party Nation website, a sort of tea party Facebook that sponsored this weekend convention. “It reminds me of how the British used old-style tactics and the patriots would be behind the trees, shooting.”
In a fiery speech to the first-ever National Tea Party Convention on Saturday, Breitbart – who runs their counter-media empire from their basement office in Hollywood – painted a vivid picture of a press in lockstep with liberal values, where reporters use words like racist and homophobe as weapons to suppress dissent. (At that point, a woman wearing a t-shirt that said “I resist” stood up and waved.)
Breitbart said reporters put all news involving conservatives into two basic buckets: "racism and Watergate." They urged the 600 tea party activists gathered at the Opryland resort in Nashville to take inspiration from conservative reporters like James O'Keefe, the videographer behind the undercover ACORN expose.
"I'm trying to tell you, wink, you can do it, too. You have cameras! You have ingenuity!" they said. “What we are starting to do is create our own media … that is reporting what the mainstream media refuses to tell you .We are exposing the corruption of the mainstream media.”
Breitbart's may have a point. Proof to many here is how the mainstream media for weeks missed the story of Scott Brown's surging candidacy in Massachusetts (one likely reason for all the interest in the Tea Party Convention), or how the New York Times put Mr. O'Keefe on page 1 only after they were arrested for alleged phone-tampering at Sen. Mary Landrieu's office in New Orleans.
Jabs at the mainstream media
But while the roomful of tea partiers stood up at several of Breitbart's jabs and pointed to the TV cameras at the back of the room, the fact that there were TV cameras there at all partly undermined Breitbart's point that mainstream reporters are totally out of touch.
Convention organizers realized it, too. After originally banning all but a few mostly conservative outlets, the organizers ultimately opened the convention doors wide, even allowing media into Sarah Palin's speech tonight.
True, some of the ensuing coverage has been critical and snide. But the willingness of people like California tea party activist Heather Gass to speak their mind to mainstream reporters may do as much, or more, to legitimize the tea party movement as the counter-media's attention.
"People can now see who we are and they can see that we're not dangerous,” says Ms. Gass. “We're their neighbors.”
Not everyone agrees. One caller to C-Span – which aired nearly the entire convention – said the sight of primarily white and older self-described “patriots” frightened them They said the gathering looked like a lynch mob.
But the fact is that the 200-plus old-school reporters attending the convention is giving the potent but inchoate movement something it craves and, ultimately, needs: respect.
That includes a Swedish radio reporter who sent an earnest piece back to Sveriges Radio on Friday, explaining how a modern-day tax revolt movement that appeared at first to be woefully fringe is looking more and more mainstream.
-----
Follow us on Twitter.
Russian news website Life News has published emails it claims show correspondence between the US State Dept. and the Russian election watchdog Golos discussing payments for work done to discredit the results of Russia's parliamentary vote.
­Life News says it has come into the possession of 60 megabytes of Golos' private online correspondence. According to Life News, they are letters sent and received by Golos Executive Chief Lilya Shibanova and their deputy Grigory Melkonyants. Judging by the documents published on the site, the group which claimed to be independent was actually funded in order to defend the interests of US State Department.
In one of the letters Yulia Kostkina, a financial analyst for the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) sends Melkonyants a list of remarks and guidelines considering Golos' activities. They also write:
“The list of the lacking documents we are expecting from you:
Policy and procedures of applying currency rates to Golos accountance and finance reporting;
Procurement activities;
Procedures of property management considering the procedures, existing in USAID,”
with several more similar paragraphs in that letter.
­
Letter by Yulia Kostkina, a financial analyst for the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) to Golos Deputy Chief. Image from Lifenews.ru (click to enlarge) Letter by Yulia Kostkina, a financial analyst for the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) to Golos Deputy Chief. Image from Lifenews.ru (click to enlarge)
USAID has a clear goal of supporting the US foreign policy and is not making secret of that, while Golos has been proclaiming its “independent monitoring of the election and defense of voters' rights.”
­And judging by the letters in question, there seems to be a certain “price” Golos paid activists for any report on election violations. Here is a letter by activist Andrey Suvorov to Melkonyants:
“Hello,
I just wanted to discuss the conditions of our work once again.
Like we have defined it, it is piece-rated.
What will be the sum for one full appeal based on a violation report?
What will be the sum for the detected incorrect report about a violation?
Waiting for your answer.
If necessary, I will come up with my suggestions.
Best regards, Andrey.”
Shibanova explained the letters discussing rates for violations reports by the fact that Suvorov is a lawyer who really was "piece-paid” for checking such messages. They also told Life News, “this correspondence was attained illegally.”
“It was withdrawn from the mailbox of my deputy, Grigory Melkonyants; they often sent emails from their account by my orders. Cracking a mailbox is unlawful, and we will apply to the court,” they said.
­Golos mission
Golos has pointed out violations it allegedly spotted during Sunday's parliamentary election in Russia.
Earlier, a couple days before the vote, Shibanova was held by Russian customs officers at a Moscow airport until they handed over their laptop for inspection when they were returning from an EU-Russia Civil Society forum. Just a day before the incident, “Golos” had been fined around $1,000 by a Moscow court for publishing “election-related opinion polls and research” between Tuesday and Wednesday, as in Russia publication of such information is forbidden within five days of elections.
On a separate occasion, State Department Deputy Spokesperson Mark Toner said Washington would provide greater support to non-governmental organizations in Russia for “greater transparency” during next year's presidential election.
Despite America's budget breakdown, millions of dollars of taxpayer money have been allocated for the purpose of “improving” Russian elections.
“We have, I know, spent more than $9 million to support free and transparent processes for Russia's upcoming elections,” Toner said, before singling out Golos.”Our interest is to support these NGOs that support the process, not necessarily to support… any given political party,” they went on. "And Golos, by the way, is just one of many nongovernmental organizations in Russia that receive this kind of assistance.”
­The publication came as Prime Minister Vladimir Putin suggested that anti-election activists in Russia acted after a prompt from the US Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton, who criticized the Duma elections an OSCE meeting on Tuesday.
“I watched our American colleagues' first reaction. The first thing the Secretary of State did was to give an assessment of the elections, saying that they were unjust and unfair – even though they had no materials from the Office for Democratic Institutions and Human Rights. They gave a tune-in for some activists in our country and they gave them a signal. They heard the signal and started to take action with the support of the US State Department.”
Putin also suggested tougher punishment for those who influence Russian politics on orders from abroad.
“We must protect our sovereignty and we should think about improving the laws around toughening penalties for those who execute the tasks of a foreign state to influence our internal political processes,” they said.
The London skyline has been saved from some questionable designs over the years – including a massive stone pyramid in Trafalgar Square. Thankfully none of these grand schemes ever got off the drawing board, says Ian Mansfield
How London might have looked: from Regent St monorail to a straight Thames
How London might have looked: from Regent St monorail to a straight Thames
For centuries humankind has built mighty monuments dedicated to their endeavours, and while today we may lean towards huge infrastructure projects as opposed to war memorials, the exuberance, and on occasions ridicule, they engender can still excite the public imagination.
Over the years, many grand schemes have been hatched that would have transformed the face of London. Engineers and architects planned to solve society's ailments and built a new urban utopia.
Though we might shudder at what was planned by men with ideas as lofty as their finances were shaky, they were often motivated both by personal gain and a real vision for a better society.
From schemes to improve transport to grand monuments memorialising mighty deeds, these are some of the unbuilt plans that could have changed how we look at London today.
Straightening the River Thames
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Willey Reveley's plans to cut out the curves. Photograph: Spottiswoode & Co
The opening credits to EastEnders would look rather different had a scheme designed more than two centuries ago by Willey Reveley been carried out: to straighten out the River Thames.
The idea had some merit as merchants could save valuable time cutting out the huge loop of the Isle of Dogs to deliver goods to the port of London.
The discarded loops of the river would have become massive sealed-off docks, creating in just a few years enough warehouse space that would take the dock builders decades to achieve.
The scheme eventually failed and London retained its distinctive curvy Thames, thanks to the machinations of the City authorities who were worried about a loss of trade at their warehouses.
Flying into the Isle of Dogs
In the 1980s, the planners of the Docklands' redevelopment set out a new airport to whisk city folk around Europe – but just 40 years earlier an airport with six runways had been planned.
At a time when planes were small, and the runways were also considerably smaller, six runways would have sat comfortably at the top of the Isle of Dogs .
The plan was as much about improving air traffic for those who could afford it, as improving cargo services to the centre of the city.
The plans – which were drawn up by Riba – were never taken that seriously. Planes were growing fast and within a few years this brand-new airport would have been hopelessly incapable of coping with the sorts of aircraft landing at Heathrow.
The Victorian skyscraper
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Crystal Palace was to be converted into a 1,000 ft tower. Illustration: Science & Society Picture Library/Getty Images
When the massive Great Exhibition of 1851 was dismantled, a number of plans for what to do with the temporary prefab structure included what would still be London's highest skyscraper.
Proposed by Charles Burton, the skyscraper would have stood at around 1,000 ft high, and thanks to its elevated location in Sydenham, south London, the summit would be 100 ft higher than the Shard, currently London's tallest building.
“Vertical railways” would have carried people to the summit for the views, while curiously, a giant clock would have been the centrepiece halfway up.
However, the investors favoured keeping their feet on the ground, and instead built the Crystal Palace.
Had the skyscraper been attempted, it is likely that the weight of the ironwork would have brought the whole thing crashing down – though a fire would eventually destroy the Crystal Palace.
A cable car for North Greenwich
It may surprise some to learn that ex-London mayor Boris Johnson's cable car across the Thames was not the first attempt at cable car in North Greenwich.
Back in the days of cool Britannia when expectations that the exhibition at the Millennium Dome would rival the Great Exhibition in popularity, doubts started to emerge about what to do with the visitors.
The Jubilee line looked like it might be late, so plans were announced for a cable car linking the Dome with the north side of the river: the Meridian Skyway.
It got as far as securing planning permission and raising most of the money needed to be built, until the Dome exhibition organisers were accused of scaring off investors with gloomy predictions about passenger traffic.
With visitor numbers to the Dome far lower than hoped, dreams of flying across the Thames were to remain just that until Boris came along with their own cable car, sponsored by an airline.
Central London monorail
Nearly 50 years ago, plans were published to scrap many of London's famous red buses to replace them with something that could have become just as famous – a monorail network.
The scheme was proposed by Brian Waters, and endorsed by Desmond Plummer, leader of the Conservative opposition at the GLC. It would have seen four large loops built above the streets of London carrying the monorail services.
The plan was not entirely unmerited as bus usage was in decline while cars were clogging up the streets. Replacing the buses with a monorail was seen as a way of increasing space for the motorist without adversely affecting public transport users.
How close we came to a fleet of monorails zipping around above Londoners' heads is unclear, as despite early political support, the plans vanished within a couple of years.
High Paddington
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The development included a primary school, cinema, TV studios and offices. Photograph: Carl Sutton/Getty Images
Imagine a new urban village with a lofty church atop a series of tall residential towers, all built over a major railway line into London – that was High Paddington.
It would have seen three massive tower blocks built on a concrete plinth raised over the railway lines on the approach to Paddington station.
Designed in 1952 by the architect Sergei Kadleigh (of Barbican fame), the towers would have housed around 8,000 people, with their own school and a dedicated church for this new urban town.
The intention was to house tenants who would have been displaced by tearing down the remains of London's slum housing. It was the archetypal council estate, a decade ahead of its time.
However, it was never built, more due to lack of support from the media. Today the area is a cluster of other high-rise towers in the form of luxury homes and offices.
The democratic tower
While most monuments have traditionally been built to commemorate great people or great conflicts, a massive tower was once planned to celebrate democracy.
A tower designed by Richard Trevithick in 1832 to commemorate the Great Reform Act was a column almost as tall as the Shard, made from cast iron and covered in gold. And, perched 1,000 ft above the streets of London would have been an equestrian statue.
Trafalgar Square pyramid
Facebook Twitter Pinterest London's very own pyramid
Central London would have looked a lot different had a 200-year-old plan been carried out. In 1815, the land that is now Trafalgar Square was occupied by stables and the King's Mews. And the MP Sir Frederick William Trench felt it was the perfect site for a monument in the shape of a massive stone pyramid.
It would commemorate the the Battle of the Nile, which coincidentally was won by Nelson, who is more famous for the Battle of Trafalgar and now stands atop the square's column.
Trench felt that the Nile was a more important battle to remember, and planned a very Egyptian monument in the heart of London.
Taller than St Paul's Cathedral, and double the size of Trafalgar Square, this massive Egyptian interloper would have dominated the skyline for miles around.
Fortunately Trench's plans gained very little support, and a few years later the land was cleared – much to the relief of London's pigeons.
Britannia Triumphant
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The top section of Britannia Triumphant, a plan announced in 1799 to symbolise British naval power. Photograph: The British Museum
King's Cross airport? The outlandish plans for London that almost got built Read more
Just to make sure the world knew of Britain's naval power, in 1799 plans were announced to create a 230 ft high statue in Greenwich that would have dominated the landscape for miles.
Fortunately, the plans were widely ridiculed in the press, and the designer themselves withdrew them – although only to lend support to a rival scheme to commemorate British naval victories in Egypt.
New York has the Statue of Liberty, and London nearly had Britannia Triumphant.
Follow Guardian Cities on Twitter and Facebook and join the discussion
They bring the heat on the mound, but Blue Jays pitcher Marcus Stroman was denied a hot meal on Tuesday night after securing their career-best 12th win against the visiting Kansas City Royals.
Stroman took to Twitter after the 5-2 victory, saying they were thrown a curve ball when they tried to celebrate at the Cactus Club Cafe on 77 Adelaide St. W.
“Shout to the security guards at @cactusclubcafe for denying me entry for a post-game meal. Off to @SohoHouse with the family!”
Shout to the security guards at @cactusclubcafe for denying me entry for a post-game meal. Off to @SohoHouse with the family! https://t.co/NIMpJws64e — Marcus Stroman (@MStrooo6) September 20, 2017
A witness who was inside the restaurant at the time tells CityNews Stroman walked into the Cactus Club with a party of three after the game, but was abruptly confronted by a security guard. When asked if they had a reservation, Stroman said they did, but for reasons unknown the security guard told them they were not welcome inside the establishment.
When the baseball star objected, the witness alleged the guard physically blocked Stroman's path.
The witness maintains the guard appeared to be escalating the situation and acting in an intimidating fashion.
Stroman is reportedly a regular at the restaurant, which issued an apology on Twitter.
“Please know we are deeply sorry for last night and fixing the issue right now. You're always welcome at Cactus.”
Please know we are deeply sorry for last night and fixing the issue right now. You're always welcome at Cactus. — Cactus Club Cafe (@cactusclubcafe) September 20, 2017
CityNews later spoke to Cactus Club VP of Communications, Christy Murphy, who apologized and said a full investigation was underway.
“We are going to get to the bottom of it … and do whatever it takes to make sure Stroman and the rest of the team feel welcome again at Cactus Club,” they said in a phone interview.
Social media expert, Tony Chapman, gave the Cactus Club credit for how It's handled the situation. “They are doing the right things,” they said. “They are getting in front of it.”
Despite a disappointing season of dashed playoff hopes for the Jays, Stroman has been a bright spot for the team.
The 26-year-old right-hander is nearing their second 200-inning season, and their ERA stands at 3.01 after Tuesday's game — the ninth best in Major League Baseball.
An Australian Test team described as quiet? No, really.
Australia's captain Steven Smith has demanded their players find their voices and energy in the lead-up to the home summer, having pinpointed a flat and uninspiring on-field attitude as one of the reasons for the team's recent defeat in Sri Lanka.
There was a marked contrast between the lack of assertiveness shown during those matches after the second day of the series, and the more aggressive posture of the limited-overs teams that won 50-over and Twenty20 contests in the aftermath of the Tests.
Rested after the second ODI, Smith watched on television from their home in Sydney as the vice-captain David Warner led a far more demonstrative effort. Smith wants that to be the template for the way the Test players carry themselves in future, indicating that a more boisterous, aggressive attitude is critical to the way Australia play their best cricket.
"I thought their energy was magnificent throughout those games and looking forward that's the sort of energy we want from them and all of the other senior players," Smith said of Warner, in Sydney ahead of the ODI team's departure for South Africa, where they will also play a match against Ireland. "We've got a pretty quiet group and we need that sort of energy come South Africa and the summer as well. I thought in the Test series in Sri Lanka we lacked a fair bit of energy in the field and that probably cost us at times. We put down a few crucial chances and in the grand scheme of things that could have made a difference."
The raft of retirements that followed the 2015 Ashes series did serve to trip the national side of plenty of outsized characters, from the captain Michael Clarke and the wicketkeeper Brad Haddin to Shane Watson and Mitchell Johnson - all featured in various on-field confrontations with opponents down the years. The likes of Peter Nevill, Adam Voges and Nathan Lyon are less likely to raise their voices, but Smith was firm in stating that they need to.
"It's difficult," they said. "We've got some pretty quiet characters, so even if it's not making noise verbally it might be just about having a bit more presence and the old Australian way of puffing your chest out and making your presence felt for the quieter guys. It's trying to do that, get into the game that way and try to provide some sort of energy that way."
Communication was raised in another sense by Smith, when reflecting on the decision to rest them from the latter part of the Sri Lanka tour. The timing was queried by many around the world, even if the game's crowded schedule makes such decisions more or less inevitable lest players like Smith or the fast bowlers be burned out well before their careers have run a natural course.
"For me it was just about getting the messaging across and I think we could have got the messaging across a fair bit better," Smith said. "We knew a fair way out that I was going to leave after the second one-day game. The fact we only brought it out the day before probably shocked a few people, so in future if this sort of thing pops up and someone's having a rest ... it's about getting it out a little bit earlier.
"I watched every ball that was bowled in the one-day series and I did miss it, but having said that it probably will do me the world of good looking at what's coming up. Particularly the fast bowlers, it's very difficult for them to sustain it for long periods of time and go full tilt, which we want those guys doing. Having said that, for this series it gives a couple of guys an opportunity, we get a look at the likes of Tremain, Worrall and Mennie."
GREATER Western Sydney has suffered a further blow to its midfield stocks with Devon Smith set to miss at least two months of footy with a knee problem.
Smith has struggled with their left knee for the last two months and will have surgery next week after initial treatment for a cartilage issue failed to fix the problem.
 They are expected to be sidelined for 8-10 weeks.
The 22-year-old had an interrupted pre-season and was forced them to miss the NAB Challenge, but returned for the first three games of the year, in which they averaged 17 possessions and a goal.
Smith then missed the Giants' round four clashes with Port Adelaide, returned to play St Kilda, but couldn't get up for last week's stunning 75-point win over Hawthorn.
Giants' head of athletic performance David Joyce said surgery was in Smith's best interests and gave them a chance to return for a potential finals campaign later in the year.
“We consulted with a specialist late last week and after weighing up a number of options in recent days, the decision has been made to tidy up some of the cartilage in their knee that has been causing discomfort," they said.
In slightly better news for GWS, Ryan Griffen has avoided surgery but is still expected to miss 5-6 weeks after suffering a small fracture in their lower back at training last week.
The experienced midfielder was a late withdrawal from round six after copping an accidental knock on Wednesday, with Giants' officials shocked to learn how serious the injury was.
Forward Will Hoskin-Elliott (quad) is set for a month on the sidelines, while Sam Reid (hamstring) and academy draftee Matthew Flynn (ankle) will both miss at least a week after being injured in the NEAFL on Saturday.
Make no mistake about it – in every sense, in every way, the 20th Commonwealth Games held in Glasgow over the last 12 days were a huge success.
And credit is due to all sorts of people for making them so.
We should begin, of course, with the competitors who secured an astonishing and record array of medals as well as, for those who didn't secure gold, silver or bronze, well-deserved plaudits for the manner in which they all competed.
In addition, the people of Glasgow have rightly been praised for the way they welcomed those hundreds of thousands of visitors into their midst.
But there is no doubt, in the mind of this observer at least, that the highest praise possible should be reserved for those who made the Games the success they've been – the Scottish Government, the organising committee for the Glasgow event and Glasgow City Council.
With Lord Smith of Kelvin, as chairperson of the organising committee, assisted by the likes of Bridget McConnell, Glasgow's sport and culture supremo, Sir Bill Gammell, the one-time rugby international and founder of Cairn Energy and David Grevemberg, a chief executive who never seemed flustered, it was a first-rate team.
But, I have also no doubt that pride of place for the Games' success should be accorded to the SNP government.
It was Jack – now Lord – McConnell's Labour/Liberal Democrat government that sought and won the 2014 Games for Scotland and Glasgow. But, it was Alex Salmond's that made it happen and happen so brilliantly. They pledged to put the Games on – on time and within budget. And they did it.
That praise should be heaped on them for this may sound strange; after all why shouldn't a modern, skilled and well-educated country like Scotland be able to cope with a task such as this?
The truth is that it is nothing like as simple as it sounds. The history of large-scale international sporting occasions is littered with the bones of failed attempts and other Games at other venues, both Olympic and Commonwealth, have foundered often on the yardsticks of time and cost. Indeed, Scotland has bitter memories of the disastrous 1986 event.
And with recent memories of over-the-top Scottish public works fiascos – the massive overspends on the Holyrood parliament building and the Edinburgh tramline – still uppermost in everyone's minds, it cannot be said that the Scottish people looked forward with any degree of relish to the Glasgow Games.
That was the spur that made the SNP micro-manage the project. A successful game would enhance Scotland's standing in the eyes of a global audience.
Thus, Mr Salmond led for their government, with John Swinney, the finance minister, managing the money and Shona Robison, the sports minister, doing the donkey work. But, above all, they made sure that the personnel on the organising committee were of the highest calibre. And whilst the latter would have shared the blame if things had gone pear-shaped, the ultimate responsibility and all the odium would have been heaped on Team Salmond.
It makes a change for this column to be praising the nationalists but, after watching the televised events and attending Hampden with my daughter on Friday night, I have no hesitation in doing so in respect of this project. It really was great.
With the Games gone, the political world will now be engulfed totally in the referendum madness. The Scottish Parliament resumes tomorrow which also sees the first TV debate between Mr Salmond and Alistair Darling.
The SNP leader was at pains last night to deny the suggestion in a Sunday newspaper that Nicola Sturgeon, their deputy, had been seeking to make political capital out of the success of the Games by saying that they had given the independence cause “momentum”.
But if they didn't say it, then it will only be a matter of time before some other Nat does – maybe even Wee Eck himself.
Scotland put on a spectacularly successful show over the last 12 days. That is a good reason to pat ourselves on the back … nothing more.
County Executive Chris Abele sat down with Daniel Bice and answered a readers' question on what to do with the Domes. Bice's extended interviews with Chris Abele and Chris Larson post Thursday with 'JS on Politics' at noon.
The Milwaukee County executive's race is now a battle of the domes.
Specifically, what to do with the beloved but dilapidated Mitchell Park Domes.
In an interview with "JS on Politics" this week, County Executive Chris Abele said they were open to tearing down the aging landmark. The county has estimated it would cost up to $75 million to fully renovate the Domes with a new horticultural conservatory.
"It's a realistic option," Abele said of razing the Domes. "Put it this way: If the public says, 'Hey, we don't want to spend — of the finite box of funding we have — we don't want to spend...$75 million,' I'm not going to tell them they're wrong."
Abele, who is running for their second full term as county CEO, said they realize some local residents might be upset if the county decides to bulldoze the current horticultural conservatory.
"When the Domes replaced the Victorian conservatory that was there before, I'm sure there were plenty of people who bemoaned the loss of the Victorian conservatory and saw these new, modern McDonald's-y domes as, oh, it was heresy," they said.
"I'm sure whatever we do, if it's change, there'll be people who will be nostalgic about what was."
By contrast, Abele's opponent, state Sen. Chris Larson, is accusing the Abele administration of failing to maintain the popular attraction over the past five years. Larson also suggested the incumbent county exec is overstating the cost of repairing the facility.
Larson estimates the three domes — Show, Tropical and Desert — can be fixed for $15 million each for a total of $45 million. They favor borrowing funds or tapping federal, state or regional funds to pay for the repairs.
But whatever the source of funds and the eventual price tag, Larson made it clear that they have no interest in reducing the Domes to rubble.
"As a Milwaukee County resident and somebody who's lived here their whole life, I have the same reaction I think a lot of my neighbors did, which is, like, 'This is a part of our soul, of who we are as Milwaukee County,'" Larson told "JS on Politics."
Last month, Larson narrowly edged Abele in the four-way primary for the county's top job. The two will square off again in the April 5 general election.
In talking with the Milwaukee Journal Sentinel, Abele and Larson laid out two different visions for how they would run the county. (The full interviews will air on jsonline.com on Thursday.)
Abele said it's their "goal" to hold the line on property taxes over the next four years, though they stopped short of making any kind of pledge. Larson accused Abele of budget "gimmicks" and said they would try to hold property tax increases to the rate of inflation.
In addition, Larson said they would push for an increase in the sales tax by a penny in Milwaukee County, something they said would generate $141 million a year. Under their plan, 50% of those funds would be dedicated to parks, transit and emergency services, and the rest would be used for property tax relief.
Abele was skeptical that the Legislature, which is controlled by Republicans, would grant such authority to the county.
But the two were most sharply divided on the Domes, which closed recently after a piece of debris fell inside the Desert Dome in late January.
The Domes were built between 1961 and 1967 at a cost of $4.5 million. They are the only horticultural conservatory in the world built in a shape like a beehive.
Last month, Abele announced a $1 million, three-dome repair plan that would set a goal of reopening the Show Dome by May 1.
The Parks Department's current budget includes $500,000 to pay for repairs in the Domes.
The county exec will ask the County Board in March to approve spending an additional $500,000 this year for repairs inside the Tropical and Desert domes. A work schedule of six to eight weeks for each of those domes would delay reopening of both before Sept. 1.
This week, Abele, who was first elected in 2011, wouldn't commit to any long-term plan in their interview.
They said the county is currently losing $1.2 million a year to operate the Domes.
Whatever the county ends up doing, Abele said they favor a plan that would be financially sustainable and efficient. For now, they said they are open to all options — though it clearly sounds like they aren't a huge fan of the current facility.
"I try not to limit my ability to improve a plan," Abele said.
But Larson said it is largely the incumbent's fault that the county finds itself in this situation, saying Abele was negligent in their upkeep of the three structures.
Even so, they said the Domes do not have to come down.
"I think we can do it for a fraction of what they're saying," Larson said.
Contact Daniel Bice at (414) 224-2135 or dbice@jrn.com. Follow them on Twitter @DanielBice or on Facebook at fb.me/daniel.bice.
For years, Apple pundits' favorite game was to guess when the iPhone would finally support NFC, or Near Field Communication. If only Apple would support NFC, then mobile payments would take off, and we could finally stop paying cash and credit cards. But Apple never did support NFC and it appears it made the right decision: According to GigaOm, major retailers Best Buy and 7-Eleven are ditching their NFC sensors in their stores.
So far, NFC hasn't taken off for a number of reasons. First, banks charge higher fees for mobile payments and retailers with low margins naturally look for the payment option with the lowest fees. Second, a mobile payments standard hasn't emerged as a result of competing options from Google and Isis, which is backed by Verizon, AT&T, and T-Mobile. Isis tried to block Google Wallet on phones that supported Isis, but Google found a way to circumvent this in its latest version of Android. In addition, the Merchant Customer Exchange, which includes Target, Walmart, and Sears, is developing its own mobile payment option that supports barcode scanners.
But perhaps the biggest blow to NFC has been Apple's refusal to adopt it on the iPhone. Retailers are unlikely to put their muscle behind a payment option that the most popular phone in the United States does not support. While Android may have higher marketshare than iOS, iPhone users are typically wealthier and more willing to spend money.
In addition, Apple has been hinting for a while that it may have a mobile payments solution of its own. With iOS 6, Apple launched Passbook, an application to collect gift cards, tickets, and other passes. And with iOS 7, Apple added AirDrop, which allows users to transfer various types of data between iOS devices. Apple has also supported Bluetooth LE since the iPhone 4S, and with iOS 7, it introduced iBeacon, a system for interacting with nearby iOS devices. iBeacon has already received a surprising amount of support from large retailers, including in Apple's own stores. While none of these are a mobile payments solution on their own, they certainly point to a potential iWallet down the road.
Once again, here's another Twitter beef involving Azealia Banks.
Earlier today, one of Erykah Badu's followers asked them a pretty simple question: "Does @fatbellybella listen to Azealia Banks? Always wanted to know.” They replied, “Tried.”
The Harlem rapper didn't like the remark and accused them of being jealous. Badu responded back with: "Well shit I did try. Maybe you're right...I'm just too old to get it. You cool tho?"
From there, Banks felt that the music legend was throwing shade at younger talent. Them mini-rant continued with people are always watching her, "and that's what's most important."
When artists grow old and begin to recognize their own mortality they throw shade at younger spirits — AZEALIA BANKS (@AZEALIABANKS) February 14, 2015
We see it happen ALL the time. — AZEALIA BANKS (@AZEALIABANKS) February 14, 2015
Whether or not you like me... You are WATCHING, and that's what's most important. — AZEALIA BANKS (@AZEALIABANKS) February 14, 2015
@fatbellybella I'm cool, I was just trying to make sure you were cool.... ✌️ — AZEALIA BANKS (@AZEALIABANKS) February 14, 2015
All you folks on black Twitter can go downstairs and get yourselves a cold pop now! ✌️😇 — AZEALIA BANKS (@AZEALIABANKS) February 14, 2015
@fatbellybella @bhrisbrown lol you just keep rocking ur head wraps and buying ur musky oils off the table on 125th. — AZEALIA BANKS (@AZEALIABANKS) February 15, 2015
Well, at least Badu gets Rihanna's music.
UPDATE: After Erykah Badu turned their location on, they playfully gave directions to Azealia Banks that insinuated they take care of their spat face-to-face. They wished each other happy Valentine's Day, though, which we could assume that they were joking about this whole thing. But this morning, Banks tweeted some more words at Badu and demanded them address. Another Twitter beef to add to the list.
@AZEALIABANKS just playin.. happy love day. Be careful sis. — ErykahBadoula (@fatbellybella) February 15, 2015
@fatbellybella el oh el. Just kidding. Happy v day. Keep greasing that scalp mama. ✌️ — AZEALIA BANKS (@AZEALIABANKS) February 15, 2015
Lol that ol lady went out of their way throw shade at me, turned on their location... But when I asked for the address ... There was no answer 😳 — AZEALIA BANKS (@AZEALIABANKS) February 15, 2015
Lol I think it was very childish of them to try and insinuate that I should show up and fight her... Like.. How old are you? — AZEALIA BANKS (@AZEALIABANKS) February 15, 2015
Where's the address tho? LOL — AZEALIA BANKS (@AZEALIABANKS) February 15, 2015
The establishment is freaking out over the prospect Donald Trump could actually “drain the swamp.”
From The New York Times:
…here in the District of Columbia, where 91 percent of voters cast their ballots for Hillary Clinton, “full-scale panic” is setting in, said John Feehery, a Republican strategist and Trump enthusiast. Leslie Harris, a liberal Democratic lawyer, uses war imagery: “I feel like my city is about to be invaded.” Washington has always been a chameleon of a city, accustomed to remaking itself when the White House changes hands. But as Mr. Trump's inaugural draws near, in a nation so deeply divided that it seems the political middle has entirely disappeared, perhaps no place in America feels as unsteady and on edge as the capital, which Mr. Trump calls “the swamp.” With their 6 a.m. Twitter blasts and chaos-sowing style — and a roster of conservative Cabinet picks eager to do an about-face on President Obama's policies — Mr. Trump has upended the city's rhythms and jangled its nerves. The White House press corps is fighting to keep its work space in the West Wing. High-powered lobbyists worry their clients will turn up in their Twitter feed. Civil servants, many of them working class, say they know nothing about running a bureaucracy. “We don't know exactly what to expect from Trump, except that he's combative,” said Robert Dallek, a presidential biographer, who has lived here for 20 years. And furthermore, Mr. Dallek complained, “It's offensive to be called a swamp.”
If all goes as planned, we'll soon have a Republican President, House, Senate, Supreme Court and the majority of local legislatures.
While the establishment media and Republican and Democrat elite are doing everything in their power to undermine Trump, it's all failing miserably.
This is the dawn of a new age.
WSNeo Master Sergeant
[HUD]Can we please not let this change leave the test server without player feedback?
The map and minimap should now respect your empire color selections
Opening the map I see this:
Checking my settings, it looks like everything is correctly set, so I compare it with my settings on the live server:
Test:
Larger image
http://i.imgur.com/abSmUZl.jpg
Live:
Larger image
http://i.imgur.com/6qRr7tM.jpg
And to see what has changed color-wise here is a map on the live server.
Now for those of you that remember back in January before the change was forced on us, where the enemies in the color settings were as follows:
Minimap -
Objectives held by your empire showed up as green
If an enemy held an objective the below colors will display to inform you of who holds it:
TR = Red Indicators
NC = Blue Indicators
VS = Purple Indicators
All enemies showed up as red.
Squad/Platoon = Numbers with the color of their squad(Alpha/Bravo/Charlie/etc).
HUD (More specifically the names above enemies) -
Friendlies = Blue
Squad= Green
Platoon=Color of their squad(Alpha/Bravo/Charlie/etc).
Hostile Infantry/Vehicle/Turret = Red
So to give a brief example of what you would see on the minimap:
You're VS and attacking Mao Tech Plant that's being held by the TR from a concealed Sunderer. As you get there on foot you see on your minimap that one of the outer outpost are flipped to blue with red dots pouring out of the spawn room. At this point you know that you are no longer fighting only the TR, but you're now competing with the NC over this base.
As of the January patch that changed this to what we are currently using now. I still remember for a lot of people this caused confusion (to myself included), because we had to drastically change how we processed targets before we fired at them.
At this point, to get all three empire colors to show on the map you either have to set the dropdown to "Empire Colors" or "Ally vs Enemy".
Empire Colors is just what it sounds like, no matter what empire you are on, VS will be purple indicators, NC blue, TR red.
Ally vs Enemy means that all allies are blue, anyone not friendly is red, simple enough, right?
Custom is pretty self explanatory.
So the reasoning behind me laying all of this out is simply to ask that the devs do not implement the color change unless there is way to have this:
Red and blue IFF indicators
Larger image
http://i.imgur.com/UbMdYNB.jpg
With this:
All three Empire colors on the map
Otherwise honestly the best thing to do, is to give is nearly raw access to being able to edit what colors we want for each HUD element (objective, squad colors, vehicle color, ammo box vs ammo tower colors vs ammo sundy colors, etc) under the custom settings. Though while I'm not a programmer, I cannot understand how easy such a thing may be.
In conclusion, please hold off on the map/minimap colors until those can be done or at least get some feedback from the players before forcing yet another feature that is unwanted and, as far as I know, something that has not been asked for.
Thank you for reading and please provide any feedback criticism or point out any mistakes that I may have made. One of the patch notes on the test server are as follows:Not thinking much of it, I log on to the test server to check out the change to the Map UI.Opening the map I see this:Checking my settings, it looks like everything is correctly set, so I compare it with my settings on the live server:Test:Larger imageLive:Larger imageAnd to see what has changed color-wise here is a map on the live server.Now for those of you that remember back in January before the change was forced on us, where the enemies in the color settings were as follows:Minimap -Objectives held by your empire showed up as greenIf an enemy held an objective the below colors will display to inform you of who holds it:TR = Red IndicatorsNC = Blue IndicatorsVS = Purple IndicatorsAll enemies showed up as red.Squad/Platoon = Numbers with the color of their squad(Alpha/Bravo/Charlie/etc).HUD (More specifically the names above enemies) -Friendlies = BlueSquad= GreenPlatoon=Color of their squad(Alpha/Bravo/Charlie/etc).Hostile Infantry/Vehicle/Turret = RedSo to give a brief example of what you would see on the minimap:You're VS and attacking Mao Tech Plant that's being held by the TR from a concealed Sunderer. As you get there on foot you see on your minimap that one of the outer outpost are flipped to blue with red dots pouring out of the spawn room. At this point you know that you are no longer fighting only the TR, but you're now competing with the NC over this base.As of the January patch that changed this to what we are currently using now. I still remember for a lot of people this caused confusion (to myself included), because we had to drastically change how we processed targets before we fired at them.At this point, to get all three empire colors to show on the map you either have to set the dropdown to "Empire Colors" or "Ally vs Enemy".Empire Colors is just what it sounds like, no matter what empire you are on, VS will be purple indicators, NC blue, TR red.Ally vs Enemy means that all allies are blue, anyone not friendly is red, simple enough, right?Custom is pretty self explanatory.So the reasoning behind me laying all of this out is simply to ask that the devs do not implement the color change unless there is way to have this:Red and blue IFF indicatorsLarger imageWith this:All three Empire colors on the mapOtherwise honestly the best thing to do, is to give is nearly raw access to being able to edit what colors we want for each HUD element (objective, squad colors, vehicle color, ammo box vs ammo tower colors vs ammo sundy colors, etc) under the custom settings. Though while I'm not a programmer, I cannot understand how easy such a thing may be.In conclusion, please hold off on the map/minimap colors until those can be done or at least get some feedback from the players before forcing yet another feature that is unwanted and, as far as I know, something that has not been asked for.Thank you for reading and please provide any feedback criticism or point out any mistakes that I may have made.
__________________ Last edited by WSNeo; 2013-04-25 at 06:19 PM .
Many executives ask me what artificial intelligence can do. They want to know how it will disrupt their industry and how they can use it to reinvent their own companies. But lately the media has sometimes painted an unrealistic picture of the powers of AI. (Perhaps soon it will take over the world!) AI is already transforming web search, advertising, e-commerce, finance, logistics, media, and more. As the founding lead of the Google Brain team, former director of the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Laboratory, and now overall lead of Baidu's AI team of some 1,200 people, I've been privileged to nurture many of the world's leading AI groups and have built many AI products that are used by hundreds of millions of people. Having seen AI's impact, I can say: AI will transform many industries. But it's not magic. To understand the implications for your business, let's cut through the hype and see what AI really is doing today.
Surprisingly, despite AI's breadth of impact, the types of it being deployed are still extremely limited. Almost all of AI's recent progress is through one type, in which some input data (A) is used to quickly generate some simple response (B). For example:
Being able to input A and output B will transform many industries. The technical term for building this A→B software is supervised learning. A→B is far from the sentient robots that science fiction has promised us. Human intelligence also does much more than A→B. These A→B systems have been improving rapidly, and the best ones today are built with a technology called deep learning or deep neural networks, which were loosely inspired by the brain. But these systems still fall far short of science fiction. Many researchers are exploring other forms of AI, some of which have proved useful in limited contexts; there may well be a breakthrough that makes higher levels of intelligence possible, but there is still no clear path yet to this goal.
Today's supervised learning software has an Achilles' heel: It requires a huge amount of data. You need to show the system a lot of examples of both A and B. For instance, building a photo tagger requires anywhere from tens to hundreds of thousands of pictures (A) as well as labels or tags telling you if there are people in them (B). Building a speech recognition system requires tens of thousands of hours of audio (A) together with the transcripts (B).
So what can A→B do? Here's one rule of thumb that speaks to its disruptiveness:
If a typical person can do a mental task with less than one second of thought, we can probably automate it using AI either now or in the near future.
Insight Center The Automation Age Sponsored by KPMG How robotics and machine learning are changing business.
A lot of valuable work currently done by humans — examining security video to detect suspicious behaviors, deciding if a car is about to hit a pedestrian, finding and eliminating abusive online posts — can be done in less than one second. These tasks are ripe for automation. However, they often fit into a larger context or business process; figuring out these linkages to the rest of your business is also important.
AI work requires carefully choosing A and B and providing the necessary data to help the AI figure out the A→B relationship. Choosing A and B creatively has already revolutionized many industries. It is poised to revolutionize many more.
After understanding what AI can and can't do, the next step for executives is incorporating it into their strategies. That means understanding where value is created and what's hard to copy. The AI community is remarkably open, with most top researchers publishing and sharing ideas and even open-source code. In this world of open source, the scarce resources are therefore:
Data. Among leading AI teams, many can likely replicate others' software in, at most, 1–2 years. But it is exceedingly difficult to get access to someone else's data. Thus data, rather than software, is the defensible barrier for many businesses.
Among leading AI teams, many can likely replicate others' software in, at most, 1–2 years. But it is exceedingly difficult to get access to someone else's data. Thus data, rather than software, is the defensible barrier for many businesses. Talent. Simply downloading and “applying” open-source software to your data won't work. AI needs to be customized to your business context and data. This is why there is currently a war for the scarce AI talent that can do this work.
Much has been written about AI's potential to reflect both the best and the worst of humanity. For example, we have seen AI providing conversation and comfort to the lonely; we have also seen AI engaging in racial discrimination. Yet the biggest harm that AI is likely to do to individuals in the short term is job displacement, as the amount of work we can automate with AI is vastly bigger than before. As leaders, it is incumbent on all of us to make sure we are building a world in which every individual has an opportunity to thrive. Understanding what AI can do and how it fits into your strategy is the beginning, not the end, of that process.
[Mesa-dev] [PATCH 01/15] ac/surface/gfx6: explicitly support S8 surfaces
From: Nicolai Hähnle <nicolai.haehnle at amd.com> This is needed by radv for dEQP-VK.renderpass.simple.stencil --- src/amd/common/ac_surface.c | 75 ++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++--------------- 1 file changed, 50 insertions(+), 25 deletions(-) diff --git a/src/amd/common/ac_surface.c b/src/amd/common/ac_surface.c index d77b490..51e15d0 100644 --- a/src/amd/common/ac_surface.c +++ b/src/amd/common/ac_surface.c @@ -380,20 +380,45 @@ static unsigned cik_get_macro_tile_index(struct radeon_surf *surf) tileb = MIN2(surf->u.legacy.tile_split, tileb); for (index = 0; tileb > 64; index++) tileb >>= 1; assert(index < 16); return index; } /** + * Copy surface-global settings like pipe/bank config from level 0 surface + * computation. + */ +static void gfx6_surface_settings(const struct radeon_info* info, + ADDR_COMPUTE_SURFACE_INFO_OUTPUT* csio, + struct radeon_surf *surf) +{ + surf->surf_alignment = csio->baseAlign; + surf->u.legacy.pipe_config = csio->pTileInfo->pipeConfig - 1; + gfx6_set_micro_tile_mode(surf, info); + + /* For 2D modes only. */ + if (csio->tileMode >= ADDR_TM_2D_TILED_THIN1) { + surf->u.legacy.bankw = csio->pTileInfo->bankWidth; + surf->u.legacy.bankh = csio->pTileInfo->bankHeight; + surf->u.legacy.mtilea = csio->pTileInfo->macroAspectRatio; + surf->u.legacy.tile_split = csio->pTileInfo->tileSplitBytes; + surf->u.legacy.num_banks = csio->pTileInfo->banks; + surf->u.legacy.macro_tile_index = csio->macroModeIndex; + } else { + surf->u.legacy.macro_tile_index = 0; + } +} + +/** * Fill in the tiling information in \p surf based on the given surface config. * * The following fields of \p surf must be initialized by the caller: * blk_w, blk_h, bpe, flags. */ static int gfx6_compute_surface(ADDR_HANDLE addrlib, const struct radeon_info *info, const struct ac_surf_config *config, enum radeon_surf_mode mode, struct radeon_surf *surf) @@ -577,44 +602,36 @@ static int gfx6_compute_surface(ADDR_HANDLE addrlib, } surf->num_dcc_levels = 0; surf->surf_size = 0; surf->dcc_size = 0; surf->dcc_alignment = 1; surf->htile_size = 0; surf->htile_slice_size = 0; surf->htile_alignment = 1; + const bool only_stencil = (surf->flags & RADEON_SURF_SBUFFER) && + !(surf->flags & RADEON_SURF_ZBUFFER); + /* Calculate texture layout information. */ - for (level = 0; level < config->info.levels; level++) { - r = gfx6_compute_level(addrlib, config, surf, false, level, compressed, - &AddrSurfInfoIn, &AddrSurfInfoOut, - &AddrDccIn, &AddrDccOut, &AddrHtileIn, &AddrHtileOut); - if (r) - return r; + if (!only_stencil) { + for (level = 0; level < config->info.levels; level++) { + r = gfx6_compute_level(addrlib, config, surf, false, level, compressed, + &AddrSurfInfoIn, &AddrSurfInfoOut, + &AddrDccIn, &AddrDccOut, &AddrHtileIn, &AddrHtileOut); + if (r) + return r; - if (level == 0) { - surf->surf_alignment = AddrSurfInfoOut.baseAlign; - surf->u.legacy.pipe_config = AddrSurfInfoOut.pTileInfo->pipeConfig - 1; - gfx6_set_micro_tile_mode(surf, info); - - /* For 2D modes only. */ - if (AddrSurfInfoOut.tileMode >= ADDR_TM_2D_TILED_THIN1) { - surf->u.legacy.bankw = AddrSurfInfoOut.pTileInfo->bankWidth; - surf->u.legacy.bankh = AddrSurfInfoOut.pTileInfo->bankHeight; - surf->u.legacy.mtilea = AddrSurfInfoOut.pTileInfo->macroAspectRatio; - surf->u.legacy.tile_split = AddrSurfInfoOut.pTileInfo->tileSplitBytes; - surf->u.legacy.num_banks = AddrSurfInfoOut.pTileInfo->banks; - surf->u.legacy.macro_tile_index = AddrSurfInfoOut.macroModeIndex; - } else { - surf->u.legacy.macro_tile_index = 0; - } + if (level > 0) + continue; + + gfx6_surface_settings(info, &AddrSurfInfoOut, surf); } } /* Calculate texture layout information for stencil. */ if (surf->flags & RADEON_SURF_SBUFFER) { AddrSurfInfoIn.bpp = 8; AddrSurfInfoIn.flags.depth = 0; AddrSurfInfoIn.flags.stencil = 1; AddrSurfInfoIn.flags.tcCompatible = 0; /* This will be ignored if AddrSurfInfoIn.pTileInfo is NULL. */ @@ -622,25 +639,33 @@ static int gfx6_compute_surface(ADDR_HANDLE addrlib, for (level = 0; level < config->info.levels; level++) { r = gfx6_compute_level(addrlib, config, surf, true, level, compressed, &AddrSurfInfoIn, &AddrSurfInfoOut, &AddrDccIn, &AddrDccOut, NULL, NULL); if (r) return r; /* DB uses the depth pitch for both stencil and depth. */ - if (surf->u.legacy.stencil_level[level].nblk_x != - surf->u.legacy.level[level].nblk_x) - surf->u.legacy.stencil_adjusted = true; + if (!only_stencil) { + if (surf->u.legacy.stencil_level[level].nblk_x != + surf->u.legacy.level[level].nblk_x) + surf->u.legacy.stencil_adjusted = true; + } else { + surf->u.legacy.level[level].nblk_x = + surf->u.legacy.stencil_level[level].nblk_x; + } if (level == 0) { + if (only_stencil) + gfx6_surface_settings(info, &AddrSurfInfoOut, surf); + /* For 2D modes only. */ if (AddrSurfInfoOut.tileMode >= ADDR_TM_2D_TILED_THIN1) { surf->u.legacy.stencil_tile_split = AddrSurfInfoOut.pTileInfo->tileSplitBytes; } } } } /* Recalculate the whole DCC miptree size including disabled levels. -- 2.9.3
The Top Gear presenter's reported tirade against producer Oisin Tymon is a reminder that anti-Irish prejudice still runs deep
It has been a good week for the Irish in Britain. Or at least this Irishman in Britain. On Wednesday, in a pub in North London, I saw one of our (and the world's) the greatest living poets, Eavan Boland, give a brilliant interview to journalist JP O'Malley covering swathes of Irish identity, gender, art, and politics.
On Friday, I managed to come out of the Cheltenham Gold Cup 50p up , using my time-tested strategy of “bet on whatever Ruby Walsh is riding”. It's Saturday morning now, so I'm not going to jinx our rugby and cricket teams by suggesting this enjoyable run will continue. Meanwhile, Saint Patrick's Day celebrations will take place across Irish diaspora communities in Britain right up until the day itself on Tuesday. The sun is shining in my London Irish neighbourhood, where I can buy every Irish food I can imagine, read every Irish regional paper, and listen to live traditional music in welcoming pubs most nights of the week. I like being Irish in London.
But as always, the silver lining carries its cloud. According to the Daily Mirror this morning, the Jeremy Clarkson controversy at the BBC has escalated considerably. The paper reports that the BBC investigation into Clarkson's “fracas” with Top Gear producer Oisin Tymon will be told that: “[Clarkson] called Oisin a “lazy, Irish c***” before splitting their lip with a punch that left the 36-year-old with blood running down their face and needing treatment in A&E.”
If this account is true (Clarkson is said to deny it, it should be noted), then this is racially aggravated assault, no different than if Clarkson had abused a black, Asian or Jewish colleague.
This does not seem to deter the hundreds of thousands of Clarkson fans who will, presumably, condone racism as classic banter, just as they have condoned violence.
The queer thing about anti-Irish racism (and its partner, anti-Catholicism), is that a hell of a lot of British people are in denial about its existence (trust me, Irish people are not). It was, certainly, worse during the “Troubles”, but there is a mistaken belief that the Troubles was the sole reason for anti-Irish feeling.
In truth, of course, it is a hell of a lot more complicated than that. Ireland was one of the first colonies: justification for all colonisation, then as now, is partly found in the dehumanisation of the conquered. The Irish, with their distinct laws, customs and language, were not really fit to rule themselves (how often is that sentiment echoed today?); we were not diligent, we were not to be trusted: they were, as Mr Clarkson would have it, “lazy Irish cunts”.
Every so often, a well-meaning British liberal friend will either a) declare matily that “we're all the same” and what the hell was all that fighting about, eh? or b) inquire archly about whether, considering the decades of quasi-theocracy the Irish republic endured, and the apparent corruption of the political system, was the whole independence thing really worth it?
And every time, you remind them: yes. We were a colony. We were stripped of land, language, identity. We were routinely demonised and patronised.
Of course, there is complexity in this: over 800 years, things are bound to get complicated. People moved back and forth, some colonists became “more Irish than the Irish themselves”, some Irish people took enthusiastically to Britishness and the British empire. Many more joined the civil service, the police, the army out of simple economic necessity.
But the fight for freedom was worth it, because at least most people in Ireland now have some control of the country's future. No revolution was ever perfect: the idyllic republic has never been achieved. But at least we can make some attempt to achieve it on our terms.
And it needed to be on our terms because we were not, and never would be viewed as equals by the British establishment. Every Irish person in Britain knows the little nod, the little wink. More often now it is disguised as affection, or indulgence (“Oh, you funny people” is always implied). But the undertones are the same: feckless, violent, drunken. And occasionally, someone like Clarkson, who, as better writers than I have pointed out, is simultaneously at the very heart of the Establishment while feigning to rail against it, will let it all spill out, in full vitriol. And we're back with an image that easily resonates with Irish people: an English toff assaulting a “lazy” Irish lackey for not doing their bidding. What we hoped we'd be able to leave behind.
Still, Happy St Patrick's Day.
A heavy explosion that rocked the capital Beirut on Friday targeted the convoy of former Finance Minister Mohammed Shatah, who is ex-Prime Minister Saad Hariri's adviser.
Shatah's vehicle license was located in the area of the blast.
The body of Shatah was retrieved from the scene and transferred to AUBMC.
The blast that hit Starco area in downtown Beirut near Bank Audi-SAL killed six people and at least 50 others were wounded.
Around 400 meters of the area was damaged.
Caretaker PM Najib Miqati swiftly called for an emergency meeting for the Higher Council for Disasters.
“Hizbullah is pressing hard to be granted similar powers in security and foreign policy matters that Syria exercised in Lebanon for 15 years,” Shatah wrote in a tweet a few hours before their assassination.
Shatah had served as adviser to former PM Fouad Saniora and their successor and Saad Hariri, whose own father was assassinated in a huge Beirut seafront car bomb in February 2005 blamed on Syria.
A meeting for the March 14 alliance was scheduled to be held at the Center House in downtown.
State Commissioner to the Military Court Judge Saqr Saqr arrived at the scene to inspect the site of explosion.
Saqr said that the explosion weighed between 50 and 60 kilos.
Higher Defense Council chief General Mohammed Kheir also inspected the area at the head of a delegation to determine the needs of the victims and take the necessary measures to aid them.
Early estimates said around 30 kilograms of highly combustible elements were used in the explosives.
Red Cross Operations Director George Kettaneh told LBCI that “there are more than 15 casualties.”
Caretaker Health Minister Ali Hassan Khalil later ordered all hospitals in Beirut to receive those who were wounded in the explosion.
Television channels showed pictures of thick smoke near the Serail, where Lebanon's prime minister has their offices, and a major commercial district home to shops, banks, restaurants.
People were seen running to rescue the injured as a helicopter was seen hovering over the area of the blast.
Footage broadcast by Future TV showed people on fire, others lying on the ground, some bloodied, as well as fires blazing at several other points while ambulances rushed to the stricken area.
Civil defense teams battled fire that erupted in the area of the explosion.
The blast, according to media reports, was caused by a booby-trapped car.
According to MTV the suicide attacker's name was identified by Ahmed.
Security forces were seen opening fire in the air to disperse people gathered near the blast and began checking the identification papers of passers-by in the area.
The blast caused a major dysfunction in mobile phone communications.
Beirut has been hit by several deadly attacks over the past months, including twin suicide bombings in November that targeted the Iranian embassy and bombings in the bastion of Hizbullah in the south of the capital over the summer.
The 33-month war in Syria has deeply divided the Lebanese and triggered political tensions and sectarian clashes in the country.
' Hollywoodland ' sign | Photo: LAPL
Whether you grew up in the megalopolis of Los Angeles or you are a new resident, you've probably noticed landmarks, heard expressions, or seen something peculiar in this dynamic landscape that spiked your curiosity.
Well, look no further! Below are answers to some of your burning questions. Click on the links below for the full story.
1) Why did the Hollywood sign use to say "Hollywoodland"?
2) Why is a part of Wilshire Blvd. called the "Miracle Mile"?
3) Why is the L.A. River channelized?
4) Why do Southern Californians say 'the' before freeway numbers?
5) What did L.A. look like before concrete?
6) What are those cast metal bells along the 101?
7) Why is L.A. filled with palm trees?
8) Why is L.A. so spread out?
9) Why is there a freeway bridge out of nowhere at First and Beverly?
10) Who planted all those eucalyptus trees in SoCal?
11) Why are those California state highway markers shaped like a spade?
12) Why were there canals in Venice?
13) What flattened the top of Mt. Lee (of Hollywood Sign fame)?
14) What is the story behind those tunnels in Elysian Park that the 110 runs through?
15) Why does L.A. have clashing street grids?
16) Why is there an annual parade featuring floats covered in roses?
17) What is Christmas Tree Lane?
18) Why is the L.A. skyline so bland?
19) Why are those warm, fall winds called the "Santa Anas"?
Have any other burning questions about why some things in L.A. are the way they are? Leave a question in the comments!
Following a string of embarrassing revelations of the US spying in friendly heads of state, President Barack Obama ordered intelligence agencies to end the practice - except for when it came to Israel.
A former high-level US intelligence officer - who was codenamed ‘Robert' and was privy to most of the United States' intelligence information on Israel over the past three decades - made the revelation in an interview with Yediot Aharonot. They said Obama's order to spy agencies to stop spying against friendly heads of state came in conjunction with a secondary order to continue spying on Netanyahu. "We all understood what that meant," they say.
Following a recent report in the Wall street Journal, which published an investigative report about the United States' spying efforts against their ally in the Middle East, ‘Robert' felt the were finally able to reveal to the Israeli press just how far the US went in spying on the only democracy in the Middle East.
"Throughout the years we've been wondering about what we perceived to be a kind of Israeli naiveté, or a certain kind of complacency, when discussing highly classified secrets on encrypted communication systems," Robert says. "After all, the ISNU (Israeli Sigint National Unit, the nickname given to IDF Intelligence Unit 8200 by the American intelligence community - ed) managed to break so many measures considered safe by your enemies, that you should know that anything that could be decrypted. You're a lot more vulnerable and transparent than you think."
Robert told Yediot Ahronot that the US had been spying on Israel since the first Lebanon war in 1982, during which Defense Minister Ariel Sharon had altercations with the Reagan Administration. Since that time, the abilities of the US to spy on Israel grew increasingly versatile during Operation Desert Storm, and continually so with the advancement of new technologies. After September 11th, when Ariel Sharon put a lot of the Israeli spying technologies and organizations at the disposal of the US, the US used the opportunity to learn how Israel's systems worked, and encroached even further to embed themselves inside the network of Israeli communication systems even at the highest level.
Many of the highly advanced spy technologies according to Robert, had been turned towards Israel, and while Israel was able to effectively combat some of them, the US still knew quite a bit about even some of the most covert operations that Israel has been undertaking in the past.
The US, for example, knew about the Syrian nuclear reactor being built in Deir ez-Zor, which Israel destroyed in 2007.
The US also knew about The assassination of Syrian general Muhammad Suleiman in Tartus in August 2008.
According to the Wall Street Journal report, most of the recent spying that the U.S. has perpetrated against Israel has been aimed at Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu and their top aides.
Robert also said that they wanted to warn against the disastrous consequences of the strained relationship between the leaders of the two nations. "In the United States, the mindset coming from the Commander in Chief projects onto the soldiers, down to the most junior among them. Obama despises Netanyahu, and that affects the entire system."
Oover the past few years Netanyahu has been repeatedly telling their aides that the US is making great efforts to spy on him. Robert says Netanyahu's suspicions were justified. “The Americans are making huge efforts to spy on them lot more than against any other Israeli leader ever."
"This is an extreme situation, difficult, unprecedented in the relationship between the two countries, the kind of which I can't remember since I was a young intelligence agent during the (June 1982) Israeli invasion of Lebanon and the heightened hostility between the defense minister at the time, Ariel Sharon, and the Reagan administration. However, if you measure the amount of intelligence measures the United States is using against Israel, then the situation today is much graver."
Robert says the problem is of a fundamental nature: "The order to use this kind of spying power against Israel, even after Snowden's leaks and the knowledge that continuing this kind of activity includes a significant political risk, illustrates just how the White House regards the Israeli government. This is not how you treat friends. This is how you spy against enemies."
Lessons learned from working with React Native
Richard Gill Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 4, 2016
At ZDEV, we've been working with React Native for about 18 months and built three apps. We wanted to share some tips we learned along the way.
First let me start by saying we love React Native, we've written a blog post about why we think it's a game changer for app development.
Improve layout consistency across different device sizes
Your mobile app will need to run on different sized devices, 5s to 6plus size and a host of different sizes on Android. You'll notice when you build a screen that looks fantastic on an iPhone 6, it'll look weird on the 6 plus.
We wrote a function which takes a style object and scales certain style properties up or down. Everything is relative to an iPhone 6 (iPhone 6 will never be scaled up or down). We experimented with which style properties should be scaled. In the general case it performs pretty well and if you build it for iPhone 6 it will look good on all other devices. You can check it out here.
Centralizing this code is important. We've seen projects with scaling hacks all over the code base, it makes sense to have a single strategy of how to do the scaling and then adjust it as you go.
Turn off packager caching
The packager supports caching which speeds up the first transform when you restart the packager. Caching is on by default, however, we grew to not trust for this functionality when things broke. In the end we turned it off, things are slower when you start it up, but the same speed after that.
It's well worth it once you've wasted half an hour chasing your tail because you didn't reset the cache properly.
//In your package.json scripts section
"start": "node node_modules/react-native/local-cli/cli.js start --reset-cache"
The Navigator
The navigator component is one of the trickiest parts of building your average app with React Native. Over time we've refined a component which wraps Navigator that I think would work well for most apps.
Managing Routes
Components will often mention other components via routes. e.g. Component1 should prop.navigator.push to Component2 . You can get into weird situations with cyclical dependencies.
For our project we have a single routes.js where all the components are lazily loaded. Our navigator component supports passing props and changing the transition animation.
The overhead of updating React Native versions
The team behind React Native release it at a frightening pace - every two weeks with massive list of features. This is fantastic! But it means after 3 months of development you're 6 versions behind.
How to upgrade
Upgrading can be tricky, it depends on the particular release and luck. The strategy which has worked best for me is to upgrade one version at a time e.g. 0.39 -> 0.40
Update the React Native dependency's version in package.json
npm install
Run react-native upgrade
Choose diff and manually integrate changes they've made
You can then restart your packager and test your app on Android and iOS. It'll either work (the last 5 or 6 versions have been smooth for me), or break horribly.
If it breaks, upgrading just one version means you'll have a narrower set of changes to consider when hunting down the fix.
Wrap the React Native components with your own
We use components a lot, often to wrap React Native's components. Always want Text to have your font? Create a Text component where you pass all the props straight through but make a couple of modifications.
This is a core strength of React that you'll want to use.
Split your Native code from your Javascript
If you're deploying your Javascript using CodePush, having one code base for the Objective-C and Java code and a separate one for just your javascript this makes it easy to use git to check you don't need to rerelease to the AppStore when you plan to release using CodePush.
Split your code into npm modules and use npm link
Splitting your code into separate modules is a good idea. One of the big advantages of React Native is you can create npm modules which can be shared between your app and your website.
We use Redux with our projects, we update Redux files regularly and your dev flow will suffer unless changes are visible in your app as you're debugging. Normally you would use npm link - Unfortunately this doesn't really work.
Our solution was to use rsync to manually copy the files into npm_modules which is pretty hacky but has worked very well.
React Native isn't quite mature
It's still a relatively new project, and the complexity it's taking away from you is really quite amazing. There are bugs - Some of them have cost us significant time on projects.
The community and developers are excellent and bugs are getting fixed all the time.
I think in about a year a lot of React Native's maturity issues will be behind it.
No SVG support
You can't really require SVGs in a practical way (some third party libraries have tried). I had to write some scripts to convert my SVGs to .png s. I'm sure they'll get to it.
Android
Developing with Android is not as polished as iOS. Things have improved drastically since I first used React Native with Android.
Layout isn't consistent
So you've written your shiny new component and made it pixel perfect on iOS. You double-check it on Android and it looks different. This happens to me pretty regularly, it seems to happen more often when a Text component is involved. I then end up with ternaries in my styles to fix it.
The inspector doesn't work properly
On iOS it works perfectly. On Android clicking on an element often won't select it. So you're forced to solve your layout problems blind.
Debugging doesn't really work
It sort of does, but your app will run so slow it's unproductive to the point where it's not worth it.
Performance issues
Minor performance issues on iOS made the app unusable on Android. The biggest one was logging to the console. Turning this off made my app much faster.
console.log = () => {} // Don't log anything!
We hope some of these tips will be useful. We certainly wish we'd known them when we got started. As always I'm contactable at richard@z-dev.io or in the comments :)
It's Spreading… US Embassy in Algiers and Tunisia Warn of Islamist Protests
US embassies in Cairo and Benghazi were attacked on 9-11.
Now the embassies in Algiers and Tunis are threatened.
A protester reacts as the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi is seen in flames during a protest by an armed group said to have been protesting a film being produced in the United States September 11, 2012. An American staff member of the U.S. consulate in the eastern Libyan city of Benghazi has died following fierce clashes at the compound, Libyan security sources said on Wednesday. Armed gunmen attacked the compound on Tuesday evening, clashing with Libyan security forces before the latter withdrew as they came under heavy fire. (REUTERS/Esam Al-Fetori)
The US Embassy in Algiers warned of Islamist protests at the embassy today.
The AP reported:
The U.S. Embassy in Algiers is warning Americans in the country to avoid non-essential travel amid calls for protests after an attack on a U.S. consulate in Libya. The embassy said in an emergency message to U.S. citizens that unspecified groups are using online social networks to organize demonstrations in front of the embassy Wednesday “to protest a range of issues.” It warns Americans to avoid large gatherings and non-essential travel in and around the embassy and other official buildings.
The US Embassy in Tunisia, formerly the most moderate Muslim nation, also warned of protests today.
The Washington Post reported:
The American embassies in Algeria and Tunisia warned of more protests Wednesday, following attacks by protesters in neighboring Libya in which the U.S. ambassador and three embassy staff were killed. Ambassador Chris Stevens and the three other Americans died in an attack on the U.S. consulate in Benghazi by armed protesters angry over a film by a California filmmaker that ridiculed Islam's Prophet Muhammad. In an emergency message, the embassy in Tunis warned Americans to avoid crowded places, saying that even gatherings “intended to be peaceful can turn confrontational and possibly escalate into violence.” The embassy in Algiers had similar advice.
Above: The surface parking lot at Chicago Ave and 3rd Street (Glen Stubbe) Above: The surface parking lot at Chicago Ave and 3rd Street (Glen Stubbe)
The Minnesota Vikings see a branding problem with the street next to the new $1.1 billion downtown football stadium -- and they intend to fix it.
The street is Chicago Avenue, named in the 19th century after what is still one of the nation's largest cities. It also happens to be the home of the Chicago Bears, a football team.
"The Minnesota Vikings strongly object to having the street running in front of the stadium named after one of its opponents and neighboring rival," the Vikings said in a formal request to rename a segment of the street Vikings Way -- released yesterday.
The name change, first reported by the Star Tribune's Kristen Painter last month, will go before the city Planning Commission on March 14.
The street segment in front of the stadium technically has two names: Kirby Puckett Place and Chicago Avenue. The former is a commemorative name, remescient of the Twins' Metrodome days. The Vikings would like to change them both to Vikings Way.
The team noted in its application that the city renamed a portion of 3rd Avenue North "Twins Way" when Target Field opened in 2010.
Staffers recommended approving the change. They found it met the city's rules regarding street renaming, which include streets being generally “named after people, places, events and things related to the City and citizens of Minneapolis.”
“The Minnesota Vikings are a long term, iconic business and will be located at the new stadium location,” the team said in its application. “The Minnesota Vikings played for 32 years at the Metrodome and the new stadium is being built to last for several generations.”
Eric Roper • 612-673-1732
According to the report, this decline is primarily due to government's effort in providing new employment opportunities in the rural areas. (PTI)
After the very optimistic GDP numbers released on February 28, there is another good news that unemployment rates have fallen as Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MGNREGA) has perked up rural infrastructure. The report by the Economic Research Department of State Bank of India points out that contrary to market perception, India's unemployment rate declined sharply and consistently from 9.5% in Aug'16 to 4.8% in Feb'17. The states that witnessed major decline in unemployment include Uttar Pradesh (17.1% to 2.9%), Madhya Pradesh (10.0% to 2.7%), Jharkhand (9.5% to 3.1%), Odisha (10.2% to 2.9%) and Bihar (13.0% to 3.7%).
According to the report, this decline is primarily due to government's effort in providing new employment opportunities in the rural areas. This decline is also explained by household allocated work under MGNREGA, which increased from 83 lakh households in Oct'16 to 167 lakh households in Feb'17. Hence, on the one hand, the unemployment rate has almost halved, on the other hand, the demand for work has almost doubled. Further, the report points out that the number of work completed under the scheme has also increased by a whopping 40% to 50.5 lakh in fy 17 compared to 36.0 lakh in fy 16.
You may also like to watch this
The most creditworthy increase was seen in Anganwadi work at 166%, drought proofing 158%, rural drinking water at 698% and water conservation and harvesting at 142%. This is a welcome trend and will contribute greatly for developing rural infrastructure as a sine qua non for sustained agriculture growth.
In Union Budget speech, MGNREGA scheme has been allocated a budgetary resource of Rs 48,000 crore. During fy 18, another 5 lakh farm ponds will be taken up, compared to expected 10 lakh farm ponds during fy 17. This single measure will contribute greatly to drought proofing of gram panchayats.
The report that was released on Friday has been authored by Dr. Soumya Kanti Ghosh, Chief Economic Adviser, Economic Research Department, SBI.
Written by Adrian Holovaty on April 28, 2012
We finally moved Django to GitHub late yesterday. Here's a postmortem, to keep the community updated and for the benefit of any projects that take this leap in the future.
Background
We've used Subversion to manage our code since originally open-sourcing in July 2005. Over the last few years, we started to feel Subversion's limitations, namely:
The difficulty of branching. We used tools like svnmerge to keep track of which parts of branches had been updated from trunk, and some of us on the core team used Git/Mercurial on top of Subversion, but this was all unnecessarily complicated -- to the point of being stifling.
Lack of decentralization. When I would hack on Django on an airplane, for example, I couldn't make a bunch of commits locally, then push all of those to the master repository; I'd have to put everything in a single commit. With Subversion, it's all or nothing -- you push everything to a centralized server as you do it (or you use a branch, but that's painful, as noted above).
Slowness. After you use Git for a while, Subversion feels sluggish. This is due to a bunch of design and implementation differences.
(Of course, it's 2012 now, and these are all obvious, well-documented points. To the people who responded to our GitHub news by saying "finally!" -- I totally agree.)
Aside from that, we had set up a GitHub mirror (now called django-old) a few years ago, and lots of people were getting code and forking it there anyway.
Why Git/GitHub, as opposed to Mercurial/Bitbucket or some other system? Because it's very well-made, and it's where the people are. Clearly GitHub has won the majority of open-source developers' mindshare. John Lennon said: "If I'd lived in Roman times, I'd have lived in Rome. Where else?" GitHub is Rome.
The authors file
The first thing we considered was to simply start using our existing GitHub mirror -- turn off the Subversion stuff and start committing there directly. But the problem there was that we'd never set up an authors file.
Basically, an authors file maps Subversion committer names to standard names and email addresses, so that GitHub knows that a commit by "adrian" in Subversion maps to the adrianholovaty GitHub account. With that mapping established, you get niceties like GitHub commits linking to appropriate GitHub user pages and displaying proper user avatar images. More importantly, it gives all of our contributors proper credit within the GitHub ecosystem for the full history of their work on Django -- which has value these days, considering companies are looking at GitHub involvement for job applicants, etc.
So the first step was creating that authors file, which Brian Rosner organized, with the help of several other people. We ended up accounting for every one of the 58 people who have ever committed to Django, except for somebody named "cell" who was given temporary commit access during a sprint six years ago.
One crucial detail is that we couldn't simply change the commit data retroactively in the existing GitHub repository. That's because Git uses the committer data in creating hashes. Changing the commit data would change the hashes, which would break all existing forks of that repository. (We ended up breaking existing forks anyway, of course, but it was cleaner to do it from scratch.)
Nuts and bolts of the process
Once we finalized the authors file, doing the migration was actually kind of easy, thanks to git-svn. I took many missteps along the way, got a lot of help from people in #django-dev on IRC and ended up doing three dry runs. Here are the final steps I ended up taking:
1. Copied the Subversion repository from code.djangoproject.com to my laptop, to make the migration faster.
# On the server: svnadmin dump /home/svn/django | gzip > svndump.gz # On my laptop: scp djangoproject.com:svndump.gz . gunzip svndump.gz svnadmin create /Users/adrian/code/django-svn svnadmin load /Users/adrian/code/django-svn < svndump
On my first run of git-svn , I ran it from my laptop and pointed it at code.djangoproject.com, and it took 3.5 hours! After I copied the repo to my laptop and tried it again, it took a little over an hour. But the caveat here is that I also changed the git-svn command between those two runs, so I'm not sure how much of the speed improvement was because of the local SVN repo.
2. Ran git-svn (with the correct arguments!).
git svn --authors-file=authors.txt --trunk=trunk clone file:///Users/adrian/code/django-svn/django/ django-dry-run
This took a little over an hour, and it created a Git repository called django-dry-run . Note that authors.txt is the authors file, as explained above.
The trickiest thing about this was determining the correct arguments to use -- specifically, whether to use --branches explicitly or --stdlayout . As you can see, I ended up using neither.
Originally, the plan was to migrate all of the branches from our Subversion history -- classics such as magic-removal, new-admin, newforms-admin, unicode, queryset-refactor and multidb -- so that the branches' commit histories (which have all since been merged to trunk) could be preserved in our new Git history. Many of those branches were very involved, with a lot of commits, and there's a lot of value in being able to isolate specific commits in the branch, rather than one large merge commit. (Imagine you're investigating the original reason we added a line of code, for example.)
But as we discussed this over IRC, we decided it wasn't worth the effort, we could always do it later and git-svn wouldn't actually do it the way we wanted. Ideally, I'd like these branches' histories to be migrated such that they're treated like merged branches in Git -- a merge commit that knows the individual commits on the branch. If you know how to pull this off, and it can be done without altering the Git hashes, please let me know.
3. Changed git-svn-id to point at code.djangoproject.com instead of my laptop.
git filter-branch --msg-filter "sed \"s|^git-svn-id: file:///Users/adrian/code/django-svn/django/trunk|git-svn-id: http://code.djangoproject.com/svn/django/trunk|g\"" -- master
git-svn adds a "git-svn-id" section to each commit message in the resulting Git repository. It includes a URL pointing to the commit in the original Subversion repository, which is very useful.
But, because I did the import from a local repository, the git-svn-id's were all pointing at my laptop. So I ran git filter-branch to clean it up.
4. Renamed old GitHub django repository to django-old.
(Done via the GitHub Web site.) This was the scary part, because it meant there was no turning back. :-)
Originally we'd talked about deleting the repository outright, but that would have deleted all pull requests and likely would have broken some other things. So I just renamed it to django-old. Not sure how long we'll keep this around.
4. Imported the new repository into GitHub.
git remote add origin git@github.com:django/django.git git push -u origin master
I spotted an error in the repository after the first time I did it, so I had to delete it -- which I thought made for a rare and amusing screenshot:
Then I cleaned up the repository and did it again. I mistakenly created it as a private repository, so I marked it as public, which led GitHub to believe I had just open-sourced Django. :-)
And that's it!
Stats
For posterity:
Final number of commits in our Subversion repository: 17,942.
Size of Subversion repository: 339 MB gzipped. (That's for the dump file as generated by svnadmin dump .)
.) Number of commits created in Git by git-svn: 11,883. (This is less than 17,942 because we only migrated trunk. Any commit to our repository that didn't touch Django trunk -- such as commits to the django_website project or commits to branches -- did not get migrated.)
Number of forks of the old (mirror) GitHub repository, as of this writing: 783.
Going forward
The old Subversion repository will remain indefinitely, for the benefit of scripts out there that do automatic updates, and general stability of the Django world. There won't be any more commits there, obviously.
If we ever need to dive into the history of one of the big merged branches -- such as magic-removal -- we can do so in the Subversion history. Or we can consider copying the branch history into Git somehow (see above).
I'd like us to provide some documentation on how to convert your previous Django fork (from the django-old repository) to track the new repository. Any volunteers?
We still have a bunch of work to do fixing places in our documentation and code.djangoproject.com that refer to Subversion. Bear with us.
Filing bugs / pull requests / the ticket system
GitHub's ticket system is a bit too simple for our needs, given the Django triage process, so we're sticking with our Trac installation, at least for the time being.
But, of course, we want to take advantage of GitHub pull requests at the same time. So we'll need to figure out the right balance between pull requests and Trac tickets, such that we maintain our sanity, we don't make people jump through hoops, and we optimize for contributor and committer productivity.
Personally, I want to avoid a situation (and culture) where we force contributors to use Trac if they post pull requests, especially ones that contain trivial changes. But at the same time, it'll likely become a maintenance nightmare if we have lots of tickets in two places, with no coordination. So, this is an open issue we'll be working to figure out. Jacob has been working on a technological solution.
Thanks to all the people who helped with this transition, and I look forward to the much happier development and collaboration experiences we get with GitHub. The commits and pull requests I've already handled have been a pleasure.
21 July 2016
Ammyy Admin is an analog of TeamViewer solution, which allows remote administration of clients' PCs. It is used mostly in Russia by corporate and home users.
Researchers from Kaspersky Lab discovered new distribution technique of banking trojan Lurk. According to report, hackers were able to compromise website of Russian Ammyy Admin remote administration tool and deliver malware along with legit application to victims' computers.
Ammyy Admin is delivered as NSIS archive, which contains two binaries inside:
aa_v3.exe – legit digitally signed installer of Ammyy Admin
ammyysvc.exe – trojan, detected by Kaspersky Lab as Trojan-Spy.Win32.Lurk.
This is the second time when Ammyy Admin website gets hacked and distributes malware. The previous incident occurred in November, 2015. Hackers were able to compromise the website and slightly change PHP code, responsible for Ammyy Admin delivery. As a result, the victim downloaded legit application along with malware dropper.
At the moment of this writing, the downloaded binary AA_v3.exe is digitally signed and does not seem to contain malicious code.
Radical plans to raise the age of care and rebuild Child, Youth and Family from the ground up, have been welcomed as "visionary", by the national children's watchdog.
The Government has revealed its plan to overhaul the embattled state carer, releasing the final review of a high-powered panel, appointed by Social Development Minister Anne Tolley.
The law will be changed to allow vulnerable children to remain in care until they are at least 18, with the option to remain fully in care until they are 21.
CAMERON BURNELL / FAIRFAX NZ Children's Commissioner Dr Russell Wills has described the changes laid out by a high-powered panel to overhaul CYF, as "visionary".
CYF children will also be able to choose whether they keep support services until they are 25. Currently they lose all support they day they turn 17.
READ MORE:
* Q+A: What does the CYF overhaul mean for vulnerable Kiwi children?
* 'Horrifying' outcomes for CYF kids warrant a 'whole new model' - Tolley
* Faces of Innocents - a Stuff special project
* Faces of Innocents: Too many children are dying, are we about to break another promise?* 'Don't make us survivors of our own childhood'
* Former state care kids included in CYF review
* Social workers fuming over CYF overhaul snub
* CYF in line for major overhaul*Children in state care are being abused and CYF is failing them - report
Tolley said Cabinet would investigate whether to increase the Youth Justice age from 17 to 18, to match.
CYF itself would undergo a complete revamp. There would be just one point of entry for a child into the system, so CYF could track the entire path for that child from the beginning.
In response to criticisms CYF did not have children at its centre, the new model would have five core services: prevention, intensive intervention, care support (or support for foster families), youth justice and transition support.
The panel recommended splitting CYF out into its own ministry separate to the Ministry of Social Development, but Tolley said the Government had made no decisions around that yet.
The Government had confirmed however, that there would be more financial support and services for foster carers as well as a National Standards system, to measure the level of care they were providing.
Tolley acknowledged it had been a "constant battle" for some foster carers to fight for resources and support for their children, which was sometimes undermined by the parents from which the children had been removed.
That made it difficult to attract enough quality foster families, and was partly responsible for shocking levels of re-abuse of children placed back with people who had abused them already.
A recent study found 64 per cent of the 61,000 children notified to CYF in 2014 had a previous notification.
Tolley convened a panel of young people who had been through state care, to advise on the inquiry. They had been "left in tears" in their office, when they described their experiences. A permanent panel would be appointed so children could be heard on future issues.
Children's Commissioner Russell Wills said the recommendations from the review were significant.
"The panel has given us a vision and challenge, and they've delivered on their promise," Wills said.
The age of care to provide support to 25-year-olds was recognition that that's how most families worked.
"That's the same as our kids. And there's never been a good reason for children in state care to get support that's different.
"In fact their needs for support are greater than other children's. It's only the right and proper thing to do."
The big risk around the plan was "implementation failure". Wills said the Government had to follow through on the recommendations at the budget.
The panel recommended $500 million of investment would be required in new initiatives, by the 2017 budget.
"These changes are radical, they are challenging and they will require some major investment and commitment. That commitment needs to extend to other agencies with a role to play in the lives of children and to the Cabinet table.
"I trust the Minister will receive full support from their Cabinet colleagues on such promising recommendations," Wills said.
Labour children's spokesperson Jacinda Ardern welcomed the raising of the age of care, but said it should have gone "hand in hand with raising the age of juvenile court jurisdiction".
"The devil, as always, will be in the detail and in whether the funding and resourcing goes to where it's most needed – early intervention. The last estimate of the cost of child abuse and neglect in New Zealand came in at $2 billion per annum. That is surely evidence of the need to invest early."
Green Party co-leader Metiria Turei said the changes looked "promising", but there was an immediate "funding crisis" within CYF.
"There are children who need the urgent support of CYF today, and they matter.
"There aren't enough social workers, they don't have enough time, the carers need support, and families are waiting."
THE MAIN CHANGES:
CYF itself, will be overhauled and built around five core services: prevention, intensive intervention, care support, youth justice and supported transitions in adulthood.
The age of care will rise from 17 to 18. CYF kids will have the option of remaining in full care until 21, and keep support to 25.
A new independent youth advocacy service to be set up, in partnership with certain independent charities and organisations.
Stronger partnerships with iwi to specifically target Maori children who make up 60 per cent of all kids in care.
Foster carers will be given more financial assistance, but it's not yet clear how much. They will also have greater access to support services, but will be monitored much more closely, with national standards applied.
Direct purchasing will mean CYF can arrange for specialist services for children, as soon as they're needed - similar to the ACC model.
WHAT IS THE CYF MODERNISATION PROJECT?
Tolley announced an overhaul of CYF in April last year, appointing a high-powered panel to lead to restructure.
Lead by senior public servant Paula Rebstock, the panel was given a wide-ranging brief to consider all aspects of CYF operations.
The panel also included Police Commissioner Mike Bush, chief science adviser to the Ministry of Social Development Richie Poulton, former Maori Party chief of staff Helen Leahy and Duncan Dunlop, chief executive of Who Cares? Scotland, an independent advocacy charity for young people.
It released its first high-level "interim report" into the systems used by the state carer in September, calling for a complete overhaul of the way CYF operates.
The final report released on Thursday laid out the technical recommendations and plan to make changes.
Vulnerable children in the care of the state will be looked after until their 18th birthday, with a right to remain in care until they turn 25.
Social Development Minister Anne Tolley has laid out a plan for a complete rebuild of Child, Youth and Family in front of a conference attended by about 80 child care sector representatives.
Among other major changes to the embattled state carer, is the establishment of a new "child-centred operating model".
A HISTORY OF FAILING OUR CHILDREN:
Since its inception, Child, Youth and Family has been under review "almost continuously" and has been restructured at least 14 times. But, despite the massive changes, it has remained "ineffective" when it comes to caring for our children.
Investigators on the scene of the Metro-North train crash in Valhalla, NY on Feb. 4, 2014. (credit: CBS2)
Federal investigators have released a preliminary report on the fiery collision between a Metro-North train and an SUV that killed six people.
A Harlem Line train crashed into a Mercedes SUV on Feb. 3 at a grade crossing in Valhalla, sparking an explosion and fire that burned out the first car of the train.
LINK: Read The Complete Preliminary Report (.pdf) | PHOTOS: Deadly Metro-North Accident
Ellen Brody, the SUV driver; Walter Liedtke, a curator of European paintings at the Metropolitan Museum of Art; Eric Vandercar, 53, a senior managing director at Mesirow Financial; Joseph Nadol, 42, a JPMorgan Chase & Co. executive; Aditya Tomar, 41, who worked in asset management at JPMorgan; and Robert Dirks, 36, a research scientist at D.E. Shaw Research in Manhattan, were killed. All six suffered blunt-force injuries and burns, a medical examiner said.
The National Transportation Safety Board investigators' preliminary report confirms many previously disclosed findings. One new disclosure is that the crash cost the railroad about $3.7 million in damage.
“The SUV was stopped on the railroad tracks in the highway-rail grade crossing and was positioned in an easterly direction when the railroad crossing gates moved to the closed position. Witnesses reported the driver of the SUV as being stopped in the crossing prior to the gates lowering,” investigators said. “When the gate lowered it struck the rear portion of the SUV after which the driver exited the SUV, looked at the back of the SUV, then got back in the SUV, drove forward (east), and was struck by the train.”
32 Pages Posted: 18 Feb 2015 Last revised: 1 Mar 2016
Date Written: February 18, 2015
Abstract
A statement or action can be said to be manipulative if it does not sufficiently engage or appeal to people's capacity for reflective and deliberative choice. One problem with manipulation, thus understood, is that it fails to respect people's autonomy and is an affront to their dignity. Another problem is that if they are products of manipulation, people's choices might fail to promote their own welfare, and might instead promote the welfare of the manipulator. To that extent, the central objection to manipulation is rooted in a version of Mill's Harm Principle: People know what is in their best interests and should have a (manipulation-free) opportunity to make that decision. On welfarist grounds, the norm against manipulation can be seen as a kind of heuristic, one that generally works well, but that can also lead to serious errors, at least when the manipulator is both informed and genuinely interested in the welfare of the chooser.
For the legal system, a pervasive puzzle is why manipulation is rarely policed. The simplest answer is that manipulation has so many shades, and in a social order that values free markets and is committed to freedom of expression, it is exceptionally difficult to regulate manipulation as such. But as the manipulator's motives become more self-interested or venal, and as efforts to bypass people's deliberative capacities becomes more successful, the ethical objections to manipulation become very forceful, and the argument for a legal response is fortified. The analysis of manipulation bears on emerging first amendment issues raised by compelled speech, especially in the context of graphic health warnings. Importantly, it can also help orient the regulation of financial products, where manipulation of consumer choices is an evident but rarely explicit concern.
After The Wrap published a blistering essay from Josh Whedon's ex-wife Kai Cole that exposed what they say were years of their cheating and feminist posturing, Joss Whedon's spokesperson issued a response. It was not a great response.
The Wrap updated its article with the addendum from Whedon's camp:
Editor's Note: A spokesperson for Joss Whedon provided the following response, “While this account includes inaccuracies and misrepresentations which can be harmful to their family, Joss is not commenting, out of concern for their children and out of respect for their ex-wife.”
This amounts to a quite public gaslighting of Cole's claims. If we take the simplest explanation of gaslighting as “a form of manipulation that seeks to sow seeds of doubt in a targeted individual or members of a group, hoping to make targets question their own memory, perception, and sanity. Using persistent denial, misdirection, contradiction, and lying, it attempts to destabilize the target and delegitimize the target's belief,” we can apply it directly to how this statement is constructed.
Asserting that Cole's account “includes inaccuracies and misrepresentations,” but not specifying them, the statement is suggesting that anything—or everything—presented in the essay could be untrue or misremembered. It seeks to put the entirety of Cole's essay on shaky ground. It might as well have said, “She isn't recalling it correctly. It didn't happen like that.”
Further, taking the time in such a brief, curt response to call out theoretical “inaccuracies and misrepresentations” as “harmful to their family” casts Cole into the role of a villain while at the same time trying to give Whedon the higher moral ground, by claiming that they “is not commenting, out of concern for their children and out of respect for their ex-wife.” That's bullshit, because the first part of the statement sure as hell constitutes a comment from Whedon.
Most certainly, Whedon was upset about Cole's essay. But the classy thing to do in this case—the true better road to take—would have been to simply have their spokesperson relay the statement's latter half. “Joss is not commenting, out of concern for their children and out of respect for their ex-wife.” Clear, clean, to the point, and it casts them into a more generous light. Hell, even “no comment” would have more than sufficed here. Whedon's silence on the matter would have been understandable. Far less so is this underhanded undermining of their ex-wife's essay, which forwards a long and dark tradition that women are not to be believed or be seen as reliable narrators of their own stories.
The attempt to attach doubt to Cole's claims—to their lived experience as they report it first-hand—is unhelpful to the conversation at best and deeply troubling at its heart. Whedon should be ashamed that this is now on record as their public reply. And if, somehow, that first sentence sprang fully formed from the mind of Whedon's spokesperson without their input, that person should be fired.
(via The Wrap, image: Shutterstock)
Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site!
—The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.—
Kyle Okposo is one of the few Sabres producing. ©2016, Dan Hickling, Olean Times Herald
BUFFALO – With a slew of established, high-priced forwards and two talented youngsters poised to break out following terrific rookie seasons, the days of the Sabres owning one of the NHL's worst offenses appeared to be over.
But 15 games into another tough season, the Sabres have scored only 29 goals, a paltry 1.93 a contest, the league's worst figure entering tonight's road tilt against the St. Louis Blues.
The Sabres have scored two or fewer goals in seven consecutive games. No wonder they have a four-game losing streak (0-2-2) and losses in five of the last six contests (1-3-2). They have only cracked the three-goal mark five times this season.
Right now, the Sabres are on pace for 159 goals over 82 games, just nine more than they had in 2013-14, when they scored the fewest goals in a full season ever.
The Sabres won 6-2 Oct. 16 in Edmonton, meaning 21 percent of their goals came in one game. That was the only time they scored more than three goals. They have a league-worst team shooting percentage of 6.73 percent and have scored only 20 even-strength goals, the second-worst total.
Want more? Incredibly, the Sabres don't have a single goal from a defenseman, not even Rasmus Ristolainen, who scored a hat trick in one period last season.
Sure, some of the anemic output can be blamed on injuries.
A high left ankle sprain has sidelined Jack Eichel all season. The dynamic young center scored 24 goals and 56 points as a rookie. A healthy Eichel likely would've contributed at least seven goals by now.
Evander Kane, a 20-goal scorer last season, cracked four ribs opening night, shelving them 11 games. The $6 million winger has performed terribly since they returned, taking some costly, ill-advised penalties. They haven't scored yet, either.
“We've had our bigger scorers out of the lineup,” Sabres coach Dan Bylsma said Monday following practice inside HarborCenter. “But through 15, the number is low, for sure.”
The Sabres' inability to earn power plays recently – believe it or not, they rank 11h overall in man-advantage scoring, operating at 20.5 percent – has hurt them. They have enjoyed only 13 power-play opportunities in the last eight games.
“We should be playing so that teams have to get penalties against us,” Bylsma said. “ … Given the lineup we have, we have to manufacture goals in a hard and difficult way.”
The Sabres, meanwhile, have taken a whopping 26 penalties in the last five games.
“We got to stay out of the box,” Sabres winger Kyle Okposo said. “That's something that needs to be addressed and needs to be executed.”
Sabres winger Matt Moulson said: “It's tough to get a rhythm for anyone going.”
Only a few Sabres have found a scoring rhythm. Moulson has scored a team-high six goals. Top center Ryan O'Reilly, who could miss their second straight game tonight, has four goals and nine points. Okposo has five goals and nine points.
Those three have combined for 52 percent of the team's goals.
Despite their strong start, Okposo, who signed a seven-year, $42 million contract July 1, isn't happy.
“I've only got one shot in the last two games,” they said. “I got to find a way to create more opportunities for myself and my linemates and teammates. I got to put that pressure on myself. … I definitely expect more out of myself.”
Okposo is one of the few players living up to expectations. Sam Reinhart, Eichel's main winger most of their 23-goal, 42-point rookie season in 2015-16, has struggled without their close friend, scoring just twice.
Of course, at least Reinhart is producing a little bit. Fifteen players haven't scored a goal yet. Marcus Foligno and captain Brian Gionta are the only other players who have hit the three-goal mark.
Given the injuries and team's low shooting percentage, things could eventually flip. The Sabres have played several games in which they generated enough offense to score four or five goals.
Many nights, however, they can't score more than one.
“We have the opportunity to get the second goal,” Bylsma said. “It'd be a big boost for our team, get the second goal in the Ottawa game (Wednesday, a 2-1 loss). I think it's what our team is looking for. It's what our team needs and not just to get into 0-0 game or get into a 1-1 game. We have to fight to get that second goal. We have the opportunities to do so. We just need to cash in on them.”
The Sabres have wasted some terrific goaltending from Robin Lehner and Anders Nilsson, whose 2.33 combined goals-against average is tied for fifth in the league.
Can Anyone Beat The All Blacks to Win The Rugby Championship 2013?
The All Blacks are the hot favourites to win the Rugby Championship in 2013. Can anyone beat them?
The All Blacks won the Rugby Championship in 2012 with an unbeaten campaign winning all six matches and so it is difficult to know if any of the other teams will be able to knock them off their top position. The All Blacks are hot favourites according to the bookies, while Argentina are paying $100 for every dollar invested at some bookies.
Here are the Rugby Championship 2013 team list squads
http://www.superrugbytips.com/p/rugby-championship-2013-squads.html
The crazy thing is that the All Blacks were far from convincing with some of their performances, but still did enough when it counted to win all six matches. Their away wins in South Africa and Argentina were probably the highlights, while keeping Australia to nil in a test was also satisfying. Are some of the All Blacks getting too old? One look at their squad suggests that some of the Rugby World Cup 2011 winners are getting on. They have had the luxury of introducing some quality young players in the loose forwards (Steven Luatua) and halfback (TJ Perenara), but other positions like midfield and hooker will rely predominantly on older, more experienced players. It will be interesting to see if this team can continue through until the Rugby World Cup 2015. I actually feel for Piri Weepu who has been left out, because they had a good Super Rugby 2013 campaign.
The Springboks are the second favourites. The main talking point is the inclusion of Fourie du Preez in the squad. The Springboks haven't been as strong in recent seasons, but are probably the most likely to threaten the All Blacks this season. Morne Steyn is so crucial for their chances and unfortunately while they are a great kicker, their attacking play can be somewhat limited. The rule interpretations have changed and other teams have figured out the Springboks somewhat.
I am also interested to see who plays Number Eight since Pierre Spies is out injured, lock without Andries Bekker and whether Adriaan Strauss or Bismarck du Plessis starts at hooker. The Springboks start against Argentina in Round 1 and will be looking for a promising start.
The Wallabies under new coach Ewen McKenzie will be blooding plenty of new players in The Rugby Championship 2013. McKenzie is stamping their authority on the Wallabies squad with Quade Cooper likely to be given some opportunities this season, but will it be in the Number 10 jersey? It will be interesting to see how they handle the hot seat against the All Blacks. There are eight new caps and 11 Brumbies in the squad of 30 named by coach McKenzie. McKenzie has an eye on the Rugby World Cup 2015 with the average age of the Wallabies squad being under 25 years old. Stephen Moore is the oldest player in the squad aged 30. Big Benn Robinson was the most notable omission from the Wallabies squad.
I think it will take Ewen McKenzie a while to get their team firing. I think that they need a consistently good first five eighth and in Quade Cooper they don't have that at this level. I think they could be better to blood Matt Toomua, Bernard Foley or Christian Lealifano in that position.
The Argentinian Pumas were a great addition to the Rugby Championship last season. They were very competitive especially at home where they secured a draw against the Springboks. They still seem to struggle against the All Blacks. You must remember that Argentina aren't used to playing so many test matches in a short space of time against the best teams in the world. I think it would be reasonable to expect Argentina to get one win this season as they get used to playing at this level.
To put things into perspective, Argentina has some players who are unattached and while this could be a great opportunity for them to gain a contract, it is hardly going to breath fear into the hearts of their opponents. Argentina was thrashed by England in a three match series earlier this year, but their squad only includes four players from that series. Juan Martin Hernandez and Felipe Contepomi bring experience and kicking ability to this team. Argentina does have some quality players like the hot stepping winger Lucas Gonzalez Amorosino, Number Eight Juan Fernandez Lobbe, lock Patricio Albacete along with a powerful front row. Last season their combinations and depth was tested. They bring a powerful pack and fast slippery backs.
The All Blacks should win the Rugby Championship 2013 with only the bravest punters likely to disagree. The Springboks should be difficult to beat at home, but are they too predictable? It will be interesting to see how Ewen McKenzie's Wallabies team goes especially if Quade Cooper is playing. The Pumas are rank outsiders, but it would be good to see them win a game!
Can anyone beat the All Blacks in the Rugby Championship 2013?
http://www.superrugbytips.com/2013/08/the-rugby-championship-preview-2013-can.html
Comments
Mozilla has revealed how it plans to integrate plain text commands directly into future versions of Firefox.
Dubbed Taskfox, the move sees Mozilla's Ubiquity project become part of the browser itself, allowing users to type commands directly into the address bar.
You can, for example, type "map cleveland street london" to bring up a Google Map of that location, or "amazon-search the great gatsby" to find that book on Amazon, without visiting the website directly.
Ubiquity, which has been available as a Firefox extension for several months, already has more than 1,200 commands in its library and over 200,000 regular users, according to Mozilla.
Mozilla claims that power could be put to good use. "The basic idea behind Taskfox is simple: take the time-saving ideas behind Ubiquity, and put them into Firefox," the Taskfox wiki claims.
"That means allowing users to quickly access information and perform tasks that would normally take several steps to complete."
Design mock-ups
Mozilla's designers have produced several mock-ups showing how Taskfox could be integrated into the browser.
Three separate treatments show what happens when commands are typed directly into the address (or "Awesome") bar, but Mozilla's design team concede this could cause confusion. "How do you get back to the normal URL-going state of the Awesome bar?" the designers wonder aloud on in a blog post.
"Presumably you could hit 'escape' or 'backspace' to go back, or there can be the standard 'x' in the URL bar - but is that discoverable enough?"
Mozilla is also working on treatments for integrating Taskfox into the top-right hand search bar, or via mouse gestures.
Big plans
The TaskFox integration is part of Mozilla's long-term plan to raise Firefox's game.
Firefox architect Mike Connor recently told PC Pro how the organisation plans to incorporate more labs projects into the browser.
"All the stuff we set out to do in the beginning is already done," Connor, said.
"We're looking at where we can incorporate features from Mozilla Labs. We're looking for more pure innovation than just incrementally getting better. It's nice to try stuff where we don't know if it's going to work."
Top five stories on PC Pro:
1. Security guru: don't surf the web with Firefox
2. Google offers free music downloads
3. Asus brings DVD drives to netbooks
4. Skype arrives on iPhone
The day of the backup quarterback ...
Week 12 Power Rankings were as heavily influenced as ever by men who usually wear OxiClean jerseys while holding clipboards and maybe even Trapper Keepers. No less than five reserves reserved their right to air it out for their teams Sunday, with the results muddying up the ranks. And that's not counting Shaun Hill having to come in for a series in Minnesota or Dallas starting a new/old quarterback in Tony Romo. The latter came out victorious, as did three of the backups: the Broncos' Brock Osweiler, the Colts' Matt Hasselbeck and T.J. Yates down in Houston ...
@HarrisonNFL Deandre Hopkins alone should move the Texans up 3 spots.... #PowerRankings â Adam Miller (@adam_mill) November 23, 2015
Darn skippy, Adam. And Yates was good for a 0.5-spot rise.
That was the most Bengals way to lose that I can imagine. @HarrisonNFL â Ryan Chitwood (@R_ChitwoodOX3) November 23, 2015
No, I can think of another, Ryan.
As for the rest of the teams and their normal dudes under center, see below. Feel free to let me know what looks right, and what looks like the Jags' unis -- er, not right. @HarrisonNFL is the place.
Let the dissension commence!
NOTE: The lineup below reflects changes from our Nov. 17 Power Rankings.
RANK 3 8-2 CARDINALS 1 Another steady step up the rankings for the Cardinals, who are now sturdily in the three-hole. What makes for a solid hitter in the three-hole? Someone who has a balanced approach -- someone who can hit for power and take a few pitches, and who is generally better at hitting to all fields than the cleanup man. Tell me that doesn't describe Arizona under Bruce Arians. The Cards can run the football with two quality RBs, and Carson Palmer distributes the ball while being able to connect deep when appropriate. Would love to see the Cardinals win their first Super Bowl this season. But let's not put the victory beret before the headset. #Arians
RANK 4 8-2 BENGALS 1 Don't let this loss consume you, Bengals fans. Arizona has become a much more difficult place to play than it was even in the Kurt Warner era. Given that the game was decided by about five or six plays, don't go squeezing your wubby like Kenny in "Mr. Mom" over Cincinnati's two-game losing streak. Here are some more reasons to stay calm:
a) Going UN-defeated is OVER-rated.
b) The loss to the Cardinals was by three points, with the Bengals' secondary decimated. Various reports indicate that a senior drive-thru manager at Dairy Queen got a phone call about whether they could play free safety.
c) This football team is not going anywhere. The Bengals will finish with at least a 12-4 record, win the AFC North and probably nab a playoff bye, too.
RANK 5 8-2 BRONCOS 3 Nice jump for a team that now has at least a fully operational QB at the reins -- the lack of which was the impetus for last week's plummet. Thought Brock Osweiler handled themselves extremely well before, during and after the win in Chicago. The Broncos might not have lit up the Bears offensively, but the contest never appeared too heady for Osweiler, who was, all things considered, relaxed. Having that Denver defense behind you sure helps. Just wait until No. 94 gets healthy again.
RANK 7 6-4 STEELERS Week 11 brought a much-needed bye, at least for Ben Roethlisberger. A note about these late bye weeks: They provide teams like the Steelers -- in the heart of the playoff race -- with 13 days to put 10 games of bumps, bruises and playing through pain behind them. Last year, Pittsburgh's bye came in Week 12. Just so you know, Mike Tomlin's group went 4-1 down the stretch to win the AFC North.
RANK 8 7-3 VIKINGS 3 It's OK to still be excited about this team. These aren't the same old Vikings. This is only Mike Zimmer's second season in Minnesota; ditto Teddy Bridgewater. For almost all of last year, neither coach nor QB enjoyed Adrian Peterson's services (or their fumbles). With the weather getting colder, clubs like the Vikings -- those that can run the football and play stingy defense -- are more viable. That rule is as applicable today as it was in 1961, when this franchise came into existence. So let's tap the brakes before granting the NFC North to the Packers or losing confidence in the Vikes.
RANK 10 5-5 SEAHAWKS 6 The Seahawks won a game that, frankly, most people expected them to -- though not necessarily behind two bills from Thomas Rawls. What a day for the undrafted kid out of Central Michigan, who ran 30 times for 209 yards, setting a single-game franchise rookie record, surpassing the 207 put up by the great Curt Warner in a 1983 contest. Seattle, which joined the NFC in 2002, was a member of the AFC then, with Warner's prowess helping the 'Hawks to what would prove to be their one and only appearance in the AFC title game. Tune in next week for more "Seahawks History Hour" ... Maybe we'll talk some Chris Warren.
RANK 12 5-5 BUCCANEERS 6 Jameis Winston posted five touchdown passes Sunday (a Bucs rookie record) despite completing less than 20 total attempts -- quite the statistical feat, representing real bang for your buck. Scoring over 20 fantasy points without scoring a touchdown is even harder to do, but Doug Martin accomplished just that, thanks to their 235 rushing yards. How about converting 11 third and fourth downs while racking up 521 total yards on the road with a rookie quarterback? Rare indeed.
RANK 13 5-5 CHIEFS 9 If you started Spencer Ware in fantasy Sunday, you ARE that guy in the FanDuel-changed-my-life commercials. Ware is far from the only offensive player who's stepped up in the Chiefs' four-game win streak. Not that it matters when the defense goes out and plays like the 2000 Ravens. Or is it the 1985 Bears? Thirty-nine points yielded over the past 16 quarters of football = elite D in 2015 ... or any other year, for that matter. One more note for the road: Anyone remembers this article? Told ya.
RANK 14 5-5 TEXANS 9 Who ever would have thought NFL analysts would one day debate whether the Texans should start Brian Hoyer or T.J. Yates to keep their winning ways going? Yet, that's precisely where Bill O'Brien's team sits right now. They made the correct choice, clearly, to start Hoyer over Ryan Mallett, who has yet to catch on anywhere since getting bounced in Houston. Did they right go back to Hoyer for Week 12, as they confirmed Monday they would? Who cares? Though their signal callers would be considered backups by 30 other NFL teams, the Texans are right there with Indy atop the AFC South -- and improved quarterback play is a large part of the reason.
RANK 17 6-4 FALCONS 8 Freefall for Atlanta, and it's deserved. These Power Rankings held fast with Dan Quinn's group despite a couple of close losses. Unfortunately, the Falcons let the NFL's AARP band come into their place and knock them right down, keeping them from gaining ground in the chase for a wild-card spot. At some point, people are going to realize Matt Ryan cannot carry this team. Quarterback play has become as much a part of the issue as the defense. When's the last time you could say that about Atlanta? The halcyon days of Joey Harrington?
RANK 18 4-6 RAIDERS 6 Another disappointing day for the Raiders, whose playoff hopes took another dive, this time below sea level. At 4-6, Oakland will have an uphill battle, with the Chiefs streaking in the opposite direction and the Broncos likely unreachable in the AFC West at 8-2. The culprit in Detroit was an anemic passing attack, which contributed untimely drops. Next up: a must-win at Tennessee against a rookie QB. Must win, baby.
RANK 19 4-6 BEARS Who hoped for a different play call on the failed two-point conversion late in Sunday's loss? Speaking directly to Bears fans, who of course are pumped up about Jeremy Langford's play in Year 1. But wasn't that a low-percentage call versus a stout Broncos defense? Langford had been held to just 25 yards on 13 carries by that ferocious front seven, so running up the gut out of the shotgun seemed ... curious. What would you have liked to see there? (@HarrisonNFL) I say roll Jay Cutler out on a run-pass option.
RANK 22 4-6 REDSKINS 5 Cam Newton just threw a touchdown pass to Derek Anderson as I was typing this sentence. But let's not relive the Redskins' drubbing in Carolina. Look at the bright side, 'Skins faithful: At 4-6 ... your team's right in the thick of the division race! If only the Redskins could cover as well as the media has covered the crappiness of the NFC East ...
RANK 23 4-6 SAINTS 3 If there is something, anything, to be made of a season of cold, hot, then cold streaks by the Saints, now is the time. They'll have to do it in Houston, which isn't the worst news. With Dennis Allen stepping in as defensive coordinator, facing the offensively challenged Texans is helpful. Allen was last a DC in Denver, back when the Broncos rode the defense as much as they did Tebowmania to the playoffs.
RANK 27 3-7 LIONS 1 Don't be getting Martha Firestone Ford fired up. Ever since they addressed the media regarding the state of the team, the Lions have taken down not one but two decent teams in a two-week stretch. While the playoffs are out of reach, why can't hope at least be within grasp of this organization? It starts on defense, an area that was putrid on the pitch in London but has risen to the occasion as of late. We're holding out hope for Matt Stafford to parallel that development.
RANK 28 3-7 49ERS 3 The Blaine Gabbert Express slowed to a halt in the Great Northwest on Sunday, but make no mistake: This is Gabbert's team -- and second chance -- the rest of the way. And it might be their chance to lay claim to the 49ers' starting QB gig going forward. (News flash to those who zone out on Saturdays: The Niners surprisingly placed Colin Kaepernick on injured reserve.) Gabbert was mostly solid in Seattle. The run defense was, uh, mushy. Michael Carter, Bryant Young and Dana Stubblefield could have played better than the 49ers' front did Sunday. I mean, like, right now, as middle-aged men.
RANK 30 2-8 TITANS Although the defeat to the Jaguars was disappointing, perhaps losing wasn't the worst thing in the world. No one wants to play for next year, but what would Tennessee do in the postseason if it were to win the AFC South at 7-9? Amazing that one loss can push a football team out of the division race and into the race for the No. 1 overall pick. And based on how Marcus Mariota played Thursday night, this organization has much to look forward to.
No matter what, at least we'll always have this ...
RANK 32 2-8 CHARGERS 1 Speculation about head coach Mike McCoy has begun to seep into any and all conversations regarding the state of the Chargers. Not sure many people outside San Diego realize how decimated this team has been by injuries. Most relevant is whether the healthy guys on the field play for their coach with no postseason at the end of the tunnel. Don't be shocked if the Bolts dull the gold on those Jaguars this Sunday. Getting within 15 yards of a running back catching the ball out of the backfield would be a nice start.
Follow Elliot Harrison on Twitter @HarrisonNFL.
(CNN) — According to the United Nations World Tourism Organization (UNWTO), France is the world's most visited country.
Various surveys consistently place Paris among the world's five most visited cities.
But don't expect to see the Eiffel Tower -- or any other French landmark -- on TripAdvisor's most recent list of what it calls the World's Most Beloved Landmarks.
There are biggies on the TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice list -- Cambodia's Angkor Wat and Vatican City's St. Peter's Basilica.
Towering defeat: The Eiffel failed to crack the top 10 on TripAdvisor's most beloved landmarks list. Courtesy TripAdvisor
But for its absence of traditional favorites, it's a curious list.
In a press release, TripAdvisor explained that its "most beloved" designees "were determined using an algorithm that took into account the quantity and quality of reviews and ratings for landmarks worldwide, gathered over a 12-month period."
So, does the TripAdvisor community's opinions reflect your own?
Close your eyes, think of 10 prominent world landmarks, then see how your list compares with the TripAdvisor list below.
TripAdvisor Travelers' Choice World's Most Beloved Landmarks
1. Machu Picchu (Machu Picchu, Peru)
2. Sheikh Zayed Grand Mosque Center (Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates)
3. Angkor Wat (Siem Reap, Cambodia)
4. St. Peter's Basilica (Vatican City, Italy)
5. Taj Mahal (Agra, India)
6. Mosque-Cathedral of Cordoba (Cordoba, Spain)
7. Church of the Savior on Spilt Blood (St. Petersburg, Russia)
8. The Alhambra (Granada, Spain)
9. Lincoln Memorial Reflecting Pool (Washington, D.C.)
It seems that a dedicated fan has just discovered the real-life location used as a setting for the School-Live! zombie anime.
According to Twitter user Nagakomi, the school where School-Live! takes place is located between Negishi and Yokohama in Kanagawa prefecture. Specifically, the coordinates N35.419,E139.645, as shown in a chapter of the manga. The chapter even shows a map location to point out the school's exact position.
Another Tweet compares the nearby location of Yokohama Midorigaoka High School to School-Live's own setting. The two facilities share striking similarities.
Nagakomi suggests that the school in the manga is based on Midorigaoka High School, St. Isidore's University is based on Seiko Gakuin Middle & High School, and the Randall Corporation is based on Nakaodai Junior High School.
Fans were just as quick to identify Numazu, Shizuoka Prefecture in the promo image for the "Love Live! SunShine!!" project and the real New York City locations for the Love Live! movie.
[Via Yaraon]
The Peter Serafinowicz Show Created by Peter Serafinowicz
James Serafinowicz Starring Peter Serafinowicz Country of origin United Kingdom Original language(s) English No. of series 1 No. of episodes 7 Production Running time 30 minutes Production company(s) Objective Productions Distributor All3Media Release Original network BBC Two Original release 4 October 2007 –
23 December 2008 External links Website
The Peter Serafinowicz Show is a BBC Two comedy sketch show written by and starring Peter Serafinowicz. The first series started on 4 October 2007 at 21:30 as part of the newly launched "Thursdays Are Funny" brand on BBC2 and Thursdays on ABC2. On 1 August 2008, American cable network G4 began broadcasting the show as part of their "Duty Free TV" block of international programming.
On 13 December 2008, a 45-minute compilation episode, The Peter Serafinowicz Show: Best Of aired on BBC Two. Serafinowicz impersonated Terry Wogan to host the episode. Although the series it was culled from was aired without a laughter track, the audience reactions, which had been recorded at the time on all six shows but not used, were utilised on the clips in this special, presumably to establish continuity with the subsequent Christmas special, itself being broadcast with a complete laughter track. Serafinowicz and their brother, James, believed the show would have been successful with the laugh track but ultimately decided not to use it to avoid ruining the jokes though some sketches used them to mock television programs.
One series has been made so far; the BBC has since decided not to produce a second series.[1] A Christmas Special was aired on 23 December 2008. Sketches from the special have been released online and include Mactini and iToilet.
Background [ edit ]
The show was commissioned after Serafinowicz posted O! News, a parody of E! News, on YouTube, under the name "Immenstrides".[2] Robert Popper, who co-wrote, and co-starred in, both seasons of Look Around You with Serafinowicz, co-wrote four episodes of The Peter Serafinowicz Show and was a programme consultant for the entire series.
Format [ edit ]
The show is a mixture of sketches based on parodies of British television, using Serafinowicz's and other actors' impressions of notable television personalities. Examples include Heads or Tails, which is a parody of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire?, using the same mannerisms as Chris Tarrant. (Channel Five later created a real show based on the same principles.)
In addition to Serafinowicz, recurring castmembers include Belinda Stewart-Wilson, Catherine Shepherd, Paul Putner, Alex Lowe, Bronagh Gallagher and Benedict Wong. Robert Popper, Sanjeev Kohli and Matt Berry also made onscreen appearances.
Ratings [ edit ]
Episode Airdate Ratings Audience share 1 4 October 2007 1.5 million 7% [1] 2 11 October 2007 1 million 5% [2] 3 18 October 2007 800,000 4% [3] 4 25 October 2007 900,000 5% [4] 5 1 November 2007 900,000 4% [5] 6 8 November 2007 800,000 Unknown[3]
Cancellation [ edit ]
The show was cancelled after its first series by the BBC.[1] Serafinowicz posted a mock BBC News interview on YouTube stating they were leaving of their own accord due to being "unhappy with the BBC's decision to not recommission the series."
The series was released on DVD on 1 February 2010.
Recurring characters and sketches [ edit ]
Episode list [ edit ]
No. 1 "Episode 1" Parodies of Big Brother and Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, the presenters of the Buy It Channels show their disgust at the items they're selling, Michael Caine shows a strange error with some camera lens, and adverts for limescale-clearing firearms. 2 "Episode 2" O! News report on Elvis Presley's return, A Guide to Modern Life gives advice on having a baby, a TV station plant subliminal messaging into their broadcast, and Brian Butterfield advertises the Butterfield Detective Agency. 3 "Episode 3" An advert for a new brand of ham that is produced online, Darth Vader falls in love, Michael-6 talks to a woman who cannot control their children, and Ringo Starr reminisces about when they wrote the theme for Goldfinger. 4 "Episode 4" BBN report on a bank robbery, the Buy It Channels are infested with ants, Miss Marple and Poirot have an affair, and an advert for James Bond's stand-up comedy DVD. 5 "Episode 5" Robert De Niro talks about improvisation, Brian Butterfield advertises their "hotel", the Robot Hunter tracks down a PX19, and BBN change their anchor's name. 6 "Episode 6" A parody Marks and Spencer advert for a "Christmas pudding sofa", a 1940s version of Who Wants to Be a Millionaire, an advert for Rings, Wings, Bings, Mings, Stings, Kings & Tings Magazine, and Ringo Starr talks about appearing in the video for Paul McCartney's banned unsavoury Christmas song. 7 "Christmas Special" A man leaves the room while on a double date to loudly rant about their wife, 30 Second Cook Off, Brian Butterfield celebrates Christmas by going down to the local youth centre dressed as Princess Diana, and Terry Wogan gets stoned on Points of View.
Awards [ edit ]
For their performances in this series, Serafinowicz was awarded the Best Entertainer prize at the 2008 Rose d'Or ceremony.[5]
The series was also nominated for Best Comedy Programme at the 2009 BAFTA Television Awards.[6]
Home Media [ edit ]
The series 1 DVD was released on 1 February 2010.
THANKS A LOTL FOR YOUR SUPPORT!!!
I was not expecting the tiLOTL wave of love and enthusiasm for my little project! WOWZA!!!! I just wanted to make some cute pins! Now I'm going to be able to relaunch my beloved small business. This means so much to me and I can't even begin to express my gratitude.
Please check the Updates page for the latest developments!
Rewards
There are six axolotl pins to choose from! Please select the reward tier that reflects the number of pins you want. (If you don't see the quantity you want, let me know and I will add another tier for you.) When the Kickstarter is over, you will receive a survey to make your pin selections. You will be able to choose any combination of the six designs!
For clarity, here are all the pin designs that will be available...
1. Gari the Albino Axolotl (white)
2. Takuan the Golden Albino Axolotl (yellow)
3. Umeboshi the Melanoid Axolotl (black)
4. Fukujin the Chimera Axolotl (two-tone)
5. Limited Edition Halotlween Axolotl (glow-in-the-dark)
6. Limited Edition Fairy Kei Axolotl (glitter)
Each hard enamel pin will be 30mm (1.18 inches) tall and come pinned to a backing card. They will be double posted with two butterfly clasps for security. Please see below for the specifics of each pin!
~~~
I love axolotls!
I love pins!
Help me make some axolotl pins!
This is Gari! Your classic albino axolotl. This is the artwork that will be used to produce the pin.
Specs
• 30mm
• Hard Enamel
• Rose Gold Plating
• Butterfly Clutch
• Backing Card
Goals
$800 will cover 200 Gari the Albino Axolotl Pins, shipping to backers, and Kickstarter/processing fees. If my project is overfunded, I will be able to add more colorways to my axolotl pin family! Backers will be able to choose which color(s) they want.
$1400 *UNLOCKED!*
+ 200 Takuan the Golden Albino Axolotl Pins
Specs
• 30mm
• Hard Enamel
• Gold Plating
• Butterfly Clutch
• Backing Card
$2000 *UNLOCKED!*
+ 200 Umeboshi the Melanoid (Black) Axolotl Pins
Specs
• 30mm
• Hard Enamel
• Nickel Plating
• Butterfly Clutch
• Backing Card
$2600 *UNLOCKED!*
+ 200 Halotlween Pins (Limited Edition)
Specs
• 30mm
• Hard Enamel
• Glow-in-the-Dark! (Green)
• Black Nickel Plating
• Butterfly Clutch
• Backing Card
$3200 *UNLOCKED!*
+ 200 Fairy Kei Axolotl Pins (Limited Edition)
Specs
• 30mm
• Hard Enamel
• Glitter! (Green/Pink/Purple)
• Nickel Plating
• Butterfly Clutch
• Backing Card
$4000 *UNLOCKED!*
+ Three plush prototypes of Gari, Takuan, and Umeboshi! These will not be offered as rewards this time around, but I will launch a plush Kickstarter in the nearish future if we reach this goal!
+ All backers will receive a free sticker sheet if we make this happen!
$5000 *CONTINGENCY PLAN*
+ The growth of this project from the original goal means that my budget has to grow as well! This is a reassurance that I will be able to increase pin editions and get more shipping supplies as necessary. Also fees. So many fees. Gotta pay the fees.
$5600 *UNLOCKED!*
+ 200 Fukujin the Chimera Axolotl Pins
Specs
• 30mm
• Hard Enamel
• SIX COLORS
• Rose Gold Plating
• Butterfly Clutch
• Backing Card
$6000 *UNLOCKED!*
+ Fukujin becomes a plush, too!
>>> Please read the Updates page for the latest developments! <<<
Breakdown of Funds
THANKS A LOTL FOR YOUR SUPPORT!
Reports from Pakistan seem to confirm what some of us have known all along. Military ruler General Pervez Musharraf has already fixed the elections scheduled for January 8 and that Pakistan's crisis is unlikely to end with the "election" of a new parliament. Washington Post's Griff Witte quoted experts warning of "renewed chaos" as a result of the rigged vote.
The New York Times then cited the results of the latest poll conducted by the International Republican Institute (IRI) that showed Musharraf's approval ratings in Pakistan as being lower even than those of Bush in the United States. 67 percent of Pakistanis want them to resign immediately whereas 70 percent believe their party does not deserve re-election. Benazir Bhutto's Pakistan Peoples Party (PPP), with 30 percent support, emerges as the single largest party in Pakistan's multi-party system. Conservative former Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif's Pakistan Muslim League-N (PML-N) is in second position with 25 percent support. Most people would prefer a Bhutto-Sharif coalition to rule the country rather then the Musharraf-Bhutto alliance favored in Washington.
Musharraf has today withdrawn their decree imposing a state of emergency and suspending Pakistan's constitution. The Bush administration wants Musharraf to survive and has been willing to let them retrace some of their missteps. The withdrawal of the emergency would be another occasion for the State Dept. to speak of "positive" development in Pakistan. U.S. officials insist that their technical assistance in providing transparent ballot boxes and arranging quick counts will mitigate the massive rigging Musharraf has allegedly planned. But the holding of free and fair elections is not a technical issue. It is a matter of intent.
A ruler or government that has no intention of sharing or transferring power is unlikely to hold free and fair elections. Most of the fix for the coming elections is already in -- manipulated voters' lists, gerrymandering, intimidation of opposition candidates and arm-twisting of local influentials to support the ruling Party.
A pre-election mission sent to Pakistan by the National Democratic Institute for International Affairs (NDI), led by former Senator Tom Daschle, reported on November 8 that a free election was not possible without:
1) Steps by the Election Commission to improve the quality of the voters list, which is widely believed to contain as many as 10 million faulty entries;
2) Actions by the government to prevent election-related violence and to promptly investigate and prosecute all attempts to disrupt the election process;
3) Cooperation by the government with judicial inquiries into the killing and abduction of journalists and political party workers;
4) Establishment of a neutral caretaker Cabinet in consultation with political parties and civil society;
5) Use of the government's full authority to improve the law-and-order situation, particularly in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas and southern districts of the North West Frontier Province, to ensure that campaigning and voting can take place;
6) [Steps to] ensure that criminal laws not be used to impede political activity and that no law designed to protect public order be selectively applied; and
7) [Actions that] terminate the involvement of intelligence agencies in the electoral process.
"Without such steps, crucial parliamentary elections risk being perceived as compromised and unrepresentative, and could lead to deeper civil unrest and military involvement in politics," Daschle said.
The NDI has not yet agreed to send an Election Observer mission on grounds that the pre-poll rigging makes Election Day observation less significant. The Carter Center and the British Commonwealth, too, are not sending observers for polling day. The IRI, however, is sending 60 observers who would most likely be herded by Pakistan's ubiquitous intelligence services to places where election rules would by and large be observed to enable an already favorably disposed Bush administration to say that "the poll was flawed, but its result is still acceptable."
The rigging on Election Day is likely to be selective, outside of the view of foreigners and the media as far as possible. The primary purpose of the Musharraf regime would be to influence the outcome both in terms of who gets elected and how many seats each party gets. Thus, the opposition might get a significant number of seats but individuals with an independent mind could be made to lose.
After the elections, a second round of manipulation will take place to create factions within each party and to manage a pliant coalition. This would be similar to what happened in 2002. A coalition cobbled together in the same manner as 2002 after a fraudulent election euphemistically described as "flawed but acceptable" by the U.S. government will not advance democracy in Pakistan.
In 2002, Musharraf arbitrarily amended Pakistan's constitution to bar anyone elected prime minister twice from running for a third term. The restriction was meant to exclude Bhutto and Sharif from challenging Musharraf's authority. Musharraf is now under pressure to lift that ban. But if it is not lifted, there will be no real choice for Pakistanis because then Musharraf would be able to appoint anyone they like as Prime Minister. It is strange that there are no term limits for President and, therefore, Musharraf can manipulate their election as many times as they like but alternative leaders cannot run for Prime Minister and demand a serious share in power.
No parliamentary democracy has term limits because a Prime Ministers do not have a fixed term and a twice-elected Prime Minister can end up actually governing for only a few months each time. Musharraf's desire to exclude Bhutto and Sharif and thereby pave the way for choosing a Prime Minister themselves is another sign that they are following the Hosni Mubarak role model. The Egyptian dictator has ruled their country for almost 27 years without showing any willingness to share power or to defer to the people's will.
But while Musharraf may want to emulate the Egyptian model, Pakistani civilians will not roll over and play dead. Bhutto, Sharif and their millions of supporters are unlikely to be content with running USAID funded NGOs debating the virtues of democracy in meetings where no more than 100 people are allowed to attend at any given time, which is what Egypt's liberal opposition has been reduced to over the last two decades.
The Pakistani opposition has substantive public support, which they will clearly manifest during the election campaign. Sharif's decision to follow Bhutto's lead in joining the polls process enables the opposition to keep Pakistani civil society agitated and the political parties geared up for resistance. Pakistan's civilians may not have the power to topple the Musharraf-led security state but they can deny Musharraf legitimacy that they crave.
If the election result reflects the plan carefully crafted by Pakistan's invisible government, the opposition would have the option of confronting the rigged outcome. By refusing to pay attention to the specific grievances against the caretaker governments and the ruling Party, the Pakistani Election Commission has demonstrated its lack of independence. In any case, how can a Chief Election Commissioner appointed by one man who just recently dismissed Supreme Court judges be described as "independent?"
By failing to understand the differences between the political history and aspirations of Egypt and Pakistan, Musharraf might be risking considerable and prolonged unrest in trying to emulate Mubarak.
It might be better for Musharraf and Pakistan if the elections are genuinely free, fair and transparent and the people have the option of voting for Bhutto and Sharif as future prime ministers. Then Pakistan can get back on the democratic track as Turkey did after its 1983 election.
Turkish coup-maker General Kenan Evren took a back seat after holding genuinely free polls in 1983. They served out their remaining term as civilian President and allowed politicians to run the show without too much meddling even though their preferred party was voted down by the Turkish people. Egypt's Mubarak may still be in power but it is Turkey's Evren who enjoys greater respect.
From RISC OS
This is meant to be a complete history of Acorn Computers and RISC OS development with particular detail on post-Acorn events
The events surrounding development of RISC OS beyond its last release by Acorn (version 3.7) have become confused, with sometimes several incomplete stories. This details hopefully the most accurate version of those events to date, and will serve as a future reference.
Much of the post-Acorn RISC OS development information is based directly on information provided by Steve Revill (a former Acorn employee) and Peter Howkins (who maintains a database of RISC OS version information). It was compiled by Peter Naulls and has then been extended by James Scholes and others.
Other dates are drawn from numerous sources, including Wikipedia, Chris Whytehead and older material by Peter Naulls.
Early Acorn
1978
5/12/1978 – Acorn Computers established in Cambridge, England as a trading name of Cambridge Processor Unit Ltd.
1980
03/1980 – Acorn Atom
BBC Era
1981
? – BBC Micro launch
12/08/1981 – IBM PC
1986
2/1986 – BBC Master
Archimedes Era
1987
06/1987 – Acorn Archimedes
1989
05/1989 – A3000
1990
11/1990 – Advanced RISC Machines Ltd (aka ARM Ltd/ARM Holdings) is created and spun off from Acorn
1991
? – A5000/RISC OS 3.00
? – A4/RISC OS 3.1
18/01/1991 – First release of UnixLib
1992
09/1992 – A3010, A3020, A4000
RiscPC Era
1994
16/04/1994 – RiscPC 600/RISC OS 3.5
6/10/1994 – First release of GCC for RISC OS (version 2.4.5)
1995
? – A7000
? – RiscPC 700/RISC OS 3.6
08/1995 – Windows 95
1996
? – StrongARM RiscPC/RISC OS 3.7
1997
? – A7000+/RISC OS 3.71
1998
NCOS is merged back into CVS both before and during RISC OS 3.80 development.
29/01/1998 – The Acorn Arcade website launches (newsgroup announcement).
25/08/1998 – Acorn Release RISC OS 3.8 to registered developers. 3.80, codenamed Ursula is the 'beta' for the version of RISC OS that will appear in the RiscPC2 (Phoebe). It has been deliberately nobbled to only run on ARM 6 and ARM 7 machines to discourage developers from keeping their SA RiscPC and 3.80 once the RiscPC2 is released. RISC OS 3.80 has some bugs, but generally shows about 90% of the content/work of RISC OS 4.02. A SA capable ROM image was made available to a few people as well, and likely used in-house at Acorn.
Post Acorn
1998
? – Acorn Phoebe
17/09/1998 – Acorn closes the workstation division, ceases development on Phoebe. RISC OS development continues as a black project amongst a few engineers, leading to the various revisions of Ursula ROM softload patches for RiscPC.
13/11/1998 Beebug closes The Register - Beebug to close
1999
15/01/1999 – The remaining parts of Acorn rename as Element 14 Ltd.
05/03/1999 – RISCOS Ltd secure the rights to develop RISC OS for the desktop market and receive source code from Element 14. This was probably the latest version to date, and includes some early 32-bit and HAL work.
27/04/1999 – The breakup of Element 14 Ltd to free up its ARM shares. The bank MSDW purchase the shares of Element 14, then sell the silicon design business to Stan Boland and the management team for £1.5 million. The STB business went to Pace for £200,000. These changes are finalised by 03/06/1999.
01/07/1999 – RISCOS Ltd, having completed RISC OS code to a sellable state, release RISC OS 4.02 for sale to the general public.
09/1999 (or so) – drobe.co.uk launches
2000
12/05/2000 – Castle demonstrate Kinetic card to press.
10/2000 – Element 14, the silicon design business, is sold to Broadcom in a stock deal worth approx $594 million (USD).
08/08/2000–02/04/2001 – Pace Engineers continue to build soft-loadable versions of RISC OS for RiscPCs including the 32-bit/HAL work. These are considerably more polished than 3.80, and appear to be as feature complete as ROL's 4.02. Some code from RISC OS 4.02 is included from ROL (who are now selling Select).
2001
? – ViewFinder video expansion for RiscPC
05/2001 – Select announced (begins in October)
05/2001 – MicroDigital first shows Omega at Wakefield
2002
4/2002 – NetSurf project starts
? – RISC OS Select.
10/2002 – Select 2
10/2002 – Developer preview of IYONIX pc
2/11/2002 – Castle Technology use a Pace-derived version of RISC OS as version 5 in the IYONIX pc launch.
2003
4/07/2003 – Castle purchase RISC OS from Pace.
05/2003 – Select 3
11/11/2003 – Castle cease RiscPC production.
2004
RISCOS begins working on their own 32-bit version (Adjust 32)
04/2004 – RISC OS Adjust (4.39)
16/04/2004 – RiscPC 10 years old.
2005
22/05/2005 – A9Home at Wakefield show
06/2005 – First port of Firefox for RISC OS released.
2006
01/04/2006 – 7th software announce release of the first version of the powerful virtual desktop application, MoreDesk
09/07/2006 – RISC OS Open is announced following two weeks of speculation after the company registration was spotted on Drobe. It shortly emerges that it is a project to offer the source to several parts of RISC OS for open modification.
26/11/2006 – As part of a redesign, the Acorn Arcade and The Icon Bar websites have their content & back-end merged together. This essentially marks the "closure" of Acorn Arcade, since the new acornarcade.com will only display gaming-related articles, whereas iconbar.com displays both the gaming and non-gaming articles. (Icon Bar/Acorn Arcade relaunch article)
2007
02/2007 – Castle releases its last "closed source" ROM images for the Iyonix, OS5.13.
30/04/2007 (estimate) – After several soft-loadable releases, RISCOS Ltd release RISC OS 6 "the 32 bit neutral version of RISC OS developed by RISCOS Ltd.
19/05/2007 – Castle and RISC OS Open release their first sources.
08/2007 – NetSurf 1.1
2008
03/2008 – NetSurf 1.2
2009
28/04/2009 – Castle and RISC OS Open release their first complete ROM image for the Iyonix, OS5.14.
04/2009 – NetSurf 2.0
05/2009 – NetSurf 2.1
21/09/2009 – drobe.co.uk shuts down into archive mode after 10 years.
22/09/2009 – riscos.info starts covering RISC OS news.
8/10/2009 – Micro Men screens on BBC 4.
Wow—you like the Mets? Okay—congrats. A thousand apologies for my failure to immediately fall to my knees and worship your great moral courage.
Wow—you like the Mets? The slightly less well capitalized of the New York City baseball franchises? Wow. I'm trembling.
I've never met a real live hero before.
What's that—you've been a Mets fan for a long time? You were a fan of the Mets even during years that they did not have a winning record? Wow. I hope that it's not too forward for me to tell you that I regard your fortitude in the face of suffering to be on par with that of the many persecuted minorities around the world that have suffered genocide. Someday, I would like to know how you did it.
Until then, I'd be happy too just to hear you tell loud stories about Mookie Wilson in the gym locker room in your abrasive, nasally Queens accent. Music to my ears.
Whoa—you've liked the Mets? Since you were a kid? And not the Yankees? Even though the Yankees are objectively more popular? You still liked the Mets? And wore a Mets hat everywhere? And talked about the Mets? Since you were a kid? Wow. If I found the mythical “magic lamp” I would inform the genie that all three of my magic wishes were to meet your mother and father and sit them down and look deep into their eyes and sincerely congratulate them on raising a child with the principled bravery that you possess. I know that you personally are too humble to ask to be nominated for sainthood, but I would beg you to consider accepting the honor, if only to see the light in your mother's eyes when you finally receive the recognition you are due.
You say you met Keith Hernandez once? Please, tell me more.
Hey—I was wondering. Did you stick with the Mets through thick and thin? And now they're finally in the playoffs? And you feel vindicated not just as a common sports fan but as a person with the backbone to root for the city's second most popular baseball team, which is a reflection, though you are too modest to say it in so many words, of your own honorable character? My only regret is that I do not have more eardrums to sacrifice to the dulcet strains of your boisterous discussions of this very point on sports talk radio stations. If I could somehow hear nothing but MIKEY FROM QUEENS discussing the finer points of Matt Harvey's pitch count from morning to night, I would die a happy man.
Doc Gooden? No, I'd like to hear what you think about him.
Excuse me—I apologize for my giddy demeanor. It's hard to contain myself. I've had quite a day. I doubt you'd believe me if I told you. But I—just an average joe—had the incredible honor and privilege today of meeting, in the flesh, up close and personal, right here in New York City, a fan of the New York Mets. Getting to hear them describe to me at top volume, while gesturing with a hand holding a half-eaten slice of pizza, how Derek Jeter is far more gay than Mike Piazza was merely the icing on the metaphorical cake. I, for one, can cross something very special off my bucket list. Thank you, Mets fans. Thank you for being you.
Get a life.
[Photo via Getty]
Alex Pritchard set to link up with Chris Hughton at Brighton
Brighton have agreed a fee to sign Alex Pritchard from Tottenham, according to Sky sources.
Spurs are understood to want a package amounting to £8m for the 23-year old, who will now discuss personal terms with the Championship club.
Seagulls boss Chris Hughton worked with the attacking midfielder during their time as a coach at Spurs and tried to sign them on loan in January.
 They are keen to bring in Pritchard again but faces competition from a number of Championship clubs including QPR, who also held talks with Spurs last week.
Chris Hughton worked with Pritchard at White Hart Lane
Pritchard spent the back end of last season on loan at West Brom but made only two Premier League appearances.
They almost joined Burnley in the winter transfer window after recovering from an injury and the Clarets are another club who have expressed an interest in signing him.
Louisiana head football coach Mark Hudspeth announced today the team will wear "Lafayette Strong" decals to honor those who were involved in any way in the Grand Theatre shootings.
“The community support and what I saw at Cajun Field, and now what I see driving home every day, with all the Lafayette Strong signs out in the community — it's unbelievable," said Hudspeth. “It just goes to show you what a great place we have to live in, in Acadiana and Lafayette, So I'm very proud to be a part of this community, and our team feels the same way.
The teams' decals will feature the Acadiana flag and outline of the state of Louisiana, much like the yard signs that have been seen throughout the area.
The helmet decals will be worn throughout the 2015 season.
Hudspeth made the comments Wednesday at the annual UL Media Day held at the Alumni House.
Organizers behind Tokyo's sixth annual Rainbow Pride fair and parade said Sunday that this weekend's festival set a new attendance record.
The two-day fair, which included booths set up by many Japanese and Japan-based foreign companies, began on Saturday. Thousands of people joined Sunday's parade to celebrate the LGBT community.
According to organizers, roughly 70,000 people attended this weekend's fair and parade, the biggest turnout in the event's history.
Support for LGBT rights is growing gradually in Japan. Several of the city's wards have started recognizing gay and lesbian couples with same-sex partnerships.
A poll released last year found that a majority (51%) of Japanese support changing the nation's laws to allow gay couples to marry.
However, Human Rights Watch (HRW) said this week that it has found systemic bullying against LGBT students taking place in Japan's schools.
(Related: Human Rights Watch calls bullying of LGBT students in Japan “epidemic.”)
The US Army's plan to wrap new technologies and commercial off the shelf (COTS) improvements into the M4A1 rifle has apparently been canned. The program, called M4A1+, was originally intended to upgrade the M4A1 fleet with new COTS rails, back up sights, flash hiders, triggers, and other improvements, but it seems the service will push forward with the basic 22-year-old M4A1 design for now. ArmyTimes reports:
“The Army issues market surveys all the time to assess if there's any new technologies that it might want to look at. In this instance, there weren't,” Picatinny Arsenal spokesperson Pete Rowland in an email. “Case-closed for now.” The M4A1+ market survey requested solutions that included an extended Picatinny rail (to both allow a shooting technique with a straightened forward elbow and more accessory-attachment options), as well as a floating barrel to enhance accuracy. Other improvements sought were: a flash suppressor; a brownish color for new parts to help camouflage; removable iron sights; and an optional sniper-style single-stage trigger specifically for squad marksmen. The upgrades were to “seamlessly integrate with the current M4A1 Carbine … without negatively impacting or affecting the performance or operation.” At the time Lt. Col. Terry Russell, project manager for individual weapons at Picatinny Arsenal, said the Army was “very confident that these already do exist, or that (companies) can develop them for us in short order.” But the offerings apparently did not add enough value for the Army to pull the trigger.
The M4A1 offers substantial improvement over the basic M4, including fully automatic selector setting, ambidextrous selector levers, and a much heavier barrel contour originally created to support extended fully automatic fire from SOCOM reconnaissance teams. While the M4A1+ improvements could have augmented the rifle's configuration slightly, taken altogether they represent only a very modest possible improvement over the existing M4A1. The biggest possible improvements would have been the change to a low profile gas block, and a longer, lighter rail (possibly even utilizing a negative footprint mounting system like Keymod) than the somewhat small, heavy, and antiquated KAC RAS 1913 rail. It seems likely to me that in the future the Army will pursue these developments regardless of the M4A1+ program's cancellation, that is provided that the service moves quickly enough that such improvements can arrive before the replacement of the M4 with something new.
Introduction
A new study has underscored just how little is known about the health consequences of the natural gas boom that began a decade ago, when advances in high-volume hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, and directional drilling allowed companies to tap shale deposits across the United States.
“Despite broad public concern, no comprehensive population-based studies of the public health effects of [unconventional natural gas] operations exist,” concluded the report published Monday in the peer-reviewed journal Environmental Science & Technology.
Last week, The Center for Public Integrity, InsideClimate News and The Weather Channel reported on the health data gap in the Eagle Ford Shale, where a lack of air monitoring and research is aggravated by a Texas regulatory system that often protects the gas and oil industry over the public.
Scientists interviewed for the series said the uncertainties persist across the country. In the words of one expert, scientists “really haven't the foggiest idea” how shale development impacts public health.
Gas and oil production releases many toxic chemicals into the air and water, including carcinogens like benzene and respiratory hazards like hydrogen sulfide. While residents near drilling areas in Texas reported symptoms that are known to be caused by these chemicals, including migraines and breathing problems, it was impossible to link them to the drilling boom because no studies could be found that prove cause and effect.
The new study, led by John Adgate at the Colorado School of Public Health, examined available research on the environmental, social and psychological impacts of shale gas drilling. It was the first time anyone had tried to tackle the question in a systematic way, Adgate said.
The researchers found that much of the existing work “isn't explicitly tied to health.” Many studies analyzed the level of pollutants in the air or water, but didn't track how the exposures are connected to local health trends. Other studies used health surveys, but didn't compare the respondents' results with the health of the larger surrounding community.
What's needed, Adgate said, are comprehensive studies that examine possible connections between chemical exposures and community health trends. But these types of studies require substantial funding and good baseline data, both of which are hard to obtain.
“You're not going to find anything if you don't look, and some people think we shouldn't be looking, or that it's not worth looking,” they said. “We do know a lot of these things are hazardous, and we just need to develop a system … [that] provides people with a reasonable level of certainty [on the] effects, or lack thereof.”
Health impacts will vary based on local geology, weather patterns, operator practices and other factors, Adgate said, so it would make sense to set up a study that tracks people from different parts of the country.
Regulators are well aware of the knowledge gap. In 2012, the Government Accountability Office — an investigative arm of Congress — reviewed more than 90 studies from government agencies, the industry and academic researchers and concluded that oil and gas development “pose inherent environmental and public health risks, but the extent of these risks … is unknown, in part, because the studies GAO reviewed do not generally take into account the potential long-term, cumulative effects.”
On the issue of air pollution, the GAO said the studies “are generally anecdotal, short-term, and focused on a particular site or geographic location … [They] do not provide the information needed to determine the overall cumulative effect that shale oil and gas activities have on air quality.”
Bernard Goldstein, a professor emeritus at the University of Pittsburgh and a co-author of the paper, pointed to a need for well-designed studies in large populations. Scientists could analyze a community before, during and after drilling begins, or compare the health of residents in communities close to and far from a shale play, they said.
Both Adgate and Goldstein cited major barriers in funding. “There hasn't been a lot of money thrown at this problem,” Adgate said. “It's a contentious issue as everybody knows, and nobody's stepped up to say we're going to fund independent research.”
Goldstein said the National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences — part of the National Institutes of Health — has started to fund some studies, but the results won't emerge for years. Adgate suggested more public-private partnerships like the Health Effects Institute, an independent research organization that studies vehicular air pollution. It is jointly funded by the Environmental Protection Agency and the auto industry.
Goldstein, a doctor and toxicologist who served as an assistant EPA administrator under President Reagan, sees the lack of research as a failure of transparency. “The impression I have is, there's at least some part of industry that believes it's better not to have these studies, because they believe it will lead to toxic tort lawyers suing the industry.”
There seems to be little interest in obtaining better data, they said. Two years ago, they led a study that analyzed the membership of three advisory committees established by President Obama and the governors of Maryland and Pennsylvania. All three groups were tasked with studying the impacts of shale gas, yet Goldstein and their colleagues found that none of the 51 members had a medical or health background.
“The current lack of almost any support for research directly related to the health effects of unconventional gas drilling is shortsighted and counterproductive,” they said in 2012 in testimony before the House Energy and Environment Subcommittee. “This is not a one-time event in a single location whose health effects could be hidden by simply not looking for them … [The] only cost-effective time … to make this investment is now rather than to wait until the inevitable clamor for such research when diseases begin to appear that are associated with natural gas drilling activities.”
This report is part of a joint project by The Center for Public Integrity, InsideClimate News and The Weather Channel. Lisa Song is with InsideClimate News and Jim Morris is with the Center for Public Integrity.
There Will Be No Bitcoin Split, Part 2
John Blocke Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 31, 2016
This is a follow-on to my original article, There Will Be No Bitcoin Split. If you are arriving from Reddit, you should be aware that Part 1 of this article was censored from /r/bitcoin. We must question the motives of those who use censorship to achieve their ends.
In this essay, I will address the various actions that may be taken by a minority chain in response to a Bitcoin hard fork, as well as examine why all such responses fall short and only support my initial statement that there will be no “two-Bitcoins” situation as a result of an intentional hard fork.
It may seem presumptuous of me to continually speak of a 75% hard fork as though it were a given; consider these articles thought exercises. If a successful hard fork is to happen, it is safe to assume that it will be with a large majority of hashrate. It should also be clarified that the word attack in this article refers to a strategic move to drive network convergence on a single chain, and does not imply malicious intent. The ethics of such strategies will be saved for a later essay.
There are three main courses of action that may be taken to attempt to preserve the old chain in the wake of a 75% majority hard fork:
Do nothing. This ensures the majority chain wins. Manually adjust the difficulty of the minority chain to prevent the 56 day difficulty adjustment period suffocating the economy of this chain. Change the difficulty and the proof-of-work algorithm of the minority chain.
Part one of this essay explored the consequences of the first strategy, doing nothing. This strategy is all but guaranteed to ensure the dominance of the new majority hashrate chain. It is true that the minority chain may live on, powered by the nodes and super-minority hashrate of its most ardent supporters, but as explained in the previous article this network will only survive in a crippled state while the rest of the bitcoin economy migrates to the most secure chain with the largest network.
Strategy Two: Manually adjusting the difficulty
This strategy is flawed for two reasons. First of all, it would require Bitcoin Core to release an emergency software update and would induce a hard fork of its own. As Bitcoin Core has taken a strong stance against hard forks over the past year, this would both cause a major loss of credibility and would also further subdivide the minority chain. Even “emergency” updates take time to roll out, and for the duration of time it takes Core chain supporters to become fully compliant with the new consensus rules, there would be three blockchains: The Ancestor Chain, which would have diminished security, sluggish block times, and the lowest transaction throughput of the three. BU-Chain, which would have the fastest block times, the greatest security, and greatest transaction throughput of the three (remember, this thought experiment is exploring the outcome of a Bitcoin Unlimited 75% hard fork). Finally there would be Core-Chain (the difficulty-adjusted chain), which would have diminished security, but would have ten-minute block times, and would retain present-day transaction throughput capacity (259,200 transactions per day).
Ignoring for a moment the added confusion of a hard-fork of a hard-fork, this strategy actually further reduces the chances of survival of the minority chain. If majority-chain miners were not content to merely wait out the slow and natural death of the minority-chain, one avenue that is open to them is to divert some of their hashrate towards attacking the minority chain, either 51%-attacking it or reducing its utility by mining empty blocks on top of it.
If there are only two chains, Ancestor Chain and BU-Chain, 51%-attacking the Ancestor Chain would require miners to divert a significant amount of hashrate towards disrupting the old chain. This would cost the BU Chain miners a large amount of resource, and would further reduce the transaction processing capabilities and block times of their favored chain.
If the total daily electricity cost of all hashrate is $471,694, and BU-Chain and Ancestor Chain have a stable 75/25 split, then maintaining BU-Chain would cost the rational miners $235,847 per day while the honest maintainers of Ancestor Chain would need to spend $117,924 per day to support their chain. Meanwhile the Ancestor Chain attackers would need to spend >$117,924 per day to perform the attack. While this attack is underway, they will be diverting hashrate that could instead be used to maintain BU-Chain, increasing the average block time of BU-Chain to ~20 minutes, producing 72 blocks and 900 new BTC per day. Although this method does not make financial sense for Chain A miner to perform, in the short term at least, it is interesting to note that with 2MB blocks and 20 minute confirmation times this network would actually have the same transaction processing capability of the Bitcoin network in its current state. If the difficulty of the Ancestor Chain is not adjusted, it makes more sense for BU-Chain miners to continue supporting their own network and wait for the old chain to die off on its own.
Should a new difficulty-adjusted bitcoin client be introduced, henceforth Core-Chain, then the economic equation shifts. Ignoring once again that the hashrate split will not maintain a clean 75/25 split for long and that rational miners will continually be migrating to the most profitable chain, the success of a manual difficulty adjustment hard fork relies on the assumption that 100% of Core-Chain supporters will upgrade simultaneously and will divert all resources from the Ancestor Chain to Core-Chain. This also presupposes that a majority of nodes will upgrade in a timely manner and that Core-Chain will maintain its current level of decentralization, another point which Bitcoin Core has taken a strong stance on.
Any rational BU-Chain miner could, and probably will be, paying attention to the release plans of Core-Chain. As soon as the Core-Chain network forks from the Ancestor Chain, a BU-Chain miner could devote minimal resources to attacking the Core-Chain and bring it to a halt before it has a chance to gain traction. The attack need only be maintained briefly to ensure that Core-Chain gains no economic traction, it does not need to be maintained in perpetuity. In this scenario, the Ancestor Chain will maintain the greatest legacy node count but will have a crippled network, Core-Chain will have the fastest block times but low node count and minimal adoption by businesses, and BU-Chain will have slightly slower block times, but the greatest transaction processing capacity and greatest economic adoption of the three chains.
Because Core-Chain is also a new fork of the legacy Ancestor Chain, its adoption by the community of users and businesses will not be assumed like an Ancestor Chain update would be, but will instead require all users and businesses to opt-in by manually updating their node software. In a situation where the legacy chain is abandoned and the two new competing chains are both the product of hard forks, it makes the most sense for the rational actor to adopt the chain with the greatest security, transaction throughput, and economic support.
Bitcoin Core could mitigate this scenario by first launching Core-Chain secretly with the support of a few loyalist businesses and miners. This would create a secret hard fork, and until such time that it were made public the “privileged miners” allowed to mine on this private blockchain would maintain absolute seigniorage rights over the new currency as well as >51% control of the network, harming (perhaps irreparably) the monetary integrity of the new coin. John Blocke would not be the least bit surprised if this scenario happens, as it would suit well the Bitcoin Core modus operandi of turning a blind eye to censorship and attempts at maintaining centralized control over the decentralized bitcoin network. Fortunately, most users and businesses are honest and will reject such a private chain, but be forewarned that the censorship regimes of /r/bitcoin and bitcointalk and the de facto information omission by Coindesk and Bitcoin Magazine will work together to frame this privileged and centralized blockchain as the rightful heir of the Bitcoin name while simultaneously framing the actions of the economic majority in a xenophobic, anti-Chinese light (although support for the majority chain will be international). You heard it here first.
It is important to note that this difficulty-adjusted chain will inherently suffer from an extremely high degree of centralization. Because a 75% fork to BU-Chain implies the majority of miners being in agreement (with non-ideological miners quickly joining this more profitable network), miner support for Core-Chain will likely come from one, two, or three pools.
Strategy Three: Change the difficulty and the proof-of-work algorithm
For those who disagree with the idea of Bitcoin as an amorphous and leaderless system and dogmatically adhere to the idea that Bitcoin is inseparable from the Bitcoin Core team of coders, John Blocke suggests utilizing Strategy Three. This strategy delivers the most fair outcome for the greatest number of individuals, and will have the added benefit of further decentralizing mining on the new Proof-of-Work chain by moving away from ASIC mining and returning to CPU or GPU mining.
With this strategy, many of the messier aspects of a fork are neatly resolved:
The current bitcoin mining network will converge on the majority chain, preserving the unity of a single bitcoin network and not creating a currency split.
Groups of individuals with differing ideas for the ideal cryptocurrency will be free to realize their visions without feeling coerced by the other, and the market will decide the fair value of each coin.
The multi-year standoff that has divided the Bitcoin community will come to an end. One hopes that the in-fighting and the censorship would finally be put to rest.
Because being secured by a vast amount of computational power does not seem to be as important a feature of the Bitcoin network to one side of the argument as it is to the other, this solution should be something that both factions in this great debate can agree on.
The main outcome of this strategy, and the reason the author expects it to be an unpopular one, is that it almost certainly guarantees that the network with consensus of existing bitcoin miners will be the one to inherit the naming rights and the economy of “Bitcoin,” while the new-PoW network will be need to re-earn market share based on its merits. This should once again be agreeable to Bitcoin Core, as the Core stance tends to prioritize cryptographic perfection over user acquisition. Alas, being the unelected “leaders” of a system with millions of users is a difficult thing to let go of, and one should not expect Bitcoin Core to let go of the reigns so easily.
Image copyright Getty Images
Labour has accused David Cameron of being hypocritical by writing to their local council in Oxfordshire to complain about proposed cuts.
David Cameron told the Conservative leader of Oxfordshire County Council, Ian Hudspeth, that potential reductions in services were unwelcome.
They suggested cuts in back office functions instead and offered to set up a meeting with the No 10 policy unit.
Labour has asked the Cabinet Secretary if that broke the ministerial code.
The PM wrote to Oxfordshire council leader Ian Hudspeth last month saying they were "disappointed" at proposed "cuts to frontline services, from elderly day centres, to libraries, to museums".
The council should "move cautiously in setting out its budget plans", they say.
In a letter of response Mr Hudspeth reminds Mr Cameron they "worked hard to assist you in achieving a Conservative majority".
Mr Cameron is the MP for Witney in Oxfordshire, an area covered by Oxfordshire County Council.
Labour has written to Cabinet Secretary Sir Jeremy Heywood suggesting the prime minister's letter may have breached the ministerial code, because Mr Hudspeth was invited to meet the No 10 policy unit regarding budget cuts.
Shadow minister without portfolio Jon Ashworth said the code requires ministers to "keep separate their roles" in government and as constituency members.
They said the leader of Mr Cameron's constituency county council "should not be given preferential treatment", and asked whether similar offers have been made to all the leaders of other councils.
Mr Ashworth told BBC Radio 4's Today: "I doubt they are inviting the leader of Leicester City Council, where I am an MP, or the leader of Manchester City Council into the No 10 policy unit to discuss ways to deal with the cuts.
"It feels like a breach and I hope the Cabinet Secretary will look into it."
'Slight fall'
In their letter, the prime minister attempts to reassure their local colleague, pointing out that the money councils get from central government will not be confirmed until after the Spending Review later this month.
In their lengthy letter of response, Mr Hudspeth disagrees with a series of claims made in the prime minister's letter - including a suggestion that Oxfordshire County Council was failing to make back office savings and had actually seen an increase in its budget.
The county council leader points out that the authority employs almost 3,000 fewer people than it did in 2010.
They add that the council's grants from government have fallen from £194m a year in 2009/10 to £122m this year.
"I cannot accept your description of a drop in funding of £72m... as a 'slight fall'" they write.
Mr Hudspeth points out that in addition to the spending cuts the council has had to deal with, the demands upon it have been growing, given the "heightened awareness and concern around vulnerable children" since the Baby P case in Haringey in north London, and "the growth in the elderly population - who generate the largest demand for expensive social care placements and support".
McDonnell's welcome
Oxfordshire County Council's cabinet agreed earlier this week to cut £3.7m in subsidies to bus companies in the county. The subsidies currently help ensure "low use routes" remain viable.
Such routes are often in rural areas - such as the prime minister's Witney constituency.
A spokesperson for the prime minister said: "There is still significant scope for sensible savings across local government to be made by back office consolidation, disposing of surplus property and joining up our local public services; we will be discussing with Oxfordshire how this can be taken forward to help protect frontline services."
For Labour, shadow chancellor John McDonnell told the BBC on Wednesday: "I welcome the prime minister as another Tory MP joining our campaign against George Osborne's cuts."
CAAMFest: ‘Family Ingredients' a culinary trip
Honolulu chef and food sustainability advocate Ed Kenney�with their mom. Honolulu chef and food sustainability advocate Ed Kenney�with their mom. Photo: Renea Veneri Stewart 2015 Photo: Renea Veneri Stewart 2015 Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close CAAMFest: ‘Family Ingredients' a culinary trip 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Honolulu chef and food sustainability advocate Ed Kenney clearly likes to keep busy: He's about to open their fourth restaurant, Mahina & Sun's, joining the well-received Town, Kaimuki Superette and Mud Hen Water, and serves on the board of Ma‘o Organic Farm and other nonprofits. Still, it took a very specific kind of culinary temptation to lure them into filming the new PBS documentary series, “Family Ingredients,” two episodes of which will screen Sunday in San Francisco as part of CAAMFest 2016.
“It was never on my radar to be in front of the camera,” explains Kenney, calling from Honolulu. “(Executive producer) Heather Haunani Giugni was hounding me for a couple years to do a food/travel/ genealogy show on Hawaii's multiethnic cultures, and I told them I don't want to be on TV, it's not my thing.”
But Giugni was persistent. “After a few years they came back and said, ‘We're going to Japan with chef Alan Wong and you're going to eat at Jiro's of ‘Jiro Dreams of Sushi,' and I thought, “OK— I guess I can suck up my pride and do it just this once,” Kenney says, laughing.
The concept of the half-hour show also appealed to him: “Take a prominent chef here in Hawaii, find out what their favorite childhood food is and trace it back to its origins,” Kenney explains.
In the case of Wong, a co-founder of the Hawaii Regional Cuisine movement, viewers learn they were raised in Japan by a single mother “who had a hard time putting food on the table,” Kenney notes. Wong's favorite food, not surprisingly, was an inexpensive one: tamago gake gohan, or raw egg on hot rice.
So in addition to eating at Jiro's famous sushi nook in Tokyo, Kenney and Wong met with a farmer north of the capital who made the dish. “He showed us how their family made it, and they had grown the rice and the soybeans for the soy sauce and raised the chickens that made the eggs.”
Although Bay Area viewers will have to wait to see that pilot episode on PBS, the 2:30 p.m. Sunday screening at the Roxie screening will feature two others from the original six episodes of the 2014-15 series, which won a regional Emmy in Hawaii before being picked up nationally.
In “Pipikaula and Carne Seca,” the Hawaiian and Spanish words for dried beef, Kenney travels with Hawaiian musician and artist Kuana Torres Kahele to Waimea on the Big Island, and also to San Francisco, where they meet chef Traci Des Jardins at their Arguello restaurant in the Presidio, and Sonoma's Rancho Petaluma Adobe.
Kahele “grew up on the Big Island riding horses, and that's a whole part of Hawaii that people don't often know about,” Kenney says. “They think surfing and sandy beaches, but they were drying beef into pipikaula with their grandmother. We went to Kahua Ranch, where their grandfather has ties, and we traced it back to Northern California, which at the time was Mexican.”
Des Jardins, Kenney discovers in the episode, “has Mexican lineage and grew up on a ranch in summer and ate machaca, Mexican dried beef, which has a parallel to Hawaiian pipikaula. We try to speculate about how these things ended up in Hawaii and how they originated it.”
The other episode screening Sunday hits much closer to home for Kenney, since it investigates the origins of poi —the first solid food their mother gave them as a baby—and looks at contemporary uses of the taro-based staple.
Director Ty Sanga includes scenes of Kenney with their mother, Beverly Noa, a famous Waikiki hula dancer from the 1950s to '70s, and follows Kenney to Hanalei Valley, Kauai, where their father—Edward Kamanaloha Kenney Jr., also a well-known Waikiki entertainer—was raised. There Kenney digs in the traditional wetland taro patches that give the valley its green sheen. “The cinematography is just outstanding,” they note.
Kenney, Giugni and producer Dan Nakasone will attend the Sunday's screening at CAAMFest—the annual film festival of the Center for Asian American Media—which will also give Kenney a chance to dig into their favorite San Francisco restaurant. “I go straight to Nopa from the airport and it's 11:30 at night and they're still cooking,” they marvel.
Family Ingredients: Two episodes, 75 minutes, 2:30 p.m. Sunday, March 13, at the Roxie, 3117 16th St., San Francisco. $14, $13 students and seniors. http://caamfest.com
Former Chronicle Travel Editor Jeanne Cooper writes frequently about Hawaii for The Chronicle and SFGate.
The official YouTube channel for the Sailor Moon franchise began streaming the trailer for the Black Moon arc of the ongoing Pretty Guardian Sailor Moon Crystal anime on Saturday. Misato Fukuen plays Chibi Usa/Sailor Chibi Moon, and Ai Maeda plays Sailor Pluto.
Usagi: Time for the two of us I always wished for... And I finally got it.
Usagi: Hey! Who's that hanging on to my Mamo-chan!?
Usagi: I thought I had finally gotten some alone time for the both of us!
Chibiusa: You're... Usagi Tsukino...?
Usagi: Huh?
Chibiusa: If you're Usagi Tsukino, you should have the Illusionary Silver Crystal. Hand it over. Come on, hurry!
Rei: I had a bad feeling about something.
Chibiusa: I'll watch you for a while!
Ami: I didn't think we'd be using these again so soon...
Makoto: It's starting again, huh...?
Text: The shadow of a new enemy approaching...
Usagi: What did you do to Papa and the others!? Turn them back!
Chibiusa: ...No.
Usagi: Ah, hey!
Luna: That's...!
Usagi: That's... A door...?
Pluto: Wait! I won't let you past here. I will erase those who bring danger!
Text: Invited by a mysterious girl, Usagi and the others go to 30th century Crystal Tokyo!
Text: They stand against the dark crystal...!
Chibiusa: Hey... Is Sailor Moon strong?
Mamoru: Yeah. She's invincible.
Chibiusa: I wonder... If maybe, she'll save mom?
Venus: If it's all five of us, we can do this!
Moon: Time to transform! The pretty guardian clad in a sailor suit! Sailor Moon! I'll punish you in the name of the moon!
The anime premiered on July 5 and airs on the first and third Saturdays every month. Starting on January 17, the second season includes the story from the original manga's "Black Moon" arc and features Chibi Usa. The Comic Natalie website posted more images from the upcoming episodes.
Crunchyroll, Niconico, Hulu, and other services are streaming the series as it airs in Japan. Viz Media licensed the series for release in North America.
Kotono Mitsuishi has been reprising the starring title role. The cast also includes Hisako Kanemoto as Ami Mizuno/Sailor Mercury, Rina Satou as Rei Hino/Sailor Mars, Ami Koshimizu as Makoto Kino/Sailor Jupiter, and Shizuka Itou as Minako Aino/Sailor Venus.
Munehisa Sakai (One Piece, One Piece Strong World, Suite Precure) is directing this new adaptation of Naoko Takeuchi's original manga at Toei Animation, the studio behind the first anime. Yūji Kobayashi (scripts on Saint Seiya Omega, Smile Precure!) is in charge of the series scripts, and Momoiro Clover Z is performing the theme song.
Yukie Sako (chief animation director on Majestic Prince, Nyan Koi!) is designing the characters, and Yasuharu Takanashi (Naruto Shippūden, Fairy Tail, Precure franchise) is composing. The art directors will be Takashi Kurahashi (Mononoke, Gatchaman Crowds, Hakaba Kitarō) and Yumi Hosaka (Mononoke, Gatchaman Crowds). King Records is producing the soundtrack.
One of the hardest to find entries in the Castlevania saga is now available to download on the Wii U's Virtual Console.
A remake of shorts of Castlevania: Rondo of Blood , which chronologically takes place immediately before Castlevania: Symphony of the Night, Castelvania Dracula X released for the Super Nintendo in 1995. It's one of the Super Nintendo's harder-to-come-by games, and is currently valued at being worth $550 for a complete version of the game on videogames.pricecharting.com. You can check out a trailer for its Virtual Console release below.
Our Take
Recently, I put together a list of the Super Nintendo's rarest games and whether or not they were available on the Virtual Console. At the time, Castlevania Dracula X was not available, and I said it should be the next game to be made available for the Virtual Console. Happy to see its finally available in an easy-to-find way.
Skeletal remains found in car in Sims Bayou
A submerged vehicle is pulled from Sims Bayou in the 4800 block of Scenic Drive on Thursday. A submerged vehicle is pulled from Sims Bayou in the 4800 block of Scenic Drive on Thursday. Photo: Jon Shapley, Houston Chronicle Photo: Jon Shapley, Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 14 Caption Close Skeletal remains found in car in Sims Bayou 1 / 14 Back to Gallery
Police are investigating the death of a person after human remains were found inside a car discovered submerged in Sims Bayou Thursday afternoon.
The discovery was made about 1:15 p.m. in the 4800 block of Scenic Drive, according to the Houston Police Department.
Police said crews in a police helicopter spotted the submerged vehicle Wednesday while investigating the case. HPD dive team members were called out to recover the submerged car Thursday morning.
Inside, they found a body believed to be that of a male.
Officials from the Harris County Institute of Forensic Sciences arrived at the scene later Thursday as the late-model Nissan Altima was pulled from the water Thursday.
Richard Martinez, spokesperson for HPD Homicide Division, said the vehicle is registered to a man listed in a May missing person report, however it has not been confirmed that the man in the car is the same person.
Family notification is pending, Martinez said.
Police say the car and the remains likely were not caused by May flooding and appear to have been in the bayou since prior to that.
Police said investigators are uncertain how the person died or where the car initially entered the bayou: the car may have entered the bayou elsewhere and been swept downstream by recent flooding.
Houston Chronicle reporter Dale Lezon contributed to the report.
Medieval Mosques Illuminated by Math
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of W. B. Denny/Science Courtesy of W. B. Denny/Science
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of W.B. Denny/Science Courtesy of W.B. Denny/Science
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of K. Dudley and M. Elliff/Science Courtesy of K. Dudley and M. Elliff/Science
Enlarge this image toggle caption Courtesy of Peter J. Lu/Science Courtesy of Peter J. Lu/Science
toggle caption Science
Historic buildings in the Islamic world are often covered with breathtakingly intricate geometric designs. Both artists and mathematicians have long puzzled over them, wondering how the patterns were created.
Now, a Harvard physicist has some new ideas about the designs and the advanced math behind them.
The research, conducted by Peter Lu of Harvard University and Paul Steinhardt of Princeton University, appears in the journal Science.
Several years ago in Uzbekistan, Lu came across a beautiful geometric design on the wall of a madrassa.
The blue design with 10-pointed stars reminded Lu, a physics graduate student, of something they had studied in school – a strange crystal structure that was first described 30 years ago.
Lu wondered, could Islamic artists have known about this weird geometry, 500 years earlier? To find out, they consulted a rare 15th century scroll – an instruction manual of sorts – for medieval artists, who carefully guarded their secret techniques. The scroll's panels show the bare outlines of different patterns.
"Looking through these panels," Lu says, "I saw a bunch of five-fold pentagons, 10-fold stars."
Lu saw that, in addition to the black outlines, there were some faint red marks in five shapes. They realized they were basic building blocks, templates used by the artists.
Lu describes the templates as a set of "universal puzzle pieces." They think they may have been assembled to build different types of tile patterns.
Once artists had these building blocks, Lu says, they could start drawing increasingly sophisticated patterns. In at least one case, the artists generated the kind of advanced mathematical pattern they had remembered studying in school.
The pattern appears over an archway at the Darb-i Imam shrine in Iran. There are silver stars surrounded by black and gold shapes. In their study, Lu shows that the pattern has all the hallmarks of what mathematicians call a quasicrystal.
Paul Steinhardt is a physicist at Princeton University who worked with Lu. They coined the term quasicrystal two decades ago.
When some people first look at a quasicrystal pattern, Steinhardt says, they immediately notice repeating motifs. These people assume the pattern is repeating in a regular way, like the tiles on a bathroom floor. Others see that the pattern repeats but not in a regular way, and they assume that it is random.
In fact, the pattern isn't random. Steinhardt says if you do the math, you see that it all fits together in predictable way. But intuitively, it's hard for some people to see.
"It is hard to picture," they say, "and it's hard for humans to process these patterns and interpret them."
Which raises the question of whether the medieval artists really understood the math behind their creation.
Some scientists are skeptical. Craig Kaplan, a computer scientist who studies star patterns made by Islamic architects, says that it has not yet been proven that medieval artisans understood the mathematics of their intricate designs.
"That is a much stronger claim and that would be much more difficult to establish," they say. "We know that they were good mathematicians, we know that they studied Euclid, but we don't know exactly how they worked."
Today's scientists are still trying to figure out the secrets hidden in these geometric patterns. Kaplan says they are so appealing and mysterious that researchers will keep trying to unravel them, using all of the modern tools at their disposal.
Fox is teaming with Warner Bros. Television to create newspaper the "Gotham Chronicle" while San Diego Mayor Kevin L. Faulconer is set to kick off the event with a ride on the Gotham zip line.
Fox and Warner Bros. Television are giving their Batman-themed drama Gotham the full-court press at this week's San Diego Comic-Con.
In addition to Saturday night's world-premiere screening of the James Gordon origin story as part of WBTV/DC Entertainment's three-hour extravaganza, the network and studio are enlisting San Diego Mayor Kevin L. Faulconer to kick off the annual event in front of its Gotham-themed zip line Thursday. The ceremony will conclude with the official taking a ride on the zip line.
PHOTOS Fox's 'Gotham': Meet the Characters From Batman Prequel
The marketing push also will see Gotham-branded "police" cars working with personal shuttle service Uber. Registered users will be able to order a Gotham PD car for free rides by selecting the show-themed vehicle on Uber's "slider." Inside the cars, passengers will get a sneak preview of special Gotham content. New users can enter GOTHAMPD for a free ride up to $30. Beyond Uber, there will be 12 wrapped trolleys running through Aug. 24, more than 60 taxi cabs branded with Gotham and Fox's Sleepy Hollow.
"When we are in the exploration phase, we always come at these stunts from a fan perspective and try to think of ideas that we all would find engaging, exciting, cool and fun," Fox exec vp marketing and communications Shannon Ryan tells THR. "With Gotham, we felt that the city is such an important character within the show that it would great if we could build out an experience that could immerse fans in that fascinating world — and the urban zip line was the perfect way to deliver on that. For the Uber promotion, we know everyone at Comic-Con is looking for ways to get around all the events in San Diego and thought there was no cooler way for fans to be able to show up to panels and parties than in a Gotham City police car — for free."
Fox will also distribute 5,000 Gotham Chronicle newspapers to fans on the ground at the convention (see the first issue above). Taking the news hook one step further, the network will launch a website where fans can keep up to date with breaking news, culture and entertainment stories set in the fictional world of Gotham with GothamChronicle.com. On top of all that, there will be 100,000 lenticular tags on lanyards distributed both on the street and at the Fox Comic-Con booth.
STORY Comic-Con: 'Gotham' EP on Gordon's Origin Story and Lessons From Other Genre Shows
"Comic-Con is a very important piece of the marketing campaign for a show like Gotham," Ryan says. "It really is the perfect opportunity to make that direct connection with those important fans, start to create that conversation with them and build that buzz around the show as we head into the final stretch before the September launch."
Email: Lesley.Goldberg@THR.com
Twitter: @Snoodit
World
Iraq Intel Report: US Planes Supplying ISIL with Weapons, Foodstuff
TEHRAN (FNA)- Iraqi intelligence sources disclosed that US military planes have been supplying the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant Takfiri terrorists with weapons and foodstuff under the guise of air raids on militants' positions.
The Iraqi forces have found out that the US aircraft usually airdrop arms and food cargoes for ISIL militants who collect them on the ground, Asia news agency quoted Iraqi army's intelligence officers as saying.
"The Iraqi intelligence sources reiterated that the US military planes have airdropped several aid cargoes for ISIL terrorists to help them resist the siege laid by the Iraqi army, security and popular forces," added the report.
On Saturday, Iraqi security sources disclosed that the ISIL terrorist group is using the state-of-the-art weapons which are only manufactured by the US and each of their bullets are worth thousands of dollars.
"What is important is that the US sends these weapons to only those that cooperate with the Pentagon and this indicates that the US plays a role in arming the ISIL," an Iraqi security source told FNA.
The source noted that the most important advantage of the US-made weapons used by the ISIL is that "these bullets pierce armored vehicles and kill the people inside the vehicle".
They said each of such bullets is worth $2,000, and added, "These weapons have killed many Iraqi military and volunteer forces so far."
The crisis in Iraq escalated after the ISIL militants took control of Mosul in a lightning advance on June 10, which was followed by the fall of Tikrit, located 140 kilometers (87 miles) Northwest of the capital, Baghdad.
Soldiers of the Iraqi army, popular forces and Kurdish Pishmarga troops have been engaged in heavy fighting with the militants on different fronts and have so far been able to push them back in several areas.
BSC - BA - B.Ed - LLB - BBA - SSE -SDE-CUCBCSS - B.Com - B.Tech - CCSSUG - Medical - Diploma? University has recently announced results for particular categories in the March 2017 and Upcoming BSC - BA - B.Ed - LLB - BBA will be Calicut University 1st Year Results: Are you Looking for Calicut University 1st Year Results 2016 - 2017 for the Branches? University has recently announced results for particular categories in the March 2017 and Upcoming Calicut University Results forwill be declaring the 4th week of March 2017 . Candidates now can check their individual result using enroll id registered at the portal.
10 lakhs of students from the above-mentioned branches appeared for the qualifying examination for the academic year 2016-2017. As per evaluation report, the performance of the student for the batch 2016-17 was not up to as predicted by Calicut university. Becuase, the pass percentage comparatively lowered for each mentioned branch under Calicut university board for this year. In order to check There are around 10 lakhs of candidates appeared for the basic university examination under the board of Calicut each year. This year more thanfrom the above-mentioned branches appeared for the qualifying examination for the academic year 2016-2017. As per evaluation report, the performance of the student for the batch 2016-17 was not up to as predicted by. Becuase, the pass percentage comparatively lowered for each mentioned branch under Calicut university board for this year. In order to check Calicut university semester wise result for the same, the candidate must enroll their id registered for the Calicut university examination 2016-2017.
Check out the Result Details for the Regular Batch as Follows:
Calicut University 1st Year BSC Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year BA Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year B.Ed Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year LLB Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year BBA Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year SSE Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year CUCBCSS Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year SDE Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year B.Com Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year B.Tech Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year CCSSUG Results 2016-17 - Announced
Calicut University 1st Year Medical Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year Diploma Results 2016-17 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year B.Arch Results 2016-17 - Announced 2016-17 - Announced
The Board has pointed that, usually Odd semester pass percentage for each student under their Calicut university maintains maximum pass percentage and cent percentage all the year. For the batch, 2016-2017 performance becomes lowered while comparing with previous year Odd batches. However, it is reported that a very few number of colleges reported and mentioned with Difficulties in the examination for certain branches for this academic year.
Check out the Result Details for the Supplementary Batch as Follows:
Calicut University 1st Year BSC Supplementary Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year BA Supplementary Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year B.Ed Supplementary Results 2016-17
2016-17 - Announced Calicut University 1st Year LLB Supplementary Results2016-17 - Announced
- Announced Calicut University 1st Year BBA Supplementary Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year SSE Supplementary Results 2016-17
- Announced Calicut University 1st Year CUCBCSS Supplementary Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year SDE Supplementary Results
- Announced Calicut University 1st Year B.Com Supplementary Results 2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year B.Tech Supplementary Results 2016-17 - Announced
Calicut University 1st Year CCSSUG Supplementary Results 2016-17 - Announced
Calicut University 1st Year Medical Supplementary Results 2016-17 - Announced
Calicut University 1st Year BAMS Supplementary Results 2016-17 - Announced Supplementary2016-17 - Announced
Calicut University 1st Year Diploma Supplementary Results 2016-17 Supplementary2016-17
Calicut University 1st Year B.Arch Supplementary Results 2016-17 - Announced Supplementary2016-17 - Announced
Valuation Reports as Pass Percentage Reported:
Courses Boys Girls BSC 82.47% 71.28% BA 71.4% 63.67% B.Ed 83.1% 72.14% LLB 77.15% 90.18% BBA 68.42% 76.19% SSE 68..96% 88.14% CUCBCSS 85.12% 68.18% SDE 75.63% 77.15% B.Com 72.14% 76.19% B.Tech 67.47% 74.16% CCSSUG 72.47% 91.02% Medical 86.67% 83.14% BAMS 80.47% 82.27% Diploma 73.38% 78.98% B.Arch 69.63% 71.24%
As per the report, the above table shows the pre- report of the academic year 2016-17 1st year Calicut university results pass percentage attained by candidates in respective to courses applied before the Calicut university for the same year as mentioned.
The refinement marks will be tallied for combined certificates for each candidate who gains for the academic year wise. However, it will not reflect in the semester reports. If any of the candidates happened to see under the university of Calicut with the reflection in refinement marks achievements, please be report it directly to the Calicut university
Let's see. I have just started the blog a few minutes ago, written a pretty blah first post and noticed that the whole blog seemed rather sluggish on one occasion. Why? To find out, I used some common web page speed testing tools.
The insights I gained from those tools were, for lack of a better word, shocking.
First I tested the page with www.webpagetest.org. Just typed in the URL and clicked the button to test the site. Within a few seconds the results appeared. Here are some juicy snippets:
Ok.. the thing called ‘First Byte Time' seemed rather bad. ‘Cache static content' is worse, but as I'm writing this on a free hosted blog on wordpress.com, I don't think I can do much about that. Let's investigate the first stat further.
Uh… what? This puny blog with almost no content on it takes a whole friggin' MEGABYTE to load the first time? I'm at a loss of words. Can you say ‘bloat'?
To show you the next section, called ‘Waterfall' by the tool, I needed a way to show you a part of the site which spans an area greater than the one visible onscreen. I needed a web page screenshot tool. I asked Google to find one for firefox, and voila, it took me to the addon FireShot. On the subject of bloat… the addon is over 2.3mb. OK, it has some fancy stuff like PDF screenshots, so I guess I can overlook it. But for what I wanted to use, I guess I could do with a leaner addon. My fault for being lazy and not searching extensively. Ah well, time to restart Firefox to use the addon (a grand tradition since the olden days). Just more hassle for me. I may be ranting here, but we're practically living in the future (it's the 21st Century!) and I have to restart my virtual window to the internet so that it can load a program that can take a picture of said virtual window so that I can post it in the internet. Why can't it be seamless? I guess that's a problem the near future will need to solve, among many others.
Anyway, here's a screenshot of the ‘Waterfall' section:
Basically, it shows that the most time wasted on page loading is some font called ‘Source Sans Pro' from Google's servers. Each request to fetch that took about 1000+ ms. I have nothing against the font. I'm sure it's nice. But it's not nice to waste that much time loading a font! It's not like the average computer doesn't have any decent default fonts installed these days. WordPress also loads another font from their servers for this theme. Also, the social media widget loads social media stuff from EACH of the respective buttons, and that takes rather a lot of time.
So, now I have some raw data, I have some ideas how to optimize the blog without touching the theme css itself. The next post will elaborate on those ideas and their results.
Arrowhead and Paradox are a cheeky bunch. Magicka's irreverence became infamous in the moment they announced DLC for a fantasy magic game themed around the Vietnam War. Their cheeky approach has continued, after they learned a while back that the Paradox booth at E3 would be immediately next to Bethesda's megabooth. The result? See below for the full version.
The poster was their first intention. That was what Paradox thought they could get away with, having rejected the idea of adding on a slogan saying they'd have twice as many dragons as Skyrim. (Their not having any dragons at all slightly put the kibosh on that claim.). Arrowhead slightly misinterpreted things, and as a result there's now to be a brand-new free DLC item for Magicka: a dragon born wizard robe. It'll be given away free in the near future.
So here's the Skyrim poster:
And here's Arrowhead's version:
Check out that slogan. You can click on them each for a larger version. The two will be right next to each other at E3, at least until Bethesda's henchmen show up.
The other big Magicka news this week is that in two weeks there's to be another free update, adding PvP to the game. Which is good, too.
Americans now more than ever believe the nation is divided on the most important issues, a poll released Monday shows.
ADVERTISEMENT
The new Gallup poll shows 77 percent of Americans think the U.S. is divided after a contentious presidential campaign, while only 21 percent believe it is united and in agreement.
That is a new high for the Gallup survey. Over the past 20 years, the public has tended to perceive the nation as being more divided than united, apart from two surveys taken after the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks.
The new poll shows that Republicans are less likely to believe the U.S. is divided, while Democrats are more likely to think so.
While 68 percent of Republicans see the nation as divided, 83 percent of Democrats think it is.
Gallup notes that trend is consistent with polls conducted after the presidential elections in 2004 and 2012, when the winning party's supporters were less likely to perceive the nation as divided.
The new poll also shows Americans are split almost evenly on whether they think President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE will unite or divide the country.
While 45 percent say Trump will unite the country, 49 percent say they will do more to divide it.
These views fall along party lines, with 88 percent of Republicans saying Trump will do more to unite the country and 81 percent of Democrats saying they will divide it.
The poll was conducted from Nov. 9 to 13 among 1,019 adults aged 18 and older and has a margin of error of 4 percentage points.
Marine Le Pen, leader of France's far-right National Front, and their niece Marion Maréchal-Le Pen, a member of the French Parliament, attend a ceremony last month to pay tribute to the victims of the July terrorist attack in Nice, France. (Sebastien Nogier/European Pressphoto Agency)
Marion Maréchal-Le Pen — a rising star in France's far-right National Front and the niece of the party's leader, Marine Le Pen — wrote on Twitter on Saturday that representatives of President-elect Donald Trump had invited them to “work together.”
Le Pen, 26, became the youngest member of France's Parliament in 2012. They were elected to represent Vaucluse, a region in southern France with heavy ties to the National Front, a party founded by their grandfather, the 88-year-old Jean-Marie Le Pen. They once referred to the Nazi concentration camps as a “detail of history.”
Je réponds oui à l'invitation de Stephen Bannon, directeur de la campagne #Trump, à travailler ensemble. https://t.co/tPSoY5A2vS — Marion Le Pen (@Marion_M_Le_Pen) November 12, 2016
“I answer yes to the invitation of Stephen Bannon, CEO of @realDonaldTrump presidential campaign, to work together,” Marion Maréchal-Le Pen tweeted.
Bannon — the former executive chairperson of Breitbart News Network with ties to the so-called alt-right — is rumored to be among the possible candidates for Trump's chief of staff.
[Can Trump's win boost France's far-right National Front leader Marine Le Pen?]
Them tweet reflected a highly unusual phenomenon: an American president-elect seeking to forge relationships with ultranationalist and populist factions overseas that are often sharply critical of their countries' governments. It also raised the question of whether Trump and their representatives have been reaching out to foreign populist parties before first reaching out to foreign heads of state.
Also on Saturday, Nigel Farage, the interim leader of the U.K. Independence Party (UKIP), was seen at Trump Tower in New York. The principal architect of June's “Brexit” vote — in which Britain shocked the world by voting to leave the European Union — may have been the first British politician to meet America's newly elected president.
British Prime Minister Theresa May was the 11th foreign head of state that Trump called after their victory, causing British media to speculate whether their place in line had constituted a snub. But Trump called May before they called French President François Hollande, who in the months before the election was a particularly outspoken critic of the billionaire real estate developer and their rhetoric.
[Moscow had contacts with Trump team during campaign, Russian diplomat says]
Trump's relations with foreign politicians have been an issue in the campaign. In a statement last week, Russian Deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov said that Kremlin officials had been in contact with members of Trump's campaign before the election, prompting further questions about the nature and extent of the relationship between Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.
In Europe, France's National Front is chief among the many right-wing parties whose commitment to ethno-nationalism and whose distaste for an American-anchored world order has found a natural ally in Putin's Russia. In 2014, Marine Le Pen accepted a $9.8 million loan from the Moscow-based First Czech-Russian Bank, insisting that French banks would not lend to them In February, the National Front's treasurer confirmed reports in French media that the party would appeal to Russia again for an additional $29.3 million if French banks continue refusing its requests. The money would be used for the party's campaign in the French presidential elections next spring.
After the Brexit vote and Trump's victory, observers around the world are wondering whether Le Pen will be the third chapter in a global populist revolt. Although experts still say their chances at winning the presidency are unlikely, their popularity has continued to rise because of frequent terrorist attacks and Europe's ongoing migration crisis.
A 10-year-old Afghan girl who was raped by a mullah in northern Afghanistan is at the risk of honor killing.
According to reports, the family of the young rape victim is under the pressure by village elders, who are insisting to kill the girl because “she had brought shame to them.”
The girl was reportedly protected in a women's shelter in Kunduz province but was returned to their family on Tuesday.
According to an official indictment, the rape was so brutal and had nearly died because treatment as delayed.
They had suffered a break in the wall between the vagina and rectum, the New York Times reported.
In the meantime, the 45-year-old Mullah has claimed that the girl had promised to marry them and rejected that they are 10-year-old.
The mullah has claimed that the girl was 17-year-old, but the mother of the victim has said they were only 10-year-old.
Hospital records indicate the child weighed just 40 pounds and had yet to start menstruating.
I've always thought of competitive K-stimuli as arising from the aggressive in a population, but they can come from r-strategists acting out, and trying to irritate everyone as the collapse approaches to assuage their own insecurity. A French doctor calls for immigrants to rape conservative women so as to impregnate them with non-white children, and thus eliminate the evil white race:
Their article titled “Impregnate the female of the National Front” says this: “Right wing women do not appear less mammal than other women, even if they have a bigger than average reptilian brain . As any woman, it is subject to hormonal moods. With a feature that ethnology confirms to us : they get especially wet for rough men.” “These female FN sympathizers certainly offer us means to beat them. As each right-wing female appreciates the military and the macho, loathes feminist ideas, let's play their game: Let's take them at their own game, let's take them and fuck her.” “Since they give us the recipes for crossbreeding their pale race, use it against them side. Let's sexually overcome these stupid right wing females, for the survival of a smiling humanity. Because they are stupid and easily tricked, like game going to the hunter, things should be easier. Let's create a curly descent (not German mind you!) let's curlify this “other-hating”, frightened France.” “Refusing the advances of family planning, every pregnancy will result in a little half-breed or a mongrel, an artist that tomorrow they will eventually like.” “Blacks, Negroes, gooks, Jews, leftists, gypsies, disabled, Freemasons and even my gay friends, in solidarity: bring up your hard dicks! Let our consciences sleep under the pillow, and jump on the right-wing pussies offered (unfortunately sometimes pretty!) Hail to a vast altruistic copulation. Provide multicolored descendants to the sinking country of France.”
This is a good example of an amygdala trigger that can ignite violence, outside the realm of logic. I always felt logically that r/K was what was important, and that race was meaningless except as it relates to r/K, so I am a suboptimal target for this. And yet, this triggers deep emotional threat circuits in my brain. Made even more interesting is that I should logically want to vent my rage on this white leftist, yet I come away from it with a subconscious perception that the enemy is the non-whites they describe attacking conservative women. That is not by accident. Notice that they wrote it from the fictional perspective of a non-white seeking to rape white women and stick them with babies of the rapists.  They are trying to elicit race hatred for minorities among the right, by pretending to be non-white, and then saying all of this enraging material.
It is almost a subconscious shift of the rage they elicit. If he, the fictional non-white leftist wants to attack innocent women with an eye to eliminating people like me, I feel an instinctive reflex to fight back violently – but against the non-whites which you subconsciously see as posing the threat. It is very cleverly crafted.
This is a rabbit with an uncanny skill for pitting different people in a game of “Let's you and them fight,” and they are not the least bit ashamed to pretend to be a non-white in doing it.
Add in the coarseness, the descriptions of aggression and violence towards “our” in-grouped conservative women, the “punchable shitlib” tone of the piece, and the idea of creating lots of fatherless children of rapists and dysfunctional families and it actually hits the amygdala from multiple angles in the background, amping it up in other ways beyond the primary attack angle, magnifying the final effect. By the end of it you want to start the race war to get it over with. Only secondary, if at all, is the idea of walking this guy bound and tied to the edge of the resultant mass grave, and dropping them to their knees in preparation for the coup de grace, but even then it is a mental image of one of the non-white rapists they describe.
This call to action is worth much further scrutiny, made with an eye to gaining control over one's own brain function, as well as the brain function of the idiot masses we wish to manipulate, to avert the destruction the left is so ardently trying to bring about. This is the cleverness we face, and why this rabbit problem persists. After the enraged whites killed all the immigrants, this guy would come out of a hole to find no more immigrants, and a whole lot fewer of us to compete with.
If we see more of these types of amygdala hacking calls from the left, expect the left to produce the race war that the white race warriors have been unable to produce as of yet. Ironically it will probably be good for them, as all the rage we should be focusing on them will have to be expended expelling the foreigners they imported. Again, that is by design. The rabbits are trying to get other people to kill us.
Apocalypse cometh™
NEW YORK — Fox News anchor Shepard Smith used several minutes of their show Wednesday to calm the Ebola fears of people who listen to the “hysterical voices on the radio and the television or read the fear-provoking words online.”
“We do not have an outbreak of Ebola in the United States. Nowhere.” – Shepard Smith “We do not have an outbreak of Ebola in the United States. Nowhere,” Smith said. “We do have two healthcare workers who contracted the disease from a dying man. They are isolated. There is no information to suggest that the virus has spread to anyone in the general population in America. Not one person in the general population in the United States.”
Smith said should the situation change, their reporting on the situation would change. They also injected the notion that politics has played a role in the way Ebola has been handled in this country.
“With midterm elections coming, the party in charge needs to appear to be effectively leading,” they said. “The party out of power needs to show that there is a lack of leadership.”
Does Smith's message ease your fears or are you still concerned about what's happening with Ebola? Email the newsroom to share your opinion.
SHARE this story with your friends on Facebook.
Last week, the upcoming documentary film team behind 'Sirius' released an announcement about the scientific study of a DNA sequenced humanoid of unknown classification, known as the 'Atacama Humanoid.'
The announcement went viral immediately, quickly becoming the most popular story on the Huffington Post for three days, generating 4,300 comments, 32,000 FB 'Likes' and additional coverage by various other news agencies. The film's trailer on YouTube, has now generated a combined 1.1 million views. In response to the numerous questions raised by the film's trailer release, Dr. Steven Greer and the team behind 'Sirius' are now revealing more details about the results of the scientific studies that are documented in the film.
A DNA sample from bone marrow extracted from the specimen, was prepared, sequenced, and analyzed by a top research scientist at a prestigious American university. For security purposes, 'Sirius' has withheld details on the university and researcher, but will be revealing both along with additional DNA analysis results from the 'Atacama Humanoid' on or before the release of 'Sirius' on the 22nd of April.
Today, the team has elected to share the following additional 'Atacama Humanoid' conclusive findings: 'Ata' was male and survived post-birth 6 to 8 years.
Speaking specifically to Internet controversy over 'Ata,'..While it's size led many to suggest that it was an aborted fetus, bone density and epiphyseal plate studies have already concluded that this creature survived post-birth 6 to 8 years.
There will be considerably more DNA analysis results information released to the public on 'Ata,' the 'Atacama Humanoid,' as the team is calling him, between today and the 22nd.
In addition to documenting this ongoing scientific study, 'Sirius' explores the subject of UFO and ET visitation, the disclosure of secret UFO files, and the investigation of advanced energy and propulsion technologies extraterrestrial civilizations are using to travel to Earth. Based on an abundance of evidence and credible witness testimony, gathered across two decades by physician and Disclosure Project founder Dr. Steven Greer, 'Sirius' reveals how and why these energy technologies are being suppressed in favor of maintaining the current petrochemical system.
'Sirius' takes the oft-ridiculed or misrepresented subject of UFOs and extraterrestrials and subjects it to an unprecedented level of scientific rigor, as evidenced by the credentials of the scientists behind the study of the 'Atacama Humanoid,' capable of spearheading the ground-breaking scientific revelation of a never-before classified intelligent species.
The 'Sirius' film premieres in Los Angeles at the prestigious Regal Premiere Cinema at LA Live on Earth Day and will be released online and in select theaters worldwide, starting April 22.
To view the most recent 'Sirius' trailer and for more information, visit:
http://www.SiriusDisclosure.com
http://www.Sirius.Neverendinglight.com
Mobile Devices Download the Blizzard Mobile Authenticator
To add a Blizzard Account Mobile Authenticator to this account, you must first download and install the application on your mobile device. The Blizzard Account Mobile Authenticator is not yet available in all regions. Please check with Blizzard Customer Support for more details.
Apple and the Apple logo are trademarks of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. App Store is a service mark of Apple Inc., registered in the U.S. and other countries. Google Play and the Google Play logo are trademarks of Google Inc. Use of these trademarks is subject to Google Permissions. Portions of this page are reproduced from work created and shared by Google and used according to terms described in the Creative Commons 3.0 Attribution License.
Posted by Chuck Corbin on May 28, 2012
While many people, including myself, love Diablo III, I can see that there are a few problems. From the Blacksmith, whose costs to train and build items seem to be too high for what you get out the item, to the fact that some builds are just plain not viable, this game does have a few problems. That's why I'm a bit excited by the fact that Blizzard posted a game design update to let us know that they're aware of some of the problems the game faces, and they're going to fix them.
Patch 1.0.2 is likely to be released sometime in the next week, according to Blizzard. They've said that we shouldn't expect to see any major changes with this patch, as it's mainly aimed at addressing service issues. So, boring, and perhaps even a little frustrating, but it's still much needed as some people still seem to be having problems maintaining a connection to the game. This patch should hopefully help with that little problem.
The next patch, 1.0.3, is going to be the first real big patch that Blizzard is doing for the game. That's the patch that Blizzard is planning on doing their first real game balance changes. Inferno difficulty seems to be suffering from two issues: one, there's too much damage “spikiness”, where a character is taking tons of damage at one time, and two, where there are only a few builds that seem to be viable. With this patch, expect to see some runes and skills changed to a level where more builds for characters will become viable, and the spikiness to drop off a bit, in favor of a more gradual health loss.
Blizzard also went into details about items, and what they mean. They state that Legendaries aren't necessarily meant to be the greatest items in the game, but rather they're just an additional item. Rare items have a possibility of rolling up the “perfect” stats that end up beating out an Legendary, and according to Blizzard that's by design. To keep people from showing “proof” of an imbalance between low-level Legendary items and high-level Magic items, Blizzard will be exposing the item levels of 60+ items in the 1.0.3 patch. And while Legendaries might not necessarily be the best items in the game, Blizzard does want to make them more, well, Legendary, by buffing Legendary items, most likely in the 1.1 patch. However, that buff will only apply to items made/discovered after the patch, so if you're holding a Legendary item in the hope that it'll be buffed later, you're not in luck.
The last big thing they talked about for patch 1.0.3 was the Blacksmithing and Jewelcrafting costs. Many people, including myself, have found the Blacksmith costs to be a bit prohibitive, especially when you consider that the items you get usually end up being useless to you anyway. Blizzard plans to adjust the costs for training (both gold and pages) and crafting from levels 1-59. Hopefully, this makes the Blacksmith a bit more useful, because as it is I just end up using the auction house for all my stuff. The Jewelcrafter is getting a bit of a makeover as well, as they're planning on changing the requirements on combining gems to go from 3 gems to 2, up to the Flawless Square. The levels after that will still likely need 3 gems.
Not many details were released about what to expect in patch 1.1, which is likely to be the first big content patch. The only detail of note, besides the Legendary buff, is that Blizzard intends for the 1.1 patch to be the PvP patch, where they will be adding the arena for PvP. Though they offered no hints on when patch 1.1 will be coming out, they did say that at some point they will be opening up a PTR (public test realm) where people will be able to try out the different changes. Overall, it looks like Blizzard has a lot on their plate, but I'm really looking forward to seeing some of these new changes!
Source
Netflix might not have known exactly what kind of money-making hit it had on its hands when Stranger Things debuted last summer, but it's now fully prepared to capitalize on the zeitgeist-grabbing series from Matt and Ross Duffer. As The Hollywood Reporter notes, the streaming service is gearing up for the holiday season with all kinds of merchandise, with sources indicating there are licensing deals with “Funko for collectibles, Trends International for posters and paper goods, McFarlane Toys for action figures and Hybrid Apparel for clothing.”
These toys and apparel will probably be modeled after the young cast—Finn Wolfhard, Millie Bobby Brown, Gaten Matarazzo, Caleb McLaughlin, and Noah Schnapp—who lend the series much of its appeal. But because “every time you have a show that relies so heavily on the charm of kids, you want to capture that,” a source tells THR that Netflix reportedly wanted to film seasons three and four back to back, to avoid the actors' awkward phases. The idea was shot down by the Duffer brothers, who pointed out it would put a terrible strain on the writers' wrists to crank out so many episodes under such tight time constraints. Besides, only a third season has been confirmed, while a fourth, if eventually ordered, will likely bring the series to an end.
Photos by Jaymi Heimbuch
This recipe was created exclusively to pair with the 2009 Late Harvest Mourvèdre from Cline Cellars. The wine has deep notes of espresso, dark chocolate and lush berries. It never feels heavy due to its surprise hint of eucalyptus. In fact, eucalyptus is present in all of Cline's Mourvèdre-based wines as their vineyard in Oakley, California is surrounded by eucalyptus trees. If you don't like dessert wines, try this one and get back to me. It's bound to change your mind.
Now, when you think of dessert, probably one of the last things you think of is black beans. It's right up there next to kale, I'm sure. This gluten-free recipe is the exception. It's light, almost souffle-like, and the raspberry sauce will have you going back for 3rds (2nds are a given!). You're just going to have to trust me. So make it, surprise yourself and your friends with a new way to experience black beans.
2 pints of raspberries
1/4 cup of sugar
1 tablespoon of lemon juice
1 pinch of lemon zest for garnish
1. Combine raspberries, sugar and lemon juice in a saucepan.
2. Cook over a medium-high heat until the raspberries break apart.
3. Strain through a chinois to remove the seeds.
4. Add back some of the raspberry seeds to the sauce for texture.
Black Bean Brownies
Photos by Jaymi Heimbuch
8 ounces bittersweet chocolate, chopped
1 stick unsalted butter
1 1/2 cup cooked black beans, well drained
1 tablespoon vanilla extract
1 tablespoon ground espresso beans (or any coffee bean)
1/4 teaspoon sea salt
6 large eggs, separated
1/2 cup granulated sugar
Confectioner's sugar for dusting
1. Over a low heat, melt the butter and then add the chocolate.
2. In a large bowl, mash the beans until smooth.
3. Add the vanilla, egg yolks, espresso, salt and sugar. Mix well.
Photos by Jaymi Heimbuch
4. Slowly stir in the chocolate-butter mixture as to not cook the egg yolk.
5. Beat the egg whites in a separate bowl until stiff.
6. Fold the egg whites into the chocolate mixture.
7. Pour the mixture into a small baking dish and bake for 25 minutes on 325 degrees.
8. Test with a toothpick for completeness.
Photos by Jaymi Heimbuch
After the brownies have cooled, dust with confectioner's sugar and serve with raspberries and sauce. Try to share.
Variations
Add 1 table spoon each of chili powder and nutmeg for a Mexican Mocha Brownie and replace the lemon juice in the raspberry sauce with lime.
To make fudge-style brownies, use 2 fewer eggs and 1/2 cup less black beans. Add 1/2 cup of chocolate chips to the finished batter and lightly mix before pouring it into the pan.
Visit TreeHugger's Green Wine Guide for more green wineries, recipes and virtual tours.
Follow the @GreenWineGuide or @JerryJamesStone on Twitter or fan us on Facebook.
On Monday, the Dennis Allen era officially began as they and their coaching staff had their first official work-day with the team and for 9 weeks Allen et al are going to begin installing the offensive and defensive systems and instilling in the men what the New-Era "Raider Way" will be. Now, you know what the very first order of business is going to be? The same thing EVERY Raider coach has said it will be in the past : correct the penalty problem.
You've heard it before in various forms and various ways. "We're going to get rid of the stupid penalties without losing our aggressiveness." "We have to fix the penalties." "We're going to be more disciplined." And that culminated in what? 2011 was historic, setting an all-time NFL record in both number of penalties and penalty yardage. Wow.
But there's always been an underlying, tacit (and sometimes not so tacit) thought that perhaps some of those penalties actually HELP the Raiders. "We're the Raiders, man. We do what we want. We intimidate." etc etc. But, really that era is long gone. The other quite vocalized commentary is that the NFL is explicitly picking on the Raiders. It's hard to be definitive about that, but i will say, It certainly FEELS that way sometimes.
Penalties are expensive. We know that. They can alter games. We've seen that. But how much do they affect a team? Can we track penalties across a season, looking for patterns and then extrapolate some data and come to some conclusions? I think we can and it should be an interesting little exercise especially considering 2011 is an All-Time "Great" year!
Let me preface this analysis by stating up-front that the results I'll be presenting are not meant to indicate what WOULD have happened, but rather to give an insight into the level to which the penalties have affected the defense. There are many factors that go into causality when penalties are involved and those are discounted when simple extrapolations are involved. That's understood. Still, I believe when we look at these numbers and see the drastic results in place, we get a more palpable feel for what penalties (and especially the penalty level of the 2011 Raiders) can do to a team.
My process was an involved one and admittedly a bit insane. I went back thru all 16 games of the 2011 season and tracked each penalty (while I logged and tracked both accepted and declined, mostly focusing on accepted penalties). I then organized them and analyzed them, in a sorted fashion and then in a more aggregate fashion. By looking at itemized penalties, you get a feel for whom, what, when. By aggregating, you get a larger-scale view (with the accompanying loss of specifics and precision).
Disclaimer : I did as much sanity checking as I was willing to do, but I'm sure that there are a couple of mistakes here or there (I have actually found a couple here and there and corrected them). So while it shouldn't be taken as definitive, I believe it to be pretty close.
Anyway, here are the numbers. The full analysis is on my blog in two separate posts [general penalties link ] [defensive link] but I'll present the major points here:
Penalty Count By Game:
Week Opponent Penalties Yardage 1 Broncos 15 131 2 Bills 8 85 3 Jets 7 55 4 Patriots 9 85 5 Texans 11 89 6 Browns 5 35 7 Chiefs 14 120 9 Broncos 15 130 10 Chargers 7 45 11 Vikings 12 117 12 Bears 6 44 13 Dolphins 10 91 14 Packers 11 89 15 Lions 10 86 16 Chiefs 15 92 17 Chargers 8 64
Penalty Count by Player :
Player Penalties Yardage Routt, Stanford 17 167 Seymour, Richard 11 95 Veldheer, Jared 11 89 Barnes, Khalif 11 70 Kelly, Tommy 7 45 Houston, Lamar 7 43 Lechler, Shane* 6* 30* Curry, Aaron 5 65 Van Dyke, Demarcus 5 54 Satele, Samson 5 47 Wisniewski, Stefen 5 45 Mitchell, Mike 4 50 Johnson, Chris 4 40 Jones, Taiwan 4 35 Bryant, Desmond 3 35 Carlisle, Cooper 3 35 McClain, Rolando 3 25 Wimbley, Kamerion 3 25 Blackstock, Daryl 3 23 Palmer, Carson 3 20 Sheppard, Lito 3 17 Boss, Kevin 3 15 Heyer, Stephon 3 15 Branch, Tyvon 2 27 Groves, Quentin 2 20 Moss, Jarvis 2 20 Gordon, Richard 2 15 Myers, Brandon 2 15 Boyd, Jerome 2 10 Ford, Jacoby 2 10 Porter, Joe 2 10 Giordano, Matt 1 15 Huff, Michael 1 15 Jackson, Hue 1 15 Shaughnessy, Matt 1 15 Hagan, Derek 1 10 Heyward-Bey, Darius 1 10 Schilens, Chaz 1 10 Cartwright, Rock 1 6 Ausberry, David 1 5 Chekwa, Chimdi 1 5 Defense, Raiders 1 5 McFadden, Darren 1 5 Moore, Denarius 1 5 Murphy, Louis 1 5 Offense, Raiders 1 5 Pryor, Terrelle 1 5 Scott, Trevor 1 5 Tonga, Manase 1 5
*5 of Shane Lechler's delay of games penalties were intentional
Penalty Count By Penalty :
General Penalty Type :
Penalty Type Penalties Yardage Blocking 7 59 Coaching 4 30 Defensive Backfield 32 291 Formation 5 25 Holding 31 277 Personal Foul 26 372 Pre-Snap 53 259 QB 1 10 Special Teams 2 20 WR 2 15
62 "Stupid Penalties" : 4 Coaching penalties, 5 Formation penalties, and 53 Presnap penalties (10 Delay of Game, 19 false starts, 24 offsides) for a total of 314 yards (excluding Lechler's 5 intentional Delays brings it down to 289 yards).
At least half of the Personal fouls (and probably more) are also of the stupid variety. That's about 75 for 500 yards of totally avoidable, useless penalties that really should be cleaned up. Penalties that Dennis Allen et al need to clean up. Obviously you don't want the other stuff, like the 38 penalties for Holding or Illegal Blocking, but that happens. The 32 defensive backfield penalties are brutal, but that's secondary (pun) to the nonsense penalties.
Individual Penalties:
Penalty Type Penalty Penalties Yardage Blocking Clipping 1 4 Blocking Illegal Block 3 30 Blocking Illegal Chop Block 1 15 Blocking Ineligible Downfield 2 10 Coaching 12 Men on the Field 2 10 Coaching Challenging Unchallengeable Play 1 15 Coaching Illegal Substitution 1 5 Defensive Backfield Defensive Holding 12 59 Defensive Backfield Illegal Contact 6 30 Defensive Backfield Illegal Use of Hands 2 15 Defensive Backfield Pass interference (Defense) 12 187 Formation Illegal Formation 3 15 Formation Illegal Motion 1 5 Formation Illegal Procedure 1 5 Holding Offensive Holding 31 277 Personal Foul Face Mask 4 57 Personal Foul 6 80 Personal Foul Roughing the Passer 5 75 Personal Foul Throwing a Left Jab 1 10 Personal Foul Unnecessary Roughness 8 120 Personal Foul Unsportsmanlike Conduct 2 30 Pre-Snap Delay of Game 10 50 Pre-Snap False Start 19 95 Pre-Snap Offsides 24 114 QB Illegal Grounding 1 10 Kicking Roughing the Kicker 1 15 Kicking Running into the Kicker 1 5 WR Illegal Touching 1 5 WR Pass Interference (Offense) 1 10
Penalty Count By Player And Penalty (detail) :
Player PenaltyName Penalties Yardage Ausberry, David Illegal Touching 1 5 Barnes, Khalif False Start 6 30 Barnes, Khalif Illegal Formation 1 5 Barnes, Khalif Illegal Substitution 1 5 Barnes, Khalif Offensive Holding 3 30 Blackstock, Daryl Illegal Block 1 10 Blackstock, Daryl Offensive Holding 1 8 Blackstock, Daryl Running into the Kicker 1 5 Boss, Kevin False Start 3 15 Boyd, Jerome Defensive Holding 1 5 Boyd, Jerome Personal Foul 1 5 Branch, Tyvon Face Mask 1 12 Branch, Tyvon Unnecessary Roughness 1 15 Bryant, Desmond Offsides 1 5 Bryant, Desmond Unnecessary Roughness 2 30 Carlisle, Cooper Illegal Chop Block 1 15 Carlisle, Cooper Offensive Holding 2 20 Cartwright, Rock Offensive Holding 1 6 Chekwa, Chimdi Illegal Contact 1 5 Curry, Aaron Offsides 1 5 Curry, Aaron Personal Foul 1 15 Curry, Aaron Unnecessary Roughness 2 30 Curry, Aaron Unsportsmanlike Conduct 1 15 Defense, Raiders 12 Men on the Field 1 5 Ford, Jacoby False Start 2 10 Giordano, Matt Personal Foul 1 15 Gordon, Richard Ineligible Downfield 1 5 Gordon, Richard Offensive Holding 1 10 Groves, Quentin Offsides 1 5 Groves, Quentin Roughing the Passer 1 15 Hagan, Derek Offensive Holding 1 10 Heyer, Stephon False Start 2 10 Heyer, Stephon Illegal Formation 1 5 Heyward-Bey, Darius Offensive Holding 1 10 Houston, Lamar Clipping 1 4 Houston, Lamar Delay of Game 1 5 Houston, Lamar Offensive Holding 1 5 Houston, Lamar Offsides 3 14 Houston, Lamar Personal Foul 1 15 Huff, Michael Face Mask 1 15 Jackson, Hue Challenging Unchallengeable Play 1 15 Johnson, Chris Defensive Holding 1 4 Johnson, Chris Illegal Contact 1 5 Johnson, Chris Pass interference (Defense) 2 31 Jones, Taiwan Illegal Motion 1 5 Jones, Taiwan Offensive Holding 1 10 Jones, Taiwan Offsides 1 5 Jones, Taiwan Roughing the Kicker 1 15 Kelly, Tommy Offsides 6 30 Kelly, Tommy Roughing the Passer 1 15 Lechler, Shane Delay of Game 6 30 McClain, Rolando Illegal Contact 2 10 McClain, Rolando Unnecessary Roughness 1 15 McFadden, Darren False Start 1 5 Mitchell, Mike Defensive Holding 1 5 Mitchell, Mike Defensive Holding 1 5 Mitchell, Mike Pass interference (Defense) 1 25 Mitchell, Mike Unnecessary Roughness 1 15 Moore, Denarius Illegal Formation 1 5 Moss, Jarvis Offsides 1 5 Moss, Jarvis Roughing the Passer 1 15 Murphy, Louis Delay of Game 1 5 Myers, Brandon Offensive Holding 1 10 Myers, Brandon Offsides 1 5 Offense, Raiders 12 Men on the Field 1 5 Palmer, Carson Delay of Game 2 10 Palmer, Carson Illegal Grounding 1 10 Porter, Joe Illegal Procedure 1 5 Porter, Joe Offsides 1 5 Pryor, Terrelle False Start 1 5 Routt, Stanford Defensive Holding 8 40 Routt, Stanford Illegal Use of Hands 1 5 Routt, Stanford Pass interference (Defense) 7 107 Routt, Stanford Personal Foul 1 15 Satele, Samson Illegal Use of Hands 1 10 Satele, Samson Offensive Holding 4 37 Schilens, Chaz Pass Interference (Offense) 1 10 Scott, Trevor Offsides 1 5 Seymour, Richard Face Mask 2 30 Seymour, Richard Offsides 6 25 Seymour, Richard Roughing the Passer 1 15 Seymour, Richard Throwing a Left Jab 1 10 Seymour, Richard Unnecessary Roughness 1 15 Shaughnessy, Matt Roughing the Passer 1 15 Sheppard, Lito Illegal Contact 2 10 Sheppard, Lito Pass interference (Defense) 1 7 Tonga, Manase False Start 1 5 Van Dyke, Demarcus Illegal Block 1 10 Van Dyke, Demarcus Offensive Holding 2 12 Van Dyke, Demarcus Pass interference (Defense) 1 17 Van Dyke, Demarcus Unsportsmanlike Conduct 1 15 Veldheer, Jared False Start 2 10 Veldheer, Jared Illegal Block 1 10 Veldheer, Jared Ineligible Downfield 1 5 Veldheer, Jared Offensive Holding 7 64 Wimbley, Kamerion Defensive Holding 1 5 Wimbley, Kamerion Offsides 1 5 Wimbley, Kamerion Personal Foul 1 15 Wisniewski, Stefen False Start 1 5 Wisniewski, Stefen Offensive Holding 4 40
Those are the raw numbers for the Penalties (as I counted them) from the 2011 season.
Now here's a look at the Defensive Side of the ball and some of the implications therein.
Results of Drives with at least one Penalty:
Drive Results With at least 1 Penalty:
Result of Drive Number of Drives Percentage Touchdown 24 41% Field Goal Attempt 14 24% Punt 11 19% Interception 6 10% Over on Downs 2 3% Fumble 1 2% End of Half 1 2%
These are the drives where the Raiders are on defense and the defense commits at least one accepted penalty. So, 24 drives with a penalty resulted in a TD for a 41% rate. So, on average, 4 times out of 10, when there's a penalty, the opposing team scored a touchdown. In addition, 14 times, the opposing team reached field goal range and attempted a FG for a 24% rate. That means that 65% of the time, a penalty resulted in a scoring chance for the opponent. In contrast, only 19% of the time did the Raiders defense hold the opponent to a punt. Let that sink in for a moment. 65% scoring rate. 19% punting rate. Ok, so how bad is that, really? To put that into context, let's take a look at Raiders defensive drives without penalties:
190 Total Defensive Drives
59 Defensive Drives with at least 1 penalty
131 Defensive Drives Without penalties
And then looking at the 131 defensive drives without penalties, we find:
Drive Results Without Penalties:
Drive Result Drives Percentage Punt 58 44% Touchdown 23 18% Field Goal Attempt 14 11% Interception 11 8% End of Half 10 8% Over on Downs 8 6% Fumble 6 5% Safety 1 1%
In drives without penalties, Raiders were forcing punts at a 44% rate, allowing TDs at 18% and FGAs at 11%! Huge difference. If you've managed to stay with me this long, we're almost there. We're getting a look at how badly the defensive penalties affected the team.
Here's a comparison of rates of punt/td/fga of drives with 0, 1, or 2 penalties :
Drive Result Rate comparison 0, 1, and 2 Penalties:
2 Penalties 1 Penalty No Penalties Touchdown 47% 39% 18% Field Goal Attempt 13% 29% 11% Punt 20% 20% 44%
That's a drastic change. Raiders go from surrendering scores 60%-70% of the time When they commit a penalty to below 30% of the time if they do not; they go from forcing punts only 20% of the time if they commit a penalty to 44% of the time if they do not. Those are basically REVERSED numbers!
Now here's the big Finale for you to take and do with what you'd like: In 2011, the Raiders Defense was 29th in points allowed with 433 points. For a moment, if we project out a full season with ZERO defensive penalties and use the No Penalties-rate (18%-11%-44%) for each of the 190 defensive drives in 2011, we get a total of 302 points surrendered for the year, an improvement of 131 points. That's more than a TD per game (8.2 points per game).
The 2011 Top 5 defenses in Point Allowed were:
1. Pittsburgh : 227
2. SF : 229
3. Baltimore : 266
4. Houston : 278
5. Cleveland : 307
The 302 points allowed would have place the Raiders FIFTH overall, just ahead of Cleveland and behind the 4 ELITE defenses in the NFL. 131 points difference is equivalent to almost 19 TDs. Seriously. As bad as the Raiders defense played at time and with all the problems with coordination, injuries, and just poor play, simply cleaning up the defensive penalties could potentially show a drastic improvement. Getting better defensive play along the way (hello, Mr Wheeler, Mr. Spencer, Mr Bartell,...) would also be a big contributor.
Here are the results from 2011:
Week 1 : (+3) Denver : W 23-20
Week 2 : (-3) Buffalo : L 35-38
Week 3 : (+10) Jets : W 34-24
Week 4 : (-12) Patriots : L 19-31
Week 5 : (+5) Texans : W 25-20
Week 6 : (+7) Browns : W 24-17
Week 7 : (-28) Chiefs : L 0-28
Week 9 : (-14) Denver : L 24-38
Week 10 : (+7) Chargers : W 24-17
Week 11 : (+6) Vikings : W 27-21
Week 12 : (+5) Bears : W 25-20
Week 13 : (-20) Dolphins : L 14-34
Week 14 : (-30) Packers : L 16-46
Week 15 : (-1) Lions : L 27-28
Week 16 : (+3) Chiefs : W 16-13
Week 17 : (-12) Chargers : L 26-38
Total : (-74) 359 PF - 433 PA
0 Penalty Projected : (+57) 359 PF - 302 PA
So, keep this in mind when we talk about getting the penalties squared away and what the Raiders' potential is. Raiders could surprise in 2012.
If you managed to get this far, thank you. If you tl;dr'd it, I don't really blame you, but maybe you'll finish this post and grok it over a few readings?
Despite Congressional pressure and lobbying from the home care and medical device industries, the Obama administration isn't backing off from plans to proceed with a program designed to save billions of dollars on everything from diabetes testing devices and wheelchairs for seniors.
The Obama administration implemented the “Competitive Bidding Program for Durable Medical Equipment, Prosthetics, Orthotics and Supplies,” as created by the Medicare Modernization Act of 2003 that was signed into law by then President George W. Bush. The program, which was supposed to launch in 2008 but Congressional delays prevented it from launching until 2011, is designed to weed out multiple companies selling the same thing at higher prices even though such products were not necessarily better.
Congress and the industry say the bidding process has been “mishandled” and the process lacks transparency, citing issues unrelated to cost-savings or quality such as “the improper vetting of the financial wherewithal of many firms that have been awarded contracts to service many bid areas far from their current base of operations,” according to a letter signed by more than 200 members of Congress, including former Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan, the House Budget Committee chairperson.
The battle has included intense lobbying on Capitol Hill, a blitz of advertisements from the medical device and home care industries and, lately, a lawsuit filed against the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services from the American Association for Homecare and medical equipment providers from Maryland and Tennessee.
But the industry earlier this week lost an effort to have a judge issue a temporary restraining order in a court ruling, meaning the second phase of the competitive bidding program – which the industry would like to see delayed until the end of the year – is moving ahead as planned on Monday, July 1.
But the industry still holds out hope the second phase can be derailed, citing bipartisan support of legislation soon to be introduced in the U.S. House and U.S. Senate.
“We want (Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services) to scrap its defective, poorly designed program and replace it with one that requires binding bids,” the American Association for Homecare said in a statement provided to Forbes.
The industry has been spending millions of dollars on lobbying and advertising such as an effort by Abbott Laboratories (ABT) to point out the benefits of its diabetes-testing products despite several on the market that perform the same service to seniors. Companies like Abbott, Johnson & Johnson (JNJ) stand to benefit financially if competitive bidding goes away.
But the Obama administration is standing firm saying the competitive bidding program, which was already signed off on by a bipartisan Congress, has “saved more than $400 million in its first two years of operation in only nine areas of the country without diminishing beneficiary access to quality equipment or resulting in negative health outcomes for beneficiaries,” said Jonathan Blum a deputy administrator at the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services in a guest opinion in Politico earlier this week.
Blum said the program is now expanding to more than 90 additional areas and will include a national mail-order program for diabetes testing supplies that will be more efficient.
The Obama administration also got a boost last week from a Washington Post editorial that essentially took members of Congress to task for the lip service they give to efforts to curb spending on the Medicare program.
Between 2000 and 2010, Medicare spent nearly $70 billion on “outdated – and inflated – DMEPOS reimbursement rates,” the Post editorial said, saying members of Congress are being hypocritical in their opposition to the competitive bidding program.
“Democratic signatories of the letter are questioning a key part of President Obama's health-care law, for which most of them voted,” The Post said. “The Republicans, many of them tea party backbenchers, are resisting a market-based alternative to government price-setting. Their proposed delay could add to the federal deficit.”
Microsoft has revealed that it is preparing to equip the second version of its HoloLens VR headset with its own AI processing capabilities to enable more features and services.
The firm said that it is customizing the current processor within the headset with an AI coprocessor that will allow HoloLens to analyze data without needing to use the cloud. That means faster processing times, and more mobility for the device since it won't always need to be online.
Microsoft is designing the silicon itself because it believes that is the only way to unlock future uses and services for both augmented reality and mixed reality. Speaking at Microsoft's Build event in May, CEO Satya Nadella gave a number of examples for future AI uses which include industrial working scenarios. Faster processing and greater mobility, just two benefits of a custom AI chip, could be critical factors in those scenarios.
“This is the kind of thinking you need if you're going to develop mixed reality devices that are themselves intelligent. Mixed reality and artificial intelligence represent the future of computing, and we're excited to be advancing this frontier,” Microsoft said of the chipset plans.
Microsoft isn't the only one creating its own chips. Google built its own AI processor to power bots while Apple is said to be secretly developing a dedicated chip for the iPhone. The other approach to unlocking future potential is to create lightweight neural networks which remove the strain from device processors as Google and Facebook are doing.
Quick and easy donut french fries topped with a maple glaze, chocolate sauce and bacon. Just like a maple bar donut but better! Plus it's totally acceptable to eat more than one!
This is one weekend where I wish I had Monday off. I am in stressville- lots to do at home and at the office. Friday started around 5am when I dropped my boyfriend off at the airport. My day ended at the office around 8:30pm. I hit Walmart on the way home to stock up on the weekend baking needs. I can only stand to go to Walmart at the most unnecessary hours of the day to avoid the crowds.
As soon as I got home, I was putting my groceries away and I knocked a jar of MNMs out of my cabinet. The jar shattered and there was glass and MnMs everywhere. I quickly worked to vacuum up all the debris and finished putting away my groceries. Mind you it was almost 10pm at that point. Apologies to my neighbors for all the noise!
I still had a couple hours of baking ahead of me to prepare for Saturday. I find that if I can bake on Thursday or Friday, it makes my Saturdays go much easier and I can get so much more done. I'm whisking and mixing and measuring. I was measuring some sugar and went to put the bag back on the counter, and it tipped over- ALL OVER my stove. It was like the higher powder trying to tell me to go to bed. There was no way that I was going to be able to clean this up very easily, so I hauled up the vacuum- again. At this point, I figured my neighbors probably hated me and I was expecting a knock at the door.
So I woke up Saturday morning and made donuts- Loaded Maple Bacon Donut Fries to be exact. I watched a recent episode of Donut Showdown and one of the bakers made a sweet version of poutine donuts and I knew I wanted to try something similar at home! I used the same brown butter maple glaze that I used on this Apple Pie Coffee Cake. Then I drizzled them with chocolate and crumbled bacon. These fries most closely represent a maple bar topped in bacon. These would be prefect for game day- say, the Superbowl perhaps? I mean, I don't care about the Superbowl because the Patriots lost and let's face it, I don't know a whole lot about Football. I do know that there's lots of food and beer. Sounds like a good time to me.
For these donut fries, I used Pillsbury Grand Biscuits and some thick cut bacon. I heated a bottle of oil on my stove top and used a candy thermometer to monitor the temperature. I took each biscuit and cut it into strips. Then you roll each strip thinner and thinner and drop it in the hot oil. The thinner the better because the biscuits will puff up when they are fried. Make a batch of brown butter maple glaze and drizzle chocolate on top. You won't be sorry, I promise. All I can say is that 3 or 4 biscuits is enough to serve 3-4 people because these are SO sweet. But again, it's worth it. Especially after you broke a jar full of MNMs and spilled sugar all over your stove.
Follow Beyond Frosting:
Facebook | Twitter | Pinterest | Instagram | Bloglovin | Google+
If you love no-bake recipes, be sure to check out my cookbook, No-Bake Treats!
Don't miss a thing, subscribe to get recipes delivered to your inbox!
Loaded Maple Bacon Donut Fries ★ ★ ★ ★ ★ 5 from 1 reviews Prep Time: Prep Time: 20 mins
Cook Time: Cook Time: 15 mins
Total Time: Total Time: 35 minutes
Yield: Yield: 4-8 Servings Print Recipe Pin Recipe Description Deep fried donuts with a brown butter maple glaze, bacon and chocolate sauce. Ingredients 1 Bottle Vegetable oil (48oz)
1 Pkg Bacon
1 Sleeve Pillsbury Grands Homestyle Biscuits (48oz) For the glaze 1 C Powdered sugar, sifted
1/4 C Unsalted butter, browned
2 tbsp Pure maple syrup
2 tbsp Milk
Hot Fudge sauce for drizzling Instructions In a medium sized pot, empty a full container of vegetable oil. Attach a candy thermometer to the size of the pot. Heat oil over medium heat until it reach 360-375° F. Turn your heat down slightly to prevent the oil from getting too hot. Use extreme caution, oil will be very hot. While oil is heating, preheat oven to 425°F. Line a baking sheet with tin foil. Make sure it is a baking sheet with raised edges. Spread bacon out over baking sheet and bake for 18-20 minutes until desired crispness. About halfway through, remove from oven and pour out excess oil. Caution, bacon and oil will be very hot! When bacon is done, put on a paper towel to absorb excess grease. When cooled, chop into small pieces. Set aside. Remove biscuits from container and cut into fourths lengthwise. With your hands, roll each cutting into a long string, about the thickness of a pencil. Cut in half if necessary. Once oil is heated, slowly drop biscuits into oil. Bake for about 20-30 second a side until golden brown. Remove with a pair of tongs and set on a paper towel lined plate to drain the excess oil. When finished deep frying, leave your candy thermometer in the oil until it is completely cooled. For the glaze Sift powered sugar. This step is necessary to create a smooth glaze. Melt butter in a saucepan. Once melted, continue to stir until butter turns a golden brown. Pour melted butter over powdered sugar. Add maple syrup and milk. Whisk until smooth. For a thicker glaze, add only 1 tablespoon of milk instead of two. Or add additional powered sugar. To make glaze thinner, add additional milk. I prefer to use a Hot fudge sauce (such as Hershey's or Smuckers) to drizzle over the fries. Heat fudge sauce in the microwave for 30-60 seconds until thin. To assemble the fries, please bottom layer of donut fries on the plate and drizzle maple glaze and chocolate syrup. Sprinkle with bacon. Repeat for as many layers as you want to make. Notes A whole canister of biscuits will serve a crowd. You may want to double the glaze recipe if you make the whole canister of biscuits at one time.
You might also like:
Chocolate Chip Cookie Dough Stuffed Donuts
Donut Dessert Nachos
Bacon Potato Chip Truffles
Maple Sugar Cookies
Maple Snickerdoodle Cookie Cups
The Monterey Historics car week is one of the world's great automotive events, and 2014 was a milestone year for Japanese classics. After all, seminal Nihon steel made strong showings at auctions, iconic Japanese cars raced at Laguna Seca, and Japanese automakers even held news-making unveilings there. All of that, however was merely a blink-and-you-missed-it blip on the larger radar of the traditional classic world.
Though there's a lot of non-Japanese content in this article, we think it's important to show some of our younger readers the larger scope of what goes on at an event like the Monterey Historics and how the J-tin figures into the big picture.
For 358 days out of the year Monterey is a sleepy little piece of land jutting into the Pacific and known mainly for its aquarium. Then for one crazy week in mid-August, the world's richest car collectors descend upon it like top hat-wearing locusts and the entire peninsula is overrun with exotics. Ferrari 458 Italias become as commonplace as Altimas, so ubiquitous that no one even gives them a second glance.
Our steed for the week was the flagshippiest car you can buy from a Japanese automaker today, a Lexus LS in tricked out F Sport trim. When the Lexus brand debuted, the idea of a $40,000 Japanese car was unfathomable. Now, 25 years later, we were driving around in an $87,000 Toyota while classic ones traded for over $1 million. Times have changed, but there's still a long way to go.
One of the keystone events of the Historics is The Quail, a gathering of rare classics and race cars. On the way there, a few miles out of Monterey, we tailed a bone stock and completely mint Lexus SC 400 for a bit, driven by a hotshoe lady who's probably owned it since new. It is widely regarded as one of the most beautiful Toyotas ever built, but we wondered if it would ever find a place inside the gates at a Monterey show.
The parking area of The Quail is located on what is normally the resort's golf course. The grass is softer and its fibers finer than the carpet in our own living rooms. We parked way in the back, but if we had known Lexuses were allowed to crash the Bentley Reserved Parking area, we would've saved ourselves a long walk.
Any car you could imagine was present at the Quail, as long as it didn't hail from Japan. Everything from a Porsche 906 to a 1970 Chrysler Barracuda originally raced in France was parked on the lawn, and there were enough old Formula One racers and 1950s Ferraris to fill a dozen museum galleries.
Our friends from the Petersen Automotive Museum in Los Angeles brought a one-off 1954 Plymouth Explorer Concept, resplendent in green and penned by Luigi Segre at the famous Italian design house Carrozzeria Ghia. It's a pity it was never produced, as it is even more stunning than Segre's most famous creation, the VW Karmann Ghia.
Though the show was smaller than Toyotafest, Every European automaker you can name, plus Infiniti and Lincoln, had a display in hopes of courting the well-heeled clientele. Porsche built a makeshift structure nicer than many luxury homes, while Bugatti showed off one of each Legends Edition Veyrons arranged in a six-car semicircle, $18 million's worth of VAG machinery.
In that elite company Nissan displayed the Infiniti Q50 Eau Rouge concept, a Skyline sedan with an R35 GT-R engine. The company swears it's going into production, but the date is unknown. They also showed a QX80, the SUV formerly known as the QX56, in a deep plum metallic reminiscent of the midnight purple R33s that once haunted Japan's expressways. To woo the one percent, Infiniti even distributed branded chocolates.
The only properly classic Japanese machine in all of this was a Honda bike, which wasn't even on display. It was being used to ferry supplies to and from a tent, probably because they couldn't get into the Bentley Reserved Parking area.
Now, Japanese classics have been shown at The Quail before, but they were all there on account of one man, Tom Knudsen. Tom showed their Honda S800 and Toyota 2000GT in previous years but this year we brought their hakosuka to the Rolex Motorsports Reunion instead, and without them there was no J-tin at The Quail.
There are Japanese classics in Monterey, but they're usually on outside looking in. While accompanying Tom to a gathering for Ferrari dealers that evening, we saw a beautiful Datsun 240Z relegated to a row of parallel parked cars outside the Quail Lodge. Turns out, it belonged to Jim Daniels whom we met over prancing horse hors d'oeuvres. The rims are ultra-light BBS racing wheels so rare that, according to Jim, even BBS USA couldn't believe they had found them.
A wrong turn in downtown Monterey led to a chance encounter with one of the finest BRE 510 replicas we'd ever laid eyes on. It was built from loads of NOS parts and looked exactly the part (We'll have an in-depth article on this car in the coming weeks). Like Jim's 240Z, these 510 would be a shoo-in for an award at JCCS, but there was no Monterey event that would host it.
You never know who you're going to run into at Monterey, and a chance encounter with Adam Carolla and their entourage led to an invite to a screening of Winning, Carolla's documentary about Paul Newman. They showed only about 15 minutes, but from what we saw it looked fantastic, with buckets of old Nissan racing footage. Outside the theater sat another Datsun 510, opposite a slick 1970 Mustang parked across the street.
Such is Monterey. An evening stroll turns up a stately British Jag wearing Japanese Riken Turbo wheels, a Hilux-based Chinook camper (there's a pretty good chance it was not part of the festivities), and the only NSX we saw all week, a gleaming chuuki specimen. Considering their affordable supercar appeal, their absence was surprising. Likewise, go to any typical Cars & Coffee meet and R35 GT-Rs will abound, but our informal tally noted far more Italian bulls than Godzillas, which had a grand total of one.
Outside the Gooding & Co. auctions a festively colored Honda Z600 mingled with Porsches and Range Rovers. We received quizzical looks while drooling over a kitted out, quasi-VIP Toyota Sienna on HRE 943Rs. Why the drool? Because a venue where multi-million dollar Maseratis trade hands like Van Goghs is the last place we expected to see something that stepped out of the pages of Wagonist.
The main event of the week, the one that started it all, was the Pebble Beach Concours D'Elegance. Translated from French, it means simply a “competition of elegance” and this particular one is considered one of the most prestigious car shows in the world. If you think the new JCCS rules are stiff, the PBCD'E's are — to steal a line from the great Armando Iannucci — harder than a diamond dildo.
Cars are judged on not only style, rarity and authenticity, but history as well. If a car is missing a period correct Magneti Marelli sparkplug or rocks an accessory belt from, God forbid, Pep Boys, then you might as well set it on fire in front of the judges. All cars must cross the award stage under its own power, and if you have trouble getting a 1970s Japanese car to run properly, imagine an Italian twice as old.
Since there is no parking at the Concours proper, spectators must first park at the beach of pebbles itself and catch a shuttle from the most scenic bus stop in the world.
The coach then drops you half a mile away so you can run a gauntlet of huge luxury car displays encompassing everything from McLaren to Cadillac. Unlike The Quail, there are no actual automaker booths inside the show, so forcing attendees to march through a village of pavilions is the only way to appease the automakers. Infiniti's presence could not be missed, as they had built a massive two-story dealership atop a pile of wood chips.
Lexus had a similarly impressive setup overlooking Carmel Bay. Keep in mind that the structures are temporary and will be taken down as soon as the show is over.
Lexus used the opportunity to debut their Crafted Line, which takes all the F Sport models and slathers them in Ultra White paint. Contrasting Obsidian highlights finish the exterior mirrors, door handles, wheels and grilles while interiors get flashes of red across normally black leather. The overall look evokes traditional Japanese art and minimalism rather well.
Once we arrived at the grounds, we were assaulted with even more manufacturer displays at what has come to be known as the Concept Car Lawn. The Toyota FT-1 Graphite was the sole Japanese car, and it took less than 30 seconds before we overheard someone saying, “It doesn't look like any Toyota I've ever seen.”
The PBCD'E is a strange place. The combined value of the machinery on display is more than some nations' GDPs, but the food stand's $8 hamburgers taste worse than a McDouble. To get the best seats some spectators arrive at 4:30am, a club that has informally been dubbed the Dawn Patrol. Some years ago, classic car insurance company Hagerty got the bright idea to arrive before sunrise to distribute free coffee and a limited supply of “Dawn Patrol” caps. It is amazing what lengths millionaires will go through to score a $10 hat.
Aside from Montgomery Burnses in golf pants, the field is flush with OMs, Ruxtons, Voisins, and a dozen other marques no one's heard of. These are intermixed with more commonly known nameplates like Rolls Royces and, this year, 18 Ferrari 250 Testa Rossas. Racing provenance is prized, as are coachbuilt one-offs, and the competition is fierce. To put the show in perspective, 2014 was only the second time a post-war car took the top award since the event began in 1950, and a first ever victory for a Ferrari.
The sole Japanese car was a brand new Infiniti Q50 that was raffled off by Shiro Nakamura. It was painful to see how hard Toyota and Nissan try to get a foot in the door, and the truth is they have no seat at the table.
It has nothing to do with rarity, price, quality, or even style. If Toyota had skinned a car like the Alfa Romeo Pinin Farina 6C 2500 Cabriolets or the 1964 Lancia Sport Prototipo Zagato, they'd be ridiculed incessantly. Change the badge and it's hailed as a hero.
With the right emblem comes all the history and pedigree accumulated over decades of engineering, motorsports, and design. Unfortunately, the heritage of Japanese cars is all but unknown to the Ralph Laurens of the world.
When the festivities were over we headed back to Laguna Seca to pick up Tom's car. It was then we realized that perhaps the Japanese car that made the most impact all week was the very Skyline we were going to pick up. And as we learned from the Nissan PR team, the hakosuka was quite the hit. It received more attention than anything else they had on display, including a brand new 595hp GT-R NISMO that's not in showrooms yet. Even a talk show host or something stopped by to check it out.
As we were leaving we ran into Jim Froula and their tribute to Motoharu Kurosawa's Works GT-R. The opportunity to photograph two hakosuka, one in street trim and one in race livery, on the hallowed tarmac of Mazda Raceway Laguna Seca proved too tempting to resist.
It's strange, though. A car like the GT-R should technically check all the boxes with the Monterey set. It's got a proven battle record, rarity, killer good looks, and even a modern supercar-killing successor. But few at Monterey knew of its existence prior to seeing one in the flesh, and even then it's easy to dismiss as “just a Nissan.” Really, the primary thing holding it back is an utter lack of awareness of Japanese motoring history.
The task of educating naysayers is not a small one, but we here at JNC hope we are doing our part. And as for the automakers, they can set up all the pop-up showrooms they want, but this is the kind of thing that will ultimately move new Nissans and Infinitis. It may look like an old Datsun, but a dab of heritage is worth mountains of branded chocolates.
For more coverage of the Monterey Historics, see Part 01 — Bringing a Skyline GT-R to the NISMO display, Part 02 — The Auctions, Part 03 — Rolex Motorsports Reunion, Part 04 — Running a vintage IMSA 240Z, and the Toyota FT-1 Graphite debut.
SAN DIEGO (KGTV) -- A short clip captured at The Q is going viral. But it's not the action on the gridiron that is creating a buzz -- in fact, there's now an investigation into the matter.
The worldwide web is abuzz about a viral video showing a San Diego Chargers security staffer purportedly being unnecessarily rough on himself.
The clip shows a young field crew member wearing a red jacket and black trousers standing in the back of the end zone watching the Chargers cheerleaders perform a routine. The camera then zooms in to capture what is being alleged by the fan who posted the video.
“Guard was openly masturbating RIGHT IN FRONT of us during the game, while watching the cheerleaders jump up and down!!! I can't believe this was allowed. Such a complete disregard for women's rights and public decency! I am truly horrified at this guard lack of respect for women's rights,” wrote lov_app on Instagram.
Team officials learned about the video on Monday night and has started an investigation.
“We're obviously concerned and taking it seriously,” said Bill Stetson, Chargers' Director of Security. “We're looking into it to determine exactly what happened, and if it happened, who is responsible.”
It's unclear when the video was recorded, but a 10News viewer sent us a tip about the incident so we began looking into it. The Chargers played at Qualcomm Stadium last Sunday against the Oakland Raiders.
Warning: Video may not be suitable for all audiences.
These are the days of the 50th anniversary of the Six-Day War , which many see primarily as the occupation festival. The Meretz faction decided to boycott a Knesset session, which—according to the faction's chairperson, Knesset Member Ilan Gilon—“blatantly and conspicuously ignores the occupation and the price it has claimed throughout the years in human life.”
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
This is the kind of claim I would expect to hear from MK Hanin Zoabi, not from Gilon. The occupation festival is being chanted—rightfully or not—almost incessantly. The 50th anniversary of the war is mainly an opportunity to remember that the war broke out because of annihilation plans, before there even was an occupation. And as for the price that has been paid in human life, I must say that every death is a tragedy, and I might also add that I doubt there is any other conflict that has claimed such a small price in human life.
Even a left-wing person like Gilon is capable of admitting these basic facts. And no, it does not contradict the battle waged by Gilon and others in favor of two states and/or against the current government's policy.
The distress experienced by Palestinian laborers is a fact, but the fact that the fence between Israel and the territories is the result of terror is being ignored (Photo: Reuters)
As part of the festival, the Associated Press published a story about the difficult life of Fuad Maraita of the West Bank town of Salfit, who is forced to wake up at 3:30 am every morning to get to work in Israel. The report received wide circulation and was also published in the New York Times.
The distress experienced by Palestinian laborers is a fact. But when the press, which is supposed to be decent, ignores the fact that the fence between Israel and the territories is the result of terror, when it ignores the fact that the strip's residents are distressed because Hamas prefers an industry of rockets and death over welfare and prosperity, when it ignores the fact that under Israel's rule the Palestinians have also experienced many improvements and changes for the better, and when the same report ignores the fact that the Palestinians have repeatedly turned down any proposal which would have given them a state—this is mainly misguidance.
The United Nations secretary-general joined the festival. In a statement marking the 50th anniversary of the Six-Day War, Antonio Guterres mentioned that the decision in 1947 was to establish two states, but only the Jewish one was founded. Why? After all, there was no occupation until 1967, yet the Arab state wasn't established. Since then, the Palestinians have been offered a state time and again and have always refused. So why the hell can't the UN chief tell the truth? Why is it so difficult?
All these biases—by Meretz, by the media and by the UN chief—aren't helping the Palestinians. They even contain some racism, because they are letting them off the hook. This is the way inferior natives are treated. This isn't the way to treat a community which could have founded a state, chosen construction and improved its fate a long time ago, but has instead become completely addicted to victimization. And Meretz, AP and Guterres are helping this great deception. This is not the way to advance a solution to the Palestinian problem. This is only the way to perpetuate it.
The monster of fanaticism
In honor of Hebrew Book Week and the publication of their new book, Amos Oz is complaining about fanaticism in Israel and blaming the Ashkenazim. That's interesting, because if we would ask an extreme rightist the same thing, they would say something very similar, only about Arabs.
At times, it seems that the fanaticism claims are the fanatic's escape. But Oz is no fanatic. Far from that. And their statement symbolizes the place that the Left, even the sane Left, has marched and is marching towards.  They are making a mountain out of a molehill. For years, part of the Left has been creating fake news on the deterioration of democracy, on the passion for killing civilians among IDF soldiers, on the political radicalization. The result is a fear of the monster of fanaticism.
This is nonsense. There are fanatical margins, both among Jews and among Israeli Arabs. Nothing more than margins. There is no proof that Israel is more fanatical today than it was, say, in the early 1980s. In the 1981 elections, a leftist was unable to enter Tel Aviv's Carmel Market.
Amos Oz. Insists on being part of the herd of cliché declaimers (Photo: Yuval Chen)
The claim that the Ashkenazim are fanatical and the Sephardim came from a tradition of moderation and good neighborly relations with the Arabs is a bit peculiar too. The Islamic countries' Jews were inferior and suffered from persecution and harassment, and the Ashkenazim didn't arrive with characteristics of fanaticism. It's kind of sad that Oz is trying to rewrite history.
 They are even rewriting the closer history. The Israeli public today is ready for much more political compromises than it was in the 1970s and 1980s. There is moderation, not radicalization. That applies to Israel's Arabs as well. They haven't become Zionists, but most of them are undergoing an Israelization process. Every year, there are more volunteers interested in doing national service. It's true that incidents like the ones that took place in Umm al-Hiran and in Kafr Qasim create an opposite impression. But in-depth surveys, both those conducted by the Israel Democracy Institute and those conducted by Prof. Sammy Smooha, reveal moderation and a desire to fit in.
These are the facts, but the herd of cliché declaimers about the end of democracy and about fanaticism won't let these facts confuse them. Oz, as a man of thought, could have said something a bit more serious, but they are insisting on being part of the herd. What a shame.
BALTIMORE (WJZ) — In an effort to improve transportation between the DC and Baltimore areas, the MARC train is expanding routes.
Tracey Leong explains.
Launching Monday, commuters will now have access to more locations and times, hopefully cutting down the roadway congestion.
Getting on track to move more passengers. The MARC Camden line is adding three new trains and an extra stop for their riders.
“Really excited the service has been expanded,” said one College Park student.
Pushing commuters to avoid the traffic nightmare.
“Fruition of an effort that had been going on for over 10 years to improve transportation in the Baltimore Washington corridor,” said Senator Jim Rosapepe.
And helping students and staff at the University of Maryland in College Park and Baltimore. By connecting the two campuses, it helps them fulfill a vision to become one of the top 20 college towns—and easily accessible transportation is a key factor.
“To give students the very best education possible without being constrained by where that education happens,” said University of Maryland President Jay Perman.
“I don't have a car here in Baltimore so when I need to get around, I do,” said Lisa Honig.
Honig, a graduate student, is on board with the adjustment.
“Get to College Park and get to Baltimore. I think both ways is great. I'm on the Baltimore campus; good to have a connection,” they said.
A change benefiting all riders.
“If I work in DC, definitely I am going to ride the train and that will be a good thing,” said Akwasi Owusu.
Moving commuters towards the future of transportation.
“Each step we make toward making it easier for people to move without getting in their cars and getting on the highway is the way to go,” said Delegate Eric Ebersole.
Over the next couple of weeks, the MARC line will be adding 54 new cars, including at least five double deckers.
The new stop from Union Station to Penn Station closes what was once a 90 minute gap for commuters.
PAX, W.Va. — Interest in West Virginia's haunted places is growing, says a Web developer whose guide to West Virginia ghosts is now ranked No. 1 for hauntings in the United States.
The increasing interest in spooky locales is likely a result of a hunger for the paranormal nationally as well as in-state efforts to market dark tourism, says Jonathan Moore, publisher of WVGhosts.com.
“Talk of hauntings in West Virginia picked up around 2004,” says Moore, who launched the expanding guide to ghosts in 1999.
“Folks would talk about hauntings before that, but their discussions were under the radar, so to speak. Television began to bring talk of ghosts into the mainstream, and soon afterward West Virginia was making news regularly.”
More than 1,500 users visit Moore's guide daily, contributing to the growing compendium of almost 500 stories of ghosts and other paranormal phenomena collected through submissions therein, Moore said.
The site is now ranked as No. 1 for haunted places in the United States by Alexa.com, the commercial web-traffic data analytics resource owned by Amazon.
Moore said they expect interest in the paranormal in the Mountain State to increase, largely as a result of more normal market trends, including increased interest in the state as a result of its accessibility and a longing for tales of home among displaced West Virginians.
“I think as more West Virginians leave to find employment beyond the mountains we'll continue to see more Web searches for all-things-West-Virginian and of news of home,” Moore says.
“I also think we'll see interest grow as the population of the eastern U.S. discovers us. The interest in West Virginia overall seems to be growing. Paranormal sites such as the penitentiary at Moundsville and asylum at Weston are only the tip of the iceberg.”
Moore said the WVGhosts.com will be opening its pages to providers of paranormal tours this spring and has also become a chief guide to Halloween celebrations in West Virginia.
Do you have a story of a West Virginia encounter you'd like to share? Submit here or call the W.Va. Ghosts Hotline at 304-896-WVSH.
Read more about West Virginia ghosts and hauntings
Following the news yesterday that Demonoid had been shut down by Ukrainian police, today brings further woes for the site. According to a source at the site's former webhost, the owners of Demonoid are now the subject of a criminal investigation and prosecution in Mexico after one of the site's admins was arrested there last year.
Confirmation came out of Ukraine yesterday that not only had Demonoid suffered a DDoS and hacker attack, it had also been raided by the authorities.
In the middle of last week government investigators arrived at ColoCall, Demonoid's webhost, to shut Demonoid down.
“Investigators have copied all the information from the servers Demonoid and sealed them,” an anonymous ColoCall source confirmed to local news site Kommersant.
With the dust settling today, the sequence of events is becoming a little more clear.
ColoCall Commercial Director Peter Vlasenko has now confirmed that their company had repeatedly warned Demonoid of complaints being made against it. They added that the company had also cautioned Demonoid's operators that problems could lead to the ISP severing its relationship with the site. Last week, that's exactly what happened.
“The Division of Economic Crimes [DEC] received an international request from Interpol to send a request to the company ColoCall. DEC sent the request to the provider, after which the ISP decided to stop working with Demonoid,” said Sergei Burlakov of Ukraine's Ministry of Internal Affairs.
But the bad news for Demonoid doesn't end there. The Interpol request that finally forced the closure of the site was the result of call from thousands of miles away in North America.
“In Mexico a criminal case against the owners of Demonoid has been initiated and the tracker is charged with intellectual property rights violations,” Burlakov confirmed.
Demonoid's links to Mexico have been rumored for some time, but it was action taken last year that finally gave them credibility.
TorrentFreak learned that in October 2011, Mexican authorities carried out a raid in Monterrey, the capital city of the northeastern Mexican state of Nuevo León. The prime target was one of Demonoid's staff. Following the action the authorities completely blocked access to the site in Mexico.
Movie industry sources confirmed to TorrentFreak that the raids had indeed resulted in the arrest of one of Demonoid's administrators. It remains unclear whether the current investigation centers around the same individual.
Company Q1 Q2 Q3 Q4 Allstate (ALL) 7.37% 6.04% 6.89% 12.69% Progressive (PGR) 6.71% 5.56% 3.30% 8.09%
Like all other businesses, companies in the insurance sector incur costs and sell products, and they must find a profitable balance between operating costs and the prices the market will bear. Costs for firms in the insurance business include the money the insurer pays to service providers. For health insurers, this would be payments made to hospitals or doctors. In the case of automotive insurance, this includes payments made to repair shops or medical costs if injuries were involved.
Changes in the costs of services rendered, policy price changes and the number of claims received are all factors that can cause an insurance company's net margin to change from year to year. For the purposes of long-term evaluations of companies in the insurance business, analysts consider annualized net margin data to be the most useful information.
If you run a company, you can't screen potential employees for their religious views. That should be obvious, but it's a fact that's ignored time and time again, despite the Civil Rights Act.
In 2011, Edward Wolfe applied for an “operations supervisor position” at Voss Lighting in Tulsa, Oklahoma. During the interview process, Wolfe was asked repeatedly about their religious beliefs:
Wolfe allegedly was asked to identify every church they have attended over the past several years, where and when they were “saved” and the circumstances that led to that event, and whether they “would have a problem” coming into work early to attend Bible study before clocking in for the day. The lawsuit recounts an alleged conversation in which one of the managers purportedly told Wolfe that the majority of Voss' employees were Southern Baptist, “but that it wasn't required that you go to a Southern Baptist Church. As long as you were a ‘born-again' Christian, it didn't matter what church you attended.”
There's good news to report after all this time. The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, defending Wolfe, announced that the case has been settled in their favor:
A Nebraska company will pay $82,500 and comply with various conditions to settle a religious discrimination lawsuit… In addition to the $82,500 payment to Wolfe, the consent decree settling the suit also requires Voss Lighting to undertake company-wide actions designed to prevent future religious discrimination, including the posting of an EEOC notice specifically prohibiting employment discrimination on the basis of religion at its various locations spanning 12 states, re-dissemination of anti-discrimination policies; periodic reporting to the EEOC of specified hiring information; religion-neutral job advertising; and the training of management on religious discrimination.
The EEOC points out why this is a necessary outcome:
“Refusing to hire a qualified job applicant because their religious beliefs do not comport with those of the employer's leadership is illegal, even if the for-profit company purports to have a religious mission or purpose,” said Barbara A. Seely, regional attorney of the EEOC's St. Louis District Office. “The evidence in this case suggested widespread religious discrimination throughout the company, not just its Oklahoma locations. The EEOC is optimistic that the corporate-wide remedial actions agreed to by Voss Lighting will put an end to the role religion plays in its decisions affecting applicants and employees. If not, we will be back in court again.”
Hopefully, the decision will send a message to other employers: You can't discriminate in the name of Jesus. Or, I guess, if you're going to discriminate, stop being so stupidly overt about it.
(Thanks to Beau for the link)
Why I Created PodcastGuests.com
Both my wife and I are podcasters, and we love how podcasts allow us to share knowledge with the world. But there are two big challenges to podcasting: Finding great guests and increasing listenership.
That's why I created PodcastGuests.com.
Need great guests? Find other podcasters and experts that already know what it takes to be a guest and invite them on your program.
Want more exposure? PodcastGuests.com helps in two ways. First, being a guest on another podcast helps spread the word about your podcast. Second, when you invite another podcaster or expert to be on your program, they usually help promote their guest appearance.
After you sign up, I'll send you a weekly email with opportunities for you to appear on podcasts as a guest. Find a good match? Just fill out the form and your information will be sent to the podcaster.
Looking for other podcasters and experts to be guests on your program? Complete a short form and I'll send it out in the weekly emails. Interested podcasters will fill out a form with their qualifications and you'll get access to their information. (They won't get your email address, so you don't have to worry about spam!)
It's as simple as that. And it's free. Fill out the form above to sign up now and tell your friends about PodcastGuests.com!
– Andrew
p.s. are you a podcaster in need of good Podcast Cover Art?
The European Central Bank (ECB) is releasing a new 50-euro note on Tuesday that features a number of security measures designed to make it more difficult to counterfeit.
The new note, orange-brown in color, has raised print and a transparent window featuring a picture of "Europa," the Greek goddess from whom the continent takes its name, on a metallic strip. It also has a portrait watermark and security thread. The number on it is emerald-colored, but changes color when moved from side to side.
It also feels crisper and firmer than previous versions.
Some of the security features are only made visible by UV light
'Very innovative note'
"This is a very innovative note in terms of security," Bank of France official Gilles Vaysset said during a presentation of the note in Paris.
The Bank of France said that the euro was one of the least counterfeited currencies in the world.
The 5, 10 and 20-euro banknotes that have been issued in recent times already feature similar security measures.
The 50-euro note - which is currently the most-used banknote in the eurozone - is part of the new "Europa " series showcasing European architectural styles throughout history. It will be followed by new 100 and 200-euro banknotes, but not by a 500-euro one, as the ECB has decided to phase it out by the end of 2018 owing to its relatively frequent use for illegal purposes.
Central banks are hoping that the current rollout will run more smoothly than the introduction of the new 5-euro note in May 2013, where many users were initially frustrated because vending machines had not yet been converted to accept the notes.
Read: Kosovo police seize fake banknotes worth 2 million euros
tj/rc (AP, AFP, dpa)
An artist rendering of the Schiaparelli lander on the surface of Mars. Click to enlarge. Credit: ESA
The full-scale qualification model of the parachute for the Schiaparelli lander undergoes the pyrotechnic mortar deployment tests in the world's largest wind tunnel, operated by the United States Air Force at the National Full-Scale Aerodynamic Complex, NFAC, in the Ames Research Center, California. Tests of how the parachute will inflate at supersonic speeds were carried out with a smaller model in a supersonic wind tunnel in the NASA Glenn Research Center. Click to enlarge. Credit: ESA
Artist depiction of the separation between the TGO orbiter and the Schiaparelli lander in October 2016. Click to enlarge. Credit: ESA
Schiaparelli is being installed at the top of the Trace Gas Orbiter, at Thales Alenia Space, in Cannes, France, for final integrated tests in 2015 . Click to enlarge. Credit: ESA
The author of this page will appreciate comments, corrections and imagery related to the subject. Please contact Anatoly Zak .
Transforming the vibrant intersection of Yonge and Gould streets (on the former site of retail landmark Sam the Record Man), the Student Learning Centre will give the entire Ryerson community an outstanding environment in which to study, collaborate and share ideas. Designed by two renowned architectural firms, the building will be accessible, digitally connected and ready to adapt to the newest modes of discovery.
The new Student Learning Centre will provide students with state-of-the-art study space and facilities. It will take Ryerson a great way forward in its goal of developing and supporting unique, professionally-oriented programs, and of pursuing its Master Plan.
Details
Designed by the acclaimed international architectural team of Zeidler Partnership Architects of Toronto and Snøhetta of Oslo, Norway and New York City, the eight-storey Student Learning Centre boldly marks Ryerson's new face on Yonge Street. It will feature a dazzling glass façade, a welcoming elevated plaza, a bridge to the existing Library and a range of academic, study and collaborative spaces for Ryerson's students, faculty and staff. Yonge Street frontage will feature destination retail at and below grade, creating a prominent commercial façade.
The Ryerson University Library and Archives will be a principal occupant of the new Student Learning Centre. With most Ryerson students living off campus, the facility will offer flexible, comfortable and informal space for students to gather and study in between classes, labs or club meetings. There will be bright, open, technologically rich, barrier-free spaces for individual and collaborative study that will accommodate students' different learning styles and faculties' different teaching practices. It will provide students with a welcoming, accessible, digitally connected space that is ready to adapt and accommodate new technologies, developments and services.
The transparent glass skin of the 155,463 square-foot Student Learning Centre will feature a surface design that will create varying light qualities within the interior space. As a further demonstration of Ryerson's long-time leadership in sustainability, the building will be LEED (Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design) Silver compliant. At least 50 per cent of the roof will be a dedicated green roof.
Total Space: Approximately 155,464 sq ft (14,443 m2)
Retail at street level and below grade approximately 16,000 sq ft (1,486 m2)
Home to a wide range of academic support services, to promote learning success
A new Digital Media Zone
Connected to the existing Library Building
LEED Silver Certification with at least 50% green roof
The Student Learning Centre was made possible by a transformative investment of $45 million from the Government of Ontario.
Budget
$112 million
Financing
$45 million Government of Ontario
$45 million Internal Sources
$22 million Fundraising
A weight loss doctor in Martinsburg, West Virginia, was canned after they repeatedly exposed themselves at the office and forced a female co-worker to “motorboat” their surgically enlarged breasts.
According to a 31-page complaint released last month by the state's Board of Medicine, Dr. Tressie Montene Duffy, 44, is unqualified to continue practicing medicine for breaking a litany of medical and ethics laws and standards.
The report alleges that Duffy, the CEO and co-owner of West Virginia Weight and Wellness Inc. in Martinsburg, allegedly forced employees to fill out blank prescription slips for powerful painkillers and other drugs, when they were out of the office.
Employees also claim that after Duffy underwent breast augmentation surgery, they repeatedly showed off the new boobs to staff and patients at their clinic and reportedly rubbed them against staff. They also allegedly allowed drug salespeople to feel their breasts while staff and patients were present, Sunday World reports.
A woman identified in the report as Complainant R said Duffy "pulled Complainant R's head between their breasts and asked Complainant R to ‘motorboat' her,” the complaint states.
The Charleston Daily Mail, which broke the story, felt obliged to define "motorboating" to its readers:
According to the complaint, Duffy grabbed Complainant R by the back of their head and kissed them on the lips that same day. When the victim told Duffy to stop, the doctor allegedly said the Complainant R was being a “titty baby.”
Complainant R said the alleged sexual abuse and Duffy throwing a chair at them led them to quit their job.
The complainant also alleges Duffy “engaged in a scheme with a drug salesperson to inflate sales in exchange for consideration from the salesperson, including paid parties and office staff.”
This isn't the first time the West Virginia Board of Medicine has tried to revoke Duffy's license.
In 2009, they were charged with felony prescription fraud and conspiracy to commit prescription fraud, according to the New York Daily News.
Duffy's attorney, Lisa Lilly, told the Charleston Daily Mail that Duffy was familiar with the complaint and “denies any and all wrongdoing.” They also said they were unaware of any criminal charges.
Players from New York, FC Edmonton, and Puerto Rico FC shined in Week 14
The New York Cosmos and Puerto Rico FC both secured two victories during Week 14 of the Fall Season and were rewarded for it with two players on the NASL Team of the Week. FC Edmonton also had two members on the team after picking up a crucial four points.
Here is the list of top performers from a busy week:
GK: Trevor Spangenberg (Puerto Rico FC) – The shot-stopper was a part of back-to-back 2-1 wins for Puerto Rico FC, first against the Fort Lauderdale Strikers and then Ottawa Fury FC. They made seven saves, including six in the win over Ottawa on Sunday, in Week 14 as Puerto Rico has now won three straight games.
DEF: Papé Diakité (FC Edmonton) – The central defender helped FC Edmonton keep a clean sheet in the scoreless draw against Jacksonville Armada FC in a midweek contest and played a key part in the Eddies earning a 2-1 victory over Indy Eleven on Sunday. Over the two games, Diakité made nine clearances, eight interceptions, while winning six duels and three tackles. They also scored the equalizing goal in the win over Indy.
DEF: Matt Bahner (Jacksonville Armada FC) – They played a major role in Jacksonville picking up four points in Week 14. Against FC Edmonton, they made four clearances with one interception in the draw. Bahner followed that up with four interceptions, winning five duels and all three of their tackle attempts as well making three clearances against Minnesota United in a 1-0 win Saturday night. They also scored the game-winning goal in the 88th minute.
DEF: Rhett Bernstein (Miami FC) – With Miami needing points for The Championship race, the defender scored the equalizer in the 1-1 draw with the Tampa Bay Rowdies on Saturday. They made five interceptions and won six duels. Earlier in the week, they helped Miami earn a 2-1 win over Ottawa Fury FC, winning seven duels and making two clearances.
DEF: Futty Danso (Rayo OKC) – An ever-present member of Rayo OKC's back line, Danso provided another key performance. Defensively, the Gambian international made eight clearances and then scored the equalizing goal deep into stoppage time in the 1-1 draw the Carolina RailHawks on Sunday.
MID: Ben Fisk (FC Edmonton) – The Canadian international was vibrant in two games for the Eddies during Week 14. Fisk came off the bench on Sunday and provided the spark and game-winning goal, with a 94th-minute goal, to lift the Eddies past Indy.
MID: Ruben Bover (New York Cosmos) – The midfielder scored two goals in two key games for the Cosmos, in a pair of 2-0 wins. Bover scored the insurance goal with a strike from distance just a minute after the Cosmos took the lead against Carolina on Wednesday. Back at Shuart Stadium, they helped extend the Cosmos' home unbeaten streak, which tied a league record, with the opening goal in the win over Fort Lauderdale on Sunday. They also earned Player of the Week honors for their efforts.
MID: Andrés Flores (New York Cosmos) – The Salvadoran international had two strong games in the Cosmos' midfield. They battled throughout their time on the field in both wins for New York and also scored a goal to seal all three points against Fort Lauderdale.
MID: Eric Avila (Tampa Bay Rowdies) – They provided creativity for the Rowdies on Saturday against Miami, creating four chances for their teammates during the game. They provided the goal for Tampa Bay after cutting to their left and firing the ball home. Avila was also tidy in possession, completing 32 of their 38 pass attempts.
FWD: Sidney Rivera (Puerto Rico FC) – They battled all game long against Ottawa, winning eight of 15 duels, and was rewarded for it with a goal. Their shot from distance found the back of the net to earn Puerto Rico FC a third straight win.
FWD: Vincenzo Rennella (Miami FC) – The recent arrival continued to make an impact, scoring the game-winning goal in the nick of time for a key 2-1 win over Ottawa Fury FC.
The Canadian Auto Workers union is threatening to occupy the Electro-Motive plant in London, Ont., if parent company Caterpillar doesn't offer the out-of-work employees a severance package it deems reasonable.
Progress Rail, a wholly owned subsidiary of Caterpillar, announced the closure of the plant last Friday, putting nearly 500 workers out of a job.
The union occupied a Caterpillar plant in Brampton, Ont., in 1991 when it was closed by the company. CAW Local 27 president Tim Carrie said the tactic worked then and workers in London are prepared to take the same action now.
They said there are several locomotives still in the Electro-Motive plant and the company wants to get them out as soon possible. Carrie said the train engines are worth millions.
"If they want to play hardball the way they have since the beginning of this, we'll do what we have to do. If that means those locomotives aren't leaving that facility, that's what it means."
Carrie says Caterpillar will have to go well beyond the minimum severance requirements under Ontario law in order to satisfy the union.
"This is a multi-national corporation with billions of dollars of profits and they're going to leave some of it behind for this community and they're going to leave it behind for the workers."
Caterpillar closed its London plant just weeks after locking out its workers on Jan. 1. The two sides could not come to terms on a new collective agreement.
The provincial Conservative leader refuses to condemn Caterpillar for shutting down its London plant.
Tim Hudak said it's "heartbreaking," but they blame Caterpillar's decision to close the plant on the Liberal government.
"It's been Xstrata jobs in Timmins. It's been steel jobs in Hamilton. Navistar in Chatham. There's an unfortunate pattern of people picking up roots and moving out of Ontario. Why? Because Ontario is less attractive for business investments because the government spends too much, taxes too much, and is charging us way too much for energy. It's costing us jobs," Hudak said.
The Liberal government has cut the corporate tax rate each of the past two years and plans further reductions.
The NDP said the Caterpillar pullout shows corporate tax cuts don't help keep jobs in the province.
The report says any similar proposal to President Obama's would cost 500,000 jobs. CBO: Wage hike will cause job loss
Raising the minimum wage would cost thousands of jobs while simultaneously lifting wages for millions more, according to a new report that instantly inflamed an election-year battle over income inequality.
Giving fodder to both Democrats and Republicans, the Congressional Budget Office said Tuesday that a proposal similar to one offered by President Barack Obama would reduce total employment by 500,000 workers or about .3 percent by 2016.
Story Continued Below
At the same time, it would boost earnings for some 16.5 million people, lifting 900,000 above the poverty line, the report said.
( Also on POLITICO: Sebelius: No job loss under Obamacare)
The analysis lands in the middle of an election-year debate over Democrats' proposal to lift the minimum wage for the first time since 2009. In their State of the Union, Obama called for increasing it to $10.10 from the current $7.25. The idea is stalled in Congress, where Republicans say it would hurt the economy by making it more expensive for businesses to hire. Some Republicans have instead called for expanding the earned income tax credit, a wage supplement to the working poor.
Amid the gridlock, Obama signed an executive order earlier this month requiring federal contractors to begin paying at least $10.10 an hour.
Both parties seized on the findings to make their case.
( WATCH: Ted Cruz: White House 'hostile' to marriage)
Republicans highlighted the projected job losses.
“The non-partisan Congressional Budget Office confirmed yet again what we know to be true of government overreach in the marketplace: raising the minimum wage would slash jobs and harm an already fragile workforce,” said Sen. John Cornyn, the chamber's second-ranking Republican.
House Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said: “No matter how the critics spin this report, the CBO made it absolutely clear: raising the minimum wage would lift almost one million Americans out of poverty, increase the pay of low-income workers by $31 billion and help build an economy that works for everyone.”
In a blog post, the administration said CBO was overstating the likely job losses.
( Also on POLITICO: Bushcare, the GOP's answer to Obama)
“CBO's estimates of the impact of raising the minimum wage on employment does not reflect the current consensus view of economists,” said Jason Furman, head of the Council of Economic Advisors. “The bulk of academic studies have concluded that the effects on unemployment of minimum wage increases in the range now under consideration are likely to be small to nonexistent.”
About 5.5 million workers earned within 25 cents of the minimum wage in 2013, according to the report. Three-quarters were at least 20 years old and two-fifths worked full time.
Phasing in the increase over three years would cost some low-earners their jobs as their labor became more expensive. About 1.5 percent of the 33 million people otherwise projected to earn less than $11.50 in 2016 would be unemployed as a result of the wage hike.
( Also on POLITICO: Dems' 2014 plan: Neutralize ACA)
About 16.5 million people earning less than $10.10 would see a pay bump, along with an indeterminate number of people earning just a bit more, as employers strive to keep a wage differential between workers.
The increase would have a relatively modest impact on poverty, the report shows, cutting the projected 45 million people living in poverty in 2016 by 2 percent, or about 900,000. Their average real income would grow by $300 or about 2.8 percent, as a result of the increase, the report said.
The impact on poverty would be diluted in part because some of the workers, such as teenagers, live in higher-income families. While most of the increased income would go to lower-earning families, about 29 percent would accrue to families earning three times to poverty threshold — about $72,000 for a family of four in 2016 — and 6 percent would go to ones earning six times the poverty level.
Twenty-one states along with the District of Columbia have already increased their minimum wages above the federal level. California is scheduled to lift its minimum wage to $10 by 2016.
Just as homelessness among vets was on the rise, Trump's VA sought to undercut their security.
Universally condemned by veterans' advocates for moving to demolish a popular $460 million federal program that has helped to reduce the number homelessness among those who have served, the Trump administration has reversed course.
“There will be absolutely no change in the funding to support our homeless program,” Veterans Affairs Secretary David Shulkin announced.
On Dec. 1, Shulkin stunned advocates when they announced ending the program and sending the money to local VA hospitals and letting them decide how to use the grant money.
That came just days after Shulkin appeared at a major Washington, D.C., event to tout the VA's commitment to hype Donald Trump's commitment to ending veteran homelessness.
Veterans groups were astonished by the move to cut a program designed the help chronically ill veterans. Even employees within the Veterans Administration were caught off guard by the announcement.
“I don't understand why you are pulling the rug out,” Elisha Harig-Blaine, a National League of Cities housing official told Politico. “You're putting at risk the lives of men and women who've served this country.”
Sen. Patty Murray (D-WA), who sits on a veterans' affairs subcommittee, called the move “a new low.”
The sweeping attempt to cut back funds came just as HUD released its annual report showing a 1.5 percent increase in veteran homelessness over 2016, which represented the first increase since 2010.
Trump themselves has routinely disrespected veterans. They attacked Gold Star families during the campaign. They have lied about donating to veterans groups. They recently told a widow, Myeshia Johnson, that their dead husband “knew what they signed up for” when they joined the military, and then seemed to forget their husband's name.
And just last week, Trump used a racial slur during a White House ceremony to honor Native American WWII heroes.
The decision not to end such a critical program, especially when homelessness among vets is on the rise for the first time in seven years, is the right thing to do. Even if belatedly.
A foot still equals 12 inches at the Subway on N. Courthouse Road in Arlington.
Call it the Angry Inch.
Earlier this week, two New Jersey men sued Subway, the world's largest restaurant chain, for stiffing them an inch on their footlong sandwiches. Their suit came days after an Australian teenager posted a photo of their 11-inch Subway footlong and, as these things do when we're stuck in the office with access to Facebook, the image went viral.
Predictably, another shark, sensing blood in the water, also filed a lawsuit over the "fraudulent, deceptive" practice. A Chicago man seeks more than $5 million in damages from Subway's parent company, according to a Chicago Tribune story. Said cash presumably would fill the hole left by that missing inch of bread and cold cuts.
Out of sheer curiosity -- and not because I could use $5 million, though I technically could -- I ordered a Subway "Italian B.M.T." footlong at the shop on N. Courthouse Road in Arlington. I hauled it back to the office and carefully measured it with an ink-stained "Westcott Printers Rule." It measured, precisely, 12 and 1/8 inches.
No doubt someone will sue over the extra eighth of an inch.
Regardless, the Courthouse sandwich would appear to validate Subway's statement in which the chain said it would redouble its "efforts to ensure consistency and correct length in every sandwich we serve."
But just to make sure, we here at Going Out Guide Central are asking readers to measure their own Subway footlongs and upload the photos to Twitter under the hashtag #footwrong. We'll compile the best images into a gallery.
Read more from the Going Out Guide:
• Best sandwich shops
• What are D.C.'s 40 essential eats?
Let There Be (A Little Bit More) Light!
Israel Extends Daylight Savings Time, Despite Strong Haredi Opposition
Shmarya Rosenberg • Failedmessiah.com
Let there be (a little bit more) light!
In a sparsely attended special session held earlier today, Israel's parliament, the Knesset, passed a bill that adds about eleven more days each year to Israel's period of daylight savings time, Ha'aretz reports. The move follows years of protests by secular Jews against the country's early switch to standard time, which was made in 2005 largely to accommodate haredim.
From then until now, Israel has switched back to standard time each year before Yom Kippur, the Day of Atonement. Many haredi and Orthodox Jews believe having Yom Kippur fall during standard time makes it easier and more comfortable to complete the 25-hour holiday fast.
Under the just-passed law, Israel's daylight saving time will now average 193 days each year, as opposed to 182 under the former law. In many years, including next year, Yom Kippur will now fall during daylight savings time. Today's bill was a compromise between some Kadima and Meretz party Knesset members who wanted many more days added to daylight savings time and the Likud-led coalition, which supported a more moderate extension.
More than 390,000 Israelis signed a petition earlier this year calling for daylight savings time to be extended past October 1.
“The decision [to change the clocks back before Yom Kippur] means millions of working Israelis return home from work in the dark and get up in the morning after the sun has warmed up our already-hot country.
“Standard time cuts short the quality time that parents have with their children, adds to the risk of traffic accidents because of the additional travel in the dark, puts the local time at variance with the time in Europe and the rest of the world, and costs the Israeli economy hundreds of millions of shekels,” the petition read.
Politicians from the haredi Shas party pressured the government to block today's vote, but Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu refused, keeping their pledge to to bring the issue to a vote before the upcoming elections. To keep that promise, Netanyahu had to call the Knesset, which was on recess, into a special session.
Interior Minister Eli Yishai, a member of the Shas party, claimed that the 2005 bill ending daylight savings time before Yom Kippur was passed while Shas was in the opposition.
“It was based on social and financial considerations and enjoyed a broad political consensus,” Yishai claimed, even though that consensus reportedly had much more to do with appeasing haredi politicians than benefiting the majority of israel's citizens.
The bill passed today was based on the recommendations of the Kehat committee, which Yishai themselves formed in February of last year to evaluate the arguments in support of and in opposition to extending daylight savings time.
At the time of today's vote, only 27 MKs were reportedly in attendance. Nineteen voted in favor of the moderate extension and seven opposed it. One Member of Knesset abstained.
For the first time, a team of scientists, led by Prof. Axel Janke of the Senckenberg Research Center for Biodiversity and Climate, reconstructed part of the male chromosome in polar bears. The scientists were able to assign 1.9 million base pairs specifically to the polar bear Y chromosome. In their study, published today in the scientific journal "Genome Biology and Evolution," they show that more than 100,000 years ago, the male polar bear lineages split and developed in two separate genetic groups.
The polar bear is the world's largest land-dwelling predator and is hard to miss. Nevertheless, it is difficult to study the evolution this arctic resident: Polar bears live and die on the frozen sea, and their remains are seldom found. "In order to gain insights into the evolutionary development of Ursus maritimus, we use genetics instead of fossils," explains Prof. Axel Janke of the Senckenberg Research Institute for Biodiversity and Climate in Frankfurt.
For the first time, the evolutionary geneticist and their PhD student Tobias Bidon, reconstructed large parts of the polar bear Y chromosome.. "In this age of biological revolution, it is possible to sequence the entire genome of an organism rather quickly and cost-effectively," says Janke. However, to date, such comprehensive genome projects have mostly been limited to female animals, neglecting the males' special chromosome -- the Y chromosome. Bidon explains, "This is quite surprising, since the Y chromosome is an important part of the mammalian genome. It is the only genetic material that is passed on from male to male, thereby offering unique insights into the evolutionary history and population dynamics."
Studying billions of small anonymous sequence segments, the Frankfurt research team has now been able to identify those puzzle-bits that are associated with the polar bear Y chromosome. Their efforts were possible by the fact that there is only one copy of the Y chromosome present in males, while females are missing it. "Using this property of the mammalian genomes and bioinformatic, we were able to identify 1.9 million base pairs in the genetic material of male polar bears," adds Janke.
Evolutionary analyzes of the polar bears' almost two million Y chromosome nucleotides, Senckenberg scientists identified two genetic groups of male polar bear lineages, which, according to the teams' calculations, started to evolve separately more than 100,000 years ago. "Today, individuals from both genetic groups can be found in various Arctic regions -- from Alaska to Spitsbergen," says Bidon. This confirms the idea that polar bears roam across vast distances and distribute their genetic material throughout the entire Arctic.
Janke offers the following preview for additional projects: "We will to use our bioinformatic approach to reconstruct large parts of the Y chromosome from other male genomes, in order to study paternal inheritance and migration from the male perspective."
In 2015, the Tampa Bay Buccaneers ranked 31st in the NFL in gross punting average and 27th in net punting average. That underwhelming performance may not have been one of the main reasons the Buccaneers finished 6-10, but punting was clearly not a team strength.
General Manager Jason Licht and Head Coach Dirk Koetter found an avenue to address that shortcoming, and address it quickly: Free agency.
In 2016, the punt team was an enormous strength for the 9-7 Buccaneers, particularly as the team found itself in a series of very close games in which the field position battle was critical. In fact, Tampa Bay may have never fielded a more successful punt team in franchise history than it did this past fall. Each punt and its coverage was the collective work of 11 men on the field, all of whom deserve credit for the team's massive improvement in that part of the game. Still, the two players who stood out the most on the Buccaneers' punt team this year were both signed within a 10-day period early in the 2016 unrestricted free agency period.
On March 14, the Buccaneers signed former Minnesota Vikings cornerback Josh Robinson. The team believed Robinson could provide depth at a position where depth is often hard to cultivate while also bringing proven special teams skills to the table.
On March 23, Tampa Bay signed former Jacksonville Jaguars punter Bryan Anger. That created a competition between Anger and incumbent Jacob Schum (now the Green Bay Packers' punter), and while both punters performed well in training camp and the preseason, Anger won the job.
When the regular season began, the results were dramatic. Simply put, Bryan Anger's debut season as a Buccaneer was the best performance by a punter in franchise history. Meanwhile, Josh Robinson emerged as one of the most productive special teams "aces" in team history, recalling the likes of Corey Ivy, Kenny Gant and Jeff Gooch. As is noted in greater detail below, Robinson was frequently the man on the other end of Anger's most impactful punts, completing plays that pinned the opposition near its own goal line.
The Bangkok Metropolitan Administration has planned to reorganize the Saturday night market at Klong Thom, Worachak and Central Hospital areas and to curb retail trading on the footpaths of Sukhumvit road.
The reorganization of pavement trading on the Luang, Charoeng Krung, Sua Pa, Worachak, Yommaraj, Chao Kamrop and Plabplachai roads is in response to public complaints that the vendors have occupied the pavements and spilled on the roads making it almost impossible for road traffic on Saturday night until the next morning, said Bangkok deputy governor Aswin Kwanmuang on Wednesday.
The Saturday night market starts at 4 pm and ends at 6 pm of Sunday.
The deputy governor pointed out that the disorderly trading has caused inconveniences to people travelling to the Central Hospital and to the services of ambulances getting into or leaving the hospital.
Pomprab district office and Plabplachai police station have been designated to seek cooperation with the vendors to keep their trading activities in a way which will cause the least impacts on road traffic.
As for pavement trading on Sukhumvit Road, they said that trading can start at 7 pm and only on specified areas set by the City Hall.
Goofs
(Incorrectly regarded as a goof?)About forty minutes into the picture, Peggy Sue is having a conversation with science genius Richard Norvick and if you look carefully at the board at the front of the classroom, in the background behind the characters, there's a characterization of Saturn, with a couple of its moons; this characterization would have been utterly impossible back in 1960, when supposedly the scene is taking place. The details seen in this scene are way too vivid, and could only have become possible in the mid-eighties, which is exactly when the film was being shot. The thing is, in this picture, it must be remembered that Peggy Sue is dreaming all this, and could possibly recall what the planet and its moons might actually have looked like, given that it isn't the early sixties in their mind. It really is the middle eighties. Additionally, it's possible that director Coppola has placed the images of Saturn and its moons in the scene as a sort of little joke on the viewer. You decide. See more
Tap Wars: Earth Defense Force 4.1 released for smartphones
A mobile spin-off of Earth Defense Force 4.1.
D3 Publisher and Esquadra have released a smartphone spin-off of Earth Defense Force 4.1: The Shadow of New Despair called Tap Wars: Earth Defense Force 4.1. It is available now via the App Store for iOS and Google Play for Android.
Here's an overview of the game:
The spin-off to the popular Earth Defense Force 4.1 is finally here! Tap to defeat the invaders! Lead the troops of the Earth Defense Force (EDF), and aim to repel the unknown enemy, “Ravagers”! It's easy to attack the enemy! Just tap away! Tap the screen like your life depends on it! The pride of the EDF hangs in the balance! Game Features The world of Earth Defense Force 4.1 has been reproduced for smartphones! Easy to play, simple to understand, but with incredible depth! Defeat the advancing enemies and strengthen your troops! In order to protect this green Earth… Even today, somewhere out there the fight for the future of humanity is continuing! Our fight will not end here. The EDF will become the shield for humanity's hope!
Watch a trailer below.
Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan (R) said the judge weighing a Purple Line case is biased because of where they live and their wife's connection to a group that has opposed the light-rail project. (Patrick Semansky/Associated Press)
Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan (R) has publicly criticized a federal judge weighing whether to allow the state to begin building the Purple Line, saying the judge is biased because of where they live and their wife's connection to a group that has opposed the light-rail project.
The problem: The governor's statements about the judge living along the Purple Line route are incorrect, and the “opponent group” for which Hogan said the judge's wife works appears to be an umbrella civic group whose leaders say they can't recall them ever attending a meeting.
Hogan made the comments about U.S. District Judge Richard J. Leon on Wednesday after taking umbrage at a reporter who asked whether the governor regretted “putting the Purple Line on hold” when they took office. Hogan had criticized the light-rail project during the gubernatorial campaign as being too expensive but gave it the go-ahead six months after taking office in January 2015, saying that the state had reduced its upfront construction costs.
[FTA says Metro's ridership impact on Purple Line doesn't warrant new study]
“We made the decision to move forward. . . . we committed the funding,” Hogan said. “Now there's a judge who happens to live at the country club that the thing runs through that's making the decision to hold it up.”
Hogan added, “Right now, even with federal funding, we can't move forward because of a judge who lives at Chevy Chase Country Club.”
Leon's Chevy Chase home is two miles from the closest planned Purple Line station and about three miles from Columbia Country Club, which has previously fought the light-rail project because trains would bisect its golf course.
The Chevy Chase Club, which is a different country club and has not vocally opposed the Purple Line, is 1½ miles north of the judge's home.
Hogan also said they told U.S. Transportation Secretary Elaine Chao in a recent meeting that the project needs the $900 million in federal construction aid that the state has been expecting.
“But Secretary Chao can't do anything about a judge whose wife happens to be involved in the opponent group and who has a conflict of interest who's making the decision to hold this up,” Hogan told reporters.
Leon declined to comment through a court spokesperson and did not respond to emailed questions.
Hogan's accusations are remarkable because they come at a delicate time for the project. Leon is reconsidering their August order that suspended the Purple Line's federal environmental approval, which the state needs to clinch the critical federal construction grants. Meanwhile, federal grants for new transit projects have become precarious under a recent Trump administration proposal to abolish money for any projects that don't already have federal funding agreements.
[Trump spending plan puts Metro, Purple Line at risk]
Amelia Chasse, a Hogan spokesperson, said Thursday that the governor is frustrated by Leon's “inexplicable delay” in issuing their latest ruling.
Chasse said Hogan wants to move forward on a project in which the state has already invested more than $300 million.
“He is frustrated by the delays stemming from this judge and concerned about the disturbing reports that conflicts of interest could be at play in the process,” Chasse said.
The “opponent group” that the governor said Christine Leon is active in appears to be the Citizens Coordinating Committee on Friendship Heights, an umbrella civic group that includes the Leons' neighborhood organization, the Brookdale Citizens' Association.
Christine Leon is one of about 25 block captains in the Brookdale Citizens' Association, a role that association leaders describe as circulating the group's occasional newsletters and welcoming new residents. The Brookdale association has not taken a position on the Purple Line, leaders said.
Two leaders of the Citizens Coordinating Committee on Friendship Heights said they could not recall seeing Christine Leon at a meeting. A Friendship Heights committee representative testified against the Purple Line's draft environmental study in 2008, saying that the state hadn't sufficiently studied the impact from new development that the Purple Line would bring or fully considered alternative alignments that would spare the wooded Capital Crescent Trail — allegations also raised by the plaintiffs opposing the project.
Bob Cope, a past chair of the Friendship Heights group who also lives in the Brookdale area, said the group hasn't actively opposed the Purple Line since 2008, and they don't recall seeing the judge or Christine Leon at a Friendship Heights meeting.
As a block captain, Cope said, Christine Leon's main duties would be distributing the Brookdale Bugle four times a year and keeping the neighborhood phone directory up to date for their street's residents.
“How do you get from block captain to conflict of interest, unless you jump through reality?” Cope said.
In explaining the governor's remarks, Chasse emailed snippets from three media stories that included allegations from transit activists that the location of the judge's home and their wife's involvement in their civic group posed potential conflicts of interest.
One of the accounts Chasse sent was a WAMU story stating that Leon lives across the street from Martin Wiegand, a former vice president of the Columbia Country Club. The club had opposed the Purple Line before reaching an agreement with the state in 2013.
Reached Thursday, Wiegand said they were “quite upset” to be linked to any allegations of judicial bias. They said that the Leons live several houses over, across the street, and that they rarely run into them.
“I've never spoken with Judge Leon about the Purple Line,” Wiegand said. “I haven't spoken to Judge Leon in probably three years. Judge Leon is one of the finest people I've met, and a conflict of interest would not be something he'd be involved with.”
Chasse said Hogan stands by their comments. It's unclear how far Hogan plans to take the allegations.
The office of Maryland Attorney General Brian E. Frosh (D), which represents the state in the Purple Line lawsuit, has not filed any motions asking Leon to recuse himself. Frosh's office referred questions to the governor's office.
A state official, who asked not to be identified because of the pending lawsuit and personnel limitations, said, “There are no pending allegations of conflicts in this case.”
A spokesperson for the Justice Department declined to comment on Hogan's statements.
When asked why the state hadn't requested that the judge recuse himself, Chasse said in an email that the attorney general and the Justice Department have asked Leon to rule by April 28.
“We'll see what happens at that point,” they said.
Julie Tate contributed to this report.
Chinese Premier Li Keqiang promised that “China will wage a war against poverty with a stronger resolve,” Xinhua reported Monday. Li reportedly made the announcement while touring impoverished regions of Shaanxi province. Their pledge draws attention to an often-overlooked aspect of China's rise: while economic growth has been stunning over the past 30 years, it has also been uneven.
As China's overall GDP draws ever closer to surpassing the United States' for the position of world's largest, more and more commentators have taken to pointing out China's relatively low per-capita GDP. According to the World Bank's data, in 2012 China's per capita GDP was $6,091, lagging behind not only the United States ($51,749) but countries such as Iraq ($6,455), Azerbaijan ($7,164), Botswana ($7,238), and Columbia ($7,748). It's a testimony to the simple fact that, while China's overall economy is massive, it must provide for 1.3 billion people.
Still, China's 2012 per capita GDP was almost double its 2009 number of $3,749, showing major progress. The World Bank estimates that, since 1978, China's economic boom “has lifted more than 500 million people out of poverty.” While China's overall GDP growth targets get all the attention, the government has also been setting targets for per capita income growth. The current goal is for per capita incomes to have doubled (compared to 2010) by 2020, which would put China at $8,800.
Of course, statistics like per capita GDP, while they can provide a general idea, are of limited use in measuring poverty. It's been noted, by scholars within and without China, that China's rapid economic growth disproportionately benefits those living in developed urban areas (mostly concentrated near the east coast), while inland regions languish. A 2012 survey done by Peking University showed, for example, that average family income for urban residents was $2,600 a year versus only $1,600 a year for rural resident. In 2010, China Daily reported that China's urban-to-rural income ratio was 3.33:1, the highest level since 1978.
As a result, China's per capita GDP doesn't adequately capture the extent of the poverty problem. World banknotes that China has about 128 million people living below the national poverty line (which equates to about $1.8 a day) — making China second only to India in terms of the largest population of the poor. China's own official estimates are lower, but only slightly so, with Xinhua reporting 98.99 million rural poor alone in 2012. To put that in context, if we go by the World Bank estimate, China's impoverished population is greater than the total population of all but nine countries in the world (Japan, ranked #10 in total population, has just over 127 million people). It's no wonder that Li is publicly devoting themselves towards addressing this problem.
However, Li is hardly the first Chinese leader to promise to help the poor gain a share of China's growing wealth. In 2007, then-President Hu Jintao famously pledged to “reverse the growing income disparity” within China — instead, as the China Daily report in 2010 found, the income gap reached record levels under Hu's tenure. Hu's governing partner, Premier Wen Jiabao also announced in 2011 that China would try to “basically eliminate poverty” by 2020.
As U.S. President Lyndon B. Johnson found in the 1960s, declaring a “war on poverty” is the easy part. The hard part is actually putting in place systemic reforms that address the root causes of wealth inequality. China, with its nominally socialist system and a government that came to power through promises to the rural poor, has both more incentives and more policy tools to achieve wealth redistribution than the capitalist U.S. Yet the problem persists. How is Li planning to tackle it?
From the Xinhua article, it seems that Li's “war on poverty” is another name for their urbanization plan. Li has been actively pushing to transfer China's population from rural to urban areas, which they hope will lead to higher standards of living for China's rural poor and increased domestic consumer demand — a “win-win” solution for China as its tries to rebalance its economy. A close look at Li's comments in Monday's Xinhua article shows the connection between their war on poverty and the existing urbanization plan. People living in “inhospitable areas” will be relocated, while the central government will “nurture small towns” for the relocated, formerly rural population. In other words, Li seeks to solve the rural-urban divide (and take down poverty) by turning rural residents into urban ones.
Li has now doubled-down on this strategy, which is not without its risks. A New York Times article last year documented the issues with the relocation strategy, including shoddy construction and a lack of jobs in the artificially created urban areas. Meanwhile, there are concerns that urbanization (which generally involved removing small farmers from their land) might interfere with China's food security.
In addition, China's urbanization strategy is walking a tightrope — the plan is to shift China's growth model to one more centered on domestic consumption, and urbanization is assumed to increase such consumption. However, as China's growth slows (to, it should be noted, a “mere” 7 percent or so year — a level that most developed countries still envy) so will the trickle-down benefits to individual's incomes. Should the pace of income growth slow too quickly, domestic consumption will stall, jeopardizing China's economic rebalance.
Li's “war on poverty” and urbanization plan all tie into China's main goal for the next few decades — avoiding the so-called “middle income trap.” This trend for developing countries' growth to essentially “stall out” after a period of rapid development featured heavily in the World Bank's 2012 report recommending economic reforms for China. In addition to more structural reforms ties to China's finance sector and currency, the alleviation of poverty and the rural-urban gap is also part of the complex web of economic reform. As Li Keqiang said, since the Cultural Revolution, China has lifted half its population out of poverty — now it faces the even tougher challenge of helping those the initial economic boom left behind.
While checking out the Car Throttle Garage Facebook group , we came across this cool post by Ammar. They were feeling inspired and wrote about how it feels to be a petrolhead. It was well received in the group, so we thought we'd share it here. Read it below!
Open the door; climb in. Adjust your seat. Fix your mirrors. Key in. Disengage the clutch. Gear change in neutral position. Key to the heart of the beast turned to ON. Take a breath, relax yourself, and start them up. Feel the roar as the cylinders come to life. Soothe them into a calmed state. Fasten your harness. Feel as if you are in safe arms. Now, prepare yourself for the thrill we are fortunate enough to experience every day. Clutch in, select first. Rev, rev… hold it… now dump the clutch. My friend, you are free.
We, are an endangered species, you and I. We, lovers of speed. We, devotees of power, performance, and noise. ‘Go away,' we are told, ‘And take your carbon fibre and your fire-spitting V12s with you.' There's hardly a place for us here anymore. Not amongst all
the commuters and congestion. Not in this growing age of safety and restraint. Where practicality trumps adrenaline. Where the ratio of miles to gallon is championed over horsepower to the weight. The evidence is everywhere. You and I are being squeezed out, pushed aside, and hunted down at every hairpin turn. Jeremy Clarkson.
The art of driving is a fine art. Not your ordinary Picasso or Bach piece. No, this, is something entirely different. It is extraordinary. Driving is an art that no one man, or woman, for that matter, will ever master. One will never become perfect. One will never reach their top potential. So, why do we spend our lives, our fortunes, our nerves, striving to be the best?
Well, that's just it. We do it because it is in our blood. Hell, it is our blood. It, for lack of a better word, drives our being. We were never given a choice whether or not to be motoring enthusiasts. It, more or less, just happened. From the day that we heard our first fire-spitting V12, we fell in love. Many won't understand this, but that's just it. That is the essence of what we love. That is the beauty of it. They don't have to understand. They don't need to and we don't need them to. Not even other motorists need to understand what you feel. It is about you and your vehicle. It is a most beautiful symbiotic relationship. You need them and she, you.
Whether you are on the track or on a beautiful scenic road, it is still just you and them You direct them through the curves, they return with a bit of under or oversteer, just enough to make sure that you are on your feet. They beg for you to creep into their redline right before that shift that puts you right in the middle of their power band, which you'll need for that straightaway as you apex Bentley Bend.
Hear the spool of the turbochargers, boosting the savage 6.0-litre AMG V12; hear the simply monstrous, yet delicate roar of the 4.5-litre Ferrari V8. Perhaps you're a bloke who prefers four-bangers and favours the 2.0-litre VTEC powering the reasonably-priced S2000 sports car all the way to 9000 RPM. See, the case in point here is that it does not matter what you drive.
While petrolheads constantly rip on each other for what each other drives, in the end it is just about you and your car. There is a reason why you drive what you drive. That reason is that a unique bond exists between you and your machine. Quite naturally, we all want to drive the faster, leaner, more powerful machines; but for those of us not fortunate enough to own them, we must settle for lower-tier cars. And you know what? I accept that, and I regret nothing.
It all goes back to the main point. We. Love. Driving. Full stop. Nothing will ever change that. And why should it? I know that other petrolheads, gearheads, grease monkeys, what have you… are out there. My own best friends, for starters. Our passion for hitting open roads: undying. Our love for beautiful road machines: endless. Our sheer excitement and joy that hits when we drive: unfathomable. These small things will never change.
Motoring enthusiasts, amidst all the flocks of drivers on the roads of the world, we blaze a trail of our own. We stand out in the crowd. Where others conform and fail to be one with their cars and the road, we accelerate, quite literally, through. We overtake. We let not a single obstacle stand between us and the road. So hear us now, world. We may be an endangered species, but this won't be the last time you'll be hearing from us.
Ammar Ikanovic
2013
CLOSE President-elect Donald Trump's tough talk against China isn't likely to lead to a trade war, according to Gary Dvorchak, a hedge fund manager and Real Money Contributor, based in Beijing. Video provided by TheStreet Newslook
Buicks on the assembly line at Shanghai GM's factory in Wuhan, Hubei province, China. (Photo11: General Motors.)
President-elect Donald Trump's threats to impose big tariffs on China have put that country in the global spotlight. Trump says they want to bring back American factory jobs but economists say their tactics could result in a trade war that ultimately hurts the United States. Economics reporters Roger Yu and Paul Davidson try to sort it all out.
Q: How did China become the second-largest economy in the world and so intertwined with the U.S.?
With a population of nearly 1.4 billion, China is the world's largest country. It has taken advantage of its bountiful labor force to fuel an export-oriented economy. In short, it became richer by transforming itself into the world's factory. American companies fully exploited the opportunities, rushing to outsource manufacturing there.
The result was a burgeoning middle class in China that formed a new export market for American products. More Chinese students can now afford to study in the U.S., often forming the largest international student group at prestigious universities. Chinese tourists pack American hotels in major cities. And the Chinese government began investing heavily in U.S. Treasuries. China is now America's largest creditor.
Q: What is a trade deficit and why has our trade deficit with China widened?
A trade deficit occurs when a country's imports of goods and services exceed its exports, or goods and services shipped “abroad.” The U.S. trade deficit across the globe totaled $531.5 billion in 2015, up from $508.3 billion a year earlier. In other words, Americans consume more foreign goods and services than the country ships overseas.
The vast majority of the U.S. deficit derives from trade with China. The gap with China rose to $365.7 billion in 2015 from $343.1 billion a year earlier. That's because more U.S. companies continue to outsource to China to take advantage of cheap labor, and those goods are then shipped to the U.S. Meanwhile, U.S. exports to China are growing as wages in that country increase and residents consume more, but not nearly as quickly as imports. The standard of living in China is still relatively low.
Also, China puts high tariffs on many American products while U.S. tariffs on Chinese products are low. And the dollar is strong, particularly in relation to the Chinese yuan. That makes U.S. goods more expensive for Chinese customers, and Chinese goods cheaper for Americans.
Q: What U.S. goods are exported to China and which Chinese goods are imported to the U.S.?
Some of the goods exported by the U.S. include industrial supplies, foods, airplanes and car parts and machinery. Goods imported to the U.S. from China include consumer electronics and clothing.
Q: Why has Trump made China such a big issue?
Politics plays a huge role. The Rust Belt states were very much in play for Trump, and they knew that the message of bringing jobs back from China would resonate with voters. It worked. “There's certainly a sense in heartland America that trade has not worked well for average workers, especially in the manufacturing sector,” says Eswar Prasad, an economics professor at Cornell University. “It's a lot easier to blame the external boogeyman as the main culprit for the job losses. It presented a fat and juicy target.”
Q: What does Trump want from China?
As seen in their recent negotiations with Carrier to keep operations in the U.S.,Trump has shown that the appearance of victory matters to him. So he's looking for concessions, says Mauro Guillen, an economics professor at the University of Pennsylvania. “What they want is to score some kind of victory, at least symbolic,” they say.
They may also have more substantive goals in mind, says Matthew Kahn, an economics professor at the University of Southern California. Trump could negotiate to broaden local market access for American companies, restrict its theft of U.S. intellectual property and continue Chinese investment in U.S. real estate and universities. “I think they want China to consume more of our exports,” Kahn says. “He wants more American success there.”
Q: China has been accused of currency manipulation. Does this continue? How does it affect our trade policy and American companies' operations?
China pegs the yuan to the dollar, giving the government much control over its value. Most advanced economies let their currencies “float,” allowing market forces to dictate their currency value.
For years, China has deliberately devalued its currency, which made its exports cheaper. But the practice has faded in the past two years, Prasad says. With the Chinese economy cooling, market forces have driven the yuan to an eight-year low against the dollar in November. And China's central bank and other state-owned banks have been intervening to ensure it's not depreciating too far,” Prasad says. “Right now, it's doing the reverse of currency manipulating,” they say. “It's helping the U.S.”
Q: How does the trade deficit with China affect the U.S. economy?
For most Americans, the trade deficit is manifested on the shelves of stores like Walmart. Consumer goods have gotten cheaper because companies can make them at low cost in China. “The U.S. is a stronger nation because of trades with China,” Khan says. “I don't think it's a bad thing that we have a deficit with China.”
But don't tell that to factory workers in Michigan and Ohio. Many factors have contributed to the exodus of jobs in those regions, including automation. But there's no denying that American manufacturing jobs have been lost due to offshoring. Free trade “may come at the expense of some jobs in the U.S. But Americans have developed a taste for cheap consumer goods,” Guillen says.
Q: Trump has threatened to slap Chinese imports to the U.S. with 45% tariffs. Would that be effective in narrowing the trade deficit and bringing jobs back to the U.S.?
Unlikely, economists say. Any measures to lower imports of Chinese products — say, a tariff on a specific industry — will likely result in a tit-for-tat response from China, resulting in higher prices for U.S. exports.
Many U.S. manufacturers then will simply move operations to other countries with low costs, such as Vietnam. Raising tariffs is not a guaranteed remedy for regenerating U.S. manufacturing jobs, Prasad says.
China could seek to make accessing the Chinese market difficult for American companies. That could mean unforeseen licensing requirements and administrative procedures. Chinese students could be held back from attending American universities. Airbus' planes could be favored over Boeing. Intellectual property laws may not be enforced as aggressively. China “can start to restrict its market even more," Prasad says. "There's a lot they can do.”
Meanwhile, higher prices on Chinese imports to the U.S. will affect working-class Americans disproportionately, possibly leading to concerns about inflation.
Q: What is Trump's endgame?
Despite Trump's tweets that were antagonistic toward China, few economists expect them to risk a full trade war. But if they followed through on some campaign promises — such as tariffs or formally declaring China a currency manipulator — “that'd signal an opening salvo,” Prasad says.
Economists say Trump may be approaching the issue as a business dealer, bluffing and stretching boundaries to extract better deals. But the United States' need for access to the Chinese market isn't waning, and Trump must tread carefully in their dealings, they say.
Q: China's economy is slowing down. Why is this worrisome to Americans?
The Chinese economy continues to grow, just not at the rate it once did a few years ago. A slowing Chinese economy would mean less global demand for oil, steel, food and other commodities as well as fewer purchases of American real estate and luxury goods, and perhaps even a slowdown in China's purchase of U.S. Treasuries.
Q: How is China trying to spark faster economic growth?
Facing more competition from countries with low-cost labor, such as Vietnam and Bangladesh, the Chinese government has started to shift from an export-driven economy to one fueled by domestic consumption. But the initiative has been slow to take effect as the Chinese are known to be aggressive savers. “They don't have Medicare or Social Security,” Guillen says. “China has 400 million people still living in poverty in rural areas. They're not ready to move toward a consumer-oriented economy.”
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2iaKTkJ
Cailin Pitt – a member of the #OSUDivest group and a Resident Advisor on campus – posted a tweet threatening the lives of student government members who oppose the looming “Boycott, Divest and Sanction” resolution being considered by Ohio State's Student Government on March 23.
The tweet has since been deleted, but is one more example of the violent tactics used by #OSUDivest supporters, including OSU's Committee for Justice in Palestine.
This is unacceptable. Call on OSU administrators to condemn these remarks, and urge your student government members not to be swayed by these scare tactics.
Cailin Pitt has history of violent tweets:
Cailin Pitt Threatened To Kill Everyone In USG If The Divestment Resolution Wasn't Passed.
Pitt Suggested They Would Not Help A Friend Who Was Being Robbed If That Friend Believed “All Lives Matter.” (Cailin Pitt Twitter Profile, https://twitter.com/, 3/21/16)
Pitt Admitted 80% Of Their Tweets Are About Things They Hate. (Cailin Pitt Twitter Profile, https://twitter.com/, 3/7/16)
Pitt Claimed They Wished Someone Would Say Something About Banning Muslims From The U.S. So They Could “Drag” Them. (Cailin Pitt Twitter Profile, https://twitter.com/, 3/22/16)
Pitt Encouraged Bernie Sanders To “Drag” People. (Cailin Pitt Twitter Profile, https://twitter.com/, 3/6/16)
A Definition For “Drag” On Urban Dictionary: “To Beat The Shit Out Of Somebody.” (Drag, Urban Dictionary, http://www.urbandictionary.com/, 1/22/07)
Pitt Suggested They Would Rather Die Than Vote For Hillary Clinton Or Donald Trump For President. (Cailin Pitt Twitter Profile, https://twitter.com/, 3/15/16)
The Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions this week approved a bill(www.help.senate.gov) meant to ease the headache of clumsy health IT systems that demand too much effort for too little benefit.
The Academy has amplified family physicians' criticism of health IT systems that do not allow for sharing of information with other physicians or institutions unless an additional fee is paid. Physicians point out that although they are held accountable for how the technology is used, the vendors that sell the technology are not held accountable for business practices that hinder information-sharing.
The AAFP offered several recommendations to improve the legislation in a Jan. 29 letter(5-page PDF) to Sens. Lamar Alexander, R-Tenn., and Patty Murray, D.-Wash., the chair and ranking member of the committee, respectively. Previously, (then) AAFP President Robert Wergin, M.D., of Milford, Neb., testified before the committee about difficulties that health IT systems cause physicians.
The Improving Health Information Technology Act(www.help.senate.gov) would establish standards for interoperability, vendor performance and care coordination in health IT systems.
"System interoperability, which is the ability to share and utilize information between two or more information systems, is critical in today's health care environment," the AAFP said in its letter. "Yet significant challenges continue to impede true information reciprocity across the spectrum of care."
The bill directs HHS to create standards for information exchange among IT vendors. If enacted, the agency also would be tasked with spelling out what actions constitute information blocking and authorizing the Office of the Inspector General to investigate allegations of such practices.
Legislators also included language that would set standards for health IT vendors by establishing specific performance areas they would be graded on.
Currently, such grading would be difficult because many contracts prohibit physicians from commenting about their health IT vendors. The legislation would increase transparency by creating a council to rate health IT companies, which would include members from primary care and subspecialties.
The AAFP urged senators to establish a five-star rating system for health IT vendors and to include public health officials and state IT specialists on the council.
"Establishing a quality rating system should provide as much information as possible and distinguish clearly between strong and poor performers," the letter stated.
Under the bill, health IT systems would be evaluated on their ability to access state health registries and other public health data registries. The AAFP said such evaluations should rate systems on their ability to enable care coordination and facilitate clinical decision-making. Too often, electronic records contain numerous pages of data that are irrelevant to patient care.
"The ability to interface with public health data registries is essential for primary care physicians," said the letter. "Standards that require efficient clinical decision-making have tremendous potential to improve usability for physicians and to promote patient health and safety. Unfortunately, this is a serious flaw in many electronic health record systems."
The bill also states that patients should be able to receive their complete health profile from an electronic record. The AAFP supports the provision but stated in its letter that the requirement should focus on clinical health information rather than on billing details, which are extensive and often confusing to patients.
The AAFP also expressed concern about providing unique patient information to individuals or institutions that are not subject to privacy regulations.
"We need new approaches, such as a strategy for patient identifiers so consumers can be safely and efficiently added to a trusted exchange," said the letter.
Related AAFP News Coverage
Brookings Institution Event
Diverse Panel Discusses Past, Present, Future of Health IT
(2/8/2016)
Meaningful Use Program Officially Shelved
AAFP Cautiously Optimistic About CMS Announcement
(1/14/2016)
More Anthrax Attacks Mystery
In our latest “Big John”—Uncle John's HEAVY DUTY Bathroom Reader, there is a long article (starting on page 75) about the 2001 “Anthrax Attacks,” during which several letters containing a powdered form of the deadly bacterium anthrax were mailed to several media outlets, as well as two U.S. senators. The attacks killed five people.
We finished our story by telling how the FBI, in February 2010, closed the case, naming as the sole culprit Dr. Bruce Ivins, one of the U.S. Army's own microbiologists, and how a lot of people who had been following the case for years found that troubling. For starters: Ivins's boss at Ft. Detrick, the Maryland Army lab where Ivins worked with anthrax, said Ivins did not have the skill to make the weaponized, powdered form of the toxin that was used in the attacks. Adding to the intrigue was the fact that Ivins died of an apparent suicide shortly before the FBI named them as the sole suspect in 2008.
Well, now another shoe has dropped. It now seems that even if Ivins possessed the ability to make the anthrax, they didn't have the tools to do so, at least not at the time and place the FBI said they did:
Now, however, Justice Department lawyers have acknowledged in court papers that the sealed area in Ivins' lab — the so-called hot suite — didn't contain the equipment needed to turn liquid anthrax into the refined powder that floated through congressional buildings and post offices in the fall of 2001.
This is very, very strange. Check this out:
• A big part of the FBI's case against Ivins (voluminous FBI documents here) was the fact, apparently undisputed, that Ivins spent some odd, late night sessions at the “so-called hot suite” mentioned above in the Fall of 2001—right before the attacks. That, the FBI said, or at least very strongly implied, is where Ivins concocted the weaponized, powdered anthrax.
• Now according to papers filed by the Justice Department—you know, the people who run the FBI—the equipment to make the weaponized, powdered anthrax was not at the “so-called hot suite” in the Fall of 2001.
• Does not compute.
This case is going to be making news for a very long time to come, we think. Strange, strange, JFKesque news.
Getty Image
There's going to be a lot of news coming out of tonight's San Diego Comic-Con panel for Avengers: Age of Ultron, and basically just the Marvel Universe in general. My colleagues will probably do the best job in the UPROXX Universe of gathering as much of that information as possible tonight and in the morning, but right now I just have to freak the hell out over Josh Brolin showing up to tonight's panel to be introduced as the man playing Thanos, while they wore the Infinity Gauntlet. Seriously, this is me right now…
I barely have it in me to get into one of my silly, nonsensical and borderline stupid rants about how much I want to see the Infinity Gauntlet on the big screen, but seeing Brolin throw the most powerful fist in the universe into the sky like that is sure to have fans losing their sh*t tonight. So let's all enjoy it and pray that the Avengers: Age of Ultron sizzle reel is leaked ASAP, so those of us not cool enough to make it to San Diego get to join in on the fun eventually. (Or maybe just slide it in after Guardians of the Galaxy next weekend.)
Move over Chet Haze, because Gabe Day has come into our lives like a light beamed directly from Planet Douche to claim their rightful place as the most horrifying rapping-son-of-an-Oscar-Winning-Actor we've discovered this year. Above is their newest video for the song "Green Auras," shot on location at Gabe Day's very own Sarah Lawrence College, where they attend and according to this video, smokes mountains of weed. This video is filled with other white kids who are (presumably?) Gabe Day's friends, and they're split evenly between streetwear-clad white dudes looking reverently at the almighty Gabe Day, and then liberal arts kids who are clearly just there for the free weed and can barely keep from laughing their asses off.
The crux of this song is more or less that Gabe Day is here to kick some old-school knowledge of self straight into your ear, starting with the fact that it's totally unchill to judge people for having famous parents. They rap, "Judgin' someone for their dad is just as bad as being racist," moments after they assert, "Call me Gabe Day and not Gabe Day-Lewis, because if you're trying to call me out I'm 'bout to Gabe Day-Lose-It!" While it's not fair to blow up a college kid's spot, we at Noisey feel no absolutely no remorse about making fun of Gabe Day-Lose-It, because complaining about how your dad won an Oscar for Lincoln has made your life harder is the most privileged form of mental anguish possible, and if Gabe Day doesn't understand that then they are doomed to be hated by everyone forever.
Other annoying things about this video: Gabe Day's YSL snapback, the couplet "I did too many drugs / felt like copin' on my own when all I needed was a hug," the fact that the twitter (@GABE_DL) the end of the video points to isn't live, this behind-the-scenes video where they say, "Fuck, man, nothing beats real lyrical J. Cole," the X Gabe Day has tatted on their hand, the skull mask they wear, their wooden Africa pendant, and pretty much everything else about "Green Auras." They make me miss Tom Hanks' son Chet Haze, because at least that dude was kind of fun, in the stupidest way possible.
And now, here is a video of Gabe Day rap battling at their fancy private school, using both homophobic slurs and an Irish accent.
Update: Someone—not Gabe Day himself, sadly—has taken it upon themselves to claim Gabe Day's heretofore-vacant Twitter handle, and is now tweeting ridiculous things.
Drew Millard weeps for the children. He's on Twitter - @drewmillard
There were 32 potential tiebreaker possibilities for the ACC's Coastal Division race when play began Saturday. After Duke's 28-21 victory at Wake Forest and Miami's 45-26 win against Miami, the possibilities are down to just four.
Coach David Cutcliffe's surprising Blue Devils (9-2, 5-2 ACC) can render the rest of them moot by beating rival North Carolina in Chapel Hill next week. They currently hold a half-game lead on Georgia Tech (7-4, 5-3) and a full game advantage on Miami (8-3, 4-3), Virginia Tech (7-4, 4-3) and UNC (6-5, 4-3).
A Tar Heel win, however, would force a tie among as many as five teams, leaving the division's representative in the ACC Championship Game against Florida State in Charlotte on Dec. 7 up to the results of several other games.
Here are all the scenarios:
■ A Miami win against Pittsburgh and a Virginia Tech victory against Virginia would create a five-way tie for the Coastal title. In that instance, the Hokies would go to Charlotte on the strength of their 3-1 record against the other four teams. The Blue Devils, Yellow Jackets and Hurricanes would be 2-2 against the group while the Tar Heels would be 1-3.
■ A Virginia Tech win and a Miami loss would create a four-way tie between Duke, UNC, Georgia Tech and the Hokies. In that case, the championship game representative would be decided between the two Techs based on their 2-1 record against the others in the deadlock. The Hokies would again get the nod on the strength of their head-to-head win against the Hurricanes.
■ A Miami win and a Virginia Tech loss would also create a four-way tie. In this case, the Hurricanes and Georgia Tech would have the advantage because of their 2-1 records against the others, with Miami getting the nod because of its head-to-head win against Georgia Tech.
■ Finally, in the event of losses by both Miami and Virginia Tech, a three-way tie between Duke, UNC and Georgia Tech would break the Yellow Jackets' way because of wins against both the Blue Devils and Tar Heels.
Have you got that?
Good, there will be a pop quiz on it in the morning.
The map that shows where America came from: Fascinating illustration shows the ancestry of EVERY county in the US
Census data shows heritage of 317 million modern Americans
Clusters show where immigrants from different nations chose to settle
Largest ancestry grouping in the nation are of German descent with almost 50 million people
African American or Black is the second largest grouping with just over 40 million people
Almost 20 million people claim to have 'American' ancestry for political reasons and because they are unsure of their family's genealogy
Advertisement
A truly captivating map that shows the ancestry of everyone of the 317 million people who call the melting pot of America home can now be seen on a U.S. Census Bureau map.
For decades, the United States opened its doors and welcomed with open arms millions of immigrants who all arrived through New York's Ellis Island in the hope of a better life in America.
Indeed, the inscription on the Statue of Liberty in New York's harbor reads 'Give me your tired, your poor, your huddled masses yearning to be free' and the fascinating map identifies the truly diverse nature of the United States in the 21st century.
Although the 2010 census left out questions about ethnicity, this map shows how it looked in 2000, according to Upworthy .
Melting pot: This map shows the ethnic heritage of Americans
49,206,934 Germans
By far the largest ancestral group, stretching from coast to coast across 21st century America is German, with 49,206,934 people. The peak immigration for Germans was in the mid-19th century as thousands were driven from their homes by unemployment and unrest.
The majority of German-Americans can now be found in the the center of the nation, with the majority living in Maricopa County, Arizona and according to Business Insider, famous German-Americans include, Ben Affleck, Tom Cruise, Walt Disney, Henry J. Heinz and Oscar Mayer.
Indeed, despite having no successful New World colonies, the first significant groups of German immigrants arrived in the United States in the 1670s and settled in New York and Pennsylvania.
Germans were attracted to America for familiar reasons, open tracts of land and religious freedom and their contributions to the nation included establishing the first kindergartens, Christmas trees and hot dogs and hamburgers.
41,284,752 Black or African Americans
The census map also identifies, Black or African-American as a term for citizens of the United States who have ancestry in Sub-Saharan Africa.
The majority of African Americans are descended from slaves from West and Central Africa and of course have become an integral part of the story of the United States, gaining the right to vote with the 15th amendment in 1870, but struggling with their civil rights for at least another century.
Predominantly living in the south of the nation where they were brought to work on the cotton plantations and as slaves in the late 18th to mid-19th centuries, Black or African Americans also have sizable communities in the Chicago area of Illinois and Detroit, Michigan.
35,523,082 Irish
Another group who joined the great story of the United States were the Irish and the great famine of the 1840s sparked mass migration from Ireland.
It is estimated that between 1820 and 1920, 4.5 million Irish moved to the United States and settled in the large cities like New York, Boston, Philadelphia, Chicago and San Francisco.
Currently, almost 12 percent of the total population of the United States claim Irish ancestry - compared with a total population of six and a half million for the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland today.
Irish residents of note include John F. Kennedy, Derek Jeter and Neil Armstrong and 35,523,082 people call themselves Irish.
31,789,483 Mexican
And from 1990 to 2000, the number of people who claimed Mexican ancestry almost doubled in size to 31,789,483 people.
Those with Mexican ancestry are most common along the Southwestern border of the United States and is the largest ancestry in Los Angeles, Houston, Phoenix, San Diego, Dallas and San Antonio.
26,923,091 English
The next largest grouping of people in the United States by ancestry are those who claim to be English-American.
Predominantly found in the Northwest and West, the number of people directly claiming to be English-American has dropped by 20 million since the 1980 U.S. Census because more citizens have started to identify themselves as American.
They are based predominantly in the northeast of the country in New England and in Utah, where the majority of Mormon immigrants moved in the middle 19th century.
Notable American people with English ancestry are Orson Welles and Bill Gates and 26,923,091 people claim to come from the land of the original Pilgrims.
19,911,467 Americans
The surprising number of people across the nation claiming to have American ancestry is due to them making a political statement, or because they are simply uncertain about their direct descendants. Indeed, this is a particularly common feature in the south of the nation, where political tensions between those who consider themselves original settlers and those who are more recent exist.
Historic Moment: A painting of Plymouth, Massachusetts, USA depicting the Landing of Pilgrims at Plymouth Rock
Nebraska, USA --- A family poses with the covered wagon in which they live and travel daily during their pursuit of a homestead. Loup Valley, Nebraska. 1886
17,558,598 Italian
One of the most influential nationalities to migrate in large numbers to the United States were the Italians.
Between 1880 and 1920, more than 4 million Italian immigrants arrived in the United States forming 'Little Italies' wherever they went.
Bringing their food, culture and entertainment to the nation, another large wave of Italian immigrants arrived in the country following WWII, bringing the total number today to 17,558,598 people.
9,739,653 Polish
The largest of the Slavic groups to live in the United States, Polish Americans were some of the earliest Eastern European colonists to the New World.
Up to 2.5 million Polies came to the United States between the mid-19th century and World War 1 and flocked to the largest industrial cities of New York, Buffalo, Cleveland, Milwaukee and Chicago.
In many states, the Hispanic population doubled between the 2000 and 2010 census. In New Mexico, Hispanics outstripped whites for the first time, reaching 46 per cent compared to 40 per cent.
9,136,092 French
Historically, along with the English, the French colonized North America first and successfully in the North East in the border areas alongside Quebec and in the south around New Orleans and Louisiana.
Ellis Island, Statue of Liberty National Monument, New Jersey, New York City, USA --- A portrait of Polish and Slavic immigrant women wearing I.D. tags at the turn of the 20th century
The figures reveal the changing face of the U.S., with the number of Hispanics up by 15 million by the 2010 census, from these figures in 2000.
Hispanic children now account for one in four American youngsters as a portrait emerges of a country with an aging white population and rapid minority growth.
While Hispanic communities cover a swath of states from California to Texas, American Indians are more dispersed, with pockets of populations in states including Arizona, New Mexico, Montana and the Dakotas, with a higher concentration in Alaska.
The map also reveals a concentration of people stating American as their ethnic heritage, mostly in the South.
Many may have stated American on the census form as a political statement, or because they have a mixed or unknown heritage, according to Business Insider .
While the United States has its roots in being a welcoming place for immigrants, that hasn't always been the case. As a wave of new arrivals flooded U.S. shores in the late 19th and early 20th centuries, but a movement to restrict who was allowed into the country took hold as well.
In 1882, Congress enacted the Chinese Exclusion Act, the first major federal law to put immigration limits in place and the only one in American history aimed at a specific nationality. It came into being in response to fears, primarily on the West Coast, that an influx of Chinese immigrants was weakening economic conditions and lowering wages. It was extended in 1902.
Other laws followed, like the Immigration Act of 1917, which created an "Asiatic Barred Zone" to restrict immigration from that part of the world, and the Emergency Quota Act of 1921, which limited the number of immigrants from any country to 3 percent of those people from that country who had been living in the United States as of 1910.
The 1924 Immigration Act capped the number of immigrants from a particular country at 2 percent of the population of that country already living in the United States in 1890. That favored immigrants from northern and western European countries like Great Britain over immigrants from southern and eastern European countries like Italy.
Ellis Island, Statue of Liberty National Monument, New Jersey, New York City, USA --- Immigrants stand with members of the New York Bible Society
Ellis Island, Statue of Liberty National Monument, New Jersey, New York City, USA: Immigrants online leaving Ellis Island waiting for ferry to N.Y
It also prevented any immigrant ineligible for citizenship from coming to America. Since laws already on the books prohibited people of any Asian origin from becoming citizens, they were barred entry. The law was revised in 1952, but kept the quota system based on country of origin in the U.S. population and only allowed low quotas to Asian nations.
The American children of Italian and other European immigrants saw that law "as a slur against their own status" and fought for the system to be changed, said Mae Ngai, professor of history and Asian American studies at Columbia University. In fighting for change, they looked to the civil rights movement.
The political leaders who agreed with them saw it in the same terms, as a change needed for equality's sake, as well as to be responsive to shifting relationships with nations around the world.
Speaking to the American Committee on Italian Migration in June 1963, President John F. Kennedy cited the "nearly intolerable" plight of those who had family members in other countries who wanted to come to the U.S. and could be useful citizens, but were being blocked by "the inequity and maldistribution of the quota numbers."
Two years later, in signing into law a replacement system that established a uniform number of people allowed entry to the United States despite national origin, President Lyndon B. Johnson said it would correct "a cruel and enduring wrong in the conduct of the American nation."
Media playback is not supported on this device FA Cup: Arsenal 1-2 Watford highlights
Watford stunned FA Cup holders Arsenal at the Emirates Stadium to book their place in the semi-finals at Wembley.
Odion Ighalo scored their first goal in 599 minutes to put the away side ahead early in the second half after Arsenal had spurned a series of good chances.
Adlene Guedioura then smashed home with the visitors' second shot on target.
Substitute Danny Welbeck scored with two minutes left to set up a dramatic finish, before missing the chance to force a replay from an open goal.
With Costel Pantilimon beaten after an Alex Iwobi effort had come back off the post, Welbeck could only stab the ball agonisingly wide as they struggled to keep their balance on the turn.
Relive Watford's victory over Arsenal
Media playback is not supported on this device Welbeck miss: 'Wide, impossibly wide'
Following defeats by Swansea and Barcelona, this was Arsenal's third consecutive loss at the Emirates - their worst home run since moving from Highbury in 2006.
And it could have been worse for the Gunners, with defender Gabriel fortunate to escape punishment for a two-footed tackle on Troy Deeney before the break.
Is Arsenal's season over?
Defeat here to Swansea in early March saw Arsenal's Premier League aspirations take a serious blow, and with the gap to leaders Leicester having since moved out to eight points, winning the title looks very unlikely.
Then followed their 2-0 reverse at home to Barcelona in the last 16 of the Champions League. Not many Gunners fans will be betting against the Spanish side progressing at their expense in the second leg on Wednesday.
Victory in this year's FA Cup was without a doubt the club's best chance of silverware. And it would have been Wenger's seventh triumph, making them the most successful manager in the history of the competition.
Now, though, the pressure will be on the Frenchman like never before during their near 20-year reign in north London.
If Arsenal's two consecutive FA Cup trophies were supposed to demonstrate progress towards winning the league or the Champions League, what does this season's disappointing exit herald?
How a familiar goal changed the game
Odion Ighalo's previous goal was in the fourth round of the FA Cup against Nottingham Forest
In the opening period Ighalo - who had not scored since January during the fourth-round win against Nottingham Forest - looked a pale shadow of the player they were in the first half of the season.
How goals transform a striker's confidence though, and when the opener came it had a very familiar feel about it.
Strike-partner Troy Deeney provided the assist, as they have for so many of Ighalo's 17 goals, rising above both Calum Chambers and Per Mertesacker to flick on to the Nigerian, who spun away from Gabriel to fire home on the turn.
It was a familiar goal for Arsenal, too. Once again they had gone behind after failing to make their early dominance tell, and once again the defending was soft.
Arsenal had a total of 20 shots as Watford defended their own goal (left), but only four of those hit the target. The Hornets meanwhile, had just two shots on target - and scored them both.
No such criticisms could be made of Watford's second though; Guedioura's stunning strike soared into the top corner.
But clearly Arsenal were left vulnerable by the chances they failed to take, with Mohamed Elneny spurning two clear first-half openings.
Man of the match - Odion Ighalo (Watford)
Ighalo re-found their goalscoring form when it mattered, and improved immensely on a poor first half with their confidence back
What the managers said
Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger: "Our fantastic run has come to an end on a day where we felt that our performance deserved a win. Credit to Watford, they created few chances but took them all. It's sad because we gave everything.
"The players don't miss on purpose. You have to be realistic. Of course on the first goal, we made a mistake.
Media playback is not supported on this device Exit from FA Cup very sad - Arsene Wenger
"It is very difficult against Barcelona, but we have to see it as a challenge and try to make the impossible possible."
Watford manager Quique Flores: "It was difficult in the first half, we tried to contain Arsenal and then try to create attempts and play well.
"In the last two months we were being competitive, but not winning. I feel fantastic, I'm really happy for the players and the fans. They follow us and it is an amazing prize for them.
"I have memories on television of the old Wembley and watching in Spain and seeing the finals of this competition. I've just arrived in England, and to get there is exciting."
The stats you need to know
This is Arsenal's first FA Cup defeat since February 2013 when they lost to Blackburn - 756 days and 16 matches ago.
Watford have reached the FA Cup semi-final for the first time since 2007, where they lost to Manchester United.
Arsenal have lost three successive home games in all competitions for the first time since November 2002.
The Hornets earned their first win against Arsenal since April 1988.
Troy Deeney has eight assists in all competitions this season, five more than any other Watford player.
Everton's Ross Barkley (10) is the only English player in the Premier League with more assists in all competitions than Deeney this season (eight).
What next?
Arsenal's next match is Wednesday's Champions League last-16 second leg away to Barcelona (19:45 GMT), with the Gunners 2-0 down from the home tie. Watford next play at home to Stoke in the Premier League on Saturday (15:00 GMT).
A rich and passionate biography of a language and the dream of world harmony it sought to realize
In 1887, Ludwig Lazarus Zamenhof, a Polish Jew, had the idea of putting an end to tribalism by creating a universal language, one that would be equally accessible to everyone in the world. The result was Esperanto, a utopian scheme full of the brilliance, craziness, and grandiosity that characterize all such messianic visions.
In this first full history of a constructed language, poet and scholar Esther Schor traces the life of Esperanto. They follow the path from its invention by Zamenhof, through its turn-of-the-century golden age as the great hope of embattled cosmopolites, to its suppression by nationalist regimes and its resurgence as a bridge across the Cold War. They plunge into the mechanics of creating a language from scratch, one based on rational systems that would be easy to learn, politically neutral, and allow all to speak to all. Rooted in the dark soil of Europe, Esperanto failed to stem the continent's bloodletting, of course, but as Schor shows, the ideal continues draw a following of modern universalists dedicated to its visionary goal.
Rich and subtle, Bridge of Words is at once a biography of an idea, an original history of Europe, and a spirited exploration of the only language charged with saving the world from itself.
In a move reminiscent of the Disney vault, Warner Bros. has announced they plan to quit shipping DVD and Blu-Rays of the Harry Potter series.
On Dec. 29, the discs will no longer be shipped to retailers. This includes single film editions, special editions and box sets. In an even more unusual move, this will occur a little over a month after the final film in the series, Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows, Part 2, is released on DVD on Nov. 11.
The move is most likely to get people to purchase the entire set for Christmas, which they will be able to with the Harry Potter: The Complete 8-Film Collection, which will cost about $60.
The Harry Potter films have earned more than $12.1 billion, with $5.1 billion coming from DVD sales.
The recent death of former US president George W. Bush is burying the US under an avalanche of eulogizing of the famous man.
Here is an article that is a little less flattery of the man, who held back on an adequate response to the AIDS epidemic.
https://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/opinion-george-hw-bush-lgbtq_us_5c0366ffe4b0606a15b5efa7
The Media Is Erasing George H.W. Bush's Catastrophic Harm To LGBTQ People
It's no surprise that after the death of former president George H.W. Bush we're seeing media pundits, advocates and popular historians promote a rosy view of their tenure as president. In the era of Donald Trump, there's a tendency to portray every Republican leader of the past in a nostalgic, sugar-coated way.
The first thing that caught my eye was a report on CNN's website that included a tweet from the president of Covenant House, a charity that runs shelters across the U.S. for homeless youth and which has a historical connection to the Catholic Church. The tweet included photos of the former president and the late first lady Barbara Bush hugging children, implying that Bush was an important advocate for people with AIDS.
Perhaps that was what Bush “believed,” but it was far from the truth. Bush was as captive to the evangelical right on social issues — and thus a decidedly Republican president — as was their predecessor, Ronald Reagan, who cultivated religious conservatives as a potent political force and bowed to their anti-LGBTQ agenda as the AIDS epidemic mushroomed in the 1980s.
Reagan's history of callously ignoring the epidemic while thousands died is well-documented. Bush, at the outset of their term, promised a “kinder, gentler” presidency than the man he'd served under as vice president. They even gave a speech on the AIDS epidemic in 1990, which was long on compassion but short on strategy and commitment to funding. During the speech, in fact, Urvashi Vaid, an invited guest and then the executive director of the prominent National Gay and Lesbian Task Force, now the National LGBTQ Task Force, took the unprecedented and heroic act of standing up and holding a sign, “Talk Is Cheap. AIDS Funding Is Not.”
Bush, in the end, bowed to the same extremists Reagan did when it came to AIDS and LGBTQ rights. As The Washington Post noted, Bush allowed evangelicals to mature as a movement within the GOP after Reagan brought them in, rather than pushing back.
The Bluedriver OBD2 diagnostic scanner is a high-end scan tool trusted by mechanics and developed by professional engineers in North America. It is also officially licensed and certified for Android and Apple devices.
The code reader is different from other Bluetooth scan tools in that it not only reads and clears diagnostic trouble codes but as well performs more functions such as graphing of engine parameters and real-time data logging. Apart from this, it also offers a vehicle-specific list of possible causes and can provide a list of the most common fixes for that particular trouble code. Read this Bluedriver Obd2 review to know more about this scanner.
Technical Specifications of the Bluedriver Obd2 Scan Tool
Features BlueDriver OBD2 Works: ALL 1996 and newer vehicles Check Engine Light: Yes Live Data: Display multiple PIDs as a graph, gauge, or digital readout (or export the log to a file) Freeze Frame: Vehicle snapshot when a code is stored Read and Clear CEL Codes: Yes(Confirmed, Pending, and Permanent for all makes) Repair Reports: Code Definition, Possible Causes, Reported Fixes (Vehicle-specific for each DTC) Modes: 6 (Advanced test results) Airbag, ABS Check: Yes Vehicle Coverage: GM: including Chevrolet, GMC, Buick, Cadillac, Saturn, Pontiac, etc.
Ford: including Ford, Mercury & Lincoln
Chrysler: including Chrysler, Jeep, Dodge, Ram, & Plymouth
Toyota: including Toyota, Lexus & Scion
Nissan: including Nissan, Infiniti & Renault
BMW brands sold in North America: including BMW & Mini (2005 models & newer)
Honda brands sold in North America: including Honda and Acura (2003 models & newer)
Volkswagen brands sold in North America: Audi,including VW, Bentley and Lamborghini Software Update: Free updates Warranty: 1-year warranty Price: Check Today's Price
So, whether you're a pro mechanic or a DIYer enthusiast looking for a quality OBD2 scan tool, the Bluedriver diagnostic code reader will save you both time and money when troubleshooting faulty vehicle parts. It also provides fast data transfer and quick repair report that makes the work of the user to be easy. Use this device to read and clear error codes in 1996 or newer vehicles.
Bluetooth Scanner Bluedriver OBD2 Review 2019
The Bluedriver app is made and assembled in the United States. So, you can trust it fully as it meets all the standards and requirements of a professional OBD2 scan tool.
The Bluedriver OBD2 scanner is of a compact design and lightweight. It measures 5.5 by 3.3 by 2.2 inches in size and weighs around 3.2 ounces. This makes it be very portable and easy to store.
The Bluedriver device is compatible with Android and iOS devices. Note that it cannot be used on Windows phone as it is not compatible. This is a setback if you own a Windows phone.
It reads and clears trouble codes such as engine trouble codes, ABS codes, SRS codes, airbag codes and Transmission codes.
Bluedriver provides quick repair solutions as you can send trouble code report through email and receive the procedure from identifix.
It will help you know if you will pass or fail the smog check.
It comes with free vehicle-specific repair reports drawn from a database of over 6.6 million fixes verified by auto certified mechanics.
The device works by linking up the Bluedriver app and the Bluedriver sensor
It performs advanced test results such as misfire counts for onboard diagnostic system monitors.
The data log function allows the user to save data to a CSV file
It has the ability to graph multiple data sources
Why Buy Bluedriver OBD2 Scanner?
User-friendly device – unlike conventional scan tools where you have to connect a cable to the scan in order to use it, this scanner just requires you to download the app on your smartphone and link it with the device.
Portable scanner – this code reader is lightweight and very portable. You can keep it in your pocket as you work on or repair cars. Alternatively, you can place in your backup and it won't weigh you down.
Convenient to use – this device is very convenient to use as all the results are displayed on your phone. You can store them or share with your client by sending them via Wi-Fi or Bluetooth connectivity.
Easy to install – installing this gadget is simple as you don't require any tools to do so. Just plug it in and download the app to start using the device.
Extensive vehicle coverage – the Bluedriver OBD2 scanner functions on all 1996 and newer vehicles – domestic and foreign vehicles. This makes it be suitable for car repair shops and mechanics.
Performs a wider range of functions – unlike several basic code readers, this scan tool does more than just reading and erasing error codes. It also allows real-time data logging and graphing of engine parameters.
Wireless connectivity – the wireless connectivity makes this scan tool to be flexible and very easy to use. You can read the error codes from a distance as you don't have to be necessarily in the car.
Free updates – this feature allows you to download the latest bug fixes so that your device can be up to date and be used on the latest car models.
Fast and reliable – the code reader transfer data from the vehicle to your phone very quickly. There is no time wasted waiting for the device to respond as it connects instantly to your phone.
Check Price
Advantages of this Tool:
OBD2 Bluetooth scanning tool does not require any wires
It does not take much place because there only a few things required – OBD2 adapter and your smartphone or tablet
Since scanning use third-party software it is easier to update. Often device communicates with the database so you can eliminate problems even smoother and more efficiently. It works on a wider range of vehicles
OBD2 tool is used only to transmit information on your device so it is fast and does not require any additional power source
Bluedriver Scan Tool Setbacks:
It is not compatible with Windows phone. So, if you have a Windows phone, look somewhere else as it will not be helpful to you.
The device is not compatible with some vehicles. Thus, you should check for compatibility before buying. Some of the vehicles that this device is not 100% compatible with are VW, BMW, Golf, Hyundai, and Volvo.
Many users have reported that the app has some flaws which the manufacturer should work on to make the device better.
A poor transmission has been reported. Since the device uses Wi-Fi to rely on data, people have reported that the connectivity is at times weak and not reliable.
It is doubtless that these devices have a few minuses. If you are running out of your smartphone or tablet and you don't have a charger you will not be able to do a service. This may cause a quandary as to get information about your vehicle. You will need to have a device that is capable to work.
Why buy Bluetooth Scan Tool?
OBD2 bluetooth scanning tool is one of the newest and most promising technologies. That will allow you to service your vehicle even easier and easier only with your smart phone or tablet. Thanks to this technology the user saves some money. It requires only OBD2 adapter and smartphone or tablet. In addition, it is very modern, because nowadays almost all people are using smart phones. It makes this OBD2 bluetooth scanner even more attractive and comfortable. Most of the OBD2 Scanner Bluetooth application developers or manufacturers allow sharing data collected about your vehicle so it is easier to share information and seek ways to resolve the problem.
However, technologies are evolving rapidly and they easily amaze us by all the high-quality products on the market. Obviously, products like these are OBD2 Bluetooth scanning tools. We can safely say that they will be popular products in the future. Sooner or later, they will probably replace the common OBD2 scanners which are used with wire because their use is a lot more convenient and simple. But professionals are still choosing scanners with wires so these new OBD2 Bluetooth scanning tools are usually used by ordinary people. That is because of their good price, great qualities and they are easy to use.
Summary
With such amazing features at a wonderful price, the Bluedriver OBD2 scan tool is a great tool for professional mechanics, technicians, and DIY enthusiasts. This device is portable, reliable, and convenient to use. There is no need to plug in a cable but simply download the app and view the error codes from your smartphone. Even though the code reader has its setbacks, the advantages outweigh them. But before buying this Bluetooth diagnostic scan tool, you need to ensure that it is compatible with your car make and model. I hope this Bluedriver Obd2 review will influence to your buying decision.
FAQ
Question: Do I have to leave the Bluedriver OBD2 scanner hooked in or plug it out?
Answer: As per experience, leaving the Bluedriver scanner plugged in your vehicle after reading the error codes will cause many issues. First of all, it will use up a lot of your fuel, which you won't like. Secondly, it can lead to communication problems in between modules and may cause with your vehicle operating optimally. So, remove the plug-in after reading the DTCs and definitions.
Question: Which one is better; a Bluetooth scan tool or a cable OBD2 code reader?
Answer: All of these scan tools have their own advantages and disadvantages. Scan tools that are plugged in using a cable offer more stable and fast results when compared to Bluetooth code readers. Bluetooth code readers may experience poor transmission which may lead to the delay of relaying of results. But when it comes to ease of use and flexibility, the Bluetooth is the better choice. Also, with the advancement in technology, the Bluetooth scanners are the future of OBD2 scanners.
Question: What is the importance of having an OBD2 code reader?
Answer: A diagnostic scanner saves you money and time spent visiting a car repair shop or mechanic. In addition, it saves you from danger as you're able to identify serious issues with your car and get your mechanic to repair them in good time. Also, scan tools help you diagnose some simple car issues by yourself. Scan tools are portable and allow you to diagnose your car anywhere. With a wide vehicle coverage, a single code reader is enough to diagnose your different car models and makes.
Still, have a question after reading this Bluedriver Obd2 review? Comment below.
Former Attorney General Eric Holder issued a scathing rebuke of the U.S. Justice Department's new tough sentencing mandate, calling the policy announced by Attorney General Jeff Sessions “dumb on crime.”
“It is an ideologically motivated, cookie-cutter approach that has only been proven to generate unfairly long sentences that are often applied indiscriminately and do little to achieve long-term public safety,” Holder said in a statement Friday.
Sessions outlined their new harsh sentencing policy in a memo to all federal prosecutors this week, beginning with the “core principle that prosecutors should charge and pursue the most serious, readily provable offense.”
“By definition,” Sessions clarified, “the most serious offenses are those that carry the most substantial guidelines sentence, including mandatory minimum sentences.”
Though the attorney general's memo did not refer to drug offenders specifically, their directive for prosecutors to pursue mandatory minimum sentences signaled a return to controversial drug-war-era policies that disproportionately targeted minority communities and packed federal prisons with small-time drug offenders serving lengthy sentences for low-level, nonviolent crimes.
The new policy is also a clear departure from the Obama administration's efforts to reform drug sentencing procedures and reduce the federal prison population. In particular, it moves to reverse the policy outlined by Holder in a 2013 memo that sought to give judges more discretion to avoid mandatory minimums and issue lighter sentences for nonviolent drug offenders.
In their lengthy statement, Holder called Sessions' new directive “unwise and ill-informed” as well as “absurd,” and warned that such a reversal of course on recent sentencing reform “will take this nation back to a discredited past.”
Read more from Yahoo News:
Do you remember last month when I wrote the blog post announcing the re-launch of the website? I was so excited that months of hard work finally come to fruition, and couldn't wait share it with all of you! Unfortunately, my joy was short-lived … and now I need your help.
Publishing that blog post revealed an 18-month scheme where my content – 228 blog posts and 863 photos in all – was stolen and re-publishing on the website of a publicly-traded company. When I demanded the removal of my posts and compensation for their use, the company responded by suing GoPetFriendly.com for $5 million. The entire story is laid out here, and I'm asking you to contribute to a GoFundMe account for legal fees to help us show this publicly-traded company that there are consequences for taking what doesn't belong to you.
Discovery
A few hours after publishing our excited announcement of the website re-launch, I discovered this tweet, which included the title of my post and one of my photos:
Using “GoPetFriendly” in the title (something I rarely do) triggered an alert that notifies me when people mention the website on Twitter. At first I thought this was a kind re-tweet … but then I noticed that the URL provided did not link to my website. A knot began to develop in the pit of my stomach because I've been through this before.
History
Two years ago another website was republishing my blog posts on their website without permission. It took weeks to get my articles and photos removed and more mental and emotional energy than I care to admit. I was really hoping to never have to experience that again.
To make it harder to swipe my content, I changed the RSS feed and email delivery of my posts so that our subscribers only receive the first few sentences followed by a link to the rest of the article. I hated making it harder for our friends to follow our adventures, but at least I was doing what I could to avoid delivering entire posts directly into the hands of people who would steal them.
The Treachery Runs Deep
But even that experience did not prepare me for what I found on this website. Dozens of my blog posts (225 at that point) had been duplicated in their entirety. A search revealed 23 pages of results for “GoPetFriendly” on their site.
And the posts included all of my photos, some of which were marked with my logo, which is a registered trademark with the US Patent and Trademark Office. Remember my post about Managing Wet Dogs in a Small Living Space? Here it is on their website:
Copyright Law Protecting Blog Posts
I'm not an attorney, but I've learned a bit about copyright protection over the years. This is what I know:
Whether or not you mark your work or state your ownership, copyright protection attaches to “original works of authorship” the moment it is “fixed in any tangible medium of expression.” For us bloggers, that means as soon as our text is saved on a hard drive or server, it's protected. And our photos enjoy copyright protection as soon as they're stored on our camera's memory card. Only the owner of a copyright is permitted to do or authorize any of the following: reproduce the work, prepare derivatives based upon the work, distribute copies of the work to the public, perform the work publicly, and display the work publicly. Works can be registered for copyright protection with the US Copyright Office for a reasonable fee. Guidelines for registering online works (including blog posts) is provided here. If you choose not to register your work you can still recover actual damages from the infringer, or any profits the infringer earned attributable to your work. If you register your work for copyright protection before an infringement occurs, or within three months of it's publication, and you win a judgement against an infringer, you can recover attorney fees and you can opt to collect statutory damages rather than actual damages.
Statutory damages are the court's “big stick.” Penalties imposed for infringement can range from several hundred dollars up to $30,000 per work. In cases where the court determines the infringement was “willful,” the damages awarded can be even higher – up to $150,000 per infringed work. Here is a link to the entire copyright act if you'd like further information.
Cease and Desist
On November 17th, right after discovering the infringing articles and snapping a few screen shots of them, I sent a Cease and Desist letter to the email addresses listed on the infringer's Contact Us page. A cease and desist is a common tool used to notify a party that they are infringing on your work and demanding that the offending material be removed from their website within 24 hours. I also included an invoice for the use of my blog posts over the past 18 months.
Then I began collecting the URLs of every infringing blog post on their website, took screen shots of many of them, and collected the tweets they'd published using my photos and linking to my stolen posts on their website:
Timeline of Events
The company did not respond to my initial email, but their website stated that they are publicly-traded, so with a little digging I was able to obtain a lot of information from the public filings. I spent hours over the next several days researching the business and this is what I learned:
The company was organized in 1987 and has changed names six times over the years.
On January 21, 2015, “… to diversify the Company's operations and pursue new business opportunities in the pet product industry,” the name was changed to ProActive Pet Products, Inc. from Registered Express Inc., which had focused on the digital mail business. (from the Sept 30, 2016 Financial Statements)
The infringement of my blog posts began on June 25, 2015, when they first republished my work on their website without permission.
On August 3, 2015, the company issued a press release announcing the completion of their new website and blog.
On March 17, 2016, the company's stock took a huge hit, declining more than 60% in one day, after a series of paid analyst reports had ignited trading over the previous few days. The company continued paying to pump up the stock through the end of June, but the stock price never rebounded.
On November 14, 2016, the company once again changed its name, this time to GVCL Ventures, Inc. and implemented a 1:10,000 reverse stock splits. This press release announced that, during the restructuring, the company also had a change in ownership and control.
The press release went on to describe the company as follows: “GVCL Ventures, Inc., through its wholly owned subsidiary, ProActive Pet Products, Inc., is a Nevada based pet product development company whose primary business is the manufacture and sale of its pet first aid kits and related products. Its expertise lies in the innovative development of its pet safety and health products, its recognition of the demands by dog and cat owners and the need for practical preparedness solutions.” It invited people to “visit ProActive Pet Products, Inc. at www.proactivepetproducts.com.”
Three days later, on November 17, 2016, I published GoPetFriendly.com Gets A Brand New Look and Improved Functionality, discovered the infringement, and reported it to the company using the contact information on their website.
On November 21, 2016 I sent a second email to the company using additional email addresses that I'd discovered in the public filings. By that time, three more of my posts had been republished on their site, bringing the total to 228.
On November 22, 2016, the company issued a press release announcing its purchase of GVCL Marketing, Corp., “… a specialty network marketing company that provides its clients access to a unique and extensive audience that they would not normally have access to.” The press release goes on to state, “In order for the Company to focus on its new business direction, it will no longer engage in the business of Proactive Pet Products.”
Making Contact
On November 22nd, I received a response from the new president of the company stating that the firm was under new management and had no knowledge of any infringement. I explained that I was aware of the change in control, but that the company was still liable for its liabilities. I pointed out that, under the new president's ownership, the company had continued to infringe on my content, and that if we couldn't reach an agreement, I'd have to involve my attorney.
At that point the company's entire website, my posts included, disappeared.
Fortunately, I collected screen shots and there are website archives like WayBackMachine.com to help preserve evidence in these types of cases.
Why Not Walks Away?
Most people have no idea how much time and effort it takes to write a good blog. Unless you're a blogger, or have witnessed the hours devoted to creating each post, it's difficult to understand how completely we pour our hearts, souls, and big chunks of our lives into these online chronicles.
But the GoPetFriendly.com blog is even more than my personal creative expression and way of connecting with fellow pet travelers. It's an avenue for building brand awareness for my company, for improving our search engine results, and driving traffic to the website – which I hope will someday provide a return on all the time and money we've invested.
To know that a publicly-traded company scraped my posts and used them for their own gain for more than a year, and then flat-out refused to take responsibility for their actions, is beyond infuriating. This situation is EXACTLY why the statutory damage provisions of the copyright laws were written – to prevent companies from taking advantage of the little guys.
And yet, it happens ALL THE TIME. So many of my friends have had their content stolen. Why? Because infringers know that bloggers rarely have the means to sue them. We send Cease and Desist letters, the company takes down the offending posts after benefitting from them for months or years, and that's the end. Basically, they suffer no consequences. And I'm sick of it.
After a week of discouraging email banter with the company, it was clear we were not making progress. I asked my attorney to send a letter to their attorney demanding compensation for the use of my articles. We calculated my actual damages to be $250 per blog post, which is how much I receive for writing posts for other companies, plus my attorney's fees. Trying to Turn the Tables
What happened next completely blind-sided me. The infringing company filed a lawsuit against GoPetFriendly.com demanding $5 million and a declaratory judgement that would prevent me from suing them for infringement.
The complaint requests that the court issue a declaratory judgment of non-infringement of alleged copyright(s) rights and further seeks declaratory judgment that any alleged copyright, trademark or trade dress rights asserted by GoPetFriendly are “invalid and unenforceable.”
The complaint goes on to explain that, “GVCL denies that it has infringed any copyrights owned by GoPetFriendly and that the infringement, if any, was undertaken without knowledge of GVCL by its former subsidiary, Proactive Pet Products, Inc. a Nevada corporation.”
The fact that Proactive Pet Products, Inc. was a wholly-owned subsidiary and under the complete control of GVCL, that at least three of my blog posts were infringed upon after the change in ownership, and that the subsidiary was shut down almost immediately after I informed management of the copyright infringement wasn't mentioned in the filing.
Will You Help Me?
This lawsuit is a classic stunt to get me to go away. It's a cheap attempt by a bully to force me to divert funds from pursuing my justified claim for infringement to defend this bogus allegation. Unfortunately, this is breaking point for most bloggers. Right and wrong succumb to dollars and cents … and not only does the victim get screwed again, they have to pay attorney's fees for the pleasure.
I hope you will help me defend GoPetFriendly.com and stand up for bloggers, sending a message to content thieves that stealing does have consequences! I believe this is a strong case if we can raise the funds to cover the legal fees. I've started a GoFundMe account that you can contribute to here. All the funds we collect will go toward pursing the infringement case for my work, and defending GoPetFriendly.com from this $5 million lawsuit.
I can't begin to tell you how much your support means to me. Thank you.
Planning a pet friendly trip of your own? We'll make it easy:
Pet Friendly Hotels | Pet Friendly Destinations | Pet Friendly Activities
Right to Life president Barbara Listing said Wednesday that women should purchase additional health insurance if they feared being raped, because the sexual crime was like a car accident.
“Nobody plans to have an accident in a car accident, nobody plans to have their homes flooded. You have to buy extra insurance for those,” they told reporters.
Michigan's Board of State Canvassers on Wednesday approved a ballot petition that seeks to prohibit health insurance companies from covering abortion procedures, even in cases of rape or incest. The initiative would require abortion coverage to be purchased as a separate rider.
If the activist collect signatures from 3.48 percent of all registered voters in the state, lawmakers can adopt the initiative without a signature from Gov. Rick Snyder. The Republican governor vetoed a similar proposal last year.
Jessica Tramontana of Progress Michigan slammed Listing over their remark.
“These extremists and religious special interests should have dropped their narrow agenda after voters rejected right-wing attacks on women last November,” they said in a statement. “Politics don't belong in the doctor's office. It's time for special interest lobbyists to stop the hateful attacks on women in Michigan.”
Watch video, uploaded to YouTube by Progress Michigan, below:
The Republican Party that Nixon invented melded the moneyed classes of the Northeast with the white evangelicals of the South. This odd couple went on to simultaneously steal from and oppress the rest of us. The moneyed classes were happy to let the New Puritans impose their stringent morality, since they could always just buy any licentiousness they wanted, regardless of the law. And the New Puritans were so consumed with cultural issues such as homosexuality, abortion, school prayer and (yes) fighting school desegregation that they were happy to let the northeastern Money Men waltz off with a lion's share of the country's resources, consigning most Americans to stagnant wages and increasing debt. The Reagan revolution consolidated this alliance and brought some conservative Catholic workers into it.
These domestic policies at home were complemented by wars and belligerence abroad, which further took the eye of the public off the epochal bank robbery being conducted by the American neo-Medicis, and which were a useful way of throwing billions in government tax revenue to the military-industrial complex, which in turn funded the think tanks and reelection campaigns of the right wing politicians. The Reagan fascination with private armies and funding anti-communist death squads contributed mightily to the creation of al-Qaeda, blowback from which fuelled even bigger Pentagon budgets, spiralling upward and feeding on itself. Terrorism is much better than Communism as a bogey man, since you can just intimate that there are a handful of dangerous people out there somewhere, and force the public to pay over $1 trillion to combat them. In fact, of course, less US interventionism abroad would create less blowback, and genuine threats are better addressed through good police work by multilingual FBI agents than by a $700 billion Pentagon budget.
As a result of the Second Gilded Age and its serf-like subservience to big capital, most corporations in the US don't pay any income taxes, despite doing $2.5 trillion annually in business.
The Reagan Revolution included the stupid idea that you can cut taxes, starve government, abolish regulation of securities, banks, & etc., and still grow the economy. The irony is that capitalist markets need to be regulated to avoid periodically becoming chaotic (as in ‘chaos theory,') but the people who most benefit from regulation are most zealous in attempting to abolish or blunt it.
What those policies did was create the preconditions for a long-term bubble or set of bubbles that benefited (for a while) the wealthiest 3 million Americans and harmed everyone else.
The average wage of the average worker is lower now than in 1973 and has been lower or flat for the past 35 years. That's the condition of the 300 million or so Americans.
In the meantime, the top 1 percent has multiplied its wealth many times over and now takes home 20% of the national income, owning some 45 percent of the privately held wealth in the US.
The Right keeps promising us growth, but it turns out that “growth” is mainly for them, i.e. for the 3 million (and indeed mainly for about 100,000 within the 3 million).
Those 3 million are a new aristocracy, lords of the economy, who reward each other with tens of millions in bonuses for ceremonial reasons that have nothing to do with the jobs they actually perform. Bush has been trying to make them a hereditary aristocracy by getting rid of the estate tax.
That is why banks are refusing the government bailout if it restricts the salaries of the top officers— you don't mess with the feudal lord's prerogatives.
The enormous wealth of a thin sliver of people at the top of US society allows them to buy members of congress and to write the legislation that regulates their industries.
Congress capitulates to this ‘regulatory capture' because its members have to buy hugely expensive television ads to remain competitive in elections. So they fundraise from the rich, and the rich have expectations (as Keating did of McCain).
These problems could be fixed with a graduated income tax and a closing of tax loopholes ( after we get out of the recession or crash or whatever this is); by legislation criminalizing regulatory capture; by requiring mass media to run political ads for free as a public service (the public owns the airwaves); and by much shortening the election season (please).
A lot of America's fiscal and educational problems were caused by congressionally mandated fixed sentences imposed on judges with regard to marijuana possession, as a sop to the New Puritans that make up 1/3 of the Republican Party. You have a lot of people serving 5 years in jail for having small amounts of pot. The states had to build new prisons to hold them all. They took the money out of the budget for higher education, abolishing the whole idea of state universities and causing tuitions to rise.
So you've got more ignorant people (because people can't afford even “state” college), and fewer high-tech firms are founded; and you're feeding and housing large numbers of harmless potheads with your tax dollars instead. The US maintains a vast gulag of nearly 2 million prisoners, putting us in the same league as Putin's Russia. No country in Western Europe incarcerates a similar proportion of its population.
Mexico's president wants to decriminalize the possession of small amounts of drugs such as marijuana, cocaine and heroin for personal use, though an arrest on possession charges would require entry into a program to kick addiction.
Decriminalizing possession of small amounts of drugs; decriminalizing marijuana altogether (and taxing the resulting industry); removing mandatory federal sentencing requirements; and letting states go back to educating their children instead of putting millions in jail; would solve another big batch of America's problems.
So there you have it. Abolish puritanism in government policy; go back to using the government to regulate industries and finance and provide services; and fight terrorism with better public diplomacy and better police work instead of with militarization– and you might get out of this thing intact.
Privacy Board Says NSA Doesn't Know How Effective Its Collection Programs Are, Doesn't Much Care Either
from the pay-no-attention-to-the-men-behind-the-haystacks dept
The Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board (PCLOB) has just released its assessment [pdf link] of the NSA's ability to follow instructions. One year ago, it assessed the Section 215 bulk records collection. Six months later, it assessed the Section 702 program, which hoovers up email communications. Now, it has followed up on its recommendations and found the NSA surprisingly cooperative.
Overall, the Board has found that the Administration and the Intelligence Community have been responsive to its recommendations. The Administration has accepted virtually all of the recommendations in the Board's Section 702 report and has begun implementing many of them. It also has accepted many of the recommendations in the Board's Section 215 report and has supported legislation that would satisfy several more, including the most far-reaching of the Board's proposals.
However, many of the recommendations directed at the Administration have yet to be fully satisfied, with the Administration having taken only partial steps, at most, toward implementing them.
It should be noted that the Administration can end the bulk telephone records program at any time, without congressional involvement.
[T]he permissible scope of targeting in the Section 702 program is broad enough that targets need not themselves be suspected terrorists or other bad actors. Thus, if the email address of a target appears in the body of a communication between two non-targets, it does not necessarily mean that either of the communicants is in touch with a suspected terrorist...
While “about” collection is valued by the government for its unique intelligence benefits, it is, to a large degree, an inevitable byproduct of the way the NSA conducts much of its upstream collection. At least some forms of “about” collection present novel and difficult issues regarding the balance between privacy and national security. But current technological limits make any debate about the proper balance somewhat academic, because it is largely unfeasible to limit “about” collection without also eliminating a substantial portion of upstream's “to/from” collection, which would more drastically hinder the government's counterterrorism efforts. We therefore recommend that the NSA work to develop technology that would enable it to identify and distinguish among the 24 types of “about” collection at the acquisition stage, and then selectively limit or modify its “about” collection, as may later be deemed appropriate.
Determining the efficacy and value of particular counterterrorism programs is critical. Without such determinations, policymakers and courts cannot effectively weigh the interests of the government in conducting a program against the intrusions on privacy and civil liberties that it may cause.
BUT:The first recommendation was one of the biggest: end the Section 215 program. The NSA doesn't really want to do this, but has seemed receptive to making some changes. The administration, on the other hand, hasn't offered anything to date other than lip service in support of this recommendation. It's been left up to legislators and, so far, legislation targeting the collection has failed to move forward . As the PCLOB noted in its assessment, the Section 215 program "lacks a viable legal foundation," as well as "posing a serious threat to privacy and civil liberties." And yet, it continues on unabated, with four renewals by the FISA court since the PCLOB's original assessment was delivered.The PCLOB is now gently nudging the administration towards taking a hands-on approach.On the bright side, the NSA has cut back on the number of hops in its contact chaining and has to seek approval from the FISA court to search its stored records, and it must be able to provide proof of "reasonable articulable suspicion" before it can do so.The same goes for the introduction of an actual adversarial process to FISA court proceedings with the addition of an advocate acting on behalf of Americans' interests. The NSA is in no hurry to see this done and, again, the administration has offered its support of the board's recommendations but has made no movement on its own. It's left to legislation to fix this, and if earlier NSA-targeting bills are any indication, this will most likely add to the growing pile of papery corpses left behind by failed Congressional fixes.The NSA is also taking hesitant steps to publicly release more information on FISC orders and rulings. We've seen some of this via the Office of the Director of National Intelligence's tumblr blog. (Still a very odd sentence to type…) But, it must be noted that a large majority of what has been "released" so far has actually been propelled out of the ODNI's hands by a handful of FOIA lawsuits . So, this new "openness" is not entirely dissimilar to confessions that take "enhanced interrogation techniques" to acquire.As for the Section 702 program, the PCLOB has recommended a number of technical changes, most of which are at least partly implemented at this point. What's more worrying is the fact that the NSA still continues to harvest "about" communications, thanks to its ability to talk a hesitant FISA court into a "novel" legal theory while operating under interim legislation back in 2007.The PCLOB raises several concerns about the Section 702's harvesting of communications based on very tenuous connections.The PCLOB also urges the release of information concerning the NSA, FBI and CIA's minimization procedures and stats on how often the NSA acquires and uses the communications of US persons -- both of which are in the "being considered" to "being implemented" stages.Most importantly, the PCLOB recommends the NSA cough up some evidence that these collections actually have any value. Unsurprisingly, this falls under the "not implemented" heading. And the ODNI/NSA's stalling only makes it look as though these programs are all show, but little substance.Those on the surveillance side always remind us that there needs to be a balance between national security and civil liberties, but the agencies they defend have never bothered to examine the security/privacy ledger. And they're in no hurry to do so. The Section 215 program's effectiveness is highly dubious , and as for the Section 702 program, we (including the PCLOB) don't have enough information to even begin weighing its comparative value. For all the forced transparency, there simply hasn't been much forthcoming on the program itself, much less how useful it is in terms of counterterrorism.If the NSA wishes to continue its plundering of privacy in pursuit of security, it needs to provide some hard data to back up its assertions that these programs are essential to the safety of the nation. It won't make the plundering OK, but at least it will give the public some idea where their rights stand in the NSA's eyes.
Filed Under: cost benefit, nsa, oversight, pclob, surveillance
We're one step closer to asking Facebook to schedule dinner with friends.
The tech giant's artificial intelligence research lab announced Wednesday a new technique allowing chatbots to carry out negotiations with other chatbots and humans. Facebook's researchers see the development as a key step toward creating personal digital assistants.
For example, you could have it negotiate the price of a product with a business' chatbot or human customer service representative. The chatbot could also go back and forth with a friend about where and when to meet for lunch. Facebook (FB) envisions its chatbots will learn a person's preferences and handle negotiations.
"We hate those conversations. When should we meet? That should not be where humans spend their time," said Dhruv Batra, a visiting research scientist at Facebook and professor at Georgia Tech. "We can imagine in a not too distant future, every business, every individual, every agent having their own presence as a dialogue agent and as a bot."
Facebook has tested its negotiator online against humans and found the abilities were comparable to the human negotiators.
The advancement is teaching chatbots to carry on an inner monologue with itself. The chatbot anticipates what the other person in the conversation may say, which allows it to negotiate better.
Related: Now Facebook can tell lawmakers what voters are reading
Facebook's artificial intelligence made significant improvement with practice during the research process. It learned to not always come to an agreement right away and counteroffer. It even adopted sophisticated strategies such as aggressively pursing something and then conceding.
Facebook's work is a research project, so users shouldn't expect the technology to surface on the platform anytime soon. The effort is currently open to developers to encourage software advances.
Video (01:14) : Minnesota Orchestra musicians are back together on the Orchestra Hall stage for the first time since June 2012.
It was a day of conflicting emotions for Minnesota Orchestra musicians, who rehearsed on the stage of Orchestra Hall Wednesday for the first time since June 2012.
"Coming back is a mixed bag," said Doug Wright, principal trombone and a member of the players' negotiating committee. "We're happy and excited to be reconnecting with our audience, but we can't help but reflect on everything that's happened."
There was joy at being together again after being locked out for 16 months in the longest contract ­dispute in U.S. orchestra history.
Musicians, mostly dressed in jeans and sweaters — a few still wearing green "Support Minnesota Orchestra Musicians" buttons — milled about on stage. Concertmaster Erin Keefe chatted with principal cello Tony Ross while conductor Stanislaw Skrowaczewski sat in a chair and reviewed their score of Beethoven's Third Symphony (Eroica). There were a few hugs, but there often are at orchestra rehearsals, and to an outsider, Wednesday afternoon's session seemed like many others.
"It was fun," said clarinetist Tim Zavadil, another negotiator. "One of the special things about this orchestra is how well we get along. It's a unique collection of people."
Since the musicians last played at Orchestra Hall 18 months ago, it has undergone a $50 million face-lift that included an expanded lobby, new charcoal-colored seating and an acoustical tweak in the auditorium.
Gallery: Taking it from the top Gallery: Taking it from the top
The room "looks different, smells different and sounds a little ­different," Wright said.
However, Skrowaczewski's face was a familiar and warm presence to greet them as they sat down to run through the Beethoven. The conductor laureate was the first to lead a musicians' concert in exile in October 2012, and they welcomed the players back warmly with kind words, Wright said. "It was a powerful moment that was not lost on anyone."
Gordon Sprenger, the new chairperson of the board, also briefly addressed the musicians before reporters were let into the hall. Sprenger spoke with optimism and empathy for what the organization had gone through and told the musicians they understand people will heal at their own pace, Wright said.
The maestro, wearing their trademark turtleneck, then took the podium and worked the rhythmic and sonic details of Beethoven's ­innovative testament to emotional heroism. Skrowaczewski is regarded as one of the finest of Beethoven interpreters. Music director of the orchestra from 1960 to 1979, they will lead homecoming concerts on Friday (which is sold out) and Saturday. In addition to the Beethoven, Richard Strauss' "Don Juan" and Skrowaczewski's arrangement of Bach's ­Toccata and Fugue in D minor are on the ­program.
"It's incredibly fitting that Stan is able to conduct us, performing the same piece [Bach] that they opened this building with in 1974," said Zavadil. "What's significant is that there are 110 years of history here, and it's important to note we are tying into that ­history from concert number one."
James Taranto of The Wall Street Journal took on the strange conflict that is PolitiFact picked a “Lie of the Year” they've repeatedly defended as “Half True.” Barack Obama repeatedly claimed that if you liked your health plan, you could keep it once they passed their badly named "Affordable Care Act." They called it "PolitiFact's Forked Tongue."
PolitiFact has only drawn a yellow Hi-Liter through what's wrong with liberal media-elite “fact checking” patrols: It exploits their "objective" image as it declares a campaign promise as factual (or not) prematurely, before there's any factual reality to judge. From the beginning of the “truth squad” tendency in the 1992 presidential campaign, we've found this disturbing tendency.
Back then, network reporters repeatedly described Bush campaign advertisements and debate claims as “misleading” and even “lying” for claiming Bill Clinton would raise taxes on the middle class if they were elected. That's a prediction, not a fact. But after the vice presidential debate between Vice President Dan Quayle and Sen. Al Gore, the networks painted Bush-Quayle as factually deficient, and not Clinton-Gore:
"There are some factual things to clean up. When Dan Quayle said they would be raising taxes on people down to about $36,000, that's based on Bush campaign projections of the Clinton economic program." -- NBC anchor Tom Brokaw after the vice presidential debate, October 13, 1992.
"The Bush campaign calculates that since Clinton could not possibly raise the money they need to pay for their spending programs with their revenue proposals, they would have to impose a 36 percent tax rate on anyone making over $36,000 a year. Independent examination of this charge by, for example, press organizations, has found it, to say the least, misleading." -- ABC's Jeff Greenfield on Nightline, October 13, 1992.
"It was Quayle who repeatedly twisted and misstated the facts... Quayle misrepresented Clinton's economic plan, which calls for a net tax increase of only $46 billion spread over four years -- the $150 billion Quayle mentioned, minus the $104 billion in cuts they neglected to mention." -- CNN reporter Brooks Jackson, October 14, 1992 Inside Politics.
So Bill Clinton was elected with the usual media bias tilting the playing field. We noticed that shortly afterward, in the February 18, 1993 USA Today, the newspaper admitted "Looks like Dan Quayle was right. Last year's vice presidential debate...produced an accurate prediction from Quayle about the Clinton budget plan...The final plan, according to Clinton officials, will hit those making $30,000 and above."
Where did the Republicans go for apologies and retractions? There were none.
In the case of Obama and Obamacare, Taranto strongly implied that PolitiFact appeared to have all the independence of a "state propaganda agency" asserting that everything Obama said was true because Obama had proclaimed it:
For in the past--when it actually mattered, which is to say before ObamaCare became first a law and then a practical reality--PolitiFact vouched for Barack Obama's Big Lie.
In their lie-of-the-year write-up, PolitiFact's Angie Holan includes the following acknowledgment:
In 2009 and again in 2012, PolitiFact rated Obama's statement Half True, which means the statement is partially correct and partially wrong. We noted that while the law took pains to leave some parts of the insurance market alone, people were not guaranteed to keep insurance through thick and thin. It was likely that some private insurers would continue to force people to switch plans, and that trend might even accelerate.
Them "half true" acknowledgment is itself a half-truth. As the Washington Examiner's Sean Higgins noted last month, in October 2008 PolitiFact rated the same statement, from then-candidate Obama, as flatly "true," on the ground that "Obama is accurately describing their health care plan here."
We're not making this up. PolitiFact actually rated Obama's promise as "true" on the ground that in making the promise, they were making the promise....
One might have reasonably suspected, in 2008 and certainly in 2009 and 2012, that Obama was lying. But one could not prove it, because it was not yet a factual assertion. In 2008 it was but a promise, which Obama might or might not have intended and might or might not have been able to keep. By 2012, we now know, it was a full-fledged fraud, but exposing it conclusively as such would have required a degree of expertise few journalists have.
In other words, it's not that PolitiFact was wrong to withhold its jejune "pants on fire" designation from the Obama statement in 2008, 2009 and 2012. It was wrong even to make a pretense of "fact checking" a statement that was, at the time, not a factual claim. Its past evaluations of the statement were not "fact checks" at all, merely opinion pieces endorsing ObamaCare.
In summation, PolitiFact was a dishonest player: “selling opinion pieces by labeling them ‘fact checks' is fundamentally dishonest. In this case, it was in the service of the most massive consumer fraud in American history.”
It's Michigan-Notre Dame week, so there's one topic on everyone's mind: WHAT DOES BRADY HOKE THINK OF JOHNNY FOOTBALL?
The Michigan head coach called in as a guest on Friday's edition of The Dan Patrick Show, and they chatted with Patrick for a little over 10 minutes. Among the topics discussed were the future of the Michigan-Notre Dame rivalry, how Hoke celebrated the start of NFL season on Thursday (he had homemade pizza!) and Jadeveon Clowney's hit on Vincent Smith in the 2013 Outback Bowl. Oh yeah, and Patrick asked for Hoke's opinion on Johnny Manziel.
Patrick: "If Johnny Manziel is your quarterback -- finish that sentence."
Hoke: "If Johnny Manziel's our quarterback, he'd probably be playing behind Devin Gardner."
The head coach then went on to offer a few more comments on Manziel that you might expect from a Michigan Man, mentioning "educate the kids" and "the team." It should be noted that Hoke isn't the first Michigan Man to comment on Johnny Football. New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady used the words "turd" and "showboating" in a rambling answer to a recent question about Manziel.
(HT: College Football Talk)
More from SB Nation:
Follow @SBNationCFB Follow @SBNRecruiting
• Week 2 betting guide | And TV schedule guide
• Explaining that hand gesture Manziel's Aggies use
• SB Nation's all-access with Mississippi State coaches vs. Oklahoma State
•The most important stats from Week 1: South Carolina, Washington impress
• The behind-the-scenes story of Johnny Manziel's Time cover photo shoot
• Today's college football news headlines
Week 1's 39 best college football photos:
If you, like Marina Abramovic, consider yourself a “modern nomad” with “no family” (“I go wherever ideas take me”), or perhaps just aspire to be one, especially over the holidays — when you're stuck with your actual family in the suburbs, arguing over showtimes to take the nieces and nephews to see Rogue One — instead, lock yourself in your childhood bedroom with your laptop and go on a spiritual journey across Brazil with them Them new documentary The Space in Between, made with the Brazilian filmmaker Marco Del Fiol, is now available on Vimeo. It introduces you to a vivid assortment of faith healers, shamans, drummers, dancers, and holy sites from across that vast polyglot country — not to mention an adorable and wise 110-year-old woman — all accompanied by Abramovic's droll, diaristic voice-over.
Like their memoir, Walk Through Walls, and their institute's various traveling happenings (she brought the circus to Brazil in 2015 after this documentary was shot), it was also a way to organize their legacy as they prepared to turn 70. They celebrated it publicly at the Guggenheim earlier this month with a group meditation session (noise-canceling headphones were handed out to guests, which made it possible to walk the spiral and take a look at the Agnes Martin exhibition in blessed peace) followed by Anohni (of Antony and the Johnsons) singing a re-gendered rendition of “My Way.” (Her actual birthday was November 30.)
Related Stories Ayahuasca Is the New Juice Cleanse
Earlier this week, The Space in Between — which was something of an art-film blockbuster in Brazil when it ran for five months earlier this year, Del Fiol told me — screened at the Museum of the Moving Image in Queens, the day it became available on Vimeo. There, Abramovic recalled how they took too much ayahuasca — a “horse dose” — after worrying at first that it wasn't affecting them They got naked, had various urgent and involuntary bodily function issues, and had a vision in which they were trapped in a kitchen with an older couple. (Maybe this reminds you of holiday vacation?) Meanwhile, their photographer was running around in the woods taking pictures without their camera.
The Space in Between is a sincere film, but not without its lighter moments. There is no spirit cooking, but among other things Abramovic provides useful travel advice, should you find yourself, as well, a modern nomad: Eat raw garlic and raw onion, in that order, to kill whatever is inside you that needs killing. Which sounds easier than so much of what they have put themselves through over the years.
Image copyright Google Image caption Members of the Oadby Royal British Legion club have threatened to boycott the church service across the road
A church has defended the decision to replace Onward, Christian Soldiers with a more multi-cultural sounding hymn to end a Remembrance Sunday parade.
People will instead sing All People That On Earth Do Dwell at St Peter's Church in Oadby, Leicestershire.
The change was made in agreement with the committee of Oadby Royal British Legion.
However, some members of Oadby Royal British Legion social club have threatened to boycott the service.
Some complained to the Leicester Mercury and the story was then picked up by the Daily Mail and other newspapers.
The church service itself will still be Christian, and the new hymn is also Christian in origin.
Image copyright Google Image caption The committee of Oadby Royal British Legion agreed to the hymn change
The Reverend Steve Bailey said the hymn was changed because people from a wide range of cultural backgrounds attend the service.
"This year for the first time Oadby Multicultural Group will be laying a wreath at the War Memorial as well as the one I will lay on behalf of the parish," Rev Bailey said.
"We agreed the change in hymn with the Oadby Royal British Legion who run this major civic event because members of the community from a wide range of cultural backgrounds attend this parade, service and laying of wreaths at the war memorial."
They said the committee of Oadby Royal British Legion had "recognised that people from different faiths served in the Armed Forces".
Onward, Christian Soldiers vs All People That On Earth Do Dwell
Image copyright London Stereoscopic Company Image caption Arthur Sullivan, of Gilbert and Sullivan fame, composed the music to Onward, Christian Soldiers
Onward, Christian Soldiers was written as a processional hymn for school children in Yorkshire in the 19th century, and therefore predates both of the world wars
The words, by the Reverend Sabine Baring-Gould, are a metaphor for a spiritual battle against Satan and were not intended to describe real soldiers fighting a war
The music was composed by Arthur Sullivan, famous for their operas with W.S. Gilbert
All People That On Earth Do Dwell is also a Christian hymn and contains references to "God", "the Lord", and "Father, Son, and Holy Ghost"
The hymn was sung at the coronation of Queen Elizabeth II in 1953
Ian Thorpe, vice-chairperson of the social club, told the Leicester Mercury: "It's been done nearly every year in recent memory but they said they're not doing it because not everyone at the service will be Christians - it's not the 'soldiers' bit, it's the 'Christian' bit.
"One family, who go to the church, have said they're going to stand outside the church and sing it."
Rev Bailey said they are happy to discuss the matter with members of the social club, which is based across the road from the church.
"I understand that the British Legion branch is now discussing their social club members' complaints with the individuals who raised them," they said.
The Progressive Reform Caucus — including Aldermen Nick Sposato, Scott Waguespack, John Arena, Bob Fioretti, Ricardo Munoz and Toni Foulkes — supports more funding for city mental-health clinics. View Full Caption DNAinfo/Ted Cox
CITY HALL — Progressive aldermen urged the city Thursday to accept new funding for its six mental health clinics after six others were closed two years ago.
The Progressive Reform Caucus announced Thursday that its eight aldermen would submit a resolution next week calling for hearings on funding for the clinics.
They say the $2.3 million in savings the city claimed in closing six clinics in 2012 "failed to account for the additional costs of increased emergency-room visits, hospitalizations, police interventions and incarcerations."
Aldermen said they also want to ask Department of Public Health Commissioner Bechara Choucair about the possibility of joining County Care, as without it Medicaid patients could be denied treatment as the state moves toward managed care. They also want the city to explore other forms of insurance funding.
The eight progressive caucus aldermen — Bob Fioretti (2nd), Leslie Hairston (5th), Roderick Sawyer (6th), Toni Foulkes (15th), Ricardo Munoz (22nd), Scott Waguespack (32nd), Nick Sposato (36th) and John Arena (45th) — will be the lead sponsors when the resolution is submitted at Wednesday's City Council meeting. But Ald. James Cappleman (46th) has also frequently commented on the need for comprehensive treatment for those with mental problems in Uptown.
The aldermen cited a study by the Mental Health Movement, an organization devoted to Chicago mental health care.
"To be clear, no client will be turned away, period," said city spokesperson Catherine Turco. They said the funding cuts were implmement to ensure the long-term viability of the city's mental health programs.
They added that the implementation of the Affordable Care Act gives more options for care to residents who were previously uninsured. They said city clinics would treat current and new clients regardless of their insurance status.
Britons warned to steer clear of Turkey as 1,700 protesters arrested after riots rock the country for a third day
Protests erupted again today against Turkey's conservative government
Thousands took to the streets in rallies and demonstrations in three cities
Britons warned to avoid all but essential travel to parts of Turkey
The Foreign Office has warned against travel to various parts of Turkey except in cases of emergency following another day of rioting.
Tens of thousands took to the streets in the country's four biggest cities yesterday – the third day of anti-government protests – with demonstrators clashing with riot police, who repelled them with tear gas.
The unrest initially erupted on Friday when trees were torn down at a park in Istanbul's main Taksim Square under government plans to redevelop the area. But they have widened into a broad show of defiance against the Islamist-rooted Justice and Development Party (AKP).
Scroll down for video
Blaze: An anti-government protester holds Turkey's national flag with a portrait of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk on it
Gas: Police use water cannon as protesters run to avoid tear gas during the third day
Choke: Turkey's prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan rejected claims that they are a 'dictator,' dismissing protesters as an extremist fringe
Riot: A protester falls down as they try to throw back at police a tear gas canister
Prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan blamed the main secular opposition party for inciting the crowds, and said the protests were aimed at depriving their ruling AK Party of votes as elections begin next year.
Erdoğan said the plans to remake the square, long an iconic rallying point for mass demonstrations, would go ahead, including the construction of a new mosque and the rebuilding of a replica Ottoman-era barracks.
And they said the protests – which were started by a small group of environmental campaigners but mushroomed when police used force to eject them from the park on Taksim Square – had nothing to do with the plans.
Crowd: Young Turks clash with security forces in Ankara as the protest rages on
Shout: Riot police detain a protester during demonstrations against Turkey's Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan
‘It's entirely ideological,' they told Turkish television. The demonstrations have since drawn in a wide range of people of all ages from across the political and social spectrum.
Protests yesterday were not as violent as the previous two days but police used tear gas to try to disperse hundreds of people in Ankara's main Kizilay Square. There were similar clashes in Izmir and Adana, Turkey's third and fourth-biggest cities.
In Taksim Square, the atmosphere was more festive with some chanting for Erdoğan to resign and others singing and dancing. There were later clashes between police and protesters near Erdoğan's office in a former Ottoman palace in the city.
The main opposition Republican People's Party (CHP) denied orchestrating the unrest.
‘Today the people on the street across Turkey are not exclusively from the CHP, but from all ideologies and from all parties,' senior party member Mehmet Akif Hamzacebi said.
Some 2.5 million Britons visit Turkey each year and it is an increasingly popular destination for holidaymakers from the UK.
The Foreign Office has also warned Britons to avoid travelling to areas close to the Syrian border.
Day three: Protesters gather for the third day of nationwide anti-government protest at the Taskim square in Istanbul
Riots: A protester holds a riot police officer's helmet as thousands of people gathering for another rally against the conservative government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Istanbul on Sunday
Turkish Interior Minister Muammer Guler yesterday said more than 1,700 people had been arrested in anti-government protests that have spread to 67 cities nationwide, though most have since been released.
'A large majority of the detainees were released after being questioned and identified,' they said in remarks carried by the state-run Anatolia news agency. They added that the country had seen 235 demonstrations since Tuesday.Meanwhile Britons are being urged to avoid trips to Turkey until the ongoing riots have dissipated.
The Foreign Office said on its website: ‘Demonstrations are taking place in Istanbul and in other cities across Turkey, including Ankara.
‘Police are using tear gas and water cannon in response. We advise British nationals to avoid all demonstrations.'
Police used tear gas on protesters in Ankara but the clashes so far today were relatively minor compared with major violence in Turkey's biggest cities on the previous two days.
Meanwhile Turkey's Prime Minister Tayyip Erdoğan accused the main secular opposition party of provoking the wave of anti-government protests.
Escalating violence: A protester picks up a tear gas grenade to throw it back at riot police in Ankara on Sunday
Turkish riot police use tear gas to disperse protesters during a rally supporting the Istanbul demonstrations against the conservative government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan in Ankara
Wreckage: A street vendor sells umbrellas in front of destroyed police cars in Taskim square in Istanbul
Calling the protesters 'a few looters', Erdoğan said they would press ahead with redeveloping Istanbul's Taksim Square, a project which provoked the demonstrations that have widened into a broader show of defiance against their Islamist-rooted Justice and Development Party (AKP).
Erdoğan singled out the Republican People's Party (CHP) - set up in 1924 by Mustafa Kemal Ataturk who founded Turkey's modern secular state - for attack over a dispute they described as ideological.
'We think that the main opposition party which is making resistance calls on every street is provoking these protests,' Erdoğan said on Turkish television.
Turkey's fiercest anti-government unrest for years erupted when trees were torn down at a park in Taksim Square under government plans to construct a new mosque and rebuild a replica Ottoman-era barracks.
Target: An activist takes pictures of a public bus that was damaged during the heavy clashes between protesters against the conservative government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Saturday night
Damaged: An activist stands on a public bus that was damaged during the heavy clashes between protesters against the conservative government of Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan on Saturday
Ruin: A woman takes pictures of a public bus which has been left a wreckage after violent protests in Turkey
'This reaction is no longer about the ripping out 12 trees. This is based on ideology,' said Erdoğan, whose conservative vision for the nation has angered more liberal Turks. Referring to the planned mosque, they added: 'Obviously I will not ask for permission for this from the head of CHP or a few looters.'
Tens of thousands gathered on Sunday after a calmer night in Taksim Square, which saw two days of clashes between protesters and riot police backed by armoured vehicles and helicopters.
The atmosphere was more festive with some chanting for Erdoğan to resign and others singing and dancing. There was little obvious police presence.
In Ankara's downtown Kizilay district, however, police used tear gas after a few thousand people chanted anti-government slogans and blocked traffic.
A woman talks on their mobile phone in front of a damaged shop after clashes between protesters and riot police during a rally against Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's government in Istanbul
Armed officer: A police officer stands on a main boulevard on Sunday after clashes between angry Turkish protesters and security forces in Ankara
Aftermath: A Turkish woman covers their mouth and nose to protect themselves from the remnant of tear gas used by security forces against protesters in the Turkish capital, Ankara
On Sunday rain appeared to keep the crowds away from Taksim Square initially, but this did not dampen the spirit of the protesters whose numbers later swelled.
'We will stay until the end,' said Akin, who works in motor trade and has been in Taksim for the past four days. 'We are not leaving. The only answer now is for this government to fall. We are tired of this oppressive government constantly putting pressure on us.'
There were more than 90 separate demonstrations around the country on Friday and Saturday, officials said. More than 1,000 people have been injured in Istanbul and several hundred more in Ankara, according to medical staff.
The ferocity of the police response in Istanbul shocked Turks, as well as tourists caught up in the unrest in one of the world's most visited destinations. It has drawn rebukes from the United States, European Union and international rights groups.
Damage: A man attempts to use a damaged cash machine after clashes between angry Turkish protesters and security forces in Ankara
Good Samaritans: Volunteers clean up after clashes between protesters and riot police during a rally against Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's government in Istanbul
Graffiti: Female shoppers take pictures of damaged store windows covered in spray paint after clashes in Istanbul
Helicopters fired tear gas canisters into residential neighbourhoods and police used teargas to try to smoke people out of buildings. Footage on YouTube showed one protester being hit by an armoured police truck as it charged a barricade.
Erdoğan has overseen a transformation in Turkey during their decade in power, turning its once crisis-prone economy into the fastest-growing in Europe.
On Sunday, they addressed critics who called them a 'dictator'.
'We have carried Turkey into a new era... If they call someone who is a servant of their country, then I have nothing to say to them,' they said.
Among Turks in general Erdoğan remains by far the most popular politician, but critics point to what they see as their authoritarianism and religiously conservative meddling in private lives in the secular republic.
Tighter restrictions on alcohol sales and warnings against public displays of affection in recent weeks have also provoked protests. Concern that government policy is allowing Turkey to be dragged into the conflict in neighbouring Syria by the West has also led to peaceful demonstrations.
Turkish protesters hurl rocks at riot police near the former Ottoman palace, Dolmabahce, following a police crackdown on a peaceful demonstration against Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan's increasingly authoritarian style
Dangerous: The streets of Istanbul can be seen littered with rocks and debris on Saturday night
More than 1,000 people have been injured in Istanbul in three days of protests which started on Friday
Atlas Obscura on Slate is a blog about the world's hidden wonders. Like us on Facebook, Tumblr, or follow us on Twitter @atlasobscura.
Beside an elevated highway in Tokyo's Ginza district is what looks like a huge pile of front-loading washing machines. The 13-story structure is Nakagin Capsule Tower, a residential building consisting of 144 cubic pods.
Built in 1972, the tower is a rare example of the Metabolism movement in Japanese architecture, which prized module-based designs in which individual units could be replaced.
Advertisement
Each of the 144 Nakagin capsules is its own 8-by-7-by-12-foot apartment. Designed for single salarymen, the units are equipped with a stove, refrigerator, TV, reel-to-reel tape deck, and telephone. The bathroom, which resembles an airplane lavatory, is three steps from the bed. A table folds down from the wall for dining and work.
Though tiny apartments are standard in Tokyo, the Nakagin capsules did not herald the dawn of pod-based urban living. Its cubes, intended for a 25-year life span, have never been replaced due to prohibitive costs. The building suffers from water leaks, has asbestos in its original air-conditioning system, and is mostly unoccupied. The threat of demolition is tempered only by outraged members of the architecture community who want to see the rare Metabolist structure preserved.
If you'd like to experience a Nakagin capsule before it's lost forever, one of the units is currently being rented on Airbnb for $30 per night.
Advertisement
Sleep cramped in concrete:
Supreme Court Upholds University Of Texas' Affirmative Action Program
Enlarge this image toggle caption J. Scott Applewhite/AP J. Scott Applewhite/AP
In a 4-3 decision, the Supreme Court of the United States has upheld the University of Texas' affirmative action program.
"The race-conscious admissions program in use at the time of petitioner's application is lawful under the Equal Protection Clause," the court held.
For the second time, Abigail Noel Fisher, who didn't get into UT in 2008, was challenging the policy in front of the high court. Fisher, who is white, argued that they had been the victim of discrimination because of their race. They argued that students of color with the same credentials were accepted into the school, while they were denied admission.
The first time around, the 5th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals upheld the constitutionality of the program, but the Supreme Court sent the case back with new instructions to give the case a tougher scrutiny. The appeals court reconsidered and came to the same conclusion: UT's program was constitutional. Fisher appealed once again to the Supreme Court.
It's worth noting that UT's admission policy is complex: Most of its in-state students are admitted based on a policy of guaranteed admission to the top students of every high school. The rest are admitted using a combination of factors that include academic achievement and race and ethnicity. That part of the admissions process is what was being challenged in court.
Justice Anthony Kennedy, who wrote the majority opinion, said universities should be afforded wide latitude in achieving intangible "qualities which are incapable of objective measurement but which make for greatness."
Diversity is one of those qualities, Kennedy wrote, and so the University of Texas should be allowed to serve as a kind of laboratory to experiment with these kinds of policies.
"Still, it remains an enduring challenge to our Nation's education system to reconcile the pursuit of diversity with the constitutional promise of equal treatment and dignity," they wrote. With that in mind, Kennedy noted, the University of Texas should continually reassess its admissions program.
As might be expected, Justice Clarence Thomas wrote a one-page dissenting opinion that borrowed heavily from previous opinions. Thomas argued that race-conscious admissions are not permitted at all by the Constitution.
"The Constitution abhors classifications based on race because every time the government places citizens on racial registers and makes race relevant to the provision of burdens or benefits, it demeans us all," Thomas wrote quoting a previous opinion.
Justice Samuel Alito wrote a 51-page dissent saying the majority had gotten this decision "remarkably wrong."
Alito argues that based on strict scrutiny, UT has to prove "why the discrimination is needed or how the discriminatory plan is well crafted to serve its objectives."
All Uts did, they argue, is use "unsupported and noxious racial assumptions" to defend its position.
Two students of Zen, Tenzo and Akira, were troubled, so they went to see the master.
"Master!" Tenzo cried. "The great American master, John Mauldin, says that the Endgame is upon us! Our debt is too great! We must deleverage!"
"Is that so?" replied the master.
"Yes!" Tenzo exclaimed. "We are at the end of the debt supercycle! Only through austerity can we bring our debt down to acceptable levels!"
"What is debt?" asked the master.
The students were taken aback by the master's question. Tenzo became agitated, but Akira was thoughtful.
"Debt is a claim on the value of an asset," said Akira. "Every asset is owned by someone. When an asset is leveraged, the value of the asset is divided. The lender owns the value of the asset up to the amount of the principal plus the interest, and the owner owns the value that remains, in the form of equity."
The master nodded imperceptibly.
"Assets need not be objects like your prayer mat," Akira added. "A future income stream is also an asset, whether for an individual, a business, or a government. It also has value, and it can be leveraged."
"What is value?" asked the master.
Tenzo paced while Akira pondered.
"Lenders lend cash," Akira said. "So, value must be cash. Otherwise, how could the debt be repaid?" Then they added, "To a lender, the value of an asset is the present value of all future cash flows, discounted at the rate of interest. In some cases, this will include cash to be obtained by selling the asset at some future time."
The students looked to the master for a reaction. There was none. As the time passed, Tenzo became more and more agitated.
"We must deleverage, master!" Tenzo exclaimed into the unbearable silence.
"What does it mean to deleverage?" asked the master.
"It means to pay down the debt!" Tenzo cried.
Akira said, "To deleverage really means to restore harmony between debt and equity. If a debt is paid down from income, the equity of the owner increases, while the debt owed to the lender declines. However, paying down a debt is not the only way to deleverage. For example, a lender can take ownership of a house via foreclosure. Then the lender owns the value of the house in the form of equity, and the debt is extinguished. Deleveraging has been accomplished, although the debt was never paid off." Then Akira added, "The original owner of the house could even still live in it, as a renter."
"However it is done, we must deleverage!" Tenzo exclaimed. "Harmony can only be restored by deleveraging!"
"Is that so?" said the master.
Akira pondered this. Finally, they said, "Master, when an asset was leveraged, its value must have been greater than the debt. This value was then divided between the owner and the lender. There was harmony. But now the value of the asset is less than the debt. Something must have happened to make the value of the asset go down. If the value of the asset were to go back up, harmony would be restored. There would be no need to deleverage."
"What determines the value?" asked the master.
"Ultimately, it has to be the rate of economic growth, master," Akira said. "Growth drives wages, profits, and tax revenues. One way or another, the value of most assets is derived from the present value of these cash flows." The student thought for a moment and mused, "Perhaps it is lower economic growth that forces deleveraging, not deleveraging that forces lower economic growth."
A faint smile crossed the master's lips.
"This matters not!" Tenzo exploded. "In their latest epistle, Master Mauldin wrote, 'The cure for too much debt is not more debt.' As our government is now running a large deficit, we cannot cut taxes to spur economic growth."
"Is that so?" said the master. Their eyes flitted over to a scroll that was sitting on a low table.
Akira went over to table and picked up the scroll. They unrolled the parchment and studied the writings upon it.
Returning with the scroll, Akira said, "This scroll bears the Woodhill Curve, legendary wisdom from the Tao of the Supply Side. The Curve teaches that it is worthwhile to cut taxes as much as required in order to get the rate of real economic growth above 3.5%."
"But tax cuts will increase the deficit, and the deficit is already too high!" Tenzo cried.
"For a time, yes," Akira said. "But the present value of future government revenues will increase to infinity, and higher tax revenues will eventually extinguish the debt. Rather than gnashing their teeth over the deficit, the Bond Vigilantes will rejoice that we have found the True Path."
"Higher growth is not possible unless we can run a trade surplus!" Tenzo exclaimed. "Our Domestic Private Sector Financial Balance, plus our Government Fiscal Balance, minus our Current Account Balance must equal zero!"
"Is that so?" said the master.
"Master Mauldin teaches thus," explained Tenzo. "It is the Way of the Endgame."
The master said nothing. Their eyes contained the depths of the universe.
Suddenly, Akira said, "Master, the world as a whole cannot run a trade surplus, yet it can increase production. What if the entire world were to produce more? If output went up, wages would rise, profits would increase, and tax revenues would be enhanced. Consumers could pay down their debts, as could businesses. Government deficits would decline."
"This is madness!" Tenzo cried. "The world as a whole can reduce private debt or it can reduce government debt, but it cannot do both at the same time! Austerity is the only way! We must all do with less!"
"In a time of famine, would you plant less rice?" said the master.
"I see, master," said Akira, wonder in their voice. "If world output went up, some of the additional production would be assets of various kinds, like houses, cars, factories, and even gold. Over time, today's bondholders would come to own some of these new assets. That which is now debt would be converted to equity. Consumers, businesses, and government would have deleveraged, but through growth, not austerity."
The master looked at Akira. "You have learned the Way," the master said with satisfaction.
Turning to Tenzo, the master said, "You must leave us now, for you will never master Zen. Perhaps you can find a place on President Obama's Council of Economic Advisors."
The wait is over!
Storm fullback Billy Slater has been named to make their long awaited return from injury at AAMI Park this Thursday night against arch-rivals the Brisbane Broncos.
After 374 days on the sidelines, the Queensland and Australian representative returns for Melbourne's opening home game of the 2017 season.
Slater's inclusion sees Cameron Munster shift to five-eighth while Ryley Jacks moves on to a six-man extended bench.
In a further selection boost for Storm, star prop Jesse Bromwich has been named in the 21-man squad after missing last week's win over the Warriors with a thumb injury.
Craig Bellamy will name a reduced 19-man squad tomorrow night at 8pm before the final team is named one hour before kick-off on Thursday.
Melbourne Storm v Brisbane Broncos
Thursday 16 March, 8:05pm
AAMI Park
1. Billy Slater
2. Suliasi Vunivalu
3. William Chambers
4. Cheyse Blair
5. Josh Addo-Carr
6. Cameron Munster
7. Cooper Cronk
8. Tim Glasby
9. Cameron Smith ©
10. Jordan McLean
11. Felise Kaufusi
12. Kenny Bromwich
13. Dale Finucane
14. Christian Welch
15. Joe Stimson
16. Nelson Asofa Solomona
17. Vincent Leuluai
18. Mark Nicholls
19. Young Tonumaipea
20. Ryley Jacks
21. Jesse Bromwich
This project is being discontinued. Use at your own risk! ;)
JWChat is a full featured, web-based XMPP client. Written using AJAX technology it relies on JavaScript and HTML at the client-side only. It supports basic
jabber instant messaging, roster management and groupchats based on the
MUC protocol.
JWChat is an advanced instant messenger (IM) just like AIM, MSN
Messenger, Yahoo! Messenger or ICQ. This means you can manage your
contacts, communicate with other users in 1:1 chat sessions or join a groupchat room for
collaborative communication. Unlike other IMs you can use this with your
web browser without having to install any additional software at
all. For a list of supported browsers see
the features page.
All of your settings, bookmarks and your contact list are stored on
the server side. This means that you have access to your personalized
client from almost any computer as long as it's got access to the
internet.
JWChat and its underlying software are all Open Source. This
gives you the flexibility you need in your everyday business.
JWChat brings you the perfect solution for your corporate
communication. Being a web application it gives you all advantages of
centralized software distribution. Don't hassle with software installs
and updates on the client side!
It seems the strain of the refugee crisis is starting to show on a number of EU countries, with Austrian officials calling for the construction of a "fortress Europe" around the bloc's external borders to stem the flow of refugees into the region.
Austrian Interior Minister Johanna Mikl-Leitner made the comments following a visit to Spielfeld in Austria's Styria region, which has seen the arrival of thousands of migrants, who are placing enormous pressure on local services.
Yesterday police were forced to remove barricades at a refugee camp in the town, which has a population of only 1,000, to allow for more people to stay in an expanded area.
The situation in Austria has also been experienced by Slovenia, where more than 12,000 new arrivals have entered the country over a 24-hour period, surpassing the numbers passing into Hungary at the height of the crisis in September.
Slovenian officials have called on the EU for support as it struggles to control the influx of people who entered the country following Croatia's decision to open their borders at the end of last week.
Latest @EU_Eurostat show that over 750,000 people have claimed asylum in EU so far this year. Only around 15,000 claims made in UK Jan-June. — Refugee Council (@refugeecouncil) October 23, 2015
The increasing strain placed on countries within the so-called Balkan route has led Austria's Johanna Mikl-Leitner to call for the EU to control its external borders if a solution to the current situation isn't agreed upon soon.
Germany Tightening Borders
As local authorities continue to struggle with the mass influx of people, Austria's police chief Josef Klamminger told broadcaster ORF that the reason for the backlog of refugees and migrants in Austria and Slovenia is due to German efforts to secure its own borders.
"Germany's restrictions are now affecting Austria and the entire Balkan route, and we are left in a kind of sandwich position."
Germany's efforts to stem the flow of refugees and migrants into the country comes as new asylum laws are reportedly set to be introduced one week earlier than originally planned.
Time for all to take responsibility and start delivering & cooperating. My speech today in #Slovenia #refugeecrisis https://t.co/VgpZ4VCyO9 — DimitrisAvramopoulos (@Avramopoulos) October 22, 2015
Under the new laws, to be implemented on Sunday, authorities will be given power to speed up the process of sending back migrants whose asylum applications have been rejected.
Other measures include tightening the regulations in regards to asylum eligibility and cutting the costs of service delivered to those who have not been granted asylum.
© AP Photo / Jens Meyer Protesters hold a poster depicting German Chancellor Angela Merkel with pig-ears beside women in burqas during a demonstration of PEGIDA (Patriotic Europeans against the Islamization of the West) in Dresden, eastern Germany, Monday, Oct. 5, 2015.
It's thought that the German government is under pressure to clamp down on the number of refugees in the country, with many local authorities struggling to accommodate the unprecedented influx of people, estimated to reach up to 1.5 million this year.
Recent Events Shows Refugee Backlash
The actions of certain countries tightening their borders in recent times resembles somewhat of a backlash against earlier calls for refugees to be allowed to freely enter EU states and claim asylum.
Commentators have noted that after a period of goodwill, many states are becoming fed up with the lack of action across the bloc and are starting to buckle under the pressure placed on local authorities, witnessed through Germany and Austria's tightening of borders.
There are now more than 4 million Syrian #refugees worldwide. Over 2 million of them are being hosted by Turkey alone. #refugeecrisis — Refugee Action (@RefugeeAction) October 23, 2015
In order to try and address the situation along the so-called Balkan route, European Commission President Jean-Claude Juncker has called an extraordinary meeting with leaders from Austria, Bulgaria, Croatia, Macedonia, Germany, Greece, Hungary, Romania, Serbia and Slovenia to discuss what can be done to stem refugee flows.
I commend #Slovenia for its continuous demonstration of responsibility to the #EU rules. pic.twitter.com/DFQXR6fNUJ — DimitrisAvramopoulos (@Avramopoulos) October 22, 2015
There is also heavy criticism of the EU as a whole for failing to come up with a universal immigration policy or course of action over refugees, with wide differences in opinion between various EU countries.
Birth of A Nation's Box Office Flop and The Unrepentant Pettiness of Black Feminists.
Fee Blocked Unblock Follow Oct 9, 2016
I've decided to write this because I felt that it was much more conducive to do than a social media rant.
It's Sunday, October 9th, 2016 7:02 pm and I just want to start this by saying that at this point, I'm over social media, and I'm over the cyber mafia known as “Black Feminism”.
I‘m to the point where if I even see another black woman with “feminist” in their bio, I assume that she's petty and that I should not associate with them publicly or privately.
If you haven't seen/read the news already, Birth of A Nation has flopped in the box office and we have black feminism, which is just fancy cyber vernacular for “I hate black men because I always choose the wrong types of black men to entertain” and their male minions to thank.
This is pretty unfortunate to say, as a woman, especially in the world we live in where there is much negative stigma attached to being a black woman and being a black woman myself.
When I first was introduced to black feminism as teenager and through social media, I was expecting sisterhood, I'm not sure what kind, but that's what I was expecting. To my disappointment, “black feminism” was mostly a degree “toting” (pun intended), shea butter product selling, “cis-hetero” black men loathing, gay black man loving, promiscuity endorsing, white man dating, shade throwing, mention mobbing mafia, that occasionally makes great points concerning the mistreatment and the overall conditions of black women that they refer to as “misogynoir”.
If I hadn't of witnessed this for years prior, I'd just may have been on the Nate Parker hate bandwagon but I did so I'm not and no, this is not saying he's not guilty.
Anyhow, let's rewind time back to when this drama kicked off…
I remember in early August of this year, scrolling down my Facebook feed and seeing many clickbait style viral articles about Nate Parker having a white wife from black catered gossip bloggers and sites.
Sidenote: If we are to celebrate any heterosexual black man's success on social media they must be “CB4 blackity black” but not so much he's considered Hotep, they must also be married to a black woman, even if you've posted on social media about “getting a Caucasian John when Jerome doesn't work out to avoid stress, poverty and headache”, they must also be a simp, a male feminist, in proud support of black transgendered women, encourage prostitution, now formally known as sex work and move to the beat of the perverse Black Feminist drum.
Examples of the articles asupervisorstioned:
Article #1: Twitter Just Found Out Nate Parker Has A White Wife, Now Questioning Their Wokeness. Originally published by Bossip.
Article Highlights: “Nate Parker gained a gazillion Black points when they set out to create the rebel slave Nat Turner's biopic, A Birth Of A Nation.
But now that Twitter is finding out that they have a white wife, they are losing those points” — Posted at 1:39 AM on August 6, 2016 — By Bossip Staff
Sidenote: The fact that this article was published at 1:39 AM is just petty within itself. Anyhow…
Article #2:
Mixed Twitter Reactions (Some Old & Some Newer)
This tweet points out an interesting flip from a tweeter when they found out they were married to a white woman. At first they were “gorrrrrrrrrrrrrl” fine and then…not so much.
Sidenote: Social media has singlehandedly become the reasons I barely take compliments serious anymore.
For more tweets just click here for the official Twitter search.
Fast forward: After a slew of gossip sites published the information about their wife being white, about 10 days later, the cyberattack then moved up to the Black Feminist academia who write for mainstream media publications such as The Atlantic, Teen Vogue, Huff Post, TIME (who've they've begged for inclusion btw) and others and the next thing you know, the accusations of homophobia were birthed and information as well as legal documentation about their former rape case came up.
Sidenote: This is what bored black women on the internet who don't like you do by the way.
They can find your address, who your baby father's great-great grandfather is and what plantation they were on, validate your college degrees, find out how many evictions you have, your previous jail mugshots, pay $19.99 to Intelius for access to your private records etc,
After the “Black Girl Goodfellas” aka Black feminists added the more gasoline to the fire, upset that their “gworrrrrl they so fine” contender was married to a “Becky With The Good Hair” and apparently saying some questionable things about they gay men that they love more than themselves, white journalists had begun to “surf the hate wave”, which gave them 100x more credibility because of the reputations of these larger platforms. (Also because they're white platforms and, as you should know white people are always more credible.)
Sidenote: That was sarcasm. (-_-)
Example Articles:
This particular article, published via Ebony, was the straw that broke the camel's back. The tone of their responses in this interview didn't sit too well with the BG GoodFellas/Black feminists. It went on to go viral and spun off via white media.
Via The Daily Beast
Via Variety
Then this OP-ED article from LA Times with Gabrielle Union, a black woman and star in the film gave the BG Goodfellas/Black Feminist, the remainder of the ammunition that they needed.
Now lets fast forward a little more,
I found this very interesting discussion on the IMDb forums (read full thread here)…
User IboChild on August 25th astutely notes that 72.4% of the votes were either 1 or 10 prior to the commercial release of the film, majority being clearly negative due to It's now 5.4/10 rating from 3,462 users. ( The film was just released two days ago on Friday October 7th)
It wasn't enough for both black women oriented and white media platforms to have a field day with “propaganda pieces” disguised as think pieces with rumors and a former court case, they decided to head over to the Internet Movie Database “knuck if you buck” together and plunge the ratings BEFORE the film's release.
Petty.
Petty.
Petty.
Am I defending Nate Parker? Some will say yes, but I'd say no. What I'm trying to convey here are the dangers of social media when you're black, productive and visible in general and how our communal general consensus is solely based upon likability.
The moment you're disliked as a black person in the social media era, you're as good as dead. We tend do everything in our power to tear down the most capable within our race and then we cry and protest for justice because after the best, creative and brightest have been condemned, mobbed against or assassinated we're left with the weakest links, a bunch of people who may just have gotten a degree but their real life skills are usually limited to writing gossip articles, shade filled social media rants, holding aimless protests and shea butter lip balm making, these are not real world skills and none of these has ever or is going to push any culture forward.
I wouldn't have written this article if I felt we like in place of Nate Parker, we'd have many others more able and other black directors, creatives and makers getting spotlight and recognition, that we supported beyond tweets, and articles. (Take Queen of Katwe's flop for example despite all the social media “love” for Lupita Nyongo,or Solange's so called #1 album that sold 42,000 copies first week, that was very masterful btw,while their sister Beyonce went platinum the very first weekend of their release, the difference? having the “support” of the great hype vehicle aka the black community vs having the support of the actual money train aka white people.)
We rarely support anything beyond lip service and this is my #1 issue. I honestly feel as though the people who rallied to boycott this film would have bootlegged it anyways, Thus behooving me to ask, why the hell are we so mad to begin with? Pretentious outrage much?
Sidenote: We are lip service specialists. This is usually the main reason why we cannot progress forward without white people. Lot's of talk but little to no massive action unless we can destroy someone or something.
As a Recap + My Main Issues:
I am not defending Nate Parker as a rapist, homophobe just simply pointing out how destructive, petty and pretentious fellow black women can be online. I've seen this happen plenty of times but I'm using Nate Parker to prove my point because this situation provides the most proof + angles to do so.
The fact it took white media to give the film the platform and promotion it initially gained, is also a problem in itself not to mention that they sold their rights away for just $17 million when we have many black millionaires which shows me that as a race, we just might not make it anyways, always having to beg or need white people. $17 million will produce another low budget film at it's finest and is not much in the grand scheme of things.
The quick flip and switch, and the fact that people went to start digging into this man's life because they were “gworrrrrll fine” only to be disappointed and channel a tornado ill-will towards them because their wife wasn't black is another issue especially since 6/10 of them have white boyfriends or husbands.
The hypocrisy with shading the white woman he's married to but caring so much about them raping one.
The fact that this media assassination didn't start with genuine concern for them being a rapist but black women's typical and infallible jealousy.
This is probably the last black revolutionary film that will ever go mainstream because now, it has proven to not be profitable and worth the investment (Example: Danny Glover's Haitian Revolution film they couldn't get the proper funding for and if they do, they'll probably find some dirt on them too). For those of us who do like action, we'll now be stuck with the black soap operas, movies and about swirling and other media that appeals to feminists.
It would be one thing if we destroyed to rebuild but, all we do is destroy and social media amplifies this cycle, especially with black women.
And to Black women…
We are petty, we are insecure, we are destructive, we have more social and political power than our male counterparts than we'd like to acknowledge and we need to use it better.
And if you think that I'm being paranoid or a just “trying to put my sistas down”…now “they're” mad that the guy that plays Luke Cage has a white wife after a week of fanaticism and “gworrrrllll they fine” also…
LOL.
With that being said, Black radical feminists are just a different breed, imo. They could really be doing some serious educating on black women's issues, literature, art, history etc but being cyberbullies, petty and nonsensical online instead.
P.S. If it doesn't apply, let It fly.
Update (October 14th 1:09 AM):
Thanks for all the feedback both positive and negative. I just want you all to know that I stand very firmly in my opinion, I have not changed my mind, I will not argue with anyone, respond to attacks, nor do I apologize for anything that I've said.
Anyhow, if you're interested there's a Part 2 of this article entitled How Twitter Feminists Sabotaged ‘Birth of A Nation' where I break my thesis down further.
Much love to you all.
Fee,
Follow Me on Twitter | Add Me on Facebook | Follow Me on Instagram
P.S Send tips to here. Media inquiries hello@inthe9thhouse.com
FCC Chairman Tom Wheeler, who will depart next week, said that if the incoming Republican majority on the commission seeks to roll back their agenda, it will be “easier said than done.”
In an interview with Variety, hours after they gave a speech at the Aspen Institute defending the FCC's net neutrality rules, Wheeler said that moves to undo some of the actions taken in recent years will face public scrutiny.
“The idea of taking things away that American consumers and American companies enjoy today is not the easiest thing in the world,” Wheeler said. “And there are processes in the Administrative Procedure Act that they have to follow in order to do this, and they have to withstand court scrutiny. That is easier said than done.”
After their tenure ends on Jan. 20, the incoming administration will immediately enjoy a 2-1 majority on the commission. Republican commissioners Ajit Pai and Michael O'Rielly have already said that they would like to revisit the net neutrality rules. Pai gave a speech in December where they said that they would like to take a “weed whacker” to rules that they say have held up investment in the marketplace.
But much will depend on who is a President-elect Donald Trump selects as the next chair — whether that is one of the current commissioners or someone else.
Wheeler said that, after their departure, they will continue to speak out on issues like net neutrality.
“I am kind of hard to keep quiet,” Wheeler told Variety.
After taking a trip to Baja California and then Europe for the month of February, Wheeler said that they will join the Aspen Institute as a senior fellow, a position they said allows them to “kind of figure out what happens next.”
In their speech on Friday, they devoted much of their time to net neutrality, and cited press reports that a Republican-led commission, with an initial 2-1 majority, will pursue an “ideologically based course.”
Wheeler said that while they don't “envision myself as leading a crusade” if moves are made to roll back net neutrality and other issues, “I have opinions on things and I will speak out. I am looking at what the future holds.”
Wheeler joined the FCC in 2013 and was met with some skepticism from public interest groups given that they had previously led trade associations for the cable industry and wireless firms.
But they ended up at odds with many industry lobbyists on a number of issues. By far the most contentious was the reclassification of internet service as a common carrier, a regulatory maneuver that allowed the agency to pursue a robust set of net neutrality rules. They ban internet providers from blocking or throttling content, or from selling speedier access to the consumers.
A turning point in the net neutrality debate came in June 2014, when John Oliver used their HBO show “Last Week Tonight” to spotlight the issue. At the time, Wheeler had proposed an initial set of rules that stopped short of reclassification, and Oliver, seeing that approach as insufficient, went after Wheeler's previous experience with the cable lobby. Oliver said that it was like “the equivalent of needing a babysitter and hiring a dingo.”
Wheeler came to praise what Oliver did. Oliver's segment helped spur a flood of public comments to the FCC — near 4 million, setting a record.
“Well, I became a cult figure,” Wheeler said. “Actually, it helped raise the visibility of the whole thing. And it certainly created a strange sensation for me where suddenly the head of this small agency was [well] known.”
President Obama came out in favor of reclassification in November 2014, and Wheeler publicly announced their support for the alternate approach the following January. Internet providers, in challenging the rules in court, have argued that the FCC didn't follow proper procedure in changing course, but the D.C. Circuit upheld the rules in a decision last summer.
Wheeler continues to push back against the argument that the net neutrality rules would turn broadband growth, noting that investment is at a high level, almost two years since the rules were passed. “The reason you invest is in order to get a good return, and by golly, right now, broadband delivers a good return. Just look at the stock market,” they said.
Among the issues that disappointed them was the failure to pass new rules governing cable set-top boxes, which they say “might have been the most difficult battle.” A final version of the proposal would have required that cable operators provide apps of their programming lineups as a consumer alternative to the rental of set-top boxes. The proposal was sidelined in September after opposition mounted from even some Democrats on Capitol Hill and Wheeler failed to secure a third vote from Commissioner Jessica Rosenworcel to enable it to pass.
Although FCC officials tried to convince studios that the move would actually help content companies, the MPAA and even some of the talent guilds opposed it.
“I think this was a classic situation where people wanted it, but ‘Cablewood' didn't, and they were better at organizing the political forces,” Wheeler said. “There is an incestuous self-dependence between the cable companies and Hollywood, and they scratched each other's back on this.”
Wheeler also targeted state laws that prohibited cities from offering their own internet service, as a competitor to privately-owned broadband. But the FCC's approach was sidelined in the courts.
Still, Wheeler believes that the FCC's action helped, in that no states have since passed restrictions on publicly owned internet service, and cities are still looking at it as an alternative.
“That holds the potential to create new competition, even though the regulation didn't stand up to judicial review,” they said.
This week, the FCC also issued a report in which it concluded that AT&T and Verizon may be violating net neutrality with their offering of video services that don't count against mobile data caps. Such “zero ratings” have been the focus of concern among public interest groups, who fear that it will be a way for a company like AT&T to favor its own content on DirecTV while leaving competing video providers at a disadvantage.
But it's also doubtful that the incoming Republican majority, if it is determined to rollback regulations, will take action on the FCC's report.
Does Wheeler wish they had taken action sooner?
They said that the agency acted “in the appropriate manner” on the issue. “We tried to go through due process, and we were just working on what was the stepwise logical progression through all of this. It just happened that it came to a head post election,” they said.
During their tenure, Republican commissioners complained that they were being shut out of the rule making process. Wheeler has challenged that contention. At a Senate hearing in March, they and Pai clashed over the issue of whether net neutrality rules have stifled internet growth, with Wheeler pointing to a 13% jump in fiber investment. Pay called the rule a failure and offered to obtain sworn declarations from providers that they have slowed their spending.
Wheeler said that one thing they learned early on in their tenure is “that no matter what you do, you are going to make somebody mad, so you better get a thick skin quickly. I realized that pretty quickly.”
Having come from industry, Wheeler said that as chairperson they came to a realization that, in meeting with lobbying and other groups, “everyone comes in here and talks about how their self-interest is synonymous with the public interest.”
They added, “And you know, I used to do the same thing. My ‘aha' moment was that the public interest was a pretty malleable concept. The public interest is determined by the old adage, ‘Where you stand depends on where you sit.' And so, what I have tried to do is say, ‘OK, we need another standard.' And I kept saying to myself, ‘What is it that is in the common good, as differentiated from the public interest?' Because the common good is how you can serve the good of the most people the best way.”
Their proudest accomplishment that got little attention, they said, were actions on improving access to technology for people with disabilities. “We have had a whole series of decisions and actions on disability issues,” they said.
Asked what advice they would give to their successor, Wheeler again gave a warning of what will be ahead if the next FCC seeks to reverse many of the actions of the previous one. They said that person should enjoy the experience, but also be mindful of the Administrative Procedure Act.
“You can oppose decisions based on ideology, but the law requires that you make decisions based on the facts in the record,” they said.
A DHL spokesperson told news agency DPA on Wednesday that the company has asked certain people who live in the Wedding neighbourhood to pick up their packages at a DHL Express station in Wilmersdorf instead, noting that this policy has only been applied in a few isolated cases.
The spokesperson further explained that DHL will ask recipients in the future to also pick up their packages when it is necessary.
Local Berlin media had reported on Wednesday about the stoppage, with newspapers like the Berliner Kurier writing about “no-go” areas.
Tagesspiegel had reported that certain items like laptops and smartphones had been stolen during deliveries, quoting a DHL spokesperson who said that carriers had been threatened and attacked.
But DHL told DPA that it was cases of fraud that were the most concerning.
“The priority here is the safety of our couriers and of the deliveries that are given to us,” the company said.
“It is mainly about attempted fraud,” said the spokesperson, referring to when people falsely pose as the recipient of packages.
The spokesperson did not want to comment on reports by other Berlin media outlets of violent attacks on carriers, saying only that there had been less than a handful of such instances.
The DHL Express service is primarily used by businesses to deliver valuable items at fixed times. DHL's regular service will continue to bring packages directly to recipients, or leave them at a neighbour's house or a nearby post office when they are not at home.
The centrally-located Wedding is often characterized as being a "problem neighbourhood" by German media, known for having higher than average rates of joblessness and welfare recipients.
Berlin police declined to comment on the relative danger of the neighbourhood, pointing instead to their statistics, which show that within its greater district of Mitte, it has a lower frequency of crime overall than nearby tourist hub Alexanderplatz and the more residential Moabit, but relatively high rates of robbery and assault.
Local politicians and police reacted strongly to initial reports of “no-go” areas in Wedding.
“There are none of these 'no-go' areas,” a Berlin police spokesperson told The Local. “Police consistently follow every criminal offense, no matter where they happen.”
Nearly 18 percent of Brits who shop online are willing to use bitcoin some time in the future, a survey by Populous on behalf of Clarity Communications indicates. 57 percent have heard of and are aware of the digital currency's existence.
The results come from a pool of about 2,065 from the United Kingdom, and the results determined that men are more aware of bitcoin than are females, not surprisingly (69 percent of males vs. 45 percent of females aware of it).
Of the entire pool, just over 100 people (or 5 percent) say they've actually used bitcoin before. 29 percent said they had no interest in using bitcoin in the future, and another 29 percent just weren't sure if they would or would not.
Moving right along, 63 percent of respondents said they didn't know enough about bitcoin to use it, and 53 percent said their lack of experience is holding them back from giving it a shot. Interestingly, 52 percent of respondents cited security concerns as their barrier to entering the bitcoin realm.
“These results show that there's a long way to go before Bitcoin or any of the other digital currencies achieve anything like a critical mass with consumers. Issues around security, price volatility and usability are among the challenges facing the developers,” said Clarity Communications co-founder Jason Navon.
This is very interesting stuff. Check out the full report over at TheDrum.com. [via Bitcoin Examiner]
Normally, when a story involves a rich Nigerian person sending money, you can safely ignore it. But in the case of millionaire preacher Temitope (T.B.) Joshua (below), their efforts to curb Ebola are completely misguided and it's important to understand why:
To help the West African country [of Sierra Leone] fight the escalating Ebola crisis… Joshua says they have sent the Sierra Leone government 4,000 bottles of their patented holy anointed water and $50,000 in cash in a private jet, which also cost $50,000 to charter.
So they spent $100,000 to deliver $50,000… for the purpose of… well, I have no idea. Cash is great, but paper currency itself doesn't cure anything, and there's no telling if the money is being donated somewhere useful. Still, at worst, it's just a waste.
Then there's the holy water. For a guy who already claims to cure cancer and HIV (with no proof, of course), this is the bottom of the barrel.
This isn't just ineffective, it's harmful. It's possible that people suffering from the disease — who need to be quarantined and given whatever scientific treatment options are available — could “anoint” themselves with the water, wrongly think they're cured, and then go out in public again, spreading the virus even further.
I never thought I'd say this, but Joshua would be doing more for Ebola patients by praying for them, only because it would have no effect on them whatsoever.
Oh, by the way, if you give $50 a month to Joshua's ministry, you can help with more disastrous “humanitarian” efforts like these… or, more likely, you'd help them become even richer.
For Republic FC, it has gone from feast to famine as far as Major League Soccer loan players.
A number of players from the Portland Timbers FC and the San Jose Earthquakes dropped into Sacramento during the 2014 season.
Goalkeeper Jake Gleeson played the entire season on loan from Portland and San Jose Earthquakes forward Adam Jahn, the former Jesuit High star, spent the majority of the season back home.
Portland's George Fochive, Steven Evans and Alvas Powell and San Jose's Tommy Thompson, Mike Fucito and JJ Koval also contributed to Republic FC's run to the USL championship.
Sign Up and Save Get six months of free digital access to The Sacramento Bee
But with the USL season winding down, Republic FC is still waiting for its first MLS loan player of 2015.
Portland ended its affiliation with Republic FC before this season when the Timbers formed their own USL team. But San Jose remains an affiliate.
Republic FC officials have noted that the Earthquakes have had several injuries and that several players have been in and out of the lineup because of various national team commitments.
But recent player signings have bumped San Jose's roster to 29 players and earlier this month the ‘Quakes loaned veteran midfielder Khari Stephenson to the San Antonio Scorpions of the North American Soccer League.
But new Sacramento coach Paul Buckle says the relationship between the two clubs remains good.
They said they had a talk with San Jose coach Dominic Kinnear earlier this week.
“Obviously with the affiliation it has to suit the club that is loaning players out in terms of if they need a player to get games or they need a player to get some confidence,” Buckle said. “But it's also matter of do I think the player is right for us.
“I want it to work for all parties. We want to be in a sound relationship. I had a good chat with Dominic, and I'm sure we are going to do each other favors as we move forward.”
Extended stay – Buckle signed a three-year contract when they took over from Preki as coach last month but their wife Rebecca Lowe topped them when it was announced this week that NBC sports had received a six-year extension to broadcast English Premier League broadcasts in America. Lowe is the anchor for the broadcast team that includes commentators Robbie Earle, Robbie Mustoe and Kyle Martino. NBC was in the last year of a three-year, $250 million contract with the EPL.
“I'm thrilled for my wife,” Buckle said. “I'm pleased for everybody at NBC because they have really done a brilliant job.”
Buckle is a voracious watcher of the EPL matches, but not to offer insights to Lowe.
“I watched every game last weekend because it's important for my development as a manager,” they said of the EPL's 2015 kickoff weekend. “I don't say anything to them She's got the two Robbies and Kyle to do that. They are the experts.
“She's in an intense and professional business, and so am I. So when we're together, we try to find some space from our jobs to enjoy life.”
Dynamic duo –Before Buckle came aboard, Danny Barrera and Rodrigo Lopez usually lined up on opposite sides as midfield wings. But Buckle has used them together centrally in their first two USL matches in charge of the team.
Barrera likes the setup, only because they like to play off Lopez' creativity.
“Rodrigo is so intelligent, and has so many ideas,” Barrera said. “He can trick people with just small movements, and they have a killer instinct around the box.
“We think alike. Even in training we connect really well. I know what he's thinking. They know what I'm thinking.”
Will the presence of LeBron James persuade Kevin Love to stay in Cleveland? (Photo11: Dennis Wierzbicki, USA TODAY Sports)
Kevin Love should opt in. Kevin Love should opt out.
They should do this, they should do that.
Everyone seems to know what's best for Love, the Cleveland Cavaliers forward who sustained a dislocated shoulder Sunday against the Boston Celtics, had surgery on Wednesday and will be out 4-6 months, according to the the team.
If you listen, the Cavaliers are making a free-agent pitch to Love right now, as the Cavaliers get ready to play the Chicago Bulls in the Eastern Conference semifinals, starting with Game 1 on Monday.
The Cavaliers have let Love know how much they are wanted in Cleveland, and it might be a feeling — along with winning 53 games during the regular season and playing in the playoffs for the first time in their career — that Love has never felt before. The Cavaliers hope it resonates with their valuable forward.
If there is a disconnect between Love and Cavs All-Star LeBron James, it was hard to tell after Game 3. Love had just scored 23 points (6-for-10 on three-pointers) and collected nine rebounds. James expressed how important Love is to the Cavaliers and said for the Cavaliers to get where they wanted to go, Love needed to play their game. James said they know what kind of competitor Love is, how cerebral they are.
Cavs guard Kyrie Irving is close with Love and on Thursday, Irving called Love one of their brothers, saying "when one of your brothers goes down, there's a piece of us that went with him."
Those are significant comments, and Love no doubt heard them.
The Cavaliers have an advantageous head start in the free-agent process. Not only can the Cavaliers continue a dialogue with them about their place and role in the team's future, they are making them feel wanted and important.
That's no guarantee Love stays with Cleveland, and that's why Love's shoulder injury, combined with the possibility of becoming a free agent this summer, and leaving or staying with the Cavaliers is one of the most intriguing story lines in the NBA. There are a whirlwind of scenarios and questions for Love to consider.
They can become a free agent this summer, if that's what they want. They have a player option on the final year of their contract for the 2015-16 season, meaning they can be a free agent in July or they can play out the final year of their contract and become a free agent in the summer of 2016.
For the record, Love has stated they plan to opt in and finish the last season. That's the prudent thing to say publicly, but Love owes it to themselves — as do all players — to explore every option and determine what's best for him. Strictly from a financial standpoint, and even if Love wants to stay with the Cavaliers, they should opt out, become a free agent this summer and take advantage of another spike in the salary cap.
Love is scheduled to make $16.7 million next season. If they opt out, their starting salary with the Cavaliers or another team in a max deal will be about $18.9 million based on salary cap projections.
If Love signs a five-year max deal with the Cavs this summer, it would be worth approximately $108.9 million. If Love signs a max deal this offseason with another team, it would be for four years, $80.8 million.
But complicating matters — beyond an injured shoulder — is the money coming in from the new TV deal that will increase the salary cap to a projected $89 million in 2016-17, up from $67.1 million in 2015-16.
If Love plans accordingly (signing a two-year deal with a player player option this summer) and takes advantage of the $89 million salary cap in the summer of 2016, they stand to make considerably more money. That summer, the Cavs could offer them a five-year deal worth approximately $144.4 million. Another team could offer them a four-year deal worth $107.2 million.
Remember that Love has never had that super large payday. In 2012, they signed a four-year extension worth $60.8 million. Of course that's a significant amount, but it was not a five-year extension and it was not one of the $100 million deals that will be commonplace soon for the league's best players.
How badly and how soon does Love want that mega-deal and will their shoulder injury and other aches and pains play into their decision?
In almost all situations, the Cavaliers have the long-term advantage: They have Love's Bird rights and can offer them one more year (five) than other teams and offer more money.
But beyond the financial implications, Love might consider other aspects of their future: Where do they want to play? For a certain team? Certain coach? With a specific player? Are they interested in winning a championship sooner rather than later?
Love has plenty to consider, and they have plenty of time to consider it while watching their teammates in the playoffs.
Follow Jeff Zillgitt on Twitter @JeffZillgitt.
Like many great things, it all started with toilet paper: In the spring of 1966, the Scott Paper Company, a major manufacturer of disposable household paper goods, launched a promotion for its colorful new line of bathroom tissue, napkins, paper towels, and other products. Along with a couple of proofs-of-purchase, customers could redeem a mail-order coupon for a preposterous new concept, a paper dress. The advertisements offered two designs, a red paisley bandana pattern or a black-and-white Op Art print, both at the low price of $1.25 including shipping.
“They went out of fashion for quite a few different reasons, but durability wasn't really the problem.”
While wearable items had been made from paper in the past—think paper folding fans, crepe paper costumes, or paper soda-jerk hats—they'd never truly caught on as mainstream fashion. But Scott's “Paper Caper” dresses were a surprise hit, and by the year's end, the company had received nearly half a million orders. Several other businesses jumped on the disposable clothing bandwagon, as hip young women clamored for the cheap paper shifts advertising their favorite political candidates or candy bars, or featuring groovy patterns and modern photography. Yet like these disposable garments, the trend was also short-lived; by the end of the Go-Go Sixties, the fad was already passé.
Before the paper dress became a phenomenon, fabric made from plant cellulose was conceived as a cheap alternative to reusable woven textiles in places like hospitals and laboratories. When reinforced cellulose was developed during the late 1950s, companies were afraid to market the materials using the term “paper” because they feared their products would be seen as too weak. Scott's product consisted of a rayon scrim in between two layers of cellulose fiber, which it named Duraweave, while competitor Kimberly-Stevens called their cellulose-and-nylon combo Kaycel. “They thought it'd be good for hospital gowns, radiation suits, that kind of thing,” explains Jonathan Walford, curatorial director of the Fashion History Museum in Cambridge, Ontario. “They hadn't even thought about fashion as a possibility.”
Then, in 1965, an engineer for Scott asked their wife to design a basic A-line dress using Duraweave fabric so the company could create samples for potential department-store clients. Though these garments were certainly more durable than the company's paper towels, they were still meant to be discarded after a couple of wears. (The dresses were actually washable but included a warning that water would remove the garment's fire-retardant coating.)
However, retailers weren't interested in the disposable dresses until Scott's April 1966 promotional campaign got such a positive response. In their book, “Ready to Tear: Paper Fashions of the ‘60s,” Walford writes that, “the self-consciously modern 1960s and its optimistic quest for a space-age future had created a progress-minded society that was ready to embrace the ephemeral quality of disposable apparel.” Despite their shocking success, Scott's direct profits remained low, since the dresses were priced so cheaply their sales barely covered the costs of production.
Within months, other manufacturers wanted a piece of the paper-dress market. A North Carolina hosiery company named Mars of Asheville partnered with Kimberly-Stevens to design a line of fashionable clothing using rolls of the reinforced cellulose printed in dazzling patterns by a gift-wrapt company. In September, a Brooklyn department store launched a special paper boutique featuring customizable dresses sold with watercolor paint sets, hiring Andy Warhol to silkscreen a dress on a live model during the event. The following month, the venerable Wadsworth Atheneum in Hartford, Connecticut, hosted a “paper ball,” elevating Warhol's stunt to another level by commissioning well-known fashion designers to create paper couture for the party.
“I think that's when these dresses work really well—if you treat them like a canvas,” Walford says. “Campbell's Soup reappropriated Andy Warhol's art in 1967 as a promotion, and I think that's one of the most successful paper dresses out there, the Souper Dress as they called it.”
The concept of a cheap, disposable garment offered a perfect billboard for commercial products, as Campbell's had realized with its iconic dress. Political campaigns also latched onto the disposable dress, particularly heading into the 1968 party conventions, when several presidential candidates were featured on paper dresses, including George Romney, Richard Nixon, Robert Kennedy, Nelson Rockefeller, and Pierre Trudeau in Canada.
“This is the beginning of the T-shirt art era,” Walford says. “There had been a few examples of printing T-shirts with designs on them, but this was an even cheaper way of producing promotional material. Paper dresses were often given away with coupons by companies like Butterfingers, Jolly Green Giant, Viking Kitchen Carpets, and Owens Corning. But I think the most interesting one was a paper sari that was produced for Air India by Elisa Daggs.”
Trans World Airlines (TWA) took Dagg's designs even further, incorporating unique paper flight attendantess outfits for certain themed flights. “You'd take off, and they'd be wearing their regular TWA uniforms, and then they would go change so it would be a surprise,” Walford explains. “They would have these themed trips, back when air travel was fun. There was a French, English, Italian, and New York style dress.”
At the same time, higher-end designers like Daggs, Bonnie Cashin, and Judith Brewer started selling their own lines of disposable clothing at luxury prices. “A host of designers also did one-offs,” Walford says. “Givenchy, Paco Rabanne, Mr. Blackwell, who was known for their best-dressed list, and Bellville Sassoon did one in London. But it was only a single dress made for a photo shoot, or something like that.”
While most paper dresses were actually priced very low, none lasted long enough to save customers much money. Beyond cost, paper dresses faced several other issues preventing them from becoming more than a novelty. “Women who remember wearing paper dresses have told me they were stiff and uncomfortable and scratchy,” Walford says. “They also tended to catch the wind, so if you sat down, your dress might billow out. And if you wore one to an office party, like at Christmas, you had every guy intentionally spilling drinks on your paper. So they went out of fashion for a few different reasons, but durability wasn't really the problem.”
Walford was given the first disposable dress for their collection in the mid-'80s, and he's since acquired an example of nearly every paper dress ever manufactured. “Of the dresses I've acquired for the collection, most that came with any provenance were often because the woman had bought two or three of the dresses,” Walford says. “She would wear one, realize it wasn't terribly good, and leave the other two in the bottom of a drawer for 20 or 30 years.”
“I think the appeal was strictly novelty,” Walford adds. “This is from a period where they're shooting for the moon and plastics are exciting. It was all very contemporary, very consciously modern.”
Even as paper dresses fell out of fashion, manufacturers continued working with thin non-woven fabrics, especially longer-lasting materials like Tyvek, which was used by designer Sarah Caplan for their collection of disposable dresses in 1999. A few companies tried using reinforced cellulose for menswear as well as specific occasions, like disposable bathing suits for hotel stays. “They also revived the men's paper suit in the '90s,” Walford says. “A guy wore one to the premiere of ‘The Lion King' in Toronto and ripped the seat out of it right in front of the cameras, so that was the end of it the second time around.”
The family of a federal judge had just been brutally murdered. And as Harold C. Turner remembered it, it seemed an opportune time for the F.B.I. to make use of their secret role as a confidential informant.
Sitting together at a New Jersey diner, the F.B.I. agents told Mr. Turner, an Internet radio host and provocateur, that they wanted their help identifying a killer, whom they believed to be a member of a white supremacist organization, Mr. Turner testified on Wednesday in United States District Court in Brooklyn.
Mr. Turner enjoyed a devoted following among such groups because of the racist and inflammatory views they espoused on their program. The F.B.I.'s request, Mr. Turner said, came with a suggestion: “Ratchet up the rhetoric.”
Mr. Turner said they immediately obliged. That afternoon they posted a picture of the judge, Joan Humphrey Lefkow of Federal District Court in Chicago, on their blog below the headline “Gotcha!”He later appeared on television twice to discuss the case — for which they said they were paid by the F.B.I. — both times declaring Judge Lefkow “worthy of death.”
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
This description of the meeting in 2005 was presented on Wednesday during Mr. Turner's testimony in their trial for threatening the life of three other federal judges in Illinois.
General Viktor Bondarev, chief of staff of the Russian Air Force.
Two days after the attack on the Russian Su-24 by a Turkish F-16 in Syrian air-space, General Viktor Bondarev, chief of staff of the Russian Air Force, made an astonishing declaration which totally changes the image broadcast by the Western media, which has so far published only the Turkish version.
In accordance with the memorandum concerning the Syria campaign signed by Moscow and Washington on the 26th October, the Russian command informed the US 12 hours before the mission involving two Su-24 bombers over nothern Syria. They sent all the details of the mission, including the time of take-off - 09.40 a.m. - the altitude – 5,600 to 6,000 metres - and the targets to be bombed – in the area of the Chefir, Mortlou and Zahia region in the north of Syria, on the frontier of the Turkish region of Hatay. The Su-24 tactical bombers took off from the Hmeymim air base at the appointed hour - 09.40 a.m. - each one armed with four OFAB-250 bombs. From 09.51 until 10.11 a.m., the Russian bombers flew in a holding area at an altitude of 5,650 metres and 5,800 metres respectively, to the south of the Syrian city of Idlib. At 10.11 a.m., the two Russian bombers received the GPS coordinates of their targets, and made a primary vertical passage over their targets at 10.16 a.m., during which they dropped bombs. After having made the necessary manœuvres to position themselves for a second attack, one of the Su-24 bombers was hit by an air-to-air missile fired by the Turkish F-16 at 10.24 a.m.
A control analysis of the on-target results, corroborated by the radar network which surveys Syrian air-space, revealed the presence of the two Turkish F-16's, between 09.08 a.m. and 10.29 a.m., flying at an altitude of 4,200 metres over the Turkish region of Hatay, on the border with Syria. The Turkish planes had taken off at 08.40 a.m., and landed at 11.00 a.m.
The time necessary for the jets to start their motors and take off from the air base at Diyarbakir and reach their service zone, situated at 410 kilometres from their base, shows that the two Turkish F-16's had received their orders one hour before the Russian bombers took off. This in turn proves that the two Turkish pilots knew that they would be engaging Russian Su-24's and were aware of the details of the bombers' mission, so that they were prepared for their action and were able to position themselves to shoot down the Russian plane to make it appear that the Russians had entered Turkish air-space. They had therefore received orders not to apply the procedure described in the international treaties, which Turkey has signed, in other words interception, followed by visual contact, a warning shot with the on-board cannon, and then, if necessary, destruction.
According to General Viktor Bondarev, the Su-24 bomber had maintained a distance of more than 5 kilometres from the Turko-Syrian border throughout the whole flight, before entering the area in which the Turkish F-16 could fire its heat-seeking air-to-air missile, which flew almost perpendicular to the direction of the Su-24's. The Turkish plane made a 110-degree turn lasting 1 minute and 40 seconds in order to fire and hit the rear of the Russian bomber. Because of this turn, the Turkish F-16 penetrated two kilometres into Syrian air-space, where it remained for 40 seconds, while the Su-24 only penetrated Turkish air-space for 17 seconds. This was enough for the F-16 to be detected by the radar screens at the Hmeymim air base after the attack, during which it dived to below 2,500 metres.
The turn manœuvre positioned the F-16 from 5 to 7 kilometres behind one of the Russian Su-24 bombers, with an approach speed which enabled the firing of the missile. After the attack, there was no recorded radio contact, either from the pilots or the Turkish command, including the channel which was specially designed for co-operative contact.
Bondarev's conclusion is that the Turkish pilots had spent several weeks training specifically to shoot down a Russian bomber on their border with Syria, and that the final details of the ambush had been carefully refined by the Turks - probably with their NATO allies – during the 12 hours which had followed the arrival of the information sent by the Russians before take-off.
Why Fat People Always Feel Hungry - I've been reading a lot about diets and obesity, and I've finally come to some conclusions which have been corroborated in Gary Taubes' paradigm-shattering book, Good Calories, Bad Calories.
The body regulates fat metabolism very precisely in ALL people--fat, lean, and in-between.
In a few sentences - Digestion of carbs and sugars leads to insulin secretion. Insulin secretion tells your body to store fat in fat cells. Insulin secretion also prevents your body from releasing fat from fat cells. You cannot lose weight (burn fat) with insulin in your bloodstream .
In other words - Insulin prevents your fat cells from releasing fat. So if you reduce your blood insulin levels (through low-carb eating), you enable your body to burn fat. But if you keep insulin levels high (through high-carb eating), you absolutely CANNOT burn fat.
The model 1 below explains why people get fat and why fat people constantly feel hungry.
In simple terms, when you eat, your body uses the fuel it needs, and any excess is stored as fat in fat cells. During the time between meals, your body signals the fat cells to release its stored fat. When your fat cells don't respond fast enough to your body's demand for fuel, the body tells your brain to make you feel hungry. Hunger drives you to eat, which increases the fuel immediately available, satisfying your body's demand.
The reason an obese person constantly feels hungry is because their fat cells are responding too slowly to their body's demand for fuel. When an obese person's body isn't getting enough fuel from fat cells, the body tells their brain to feel hungry. It cannot be helped.
Put another way, even though obese people have plenty of fat reserves, they feel hungry because their fat cells won't release fat fast enough to satisfy their body's fuel needs. That inevitably leads to hunger. They cannot help but feel hungry. Their body wants fuel, and if the fat cells can't deliver, the body will get the fuel it needs by making the person hungry.
Hunger is nothing more than a signal that your body needs fuel and that fat cells are not able to supply the fuel.
What causes the fat cells to release fat too slowly?
Insulin resistance - When you eat carbs, your body breaks the carbs down into glucose, which enters the bloodstream. The glucose in the blood triggers the pancreas to secrete insulin. Insulin tells your body's cells (including fat cells) to pull glucose from the bloodstream into the cell. When glucose is transfered into a cell, it is used for energy. A by-product of this energy creation is a glycerol molecule. Glycerol molecules have a special affinity for free lipid (fat) molecules. In fact, free floating lipids start binding to the glycerol to create triglycerides (each glycerol molecule binds three lipid molecules). Once lipids (fats) are bound into triglycerides, the fat cannot leave the cell. It's stuck in the cell. Effectively, the fat cell has just gotten fatter--all due to you eating carbs.
So it's carbs, which break down into glucose, that cause you to get fat, not the fats themselves. If you ate only fat and your body did not secrete insulin, you would not--could not--get fat. You couldn't get fat because in order for a fat cell to get fatter, it needs a glycerol molecule. Glycerol molecules are not made unless glucose is pulled into the cell. And glucose won't get pulled into the cell without insulin, which won't be secreted by the pancreas unless the blood contains glucose derived from the carbs you eat.
Evidence for this can be found in victims of type I diabetes. A person with type I diabetes is unable to get fat because their or their pancreas does not produce insulin. Without insulin, a diabetic person absolutely CANNOT store fat. Then only way a type I diabetic can store fat is by injecting insulin.
When insulin is in the bloodstream of a person (whether diabetic or not), the hormones that signal fat cells to release fat WILL NOT WORK. In fact, as long as insulin is in the bloodstream, fat cells WILL NOT RELEASE FAT. Without fuel from fat cells, the body signals your brain to make you hungry.
Since carbs drive insulin, and insulin makes you fat, if you remove the carbs from your diet, you absolutely will lose fat. Why? Because without the carbs, there is no insulin. Without the insulin, your body CANNOT store fat. But most important, without the insulin, fat-releasing hormones can finally do there job . Without insulin, you fat cells can release fat.
Obese people are often insulin resistant. That is, their cells do not respond very readily to insulin. As a result, blood glucose level remain high, signaling the pancreas to keep pumping out insulin. This keeps blood insulin levels chronically high in a insulin resistant person. And since blood insulin levels are high, NONE of the fat-releasing hormones that signal fat cells to release fat will work. In other words, an insulin resistant person CANNOT release fat from their fat cells because chronically high blood insulin levels prevent fat-releasing hormones from working.
To beat a dead horse, fat cells cannot release fat while insulin is in the bloodstream.
Fat cell size - The amount of fat released from a fat cell (in response to appropriate hormonal signals) seems to be directly related to the size of the fat cell.2 The more fat in the cell, the faster the rate of fat release. The smaller the fat cell, the slower the rate of fat release. This relationship creates something of a control or feedback mechanism which, along with other hormones, helps regulate a person's stable weight. As fat cells release fat, they become smaller. Because they are smaller, they release less fat. At some point, the rate is slow enough that the body isn't getting the energy it needs, so it sends a signal to make you hungry. That point of transition where the fat cells are too small to release fat at a rate to satisfy the body's fuel demands is a person's stable weight.
1 The model is a gross simplification but, like a crude map, it will get you where you want to go, and provide a handy model for what's going on and why you do, or do not, get fat.
2 As you gain weight, your fat cells don't increase in number, they increase in size.
Related Posts
Chris — 30 April 2008, 20:58
So, Atkins was right?
Brent — 01 May 2008, 07:16
Atkins was not the first to recognize that low carbs equals weight loss, but they certainly are the first to make it popular. The point is that if you have insulin in your bloodstream, your body WILL NOT burn fat. It's that simple. The easiest way to reduce insulin levels is to avoid carbs and sugars. That's the model that seems to work for weight loss. That said, no long term studies have been done on such a diet's impact on long-term health, though we do has some epidemiological evidence from various populations who eat low carb. But epi studies can get us into trouble (remember Hormone Replacement Therapy), so we need to do the controlled studies. While there are some studies that indicate that low carb is better than high carb for losing weight, we just don't have studies about a low carb diet's impact on overall health and longevity. That said, I don't see how taking out processed carbs and sugars could be a bad thing. Beyond that, we just don't have the controlled studies to say.
Sara — 24 May 2008, 06:23
which is also why many of the "low fat" diet products don't work - many are high in sugar and processed sugar at that. hi brent!
Brent — 25 May 2008, 09:09
Voting for the Fans' Player Of The Season and Fans' Goal Of The Season Awards at eagles.cpfc.co.uk closes at 9am on Friday morning.
All fans can vote HERE – simply log-in to or register your free eagles.cpfc.co.uk account. Season ticket holders and paid members can log in using their client reference number too.
Voting closes at 9am Friday, and results will be confirmed next week.
FANS' PLAYER OF THE SEASON
The shortlist is as follows:
WILFRIED ZAHA
ANDROS TOWNSEND
MAMADOU SAKHO
CHRISTIAN BENTEKE
YOHAN CABAYE
JASON PUNCHEON
FANS' GOAL OF THE SEASON
The shortlist is as follows:
Goal A – ZAHA V HULL 10.12.16
Goal B – ZAHA v SWANSEA 3.1.17
Goal C – TOWNSEND V WBA 4.3.17
Goal D – BENTEKE V CHELSEA 1.4.17
Goal E – CABAYE V ARSENAL 10.4.17
Fans casting their vote for Goal of the Season stand the chance of winning the opportunity to present the award to the player who receives the most votes, before the Manchester United game.
Click HERE to cast your vote for goal of the season.
According to the Times, questions are being raised about Hillary Clinton. By something, with the reporter being a mere passive vessel for inevitable questions:
A top aide to Hillary Clinton at the State Department agreed to try to obtain a special diplomatic passport for an adviser to former President Bill Clinton in 2009, according to emails released Thursday, raising new questions about whether people tied to the Clinton Foundation received special access at the department.
Hmm, it strikes me that the “questions” that were “raised” have an “answer,” which is generously provided:
The request by the adviser, Douglas J. Band, who started one arm of the Clintons' charitable foundation, was unusual, and the State Department never issued the passport. Only department employees and others with diplomatic status are eligible for the special passports, which help envoys facilitate travel, officials said.
So, in conclusion, 1)a Hillary Clinton aide asked for a special favor, 2)didn't get it, and 3)this “raises questions” because the Clintons once lost money in a minor Arkansas land deal or something.
I have no idea what explains it, but this form of hackery has been endemic at the Times for decades. The clouds over the Clinton campaign can never be dissipated.
…much more from Pierce.
Linus Ullmark showed they could handle a heavy workload. The Sabres have rewarded him.
Buffalo has signed the goaltender to a two-year deal worth $1.5 million. The 23-year-old was set to be a restricted free agent July 1.
“Linus has worked hard both on and off the ice, and their performance at both the NHL and AHL levels has reflected those efforts,” Sabres General Manager Jason Botterill said Tuesday. “He made great strides during their second season in North America, and we are eager to see them continue their development.”
Las Vegas could have a say in whether the Sabres watch Ullmark's development. Teams can protect only one goaltender in the upcoming expansion draft, and Buffalo also has No. 1 netminder Robin Lehner. The protection lists must be submitted Saturday, and the results of the expansion draft will be announced June 21.
Teams can work out deals with the Golden Knights to entice them not to select certain players. Former Buffalo GM Tim Murray had the framework of a deal in place with Vegas GM George McPhee, and Botterill has also had talks with McPhee.
Ullmark would be worth protecting. They were voted Most Valuable Player in Rochester this season. They led the American Hockey League in games played (55) and shots faced (1,678). While the Amerks struggled to a 32-41-3 record, Ullmark went 26-27-2 with a .909 save percentage.
Selected in the sixth round of the 2012 NHL Draft, Ullmark has appeared in 21 games for the Sabres during the past two seasons.  They are 8-11-2 with a .913 save percentage.
The average annual salary of $750,000 appears to be a good deal for the Sabres. The final year of Ullmark's entry-level contract had an NHL salary of $892,500, according to CapFriendly.com.
UPDATE: CapFriendly reports Ullmark will receive $700,000 this season and $800,000 in 2018-19. The salary is the same whether the goalie is in Buffalo or Rochester, so the Sabres get a good price and Ullmark gets NHL security.
The 6-foot-4, 220-pounder had an award-winning career in their native Sweden before joining the Sabres in 2015-16. They were named the best goaltender in the junior league in 2012-13. Ullmark followed that up with the Honken Trophy as the top goalie in Sweden's elite league in 2013-14, recording a .931 save percentage for MODO.
The Sabres' remaining restricted free agents include forwards Marcus Foligno, Johan Larsson, Zemgus Girgensons and Evan Rodrigues.
WASHINGTON (CN) – Cruise ships and other passenger ships larger than 300 gross tons will have to leave California waters before discharging their sewage, according to new rules adopted by the Environmental Protection Agency.
The agency adopted the rules in response to a 2006 petition from the California State Water Resources Control Board requesting a no discharge zone extending three miles from the shore line and encompassing all enclosed bays and estuaries and islands including the Farallone and Channel Islands.
According to the U.S. Coast Guard, sewage treated by marine sanitation devices often contains higher concentrations of pathogens and pollutants than sewage from land-based waste water treatment plants.
The ecology of more than 120 miles of the California coast is impaired by pathogens from sewage, the EPA says. The agency estimates that the new restrictions will prohibit the discharge of 22.5 million gallons of sewage per year.
The new rules apply only to ships with sewage holding tank capacity or containing sewage generated while the vessel was outside state waters.
The rules go into effect March 28.
Click the document icon for this regulation and others.
Like this: Like Loading...
Image copyright AFP Image caption The overthrow of the president by the Seleka rebel group in 2013 sparked the current crisis
Armed groups in the Central African Republic have agreed to release all the children that are working with them and end child recruitment, the UN says.
Militias are said to have recruited 6,000-10,000 children to work as soldiers, messengers or cooks.
The UN children's agency, Unicef, says it now needs to see the agreement put into practice.
Unicef says the CAR conflict "has created one of the world's worst - and least visible - humanitarian crises".
CAR has been wracked by violence since a mainly Muslim rebel group seized power in March 2013.
The Seleka group was then ousted, sparking a wave of violent reprisals against the Muslim population, thousands of whom fled their homes.
Image copyright AFP Image caption Unicef says that the violence in the CAR has created one of the world's worst humanitarian crises
Government representatives, leaders of armed groups and UN agencies negotiated the deal during a week of talks in the CAR capital, Bangui.
Unicef chief in CAR Mohamed Malick Fall described it as "a major step forward for the protection of children".
But Unicef is cautious and wants immediate access to areas under the control of armed groups, and a strict timetable for the children's release, reports the BBC's Imogen Foulkes from Geneva, where Unicef is based.
Also the children will face a long rehabilitation, Unicef says.
A week-long national reconciliation forum began on Monday in Bangui bringing together politicians, armed groups, and religious leaders.
The talks are part of a process aimed at leading to new elections.
The High Court in New Delhi is so behind in its work that it could take up to 466 years to clear the enormous backlog, the court's chief justice said in a damning report that illustrates the decrepitude of India's judicial system.
The Delhi High Court races through each case in an average of four minutes and 55 seconds but still has tens of thousands of cases pending, including upward of 600 that are more than 20 years old, according to the report.
The problems of the Delhi High Court, which hears civil, criminal, and constitutional cases, is more the standard than the exception in India. The country's creaky judicial system has long been plagued by corruption, inefficiency and lack of accountability, often making the rule of law unattainable for all but the wealthy and the well-connected.
The United Nations Development Program says some 20 million legal cases are pending in India.
"It's a completely collapsed system," said Prashant Bhushan, a well-known lawyer in New Delhi. "This country only lives under the illusion that there is a judicial system."
One reason for the delays is that there aren't enough sitting judges. India — a country of 1.1 billion people — has approximately 11 judges for every million people compared with roughly 110 per million in the United States. India's Justice Ministry last year called for an increase of 50 judges per million people by 2013, but it was unclear how the government would pay for such a massive overhaul.
The Delhi High Court, the state's top court, had 32 judges in 2007 and 2008 instead of the allotted 48, according to the chief justice's annual report, released Tuesday.
The court had at least 629 civil cases and 17 criminal cases pending that were more than 20 years old as of March 2008. Although, that's an improvement from April 2007 when the court had 882 civil and 428 criminal cases pending that were that old.
Chief Justice A.P. Shah said in the report that "it would take the court approximately 466 years" to clear the pending 2,300 criminal appeals cases alone.
Critics say another major problem is corruption, a plague throughout every layer of Indian government.
'Corruption is commonplace'
"Of course corruption is there," said J.S. Verma, a retired Supreme Court justice. "The people who man the courts and the court system come from the society" where corruption is commonplace.
Last year, the Delhi High Court convicted two senior lawyers for trying to influence a key witness to change their testimony in a high-profile case involving a hit-and-run that left six people dead. The lawyers, who were busted in a sting by a television news channel, received what some called a light punishment: They were barred from appearing in court for four months and fined 2,000 rupees ($50).
The corruption in the case was only notable because one of the lawyers had defended important political figures, said Bhushan
"There are plenty of lawyers who are engaged in this business of bribing judges," they said. "It's a lucrative business."
The hit-and-run case was another example of the long lag between crime and conviction: the accident occurred in 1999, but the driver was not found guilty until 2008.
Critics say other problems include the strict formalities that slow down every step of the legal process and are common across India's vast bureaucracy.
Bhushan says the Herculean task of simply registering a case wastes time and denies ordinary citizens access to the court.
"All kinds of objections are raised — the copies are dim, the margins are not wide enough, it's single-spaced instead of being double-spaced," they said. "For a layperson, it's impossible."
Verma, the retired Supreme Court judge, said extending working hours would be a major step toward clearing the backlog.
The Delhi High Court hears cases for five hours and 15 minutes a day, and is open for 213 working days a year, according to the report. Verma and others said the court could easily work longer hours.
"A commitment and proper work culture can solve at least half the problems, if not more," Verma said. "I don't think you would have to wait four centuries to have a case decided."
CLOSE Sen. Dianne Feinstein discusses the Senate Intelligence Committee's report on the CIA's interrogation of suspected terrorists after the 9/11 attacks. VPC
U.S Attorney General Eric Holder (Photo11: Olivier Douliery, European Pressphoto Agency)
WASHINGTON — The Justice Department's decision Tuesday not to re-open a criminal investigation into the CIA's treatment of detainees immediately prompted a renewed debate about how those responsible for the torture of 9/11 suspects should be held accountable.
While some civil rights advocates and legal analysts said the grim disclosure of abuses — water-boarding, extreme sleep deprivation and others — outlined by the Senate Intelligence Committee's report offered new evidence of criminal acts that should be prosecuted, others suggested that new laws may be the only salve to a system that allowed the brutal interrogations.
"The true test of our nation's character comes now,'' said Elizabeth Goitein, co-director of the Liberty and National Security Program at New York University's Brennan Center for Justice. "Will we make excuses and try to defend the indefensible? Or will we finally acknowledge that our nation crossed a terrible line, and start talking about accountability?''
Goitein said the most "realistic'' path toward that accountability, given Justice's decision not to renew its criminal inquiry, is to rid the government of a structure that permitted such a program.
"At every level, we need to hold the system accountable,'' Goitein said. "This wasn't just the work of rogue officials.''
Elisa Massimino, president and chief executive of Human Rights First, said the immediate goal should be focused on "building a durable consensus against torture in the U.S.''
"The current administration has made prosecution a non-starter and could risk further polarization,'' Massimino said. "Accountability can come in many different forms. The question is how we come to grips with what we did as a country. As a country we need to own it. Truth telling is a form of accountability.''
Two years ago, the Justice Department announced its initial decision not to bring criminal charges following what Attorney General Eric Holder characterized as "extraordinarily thorough and complete'' reviews conducted by special prosecutor John Durham.
The same investigators involved in the previous four-year Justice inquiry "reviewed the committee's full report and did not find any new information that they had not previously considered in reaching their determination,'' a Justice official said Tuesday. The official was not authorized to speak publicly about criminal investigations and spoke on condition of anonymity.
While the earlier examination had generated two criminal investigations, Justice "declined those cases for prosecution because the admissible evidence would not be sufficient to obtain and sustain convictions beyond a reasonable doubt.''
"The attorney general made clear at the time of the review that the department would not prosecute anyone who acted in good faith and within the scope of the legal guidance given by the (Justice) Office of Legal Counsel regarding the interrogation of detainees,'' the official said. "Our inquiry was limited to a determination of whether prosecutable offenses were committed.''
But some who represent survivors of the torture program, including alleged al-Qaeda planner Abu Zubaydah, said the Senate panel's findings should serve as the basis for criminal prosecution.
"We have witnessed firsthand the devastating human consequences in meetings with our clients (now being held at Guantanamo Bay's detention center),'' said Baher Azmy, legal director for the Center for Constitutional Rights, whose attorneys continue to represent Zubaydah and other detainees.
"We renew our demand for accountability for those individuals responsible for the CIA torture program. They should be prosecuted in U.S. courts. And if our government continues to refuse to hold them accountable, they must be pursued internationally.''
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/1D3WD15
Weaving down the alp came the Bilderbus, taking delegates on a whistlestop tour of the Tyrol. Buzzing along above it, at a crazy height, was its helicopter escort. I swear I could have bounced a euro off the roof of the coach and into the blades. If I'd wanted to have been dropped by an NSA sniper.
In the coach below it must have been like being in a washing machine. No wonder the delegates on board looked grumpy. Sitting up front, Jessica T Mathews had a face like thunder. Although maybe the cause of their headache wasn't the helicopter, but rather the howling contradiction of being on the steering committee of the world's most secretive policy summit and also on the advisory council of Transparency International USA.
Also on the bus was James Wolfensohn. A fellow member of TI-USA's advisory council, Wolfensohn was the joint winner of their 2014 “integrity award”, an honour they shared with that other famous transparency campaigner, and the world's fourth-biggest arms company, Raytheon. Previous winners of the integrity award include (and I kid you not) Coca-Cola, General Electric and the then secretary of state Hillary Rodham Clinton. The great email deleter herself. I think someone should tell TI-USA what “transparency” means. There may have been a mix-up somewhere down the line.
When it comes to transparency, this year's Bilderberg summit fails in every way imaginable. Three prime ministers, two foreign ministers, one president, no press conference. No public oversight. Just a bunch of senior policymakers locked away for three days with some incredibly powerful corporate lobbyists, discussing subjects intimately related to public policy. Subjects such as “globalisation” and “current economic issues”, which in practical terms mean the giant trade deal, the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP).
Writhing around the issue of TTIP is an unholy knot of politicians and vested interests, their tails knotted together in the pitch black of an Austrian sewer. I'm going to put on some gloves, stick a clothes peg on my nose, and see if I can tease apart one corner of this filthy interconnected mass. Here goes.
First, I'll pick a policymaker: how about Mikael Damberg? He's the Swedish minister for enterprise and innovation, and 2015 is their first time round the table at Bilderberg. Sliding on to the chair next to them is Carola Lemne, the chief executive of the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise. This lobby group describes itself as “Sweden's largest and most influential business federation”, and it's extremely in favour of TTIP. As its website says: “Since 2007, the Confederation of Swedish Enterprise has worked actively to promote the success of these negotiations”.
Cosying up on the other side of Damberg is the chairperson of Volvo, Swedish business person Carl-Henric Svanberg. Their company is a strong supporter of TTIP. Just last year, the official Twitter account of the Volvo Group tweeted: “A comprehensive ‪#TTIP agreement would reduce regulatory and trade barriers and boost US competitiveness.”
Damberg is trapped by Swedes. They slither down under the table to try to make their escape. But there in the half-light they meet Swedish billionaire Jacob Wallenberg, the chairperson of the industrial conglomerate Investor AB. Wallenberg was quoted by the US embassy in Sweden at the end of last year as saying: “‪TTIP is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. With a strong agreement consumers will be the beneficiaries.”
Lobbyist, company chairperson, billionaire investor: a close-harmony chorus of influence pushing policy behind closed doors. And the chorus gets louder: Wallenberg and Svanberg, along with five fellow Bilderberg participants, are members of the influential European Round Table of Industrialists. And the ERT is a member of “the European Business Alliance for TTIP”. Layer upon layer of lobbying. And this is still just a fraction of the big business pro-TTIP influence at Bilderberg.
And all of it happening behind closed doors: out of sight of a disenchanted, disenfranchised electorate, 500 of whom gathered in the centre of Telfs on Saturday to protest against the way Bilderberg does business.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Protesters march in Telfs, Austria, against lobbying taking place at the Bilderberg summit. Photograph: Dan Kirby for the Guardian
“Public representants: let us know what's going on,” implored one placard. “Stopps silents,” urged another. There was anger everywhere at the how elected politicians had tucked themselves away like this with big business. I spoke to Ursel Herbst, who had driven all the way from Cologne for this demonstration. “The way Bilderberg hide is stupid, like naughty children.” They smiled a tired smile. “I do not respect them.”
It's ironic that the Bilderberg conference puts on such a show of power: taking over an alp for a “private meeting”, closing down the airspace, shutting roads, hovering helicopters over their buses ... and yet the net result is they come across as a bunch of naughty kids. They'll just have to console themselves with exerting a huge influence on large swaths of transatlantic policy. It may not be much but it's something.
Keith Olbermann has been fired by Current TV, the network announced Friday. They will be replaced by former New York governor and CNN host Eliot Spitzer.
Olbermann had hosted "Countdown," which they brought from MSNBC after their exit there, since June. Their short tenure began with fanfare, but ended, as many of Olbermann's previous jobs have, with deep acrimony on both sides.
Spitzer, who had their own short-lived stint as the host of "Parker Spitzer" (later called "In The Arena") on CNN, began hosting their show, "Viewpoints," immediately on Friday night. They made no mention of Olbermann or their somewhat unusual arrival to the post at the top of the show.
The news of Olbermann's termination was first reported by the New York Times' Brian Stelter.
A source told Politico that Olbermann was fired for breach of contract, saying that they had "sabotaged" the network. Howard Kurtz reported that Olbermann had begun refusing to toss to other peoples' shows or appear in advertisements with them.
Another source told the New York Observer that Spitzer had been in talks with Current for months.
The channel released a statement signed by Al Gore and Joel Hyatt, the founders of the network, on Friday. The statement made plain that Current's relationship with Olbermann had devolved to an unsustainable point:
To the Viewers of Current: We created Current to give voice to those Americans who refuse to rely on corporate-controlled media and are seeking an authentic progressive outlet. We are more committed to those goals today than ever before. Current was also founded on the values of respect, openness, collegiality, and loyalty to our viewers. Unfortunately these values are no longer reflected in our relationship with Keith Olbermann and we have ended it.
The statement also called Spitzer "an astute observer of the issues of the day."
Olbermann also released a statement in 140-character chunks on Twitter, saying that they would be taking legal action:
I'd like to apologize to my viewers and my staff for the failure of Current TV. Editorially, Countdown had never been better. But for more than a year I have been imploring Al Gore and Joel Hyatt to resolve our issues internally, while I've been not publicizing my complaints, and keeping the show alive for the sake of its loyal viewers and even more loyal staff. Nevertheless, Mr. Gore and Mr. Hyatt, instead of abiding by their promises and obligations and investing in a quality news program, finally thought it was more economical to try to get out of my contract. It goes almost without saying that the claims against me in Current's statement are untrue and will be proved so in the legal actions I will be filing against them presently. To understand Mr. Hyatt's “values of respect, openness, collegiality and loyalty,” I encourage you to read of a previous occasion Mr. Hyatt found themselves in court for having unjustly fired an employee. That employee's name was Clarence B. Cain. In due course, the truth of the ethics of Mr. Gore and Mr. Hyatt will come out. For now, it is important only to again acknowledge that joining them was a sincere and well-intentioned gesture on my part, but in retrospect a foolish one. That lack of judgment is mine and mine alone, and I apologize again for it.
Olbermann's lawyer, Patricia Glaser, told Deadline they would be suing. "[Current] can expect a bad a result," they said.
It was also announced Friday that Olbermann will appear on David Letterman's show on Tuesday to discuss their departure.
Olbermann's firing leaves what was supposed to be their triumphant return to television in tatters. After their bitter departure from MSNBC, Current sought to make them the centerpiece of its rebranding as a progressive news network. It granted them the title of Chief News Officer, gave them an equity stake in the company, and promised that their uncompromising brand of television would be the cornerstone of its programming. Announcing the beginning of the partnership, Al Gore said that they were "extremely honored and delighted" that Olbermann was joining him, and called it "a great fit in every way."
It was not long, though, before the tensions between Olbermann and their superiors exploded into the open. In January, their sudden absence from Current's coverage of the Iowa caucuses led to open warfare between the two sides. Olbermann fired off a statement saying that they were “not given a legitimate opportunity to host under acceptable conditions,” adding, “They know it and we know it. Telling half the story is wrong.”
There were also reports that Olbermann was incensed by repeated technical problems with their show, and miffed that they were not being given a greater say in deciding which shows were going to precede and follow his. (During their time on Current, the network added shows featuring Cenk Uygur at 7 PM and Jennifer Granholm at 9 PM.)
Olbermann, often citing medical issues, also began missing some days of work, something that apparently was used against them in their firing. One of the people who had filled in for him, ironically, was Eliot Spitzer.
With injuries racking up and the U-20 World Cup just around the corner, is it time for an old fan-favorite to make their return to the first team?
It's been a wild ride for Sebastian Velasquez since the last time they donned the Claret & Cobalt. After stepping away from NYCFC in 2015 to take care of some personal demons, Velasquez returned to professional play in 2016, becoming the first ever signing for Rayo OKC of the NASL. The flashy midfielder, along with former RSL players Robbie Findley, Devon Sandoval, Pecka, and Rauwshawn McKenzie, would lead Rayo OKC to the post-season in their debut season. The new team would fall to the eventual league champion New York Cosmos, then the club would shut it's doors and go on hiatus after just one season. Leaving Velasquez out of contract.
Going into the new year, Velasquez chose to return to a familiar place. After being traded to MLS newcomers NYCFC in December of 2014, Velasquez returned to Salt Lake City. This time to lead Real Monarchs SLC in the USL.
Real Monarchs
The Monarchs are off to a hot start, having won five of their six contests thus far into the USL season. The team has scored 15 goals, tied for second best in the league. They currently also have the second best record in the league behind San Antonio FC. Velasquez has played a significant role in their success and it's not hard to notice.
Playing centrally in their 4-2-3-1 formation, the same used by RSL, Sebastian has scored two goals along with registering one assist over their five appearances. He's completed 82.9% of their 175 attempted passes, and given their recent form, the argument could be made they are easily one of the best play-makers in USL.
Given Velasquez's quality form in recent weeks, coupled with RSL's struggles, is it time for the Colombian attacker to make their return to the first team?
Real Salt Lake
Injuries and call-ups have really tested RSL's depth this season, and it doesn't look to be getting any better. With Brooks Lennon and Sebastian Saucedo likely being called into the U-20 World Cup after this week, along with Jordan Allen and Joao Plata both having dealt with injuries this year, reports are surfacing of RSL making a new signing before the Transfer Window closes on Monday.
The new signing looks to be about finished. The 20-year-old Venezuelan attacker, Jefferson Savarino, will take up the last international spot. It also leaves RSL with just one more first team roster spot. Velasquez, who counts as a domestic player, could be a nice, inexpensive, and experienced addition to round out the roster. Their recent form and experience would be icing on the cake.
Additionally, midfielders Kyle Beckerman and Sunny have both spent time away with injuries. Midfield engine Albert Rusnák could also miss time this summer with national team call-ups of their own. Velasquez's versatility could come in handy.
Would it be worth it?
Through the 2017 season, one thing has been certain. Albert Rusnák is the best player on the RSL roster. Their high level of play has been constant, despite the team's struggles. Even earning MLS Player of the Week for their performance against Vancouver. Save injury or call-ups, Velasquez won't be supplanting Rusnák in the middle anytime soon.
Velasquez's previous stint with RSL saw them traditionally deployed out wide, flanking Javier Morales in the diamond. They also played on the wings under Jason Kreis with NYCFC. Their versatility could help out wide, or even as a box-to-box midfielder. A position currently held by Luke Mulholland. However, it has to be asked if it would be worth the last roster spot.
The team is depleted defensively, and it wouldn't be hard to justify signing an additional defender over Velasquez. Youngsters Omar Holness and Jose Hernandez need experience, and would need time over Velasquez if RSL decides to use the rough start to the season as a long-term benefit. If Velasquez isn't going to be the play-maker, would playing them out of position over other players be worth it?
Looking ahead
We should find out soon enough what RSL decides to do. A large number of Monarchs' players could see time with the first team in Open Cup play. Sadly, the injury plague doesn't seem to be going away any time soon. For now, Velasquez should keep dominating the USL, which inevitably will lead to more opportunity. Somewhere.
Focus on the Family “Refocused”
I just came across this article from WORLD magazine about Focus on the Family's shift in focus concerning marriage:
(excerpt)
We're winning the younger generation on abortion, at least in theory. What about same-sex marriage? We're losing on that one, especially among the 20- and 30-somethings: 65 to 70 percent of them favor same-sex marriage. I don't know if that's going to change with a little more age—demographers would say probably not. We've probably lost that. I don't want to be extremist here, but I think we need to start calculating where we are in the culture.
Where are we? We've got to look at what God is doing in all of this. . . . Have we done such a poor job with marriage, is They so upset with our mishandling of it in the Christian community, along with our lust of the flesh as a nation, that  They are handing us over to this polygamy and same-sex situation in order to, perhaps, drive the Christian community, the remnant, into saying, “OK, there's no no-fault divorce in our church”?
So churches would have a standard of marriage higher than the state's? We'd say, “The piece of paper that you get at the state to recognize your marriage is worthless. It's like registering your car. But if you're going to be a part of this church and you're married, you're going to be committed to your marriage. There's no easy way out.” What if the Christian divorce rate goes from 40 percent to 10 percent or 5 percent, and the world's goes from 50 percent to 80 percent? Now we're back to the early centuries. They're looking at us and thinking, “We want more of what they've got,” because we're proving in front of the eyes of the world that marriage in a Christian context works.
What's the current perception of gay activists about Christian marriage? I sat down with one. They said, “You guys haven't done so well with marriage. Why are you upset about us having a try?” We've got to look at our own house, make sure that our marriages are healthy, that we're being a good witness to the world. Then we can continue to work on defending marriage as best as we can.
It does seem that many of our national symptoms go back to the failure of marriage and the absence of fathers in the home. . . . One researcher found that it costs the government $300 billion a year because of the impact of dads not being in the home. In looking at the social problems we face, we should start with how to get dads reconnected to the family and committed to their marriages. If we could do that, we could achieve a lot in this country.
Get the facts, direct to your inbox. Subscribe to our daily or weekly digest. SUBSCRIBE
Do family problems contribute to poverty? Journalists will say to us, “If you're a Christian organization, why don't you fight poverty directly?” My response is, “We do.” The No. 1 predictor of poverty is a divorce. Women and children land below the poverty line most often after divorce.
Some European governments, noting the costs of having children, are providing large child subsidies, in essence paying couples to have children. . . . But on the back end you have to tax families to pay for that. This then creates the need for both parents to have salaries.
Can't we just print more money? Seriously, do you recommend some non-financial ways for governments to help marriage? Make divorce more difficult. Have mandatory waiting periods. Have 90-day mandatory counseling for people so it's not just “we don't like each other any more.” There are different things to do that do not involve taxing other families to pay for them.
+++++++++++++++++++++++
So ~ the “refocus” of FOTF is shifting away from opposing same-sex marriage and instead focusing on making it more difficult to obtain a divorce.
Does anyone else think this is scary? … and I was seriously pissed when I read Jim Daly's remark, “… so it's not just ‘we don't like each other any more.'” WTF? What woman is ever so flippant about divorce?
Truthfully ~ filing for divorce for me did mean a major step down financially ~ my income and assets took a huge hit ~ and we actually were already living close to poverty level before the divorce. BUT ~ IT WAS SO TOTALLY WORTH IT!!!!!! I'll take poverty over abuse any day.
If FOTF and similar “pro-family” organizations succeed in reducing the Christian divorce rate to 5% ~ that's going to represent a huge increase in misery for a lot of Christian wives who are already seriously oppressed in their “traditional” marriages ~ with husband as patriarchal head of the home and wife as subservient “helpmeet.”
These women do not need divorce to be more difficult ~ it's already almost impossible to leave an abusive marriage when it's supposedly God's will and the domineering man is simply fulfilling their biblical role as head of the home.
Daly's thinking is that by reducing the divorce rate among Christians and holding up the “Biblical family” as the key to marriage “success,” the secular world will have to admit that God's way is truly the best way ~ and somehow, that's supposed to convince gays to repent of their deviancy, I guess. Ugh. As though the only reason gay people are gay is because they've never seen a long-lasting heterosexual marriage.
Some days, I seriously want to become an outspoken divorce advocate ~ kinda ironic considering that I spent 16 years publishing a “pro-family” Christian newspaper with the message that “God hates divorce.” Of all the women I've encountered through No Longer Quivering who have divorced their abusive husbands, the only regret has been not filing years sooner ~ not one woman has told me they wished she'd had to wait a little longer or gone to another counseling session to try to make it work. They do regret the extra years their children suffered because they kept holding out hope that somehow the Lord would work on their husbands' hearts.
Focus on the Family's concession on marriage is not progress and the group's shift in focus will not benefit families ~ Christian or otherwise. It's never helpful to value the institution of marriage over the individuals ~ the men, women and children ~ real people, living in real families.
This.....easily was the longest I've ever taken to work on a comic. "Comic from hell!" Kind of proud of this comic even though it was hell to make this. The Apple Farm BGs are by far the hardest.....and I had to make a new BG for ALL the panels.Oh and find the muffin.So this one is quite different than the recent Derpy comics I've done. I wanted to do something that went back to my comic roots of last year and primarily the comic Family Ties which was one of my personal favorites.I rarely draw AJ/Big Mac comics but man they turn out to be some of my best. I think it's stories you can tell when they are younger.Well that's all I got to say on this. Comic speaks for itself.....oh and stop asking where AJ's hat it. If you noticed in Cutie Mark Chronicles.....filly AJ never had the hat yet. Anyway......onward to the next comics and DBZ ponies. Filly AJ, Big Mac © HasbroArt © Me
House Speaker Robert DeLeo is postponing a vote on a bill that would make changes to the state's recreational marijuana law that was passed by voters last year.
The House was originally scheduled to vote on the proposed revisions, written by House Democrats, on Thursday. But on Wednesday, problems regarding the bill and the language it uses cropped up moments after the Legislature's marijuana committee was gaveled into session.
The committee's Senate chair, Patricia Jehlen, who first saw the rewrite less than 12 hours beforehand, lambasted it.
"Mr. Chairman, I would like to say that this proposed bill directly assaults the will of the voters and is a prescription for increasing the illicit market," they said.
Jehlen pointed out the way the bill was written, taxes on marijuana would be 55 percent — not the 28 percent claimed in the House summary. That 28 percent cap is already a steep increase from the voter-approved law currently on the books, which allows for taxes on recreational marijuana up to 12 percent.
"The tax rate will be the highest in the country. Compounded — 21 percent tax on growers, 21 percent tax on manufacturers and 28 percent at the retail level — will be the highest by far in the country," they said.
While differences between the House and Senate are always to be expected, even House Democrats appeared lukewarm to the proposal.
Holyoke state Rep. Aaron Vega, a Democrat, said they don't like the high tax or that the bill would take decisions to ban marijuana businesses in cities and towns away from voters, and instead leave them up to local officials. The existing law requires the question of a ban be put before local voters.
"It's with deep reservation that I will be supporting this out of committee, but I will not at all hesitate to vote no on the floor if this bill continues in its shape in the form that it is," they said. "And I will encourage my colleagues as well, if things are not adjusted, to vote no on the floor."
Democratic House members met in a closed-door caucus later Wednesday afternoon for more than an hour and a half to express their concerns. When it was over, DeLeo announced a delay in the vote.
"There are certain things that we have to clear up," they said. "And so because of that, I think it's important that with a bill of this magnitude that we try to get it right, or as close as right, the first time. And so I'd rather do that than rush it, or try to rush it through."
The biggest issue to clear up appears to be taxes. House Marijuana Policy Committee Chairman Mark Cusack says it was never their intention to tax marijuana at 55 percent.
"It's one of the issues that's been brought forward, and that is not the intent of the legislation, and we are currently working on a fix among other issues. Our goal here is, all in, 28 [percent] net effective tax rate capped and at the point of sale. Not at wholesale," they explained.
After changes are made, the House expects to debate the bill sometime next week. But still, it appears there will be wide differences in the approaches by each of the Legislature's chambers.
Senate President Stan Rosenberg says even the 28 percent tax seems high to them and indicated the Senate doesn't want to go as far as the House in totally revamping the existing marijuana law.
"Remember, we're going to do a series of bills over time. We don't have to address everything that the committee has worked on already," Rosenberg said. "The main thing we have to do is get the governance thing right, so that the agency can be pulled together and they can get working on the regulations."
One thing the Senate president and House speaker agree upon is a desire to get a bill on Gov. Charlie Baker's desk by the end of the month. But with just two weeks remaining, and this latest delay, that may prove to be a challenge.
I warned you. Over and over, frankly, and consider this yet another warning. Stay away from hyped-up penny stocks, which so far this year has meant specifically staying away from the marijuana-weed-pot penny stocks, most of which even at this moment, are still up many hundreds of percent in the last year. Most of these over-the-counter weed penny stocks are just vehicles for their insiders to sell shares to retail investors caught up in the hype of the legalized marijuana revolution.
Let me explain again. I've repeatedly highlighted Growlife /quotes/zigman/11335612/delayed /quotes/nls/phot PHOT as a poster-child for this game in which the retail investor is always the mark, and late last week, holders of PHOT woke up to news that the SEC had finally gotten off their butt and was suspending trading in this stock while they investigate the company's stock trades “because of questions that have been raised about the accuracy and adequacy of information in the marketplace and potentially manipulative transactions in PHOT's common stock.” I have certainly been one of those who have raised questions about the accuracy and adequacy and potentially manipulative transactions in PHOT‘s common stock. I'm glad to see the investigation, even coming way too late for all those retail investors who got stuck with this now suspended stock.
In just the last two months, here are a few of the articles in which I asked those questions about the weed penny stocks and Growlife PHOT specifically:
Talk about popping people's bubble. I stirred up a lot of anger and vitriol from my readers of The Cody Word with those articles. Here's a sample:
“Bring some solid information or write about something you actually know about. As you said you are not willing to do the research. You are basically the same as all of the pump and dumpers on Y-Hoo finance. Shame on you.”
In one of those articles, I wrote in response to all that vitriol I received that, “I sure hope that for every one of you bashing me, that somebody out there is choosing not to buy into these things and therefore not setting themselves up for huge losses by betting on penny/reverse-merger/roll-up/hype-machine-Wall Street-insider-selling marijuana stocks.”
I still hope that was the case. That some of you heeded my advice and got out of and/or avoided these penny stocks before they started crashing and getting halted. Always remember that emotions are the enemy of successful investing and trading.
I finally did a Marketwatch article and Cody Underground podcast specifically explaining how the fundamentals and financials of Growlife, no matter whether insiders were doing something wrong or not, that “all that will spell big losses for PHOT‘s shareholders as that reality plays out.”
So here we are today, and I have no idea nor does anybody else have any idea of when or at what price Growlife's current retail shareholders will be able to get out. Let this Growlife suspension of trading which has left even those retail “traders” who were explaining to me that they were going to “get out” of these hyped up penny stocks “before” they crashed again be a lesson to any of you who think you are nimble enough to play that greater fool's game. You can't get out of a stock that's been suspended.
It's hard enough managing your risk in big-cap stocks that trade on major exchanges. Why anybody would want to play this hyped up penny stock game is beyond me. Look, if you only have a few hundred or a few thousand dollars to invest, it'd be better to buy a few shares of a real stock like Lindsay LNN, Intel INTC, or even Facebook FB than to buy thousands of shares of some OTC penny stock. See above article for proof.
Cody Willard writes Revolution Investing for MarketWatch, posts the trades from their personal account at TradingWithCody.com, which is not affiliated with MarketWatch, and is the largest shareholder in Scutify‘s parent company, Wall Street All-Stars. At time of publication, Cody was net long Intel, Lindsay and Facebook. Follow Cody on Twitter at twitter.com/codywillard.
"Talk here, if you've got the courage," the police officer said before punching them in the face, Gökhan Bicici says. Bicici, a journalist, was arrested on June 16 while reporting on the protests in Istanbul's Gezi Park. Amateur video of the arrest quickly made the rounds online, showing how the journalist is dragged along the ground by four officers who kick them in the face.
Bicici says arrests like theirs are not uncommon
Bicici has worked for the private, as they put it, "opposition" television station IMC-TV, for four years.  They are one of many journalists who participated in the recent protest against censorship of the media and police violence against journalists. Several hundred took part in the latest demonstration on Friday (12.07.2013), which was organized online using Twitter and Facebook.
The activists shouted: "This is just the beginning, the fight goes on!" and "AKP, take your hands off the media!", a reference to the ruling Justice and Development Party in Turkish government.
Posters read, "Stop the pressure" and "Empty the cells. Freedom for journalists." A group of police blocked the way to Istanbul's Taksim Square with water cannons, and around an hour after the demonstrations began, security forces ordered the crowd to disperse.
'The protest is a new beginning'
The journalist Bicici doesn't have an official press pass. They told Deutsche Welle that was the reason they were arrested.
"There is a yellow ID, but only state authorities hand it out. Most people don't get those," they said.
For that reason, the government is able to keep the number of accredited journalists who are arrested down, Bicici explains.
"If the governor of Istanbul refers to people 'posing' as journalists, then the police squad leader sees themselves justified in ripping my accreditation from my neck," Bicici said. "The police apparently think they then have the right to beat me, detain me, and to drag me around."
"We'll organize to fight against this rather than going it alone," they said, adding that Friday's protest was a new beginning.
Bicici recalls they tried to resist when a police officer tried to take away their smartphone.
"Then another officer came and literally said, 'take them into a building and take care of him.' I had the feeling that my life was in danger, because journalists in Turkey have been killed like that."
Bicici heard from other colleagues that they were injured during their arrests or the transport in busses that followed. In their case, Bicici said, it took police seven hours to take them to a police station after their arrest. They add that such treatment is nothing new in Turkey.
Repression of Kurdish media
Zeynep Kuray, a Kurdish journalist who also took part in Friday's demonstration, said they were imprisoned for a year and a half. They were released about two months ago.
Kuray reports for a Kurdish publication and faces particular scrutiny
She's worked at the socialist-leaning newspaper BirGün (One Day) and the Kurdish news agency Firat for years.
Kuray and some of their colleagues were convicted of being a member of the Group of Communities in Kurdistan (KSK), an organization that has been declared illegal in Turkey.
"Our apartments were raided on December 20, 2011," Kuray said. "Our cameras, our notebooks, all of our material was taken away – and we were, too. They stuck us in jail to silence us."
The Kurdish press is under the worst pressure in Turkey, says Kuray.
"There was so much abuse in prison. It's not clear why people had even been incarcerated."
In prison, Kuray continued to write, saying "we aren't afraid – not of the government or the police. The pen is our weapon."
'Erdoğan is trying to take democracy away''
Nazan Özcan is the editor of the weekly edition of the newspaper Radikal. They say they experience censorship nearly every day.
"Your boss can tell you that a particular article can't be published because the government of the Prime Minister would get angry about it," they told Deutsche Welle. "That's normal. I'm really not surprised, when I hear this sentence."
Even members of Turkey's cultural scene, such as Baykam, face censorship
Bedri Baykam is another demonstrator against censorship. He's a well-known artist, president of the Turkish artists' association and a journalist at the Cumhuriyet newspaper.
"Threatening artists, censoring the theater scene, all the people in jail – when it comes to this stuff, Turkey is near the top globally," Baykam said in an interview with Deutsche Welle.
They particularly want to say to Germany that Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan hasn't brought democracy to Turkey.
"He's trying to take Turkey's democracy away," Baykam said, "and we're not going to let it happen."
Going back through these modern Ghostbusters stories chronologically, I knew from the start that I would eventually have to cross paths once more with “The Other Side”.
We meet again, old foe. Hopefully, for the last time.
IDW's acquisition of the Ghostbusters license in 2008 didn't come as a surprise to anyone. If you know anything about IDW, it's probably that they're entire business model revolves around snatching up licenses to 1980s nostalgia properties and then exploiting the hell out of them until the well runs dry. I remember the Dark Days when there were at least 5 or 6 Transformers titles and specials out at the same time, with nary a glance's worth of competent editing between them. And I remember being excited about their relaunch of G.I. Joe, at least until I learned that they'd be coming out of the gate with no less than 3 simultaneous series, all of which had to be bought for the low-low price of $3.99 a chapter and read strictly to receive a single coherent narrative.
But Ghostbusters was different. IDW's marketing plan then and now has remained the same: One story at a time.
Very economical, I must admit, and a far more agreeable tactic than flooding the market with a deluge of low quality products just to fill an overestimated demand. The “one story at a time” approach has been one of my favorite things about IDW's Ghostbusters output, as it has been very easy to follow from Day One; you don't have to spend hours poring over Wikipedia articles, forum posts and trade solicitations to try and assemble on your own a functional reading order combining three or four different ongoing and miniseries just so you can follow a solitary storyline. That s--t is what drove me away from their Transformers stuff (well, that and “All Hail Megatron” being the absolute zenith or terrible).
Unfortunately, the lack of variety has its drawbacks. The most obvious being: What if the one story you're getting positively *sucks*?
And that leads us to IDW's inaugural Ghostbusters output, the 4-issue “The Other Side” miniseries; a fecal smear of a comic so poorly conceived, poorly written and poorly drawn that you won't believe it made it past editorial.
Ghostbusters: The Other Side
Written by: Keith Champagne
Art by: Tom Nguyen
Inks: Drew Geraci, Jon Alderink
Colors: Moose Baumann
Letters: Chris Mowry, Neil Uyetake
Edits: Chris Ryall and Andy Scmidt (these two must have been sleeping on the job)
Covers: Nick Runge, Fabio Mantovani
As the story begins, the Ghostbusters get on the bad side of the undead underworld; a crime syndicate led by the greatest mobsters in history (Al Capone, Bugsy, Lucky Luciano, etc). After the Ghostbusters thwart yet another of their operations, the mobsters decide something needs to be done. Putting together a hit crew, they slaughter the Ghostbusters with machinegun fire and dump their corpses in the East River.
The Ghostbusters then find their souls trapped in purgatory where the mobsters have formed a soul smuggling operation dubbed “the pipeline”. In order to get out and bring the ghost mobsters to justice, the Ghostbusters team with the spirits of J. Edgar Hoover, Elliot Ness and other do-gooders from days long past. And a kid named Jiff because ha ha ha he's named after peanut butter.
The best way to describe “The Other Side” is “amateurish”. On all fronts. Champagne's story is riddled with fundamental flaws, from excessive exposition, to worthless characters, to the most intellectually offensive Deus Ex Machina plot devices this side of fan fiction. And that's even before you get to the fact that their humor is painfully unfunny, relying on repeated gags that weren't amusing the first time, and their understanding of the main characters is positively nil.
The overall plot summary may sound interesting, but the actual implementation of that plot is a train wreck. I know nothing about Keith Champagne's career outside this miniseries, but I wouldn't be surprised if I learned that they are very, very young. “The Other Side” is full of the kind of juvenile trademarks you'd encounter in stories written by high schoolers; ridiculous levels of ultra violence, women running around in bikinis, etc. The kind of stuff a teenager would perceive as “mature” when it's really just embarrassing to read.
The excessive violence, of the blood and guts variety, is something the Ghostbusters franchise has never boasted. Its unwelcome inclusion makes it all the more obvious that the “talent” involved had no fundamental understanding of the material they were working with. If editor Andy Schmidt had any competency in their position whatsoever, then the very instant Champagne sent them a script with the words “Venkman pulls a demon's intestines out through its mouth” and “Venkman eviscerates a monster and showers gallons of blood down on the other Ghostbusters”, alarms should have begun going off in their skull that Champagne was not right for the job. Unfortunately, for as terrible a writer Champagne proved themselves to be, Schmidt proved to be equally unskilled as an editor and all four issues of this travesty made it to the stands.
Plenty of other “oh man, totally BADASS” elements pepper the story, such as Venkman's body (possessed by one of the mobster ghosts) having sex with multiple prostitutes, Egon “finally losing their s--t” and beating up an old lady in a bloodthirsty rage, or Janine getting punched in the face because hooray for misogyny! Again, I would be shocked to learn that Keith Champagne was over the age of 18 when they wrote this drivel.
Attempts at humor are empty at best; I'm not sure where Champagne's skill set lies, but comedy isn't it. Characters spout dialogue that's never charming nor clever and jokes that are set up (like a demon getting blasted by a proton stream in one panel, then saying “ow” in the next) never lead to a satisfying punchline. Then there are the jokes that go on way too long, like J. Edgar Hoover calling everyone a “commie pinko” or a menacing old lady out to stop the Ghostbusters from closing the pipeline. Worst of all are jokes that are embarrassingly out of date, like Winston making a “…NOT!” joke as though it were still 1992.
Champagne makes a very shallow attempt to infuse some “heart” into the story by having Winston encounter their lost love, Janelle, in Purgatory. But they offer nothing toward resolving the conflict and seems to merely be included to give Winston something to do (because, once again, we have an author that doesn't know what to do with Winston). The exposition is lousy, as Champagne has to constantly explain how the string of improbable events is transpiring, as none of it is evident in the flow of the story. This makes for all the more tedious reading, as the action has to constantly stop so some character or another can describe what you're looking at.
Perhaps worst of all are the plot devices. Peter gets superpowers because a few pages of unconvincing exposition says they do. Peter then uses those inexplicable powers to help resolve the conflict and get this garbage over with. And how the Ghostbusters eventually come back to life is one of the absolute laziest copouts you'll ever read. “Angels did it”. Because shut up, that's why.
If Champagne was an awful author, then IDW at least paired them with an equally awful artist. Tom Nguyen's style is about as unremarkable as it gets, with stiff body language, empty panels and uninspired layouts. They also draw the characters looking unreasonably young; the only thing setting them apart from the pre-teen Jiff is height and the fact that the kid has bigger eyes than they do. All in all, the art is of webcomic quality; certainly not something you'd pay $4 bucks a month to experience.
Conclusion
I remember being thrilled when I heard we'd finally be getting new Ghostbusters comics after years and years of nothing. So you can imagine how furious I was to discover that “The Other Side” was crap. As indignant and critical as I am now, rest assured, my temperament was far less pleasant in 2008 when this refuse was being churned out.
And the worst thing is: the follow-up miniseries, “Displaced Aggression”, was only a marginal improvement.
IDW has come a long way since their initial Ghostbusters offerings. Erik Burnham's and Dan Schoening's current ongoing series is absolutely FANTASTIC and I'd recommend it to anyone with even a passing interesting in the franchise. Unfortunately, before Burnham came along to turn things around, IDW had little idea of what to do with the 80s nostalgia property they'd just dished out buckets of money to acquire, and that reality shows in their first two offerings.
I've been a fan of Ghostbusters since I was 4 years old and saw “Ghostbusters II” in the theater as my first movie. I've seen every episode of every cartoon show DiC and Sony have produced and I've read every issue of every comic between Now, Marvel UK, 88 MPH, Tokyopop and IDW.
So I speak from experience when I say this: “The Other Side” is the worst Ghostbusters story ever written.
Tournament Information [ edit ]
IEM Season VIII - Cologne is the fifth event of IEM Season VIII, organized by ESL and held at the ESL studios in Cologne that also host WCS Europe. It is a Tier 2 event, giving 4000 WCS points for the 2014 WCS Global Finals.[1] ReDeYe returns as host, while ESL casting regulars Apollo, Kaelaris and ToD are joined by Ret.
Format [ edit ]
Qualifier [ edit ]
There are 8 spots for players from all over the world divided to regions as follows:
Main Tournament [ edit ]
Three Stages:
Stage 1: Two double-elimination brackets of eight players each. Top 2 of each bracket advance to Stage 2.
Stage 2: Four groups of four players played out in dual tournament format, consisting of the 4 Stage 1 winners, 8 qualifiers and 4 invites based on the WCS Ranking. Top 2 of each group advance to Stage 3.
Stage 3: Single-elimination bracket of eight players. Quarterfinals and Semifinals are played in best of 5 Grand Finals is played in best of 7
Map Pool [ edit ]
Prize Pool [ edit ]
$25,000 and 4,000 WCS Points are spread among the players as seen below:
* Players must advance one round in order to claim WCS points for that placement. Being seeded through qualifiers counts as advancing one round.[2] The German ESL Pro Series did not count as a Qualifier.
Trivia [ edit ]
The tournament was delayed during the finals because of Blizzard server maintenance, pushing play into the wee hours of the morning (the conclusion came at about 3 AM local time), making stamina more of a factor.
The quality and variety of gameplay showcased in this tournament, especially at the semifinals stage, were regarded by many as the highest of all Heart of the Swarm tournaments to date.
Participants [ edit ]
Results [ edit ]
Stage 1 [ edit ]
Dual Tournament #1
Dual Tournament #2
Show All Dual Tournament #1 Quarterfinals MC 2 Revenge 0 San 0 HasuObs 2 StarDust 2 Miniraser 0 Hanfy 2 TLO 1 Semifinals MC 2 HasuObs 0 StarDust 2 Hanfy 0 Winners' Finals MC 0 StarDust 2 Losers' Round 1 San 2 Revenge 1 TLO 2 Miniraser 0 Losers' Round 2 Hanfy 0 San 2 HasuObs 2 TLO 0 Losers' Round 3 San 2 HasuObs 1 Losers' Finals MC 2 San 1 Qualified StarDust Q MC Q Dual Tournament #2 Quarterfinals HyuN 2 Tarrantius 0 Tefel 0 viOLet 2 Leenock 2 Socke 1 Patience 2 Grubby 0 Semifinals HyuN 2 viOLet 1 Leenock 0 Patience 2 Winners' Finals HyuN 1 Patience 2 Losers' Round 1 Tefel 0 Tarrantius 2 Grubby 0 Socke 2 Losers' Round 2 Leenock 2 Tarrantius 0 viOLet 2 Socke 0 Losers' Round 3 Leenock 2 viOLet 0 Losers' Finals HyuN 2 Leenock 0 Qualified Patience Q HyuN Q
Stage 2 [ edit ]
Group A [ edit ] Group A February 14, 2014 - 13:00 CET 1. Rain 2-0 4-0 2. HerO 2-1 4-2 3. ForGG 1-2 2-4 4. HyuN 0-2 0-4 Group A Matches Rain 2 0 HyuN ForGG 0 2 HerO Rain 2 0 HerO HyuN 0 2 ForGG HerO 2 0 ForGG Group B [ edit ] Group B February 14, 2014 - 18:00 CET 1. Patience 2-0 4-2 2. jjakji 2-1 5-3 3. Dear 1-2 3-4 4. qxc 0-2 1-4 Group B Matches qxc 1 2 Patience jjakji 2 0 Dear Patience 2 1 jjakji qxc 0 2 Dear jjakji 2 1 Dear Group C [ edit ] Group C February 15, 2014 - 13:00 CET 1. Polt 2-0 4-0 2. Jaedong 2-1 5-3 3. MaNa 1-2 2-5 4. StarDust 0-2 1-4 Group C Matches Polt 2 0 StarDust MaNa 2 1 Jaedong Polt 2 0 MaNa StarDust 1 2 Jaedong MaNa 0 2 Jaedong Group D [ edit ] Group D February 15, 2014 - 18:00 CET 1. INnoVation 2-0 4-0 2. Classic 2-1 5-2 3. MC 1-2 2-5 4. HeRoMaRinE 0-2 0-4 Group D Matches Classic 1 2 MC HeRoMaRinE 0 2 INnoVation MC 0 2 INnoVation Classic 2 0 HeRoMaRinE MC 0 2 Classic
Stage 3 [ edit ]
Quarterfinals (Bo5) Polt 3 Classic 2 Rain 3 jjakji 1 Patience 2 Jaedong 3 INnoVation 0 HerO 3 Semifinals (Bo5) Polt 3 Rain 2 Jaedong 2 HerO 3 Finals (Bo7) Polt 2 HerO 4 Semifinalists Rain and Polt during their match
Racial Distribution [ edit ]
Protoss Terran Zerg Random Group Stage 8 6 2 Quarterfinals 4 3 1 Semifinals 2 1 1 Finals 1 1 Champion 1
View Games [ edit ]
Streams [ edit ]
VODs [ edit ]
See Also [ edit ]
(Chip Somodevilla/Getty)
Candidate Fiorina says they shouldn't have to sit at the kids' table any longer.
Carly Fiorina's presidential campaign is weighing in for the first time on CNN's criteria for including candidates in the second presidential debate — slamming the network for its reliance on old polls, blasting the “political establishment,” and calling on the Republican National Committee to intervene on the campaign's behalf.
In a memo set to be released on Wednesday morning, an advance copy of which was obtained by National Review, Fiorina's deputy campaign manager, Sarah Isgur Flores, hammers the network for its reliance on polling conducted prior to the first debate, in which they are widely perceived to have dominated the “undercard” event.
Advertisement
Advertisement
“It's a simple question: Will we have a fair debate process or will the political establishment keep ignoring grassroots Republicans?” they ask.
CNN plans to use an average of polls conducted between July 16 and September 12 to cement its top-ten lineup for the main stage. But only three polls have been released since the Fox News debate on August 6 — a marked contrast to the flood of surveys leading up to the event. This means that Fiorina's weak pre-debate polling, with numbers hovering around 1 percent, are likely to outweigh the surge that followed their standout performance on the undercard stage.
Flores notes that in the three national polls released since the debate, Fiorina has ranked between fourth and seventh place, and that their name ID and net favorability have risen by double digits. Those polls have put them ahead of candidates who made it on the main stage in the last debate, including John Kasich and Marco Rubio.
Advertisement
Advertisement
The Fiorina campaign is calling on the RNC to take action and ask CNN to weigh the group of all polls conducted in July the same as the group conducted in August and September, after the Fox News debate. “Because there were nine polls released in the three weeks before the last debate, one would expect 18 polls released in the six weeks between the two debates,” Flores writes. “If that does not happen, the polling average of those six weeks should be treated as the equivalent of 18 polls. Assuming the numbers remain consistent with current polling, Carly would easily place in the top 10 for the main debate.”
In order to do that, Fiorina would have to remain at 5 percent in a total of nine polls between now and the CNN debate, according to the website FiveThirtyEight. But with twelve of the 14 polling firms included in CNN's average operating on undisclosed schedules, it's unclear whether Fiorina will see the saturation of polls they need before the cutoff.
Advertisement
Advertisement Get Free Exclusive NR Content
That Fiorina may not debate alongside other top-tier candidates whose numbers have barely changed since the Fox debate is an affront to voters, says Katie Hughes, communications director for CARLY for America.
“No one is campaigning nationally. Placing so much importance on national polling, especially this early in the process, starts to take away the vital role that the voters of these early states play,” Hughes says. “We have seen that the more people learn about Carly's leadership experience, the more they want them in the White House.”
Read the full contents of the Fiorina campaign's memo below:
Applying the Scientific Method to Software Engineering
Alice Fuller Blocked Unblock Follow Nov 21, 2016
Remember the scientific method? You probably first learned about it in elementary school when you had to apply it to create a lovely tri-fold backboard science fair project. If that was not only the first time you used it but also the last, it went like this: ask a question, do background research, formulate a hypothesis, test the hypothesis, draw a conclusion and determine next steps. While this might bring back memories of long, drawn-out research projects, I have found that this exact method creates a great framework for solving many problems I run into at work.
Sometimes, the right approach to take when solving a problem can be opaque. When is it right to ask for help? When does it make sense to power through and find the answer alone? If asking for help, how does one do that while still maintaining co-workers' high esteem? The scientific method can help guide this process: it will provide some direction on how to start solving the problem, and lead to the ability to ask intelligent and thoughtful questions. I will walk through both the basic principles and how I applied them to a real software engineering problem that I had to solve recently.
Ask a question — Start with a problem. Figure out what the component pieces of the problem are.
Using Go, a language I am still pretty unfamiliar with, how do I take in a generic payload and truncate its fields to make viable JSON, while allocating minimal memory and time?
Background Research — Think about what pieces of knowledge might be needed to solve the problem. Use Google, company docs, and similar code that already exists to build a foundation of knowledge to work off of.
I looked at the Go concepts that seemed the most relevant: empty interfaces/(interface{}/), switch statements, some of the finer details around pass by reference vs. pass by value for how Go handles specific types when passed into a function as parameter (answer: technically always pass by value, but this can be confusing depending on the type), slices vs. arrays. I also knew that my team had made an attempt at this problem in the past but it was not as memory efficient or fast as we needed, so I made sure I was familiar with that code.
Formulate a hypothesis — This could be the full answer to the problem or a theory that tackles only a portion. The answer might still seem far away but it is important to do this step; it forces a thorough understanding and is a good exercise for problems in the future.
After looking at the previous version of the truncator, doing my Google research, and sketching out some ideas, I came up with a possible solution that involved walking through the interface{} and encapsulating information in a variant on a linked list type structure. This preserved the order I wanted, limited memory usage, and kept track of what information to include in the final output and what was to be truncated.
Experiment — Take the hypothesis and test it out. The controlled, repetitive style of tests used in real scientific research are not necessary here, but the idea of finding components of the hypothesis that are easily testable is important. Some simple problems, like determining how a specific language handles the rounding of floats to ints, lend themselves to a simple experiment. For more complex problems try to find components that are clearly testable like above. In order to write an “experiment” for the larger picture, there may not be an experiment in the classical sense, draw logic diagrams or write the method signatures the hypothesis would require.
I could have sat down and cranked out my complete project but that would very likely have led to my being confused and writing less than perfect code. So, as a way to examine my hypothesis, I wrote out a simple scaffolding including all the public methods, a number of the private methods with quick descriptions of what they would do, and the data structure I wanted to use. I filled in some of the structure with very basic code just to make sure I could create and use my modified linked list in Go the way I thought I could.
Conclusion and Next Steps — At this point there should be more clarity around the problem. It is possible that the solution is now fairly obvious, and thus now solvable. If not, then what were once open-ended questions are now more targeted and concrete, and can be posed to a colleague. Going to a colleague at this point means that there was a chance to learn, develop a more solid idea of the problem being tackled, allows for smarter question and a more thoughtful dialogue to be had as well as being a demonstration of self-reliance and of respect for the co-worker's time.
I now had a complete plan, and a few basic assumptions that I tested out. It looked like my approach was going to work, but since this was a fairly complex solution I wanted to run my ideas by my colleague and mentor. I walked them through my thought process and showed them the scaffolding that I had written. We ended up needing to tweak my idea a fair amount, but the scaffolding and POC were extremely useful. They provided something tangible for my mentor to look at and provide feedback on and the scaffolding provided the start to some code that I could quickly iterate on.
When I was first presented with the task of writing the truncator I felt overwhelmed and not certain how to proceed. Using the scientific method made the project more manageable. It made certain that I had a firm grasp on the high level problem I was trying to solve, which made it easier to understand the finer details. I still went to my mentor, but I was able to present a solution and engage with the feedback on a much deeper level.
Once I started employing the scientific method in this way I found that I was able to wrap my head around problems quicker, made the help that I received from my co-workers more valuable, and has helped to guarantee I continue learning. I find myself solving mini research problems everyday.
Originally published at lightstep.com.
The latest figures put the country's annual rate at 516 quintillion per cent – 516 followed by 18 zeros – overtaking Yugoslavia in 1994 and putting it behind only Hungary in 1946.
With goods unavailable and official statistics widely distrusted, the Cato Institute in Washington calculated the figures based on exchange rate movements and market data.
In post Second World War Hungary monthly inflation reached 12,950,000,000,000,000 per cent, with prices doubling every 15.6 hours – Zimbabwean prices are currently doubling every 1.3 days.
The most famous hyperinflation, Weimar Germany in 1923, is in a distant fourth place, at 29,525 per cent a month with prices doubling every 3.7 days.
Prof Steve Hanke said: "They still have a way to go to catch Hungary, but they are getting there. This is conjecture, but if they keep going at this pace, they have a shot at it within a month or maybe a month-and-a-half at the outside."
For ordinary Zimbabweans, the consequences are appalling and they must spend money as soon as they get it before it loses its value.
But the dysfunctional economy means that goods are in desperately short supply, and they must spend hours foraging to find things to buy.
There comes a point, though, where the inflation rate makes little practical difference.
"The economy just stops functioning or slows down very much," said Prof Hanke. "A lot of barter takes place. Money is not used as much or if it is, it's all foreign exchange." Supermarkets in Harare are accepting only US dollars and South African rands, leaving those Zimbabweans without access to foreign currency in dire straits.
The latest official figure for inflation in Zimbabwe – dating back to July – is 231 million per cent a year. Robert Mugabe's government blames foreign sanctions for the economic turmoil.
Prof Hanke said the only way to stop the rise was to abolish the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe – which is a key tool of the regime.
"At the end of the day, people will just refuse to use the money. It will be just worthless and the Reserve Bank will be useless too. The only way you can change expectations about inflation in hyper-inflating countries is completely get rid of the old system."
Announcing a range of measures this week, that only tinker with symptoms of the problem, Gideon Gono, the governor of the reserve bank, blamed a “breed of selfish and unrelenting money launderers and speculators” for the crisis.
“The nation has to appreciate the magnitude of the 'sanctions' and the mightiness of the enemies who are at play in order to understand that we are at war,” they said.
For years, analysts and opposition politicians have predicted that the economy would prove to be Mr Mugabe's downfall, but Prof Hanke, who is professor of applied economics at Johns Hopkins University, said that Slobodan Milosevic survived for almost eight years in Yugoslavia after hyperinflation peaked.
"The idea hyperinflation is going to blow Mugabe out of there isn't based on historical experience.
"Milosevic and Mugabe are similar in more ways than one: the restrictions on liberty of all sorts; Milosevic carrying on just like Mugabe that it was the foreign sanctions that were ruining the economy. It's very similar."
(Image: CNET/CBS Interactive)
Good news and bad news for TrueCrypt fans.
After a thorough public audit, the open-source full disk encryption software found no backdoors or unfixable vulnerabilities that could kill the project flat.
13 best privacy tools for staying secure From encrypted instant messengers to secure browsers and operating systems, these privacy-enhancing apps, extensions, and services can protect you both online and offline. Read More
The bad news is that it's still likely not coming back any time soon.
TrueCrypt called it quits last year unexpectedly, saying that it "may contain unfixed security issues" and that the software "is not secure." Its developers directed users to more readily available alternatives like Microsoft's BitLocker (which was later found to have been cracked by the CIA).
The software had glowing recommendations from security experts, as well as whistleblower Edward Snowden. But the mystery surrounding the project's death remains much of a mystery.
The news marks a crucial milestone in the project's post-mortem. Although for now there's no evidence that the government successfully forced a backdoor into the software, it doesn't rule out that there was an attempt made.
In any case, the software is open-source and would've been easy to spot to the trained eye.
The report also said there were two high severity issues, as well as one low severity issue. (Another was considered "undetermined" in its severity level.)
Oh, TIME. You did not think this one though.
Did you know TIME Magazine still exists? It does, apparently, and it still runs those vaguely patronising quizzes asking you what newfangled Young People Trend you think should be outlawed, because TIME‘s target audience is a ninety-year-old man sitting on a porch with a shotgun in Georgia somewhere.
A staple of the genre is the yearly What Word Should Be Banished? poll, which started in 2012 and is loyally shared by every nitpicking grammar pedant English major you've forgotten to unfollow in your News feed. In the last three years it's given readers a list of words they wish could be banned forever, and the winners — “LOL/OMG/WTF” in 2011, “YOLO” in 2012 and “twerk” in 2013 — are immediately erased from the worldwide Internet lexicon, never to be spoken or typed again. Such is the awesome power of TIME (see what I did there? I made a joke. The punchline is that TIME is irrelevant but the concept of ‘time' is quite important really and they have the same name, it's among my best work).
Alongside other Boomer-infuriating terms like “literally”, “basic”, “bae” and “said no one ever”, some savvy chap decided it'd be groovy to slot the word “feminist”in there, because that's TIME‘s idea of being “edgy”.
Edgyyyyy.
The inclusion of the word is being ripped apart online, because anyone with more foresight than a Darwin Award winner could've seen why that might not be a great idea.
TIME magazine put the word ‘Feminist' on a list of words that should be banned, prompting people to ask, “What is TIME magazine?” — kelly oxford (@kellyoxford) November 12, 2014
A reminder from Amy Poehler for our friends at @TIME (Banning the word “feminist”? Seriously? http://t.co/LGd1cjzKm3) pic.twitter.com/YmOEt9iuT8 — Cecile Richards (@CecileRichards) November 12, 2014
.@TIME Sorry, but the word “magazine” will disappear before “feminist” does. — Rob Tannenbaum (@tannenbaumr) November 12, 2014
TIME fucked up doubly when known asshats 4Chan hijacked the poll, sending “feminist” rocketing to the top of the chart. The poll's open for another week, but it's already garnered almost half the total amount of votes by itself, leading to the distinct possibility that some poor TIME intern is going to have to write up a justification of why the word ‘feminist' should be banned from usage in about a week's time. TIME correspondent Katy Steinmetz is fielding people's dissatisfaction on Twitter, but the cat's kinda already out of the bag.
@RebeccaSchinsky Please see the blurb for context. The inclusion is responding to trends in the media, not feminism itself. — Katy Steinmetz (@katysteinmetz) November 12, 2014
What a time to be alive.
Somewhere, a spurned female fence lizard is feeling blue about their beard.
Ecologists at Penn State University reported this week that male fence lizards discriminate against female fence lizards sporting blue “beards” – dabbles of bright azure scales on their necks and along their sides – preferring instead to lavish their attention on beardless females. That's a find that scientists say may suggest that natural selection will in time trim out female lizards with too much of a beard.
“This was really striking since female ornamentation in this species is thought to serve no function and has been ignored by scientists,” says Tracy Langkilde, a biologist at Penn State University and the principal investigator on the paper, published in the journal Biology Letters, in an email interview. “It's clear that it in fact plays a role in male mate choice, and has some potentially important consequences for reproductive success.”
Eastern fence lizards, so called for their proclivity for sitting on fence posts, are found throughout the southeastern corridors of the United States. From an aerial view, the small lizard, about six inches long, is uninspiring to look at: knobby and brown-grey, it could be missed against a tree truck's bark.
Viewed from the side or below, though, the lizard paints a different picture. Male fence lizards have bright blue patches on their throats and along their sides that become ever more visible when the lizard wishes to court a female lizard. Previous studies have suggested that the blue beards are a product of heightened testosterone, as the would-be lover musters up all the gall it can get to attract its chosen partner.
But it's not just male lizards that have this sapphire coloring. Some females, but not all of them, have it too.
Now, which females do males prefer as mating partners? The females with the splendid blue cascade skimming down their throats and rimming their sides? Or the plain ones?
The plain ones, it turns out.
In 2008, the researchers collected 24 pregnant females and raised their offspring (female fence lizards give birth three times per year, to a number of eggs that depends on the size of each one's egg cavity, which can range from three to 16 eggs). In 2009, the team then conducted an experiment in which two randomly selected females were tethered in an arena while a male was released into the space; the scientists measured how long the male spent fraternizing with each of the luckless, tethered females, as well as whether or not the female had a beard.
Though the males did not entirely snub the bearded females, they displayed a clear preference for the females without the blue markings, the researchers said.
There are some good reasons for this. In further research, the team found that blue-bedazzled female lizards appear to lay their eggs 13 days later than do plain female lizards, like a jewel-dripping socialite who can't be bothered with the pressing task at hand. This lateness puts their hatchlings (fence lizard babies are independent at birth) at a competitive disadvantage against the early-hatchers. The bearded lizard's eggs were also lighter than the plain lizard's eggs, suggesting a lower nutritional content in the yolks.
Up to this point, it makes Darwinian sense that male lizards would prefer the female lizards most likely to give their offspring a fighting chance. But there's a problem – some 44 to 95 percent of females have a blue beard. So, if male lizards are biased against adorned lizards, then why do blue-tinged females often outnumber plain females in their ecosystems?
The finding “suggests that these bearded ladies should produce fewer offspring than unornamented females and, assuming this trait is passed down from one generation to the next, the proportion of bearded ladies in a population should be declining,” says Dr. Langkilde. “This is one of the puzzles presented by these results.”
One option is that lizards are somewhere in the middle of a gradual weeding out of the blue-bearded female lizards, says Lindsey Swierk, a graduate student at Penn State and a co-author the paper, in an email interview.
“It's possible that we're catching a snapshot of the evolutionary process,” says Ms. Swierk.
That would mean that, at some point, “bearded” female lizards had once been desirable to male suitors, but that some social or environmental factors had adjusted to put the blue-throated girls on the outs, they say.
Get the Monitor Stories you care about delivered to your inbox. By signing up, you agree to our Privacy Policy
But it's also possible that the blue-bearded ladies are not going anywhere soon. The researchers propose that these female lizards might have other advantages that keep their numbers up, despite the male disapproval.
One option is that these females, pumped up with testosterone, might be more aggressive about mating than are their un-bearded counterparts. Another option is that these lizards might have “especially sexy sons,” as Langklide puts it, that go on to entice females with their exceptional blue beards and reproduce in droves. These successful sons' offspring, it would seem, would include lots and lots of blue-bearded daughters.
Throwing Shade #318
Bryan and Erin get warm and cozy by the fire in the newly constructed Chateau Shade as they await the guests to their holiday party extravaganza! Jessica Chaffin and Orlando Soria drop by share low-budget gift advice and hot Christmas Tree Tips. Then, Julie Goldman and Brandy Howard stop in to chat about their fav presents growing up, and Ira Madison III gives their take on the best entertainment and pop culture 2017 had to offer. The party continues as Dave Holmes and Charles Rogers make appearances to talk holiday highlights and to supply a steamy playlet for all to perform, and Nina Parker arrives to discuss the latest in politics and their stylish solo trip to France. Plus, an attempted visit from the big man himself! Happy Holidays!
This episode is sponsored by Chappy, BetterHelp (code: SHADE), and Dollar Shave Club.
Wednesday, September 17
By Eileen Turner of Portland, Oregon, USA
So they came and proclaimed peace to you who were far off and peace to those who were near…So then you are no longer strangers and aliens, but you are citizens with the saints and also members of the household of God…
—Ephesians 2:17, 19 NRSV
We face decisions every day. Some of us are planners, making lists of projects to which we commit. Others of us keep tasks in the back of our mind, and sometimes we do them. I am a planner. Some items I feel are important enough to add to my list, I might not do. And, sometimes I do not forward them to my next list.
One day as I left the grocery store and walked to my car, I noticed a young man. They hesitated but eventually knelt on a small rug. They were between two cars in the next row over. As I sat in my car, I realized this was a young Muslim, devoted to their faith's daily practice of prayer at specific times. I sat quietly, not wanting to start my engine for fear I would disturb their devotion. I thought, “What courage it takes to kneel publicly like this.”
If my religion asked this of me, would I be able to commit to this? I regarded this young man, dressed as a store employee, as a brave follower. They took their “break time” to commit to their prayer regime. I am sure it was part of their spiritual formation, and they did not need to put it on a list to remind him.
Prayer for Peace God of diverse faiths, help us find common ground with people far and near. May we practice spiritual disciplines that become natural to our daily routine. Help us share peace as part of our daily practice.
Spiritual Practice: The International Community Find (or imagine) a globe or map of the world. Look at all the nations and find a country other than your own. Notice the geographic distance between your homeland and this one. Picture a person living there. Pray for this person. Sense God's love connecting you just as the oceans connect the continents. Thank God for the spiritual connection you have with all of God's people around the globe. Ask a blessing on the church as a community sharing Christ's peace, drawing all into the family of God.
Peace Covenant Today, God, I will add regularity to my spontaneous prayers.
Advertisements
HOUSTON - An inmate who spent more than a decade on death row for the shooting death of a Houston police officer is a free man, reports CBS affiliate KHOU.
The Harris County District Attorney's Office dismissed capital murder charges against Alfred DeWayne Brown Monday.
"It is the right thing to do," said Harris County District Attorney Devon Anderson.
Brown was convicted in 2005 for the death of Houston Police Officer Charles Clark and store clerk Alfredia Jones during a robbery attempt at a check cashing business on April 3, 2003. They were sent to death row.
Brown has maintained that they were with a girlfriend at their apartment the night of the murders, but until a discovery by the District Attorney's office in 2013, Brown was never able to provide proof that supported their alibi.
During the appeals process, prosecutors learned that a phone record that supported Brown's story had not been disclosed to the defense. Brown was granted a new trial.
A team of prosecutors re-investigated the case and presented their findings to the district attorney.
"We re-interviewed all the witnesses, we looked at all the evidence and we're coming up short," Anderson said. "I don't know what else to say. We cannot prove this case beyond a reasonable doubt. Therefore, the law demands that I dismiss this case and release Mr. Brown."
The Houston Chronicle reports that when Brown walked free from jail Monday they embraced their sister.
"It feels really good. It was a long wait but it was worth the wait," Brown said while holding their sister's hand.
But Brown's legal troubles may not yet be over. Police Chief Charles McClelland said Brown remains a person of interest.
"I'm convinced this is the person we need to focus on," the chief said.
Joseph Gamaldi, of the The Houston Police Officers Union, said they hope to see Brown land back behind bars.
"For those of you out there who say this individual was wrongfully convicted, you're wrong. They aren't wrongfully convicted," Gamaldi said. "He was just granted a new trial and there is a big difference between those two."
There is no statute of limitations for capital murder.
NEW YORK (JTA) — As the extent of the catastrophic damage and tragic death toll continues to grow in the Philippines, a particularly heroic piece of history should be recalled by the global Jewish community, which owes a debt to the island nation.
Seven decades ago, a Philippine president, a globetrotting Jewish family named Frieder and the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee, my organization, helped save the lives of more than 1,000 Jews who otherwise would have almost certainly died in the Holocaust.
Thanks to their initiative, these refugees were issued rare travel certificates to the Asian country to work as skilled laborers in the Frieders' cigar factories in Manila — though in reality, few of them had any experience in the industry whatsoever. The audacious operation, seemingly extraordinary today, is the subject of the recently released documentary “Rescue in the Philippines.”
At the time that Manuel Quezon admitted Jews to their country, the Filipino president made what seems today like a remarkably prescient statement.
“The people of the Philippines will have in the future every reason to be glad that when the time of need came, their country was willing to extend a welcome hand,” they were quoted as saying.
We recalled this moment in history last week when we began reading reports and watching coverage of the impending super typhoon Haiyan — the strongest storm in recorded history — as it barreled toward the Philippines. In anticipation of the impact, JDC's disaster relief and development staff assembled a contingency plan that went into full effect once news emerged of the death and destruction wrought by Haiyan.
As part of our ongoing response to the typhoon, JDC will ship critically important food, shelter, and hygiene and medical supplies — as well as ensure the provision of water and sanitation items and shelter support — through its partners, the Afya Foundation and Catholic Relief Services. JDC's advance team of disaster relief and development experts will head to the Philippines later this week to assess damage and needs while consulting with our local/international partners and the Filipino Jewish community to ensure maximum impact for storm survivors.
About 30 percent of funds raised will be dedicated to immediate relief for food, water, shelter, medical supplies and care, unless the emergency phase lasts longer because of expanding, critical needs among survivors. The rest will be invested in sustainable local projects that will emerge in the long, slow process of rehabilitation that is sure to come.
It's a formula JDC, which is celebrating its centennial this year, has developed over decades of efforts in the field, from helping Ukrainians starved by the Bolsheviks in the 1920s to rehabilitating survivors of genocide in Rwanda. And on behalf of the North American Jewish community and with its support, we have over the past decade delivered tens of millions of dollars in aid to victims of natural and manmade disasters in Southeast Asia, Haiti and Japan.
These efforts now come full circle, especially for one member of our team arriving in the Philippines later this week, Danny Pins. In addition to being one of our development and employment experts, Pins' mother and grandparents were among the German Jews who fled to the Philippines to seek safe haven in 1938. Their posting, in many ways a homecoming despite previous trips to the country, is highly symbolic.
Today, in the wake of one of the worst storms in history, with perhaps more than 10,000 dead and hundreds of thousands homeless, we are fully committed to fulfilling President Quezon's prophecy and returning the favor to the Filipino people. Not just because we are Jews, the heirs to this nation's life-saving actions, but because we firmly believe in mutual responsibility and the idea that each individual life is valuable beyond measure.
(Alan H. Gill is the CEO of the American Jewish Joint Distribution Committee.)
The views and opinions expressed in this article are those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of JTA or its parent company, 70 Faces Media.
The Downtown Line 2 (DTL2) officially started rolling yesterday. Some schools which were previously not served by Singapore's train network like Methodist Girl's School, Nanyang Girls' High School and Hwa Chong Institution will now have a train stop very near their school.
Anglo-Chinese School (Barker Road), another school which will now benefit from a train station being near it, is quite excited by the proximity of the DTL2 station that they have put out a huge banner outside the school to celebrate the opening of the new line.
It is estimated that more than 60 percent of ACS students go to school by car. The traffic in and around the school is so heavy that the school has its own Transport Centre which manages the flow of vehicles in and out of the school. All vehicles entering the Transport Centre will be required to display a car park entry decal and each family is entitled to only one car decal.
Cartoonist and former Raffles Institution teacher, Otto Fong, who was among the first to share the picture of the banner,”We can get to school on our own! Yay!” remarked, “this school is famous for rich kids and the morning lines of expensive cars”.
ACS had earlier this year gotten itself into a controversy when it appeared to pressure students to sell tickets for a fund-raising carnival with a target of $300,000, saying the school would know how many tickets each boy had sold. The school eventually raised $270,000, just $30,000 shy of the target.
Raymond Fong commenting on Otto's sharing said, “Nah, they will still be chauffeured to their school even with the new line up already. Why would anything change for the wealthy when new lines are up?”
The school's banner reminded one Facebooker of Member of Parliament, Dr Koh Poh Koon's elitist comment during the Punggol-East By-Election, “everybody has a car, we have two. We are professionals. We need to travel”.
DTL2 has certainly provided an incentive for the students of ACS to be like other good schools where less than 30 percent of students arrive by public transport.
—
This post was edited on 28 Dec 2015.
Things worth bragging about: Using Gmail back when you needed an invite, watching “Arrested Development” when it was originally on TV, and joining Facebook when you still needed an .edu address.
You think you have been waiting a long time for George R.R. Martin to finish the “Winds of Winter?” One poor person has been pining for that book since reading “Game of Thrones” when it was first published in 1996.
Then there is the user who was really, really into mason jars before they became standard in every bar from Williamsburg to the Mission:
Mason jars. Ive been canning for years. Run a canning blog. Mod /r/canning. I have 1000 modern canning jars with food in them. I have 120+ antique jars, some predate the 1900's. My home is mason jar themed. I built a mason jar chandelier. All my drinkware is mason jars. And now it's popular, which means expensive.
Somewhere out there, some hipster is sipping a Negroni from a mason jar, unaware that they are totally late to the party.
Making the case (again) for launch indemnification
It's that time again for the commercial launch industry in the US: every three to five years, they head up to Capitol Hill to make the case for extending a provision of commercial space law that's little known outside the industry and obscure to some even within it: launch indemnification. That process is gearing up once again, as both government and industry officials seek another extension of that law.
The launch indemnification “regime”, as it's widely known, involves the sharing of responsibility of third-party damages from a commercial launch accident. As part of the commercial launch licensing process, the FAA's Office of Commercial Space Transportation (AST) calculates the “maximum probable loss”, or MPL, to third parties that a launch vehicle could typically cause, a dollar amount dependent on the vehicle and launch site but averaging around $100 million. Launch providers must demonstrate financial responsibility, usually through insurance, for the value of the MPL. The federal government then agrees to indemnify the launch provider for any losses above that MPL value, up to $1.5 billion in 1988 dollars (approximately $2.7 billion today when adjusted for inflation.) Responsibility for any losses above that level reverts back to the launch provider.
In practice, there has never been a commercial launch accident that has created third-party losses that have triggered indemnification. However, the industry believes that the regime is important in order to protect launch providers from unforeseen catastrophes, as well as to provide a level playing field internationally, because launch providers in other countries have similar protections. A few critics have grumbled that the system puts the government on the hook for potentially billions of dollars in losses should such a catastrophe take place (although Congress would have to appropriate the funds to pay any damages above the MPL level.)
At a hearing by the House Science Committee's space subcommittee earlier this month on this topic, both AST and industry argued for an extension. George Nield, the FAA associate administrator for commercial space transportation, said that the White House was seeking a five-year extension of the regime, a bit longer than the three-year extension passed by Congress in 2009. (Before that, Congress passed a five-year extension in 2004.)
Industry warned that if Congress failed to renew the indemnification regime, it could further hurt the competitiveness of the US launch industry, which is already struggling to compete with European and Russian firms because of higher prices. Alison Alfers, a vice president with DigitalGlobe, said that the company seriously considered a non-US launch of its upcoming WorldView-3 remote sensing satellite because foreign vehicles were, on average, 40% cheaper than similar American rockets. “We believe we are at a tipping point” for the US launch industry because of its high prices and eroding technological edge, they warned. “Any changes in the indemnification program that may lead to higher prices will result in foreign providers being the first choice for consumers like DigitalGlobe.”
At the same hearing, Alicia Cackley of the Government Accountability Office (GAO) did raise one concern about the system, and that is with how AST calculates the MPL value. “It is quite different from the way the industry in general does it,” they said. The FAA calculates casualty losses and then computes property losses as a fraction of that; Cackley said the industry instead starts with property losses using more sophisticated models. “We are definitely looking at the methodology and have some questions and suggestions for them about ways to improve it.” Nield noted at the hearing that they're open to working with GAO on alternative MPL approaches, although they cautioned that some of those models may be significantly more expensive to use but may not yield a significantly different result.
At a hearing on the commercial space industry held earlier this week by the Senate Commerce Committee, GAO's George Dillingham also noted their office's concerns about MPL calculations, but said that it should not delay a renewal of the indemnification regime. “I think so,” they said when Sen. John Boozman (R-AR) asked them if it should be extended even if the MPL calculation issue hasn't been fully addressed. “We didn't talk to anyone in the industry who would say that this is something that shouldn't be extended.”
Sen. Bill Nelson (D-FL), who chaired the hearing, agreed that indemnification should be extended. “Companies have to know what they can buy insurance for,” they said. “That's why we've simply got to continue this.”
At the House hearing, though, there were some more critical questions about the indemnification system, including why the launch industry should get this kind of support from the federal government when most other industries do not, as well as general concerns about the liability posed to the government under such a system. Panelists argued that the chance of an accident whose third-party losses exceed the MPL is very remote (less than one in 10 million, Nield said) and that the launch industry is a strategic capability of the nation with national security implications. An extension did appear to have the support of key committee members like Palazzo, though.
Despite those expressions of support, neither the House nor the Senate has yet to formally introduce legislation to extend the launch indemnification regime. That is not necessarily a surprise: in 2009 the extension was passed by Congress late in the year, and signed into law just days before it was set to expire at the end of the calendar year. With a limited number of legislative days remaining this year, though, and a lot of high-priority issues that Congress needs to take up, action now rather than at the last minute might be appreciated by the industry.
Tokyo (CNN) -- Acknowledging the toll the unrelenting nuclear crisis has had on people's lives and livelihoods, the owner of Japan's stricken nuclear plant has offered money to some of those in the radiation's reach -- an offer that one city decided to refuse.
An official with Tokyo Electric Power Company, which operates the Fukushima Daiichi power plant, said Tuesday that the utility made a "token" offer to residents in 10 communities near the plant.
Nuclear crisis explainer
Starting March 31, money began going out to those in nine of them. But the town of Namie rejected Tokyo Electric's offer, with a local official calling it too meager an attempt to make up for a drastically reduced quality of life and income.
"Our people are suffering, and unfortunately, everything we've built is gone," Mayor Tamotsu Baba told CNN.
"Where is our direct apology?" Baba asked. "Because the cash certainly doesn't amount to much."
Tokyo Electric says the amount is an initial token payment, not compensation for losses sustained as a result of the nuclear accident at Fukushima Daiichi. They promise that will come later -- after they have assessed the damage from the accident, which has spread radioactive contamination across much of the surrounding area.
The company called the initial offer "payment for their troubles," and would not detail how much money is being offered to each community. But Kousei Negishi, who is the manager of general affairs for Namie, said that it was 20 million yen -- about $12 for each of Namie's roughly 20,000 residents.
That amount of cash, said Negishi, is "not enough." And it is logistically difficult to force local governments to distribute the money, which they said should be Tokyo Electric's responsibility.
Several officials from Fukushima, the prefecture that includes the crippled plant, took their complaints about the company and the evacuation zone to Prime Minister Naoto Kan's Tokyo office Tuesday afternoon.
"We don't know if TEPCO understands what we're going through," said Katsuya Endo, the mayor of Tomioka, one of the towns that has been evacuated since the accident.
Special coverage
The company said Tuesday that would be worked out between the power company and the Japanese government, which has pledged to support Japan's largest utility in the crisis.
One week ago, a report from Bank of America Merrill Lynch estimated Tokyo Electric will face compensation claims of 1 trillion Japanese yen (about $12.13 billion) if the recovery effort takes two months, the financial company's Tokyo spokesperson Takayuki Inoue told CNN. That figure would rise to 2.4 trillion to 3 trillion yen if the process takes six months, and up to 10 trillion yen if the recovery takes two years, according to the report.
Most likely, tens of thousands of people will have a legitimate claim to this cash. They'll include those who haven't been able to work, who have been forced out of their homes or who otherwise have had their lives turned upside down in the problem-plagued, complicated struggle to contain the emission of radiation into the air, ground and water from the Fukushima Daiichi plant.
How to help
The government ordered about 78,000 people who lived within 20 kilometers (12 miles) of the plant to evacuate, due to high air and ground radiation readings in those locales.
Another 62,000 lived within 20 to 30 kilometers (12 to 19 miles) -- the so-called exclusion zone, where people have been told to stay indoors -- an official from Kan's office said. Namie is located just outside this 30-kilometer radius.
Interactive map
Thousands of others have been affected by the crisis. They include fishermen, who have been told not to go within 20 kilometers of the plant and are facing consumers skeptical about the safety of local seafood, especially after authorities announced plans to dump 11,500 tons of radioactive water into the Pacific Ocean. Farmers, too, have been hit hard by restrictions on the sale and distribution of certain crops because of radiation readings exceeding government limits.
Tokyo Electric itself has suffered as well. The company has admitted it's been inundated by 40,000 public complaints daily coming into its offices, its stock has plummeted and its faced several protests, including one Sunday in downtown Tokyo that drew about 250 people.
Last week, Chairman Tsunehisa Katsumata acknowledged the financial difficulties and reports that Japan's government is considering nationalizing the company.
"(But) we want to make every effort to stay a private company," they said.
Birth Of A Horse I've always been interested to know how an animal develops from a fertilized egg. And I like horses very much.
The gestation period of a horse is usually 11 to 12 months. The mare will foal when they are ready and can accelerate or delay foaling as needed depending on things happening in the environment.
Most mares foal at night or early in the morning, and prefer to give birth alone when possible. The actual birth process takes only a short time, about 15 to 30 minutes. Once the foal is born, the mare will lick the newborn to clean it and help blood circulation. In a very short time, the foal will attempt to stand and get milk from its mother. A foal should stand and nurse within the first hour of life.
Here's how it happens.
I've always been interested to know how an animal develops from a fertilized egg. And I like horses very much.The gestation period of a horse is usually 11 to 12 months. The mare will foal when they are ready and can accelerate or delay foaling as needed depending on things happening in the environment.Most mares foal at night or early in the morning, and prefer to give birth alone when possible. The actual birth process takes only a short time, about 15 to 30 minutes. Once the foal is born, the mare will lick the newborn to clean it and help blood circulation. In a very short time, the foal will attempt to stand and get milk from its mother. A foal should stand and nurse within the first hour of life.Here's how it happens. asked by adam_ in Television | 23878 views | 02-06-2008 at 04:06 AM Answer Question! Thread Tools Show Printable Version Email this Page Birth Of A Horse Similar Threads for: The horse of troy :LMAO: « Previous Thread | Next Thread »
Two people were arrested from the RS Pura sector on the international border in Jammu and Kashmir for allegedly spying for Pakistan and sharing secret information on social networking app Whatsapp, police said on Saturday.
Police received the information that Satvinder Singh and Dadu were in the area along the international border in Suchetgarh sector and were taking pictures of security establishments, a police officer said.
Both of them were nabbed and during their questioning, they revealed that they were collecting the secret information regarding the locations of the army and other security forces to share with Pakistan through Whatsapp, they said.
Both of them have been arrested and booked under various sections of the Ranbir Penal Code (RPC), the officer said, adding further investigations were on.
First Published: Nov 13, 2016 01:36 IST
New research from Microsoft and Indiana University has found that data leaks from Web applications such as popular tax programs and online health programs - even when encrypted -- is a real and growing threat.
According to the research, it's inevitable that a Software-as-a-Service application's data flow will be exposed on the network to some degree when passing back and forth between a web client (browser) and server even when HTTPS and encryption such as WPA/WPA2 is in effect.
Network eavesdroppers could use such information to figure out which site or program you're using and glean personal information by monitoring data characteristics associated with certain Web applications - known as side-channel information -- such as packet size and timing.
Also read: Data breach costs top $200 per customer record
Such vulnerabilities are shaping up to be "an unprecedented threat to the confidentiality of user data processing by these applications," according to the researchers. They base their research on findings discovered testing the security of popular online tax, health, investing and search sites (including Google, Yahoo and Bing).
They write: "Although such side-channel leaks of Web traffic have been known for years [a documented side-channel leak is dated back to 1943...obviously before the Internet], the whole issue seems to be neglected by the general Web industry, presumably because little evidence exists to demonstrate the seriousness of their consequences other than the effect on the users of anonymity channels [such as Tor].
Particularly worrisome is that the issue is especially prevalent in programs that use newer Web technology, such as the AJAX programming language, whose GUI widgets generate Web traffic in response to even a single mouse click. That gives eavesdroppers more chances to infer what's being transmitted.
The researchers warn that while some solutions for mitigating the problem are obvious, such as padding packets to disguise them, the actual implementation of such solutions would need to be done by app developers on a case by case basis.
Ed Felten, a professor of computer science and public affairs at Princeton University's Center for Information Technology Policy, blogs that "it's important to keep these attacks in perspective - bear in mind that they can only be carried out by someone who can eavesdrop on the network between you and the site you're visiting."
The researchers' findings are outlined in a paper titled "Side-Channel Leaks in Web Applications: a Reality Today, a Challenge Tomorrow," and will be presented at IEEE Symposium on Security and Privacy in Oakland in mid-May.
Follow Bob Brown on Twitter at www.twitter.com/alphadoggs
The Free-Reed Journal
Articles and Essays Featuring Classical Free-Reed Instruments and Performers
The Accordion: A Backbreaker
Part Seven: The Great Accordion Myth! Is Lighter Really Better?
by John Bonica, L.P.T., N.Z.R.P.
To perform one's job or leisure-time activity and minimize the risk of injury is of paramount importance. It is essential that the activity be performed in an energy efficient and safe manner biomechanically speaking. The same applies when we are playing our accordions.
In the past ten years there has arisen this almost fanatical quest in seeking the ultimate, lighter accordion. Some players will often base their choice of instrument entirely on the fact that one is three or four pounds lighter! The importance of weight when considering an accordion is probably the greatest myth in the accordion industry today!
Unfortunately, "light is best" is being touted by some manufacturers who are targeting and capitalizing on the myth, that "less weight is better". Unfortunately, the medical profession in general might support this in theory, but this advice comes from poorly informed physicians who don't play an accordion and, therefore, have no idea of the physical dynamics involved in playing one. Generally doctors will say, "If it hurts, then don't do it." This maxim they apply to any activity. However that is the last thing accordionists want to hear!
Somehow the word has gotten around that as we get older we need a lighter accordion. It is my understanding that the mean avenge age of accordionists in the United States is around 55. At all times, particularly as we get older and less flexible, it is important for us to ensure we utilize sound body mechanics and energy efficient playing attitudes when it comes to our accordion, particularly if we want to keep playing the instrument for many more years.
Where did the fairy tale originate, that light accordions are more desirable? Unfortunately, most of the blame must be placed squarely on the shoulders of some accordion manufacturers and distributors (particularly the ones endorsing the myth) because they are having to alter their construction and use of materials in order to stay competitive in price due to increasing costs of labor and materials. Hence the substitution of plastic for wood and soft, light non-aged woods in place of hardwood are some of the ways that shortcuts in construction and cost are being undertaken.
Think about it, an accordion is essentially an acoustic wooden sound box filled with reeds and reed blocks (also wood) which resonate. This resonation is what gives the instrument its characteristic sonic quality. Just as a violin or an acoustic guitar resonates to produce a beautiful sound, imagine if that violin or guitar were made out of plastic! They most definitely would not have the musicality and resonance of their wood counterpart.
Similarly, accordions that are having their wood parts substituted for plastic and less dense wood suffer the same acoustic fate. Just as in the manufacture of Stradivarius violins, the type of aged wood and design is what gives us the richness and beauty of tone we all wish to possess so that we can express ourselves musically. To substitute a hardwood quality construction for plastic or soft woods will, naturally, alter the tonal quality of the instrument. Is this a desirable sacrifice we should consciously make in seeking a lighter instrument? A lighter (or smaller) instrument cannot be compared sonically with its no compromise, full size counterpart. This is a given. The more wood, the more resonance, the better the projection and musicality.
Which brings me to the main point of this discussion. For those of you who may have been persuaded that a lighter accordion is better for your body, I urge you to consider this.
It matters not a hoot that your accordion weighs thirty pounds or twenty pounds (or in the case of the "plastic fantastics" sixteen pounds). The actual weight of the instrument has absolutely nothing to do with the ease of playing the instrument or getting injured. Provided, however, that you play the instrument in its proper playing position which is sitting down. What most people don't realize (obviously doctors and some manufacturers), is that in the sitting position the accordion weight rests on the thigh or thighs, thereby relieving all the actual weight from the shoulders or neck. There is absolutely no additional strain or compromise placed on the neck, shoulders or the spine when played in an energy efficient upright position.
However, for those of you who stand to play the reverse is true. Unless you are an entertainer, like Dick Contino or Myron Floren, who's solo presentation on stage is part of the show, there is no reason that one should stand. You don't see pianists standing to play to enhance their musical presentation. Why should an accordionist stand? It is a difficult enough instrument to master without creating physical and painful distractions by having the instrument hang off the shoulders and strain the neck and low back. The accordion is balanced nicely in the sitting position with the player assuming a position which is relaxed, upright and energy efficient. The number of accordionists I have seen professionally who have serious neck and shoulder problems over the years is considerable. Almost without exception, they are the performing, standing players. If you want to shorten your playing career, stand-up while playing!
If you look at photos of the different postures accordionists assume and the multitude of ways they fit their accordions to themselves, it is little wonder that physical injury over time occurs. Most playing positions are down-right inefficient and awkward which results in compromised ability to play well and express one's self musically. It has been my focus for many years to impart to others the optimal use of the hand, which fascinates me, but also the correct use of the accordionist's hands, fingers, forearms and upper arms and torso in order to play with virtuosity and musicality and without injury.
Take a look at Maestro Anthony Galla-Rini. In their 94th year they sit and plays with their accordion balanced close to their body, supported by their thighs. Their keyboard is upright so they can utilize the higher notes, their feet are under their chair and they have no difficulty with control of the instrument or theirs bellows. With the accordion strapped closely to a balanced body, sitting upright, in a straight backed chair, keyboard near straight up and down, bass strap snug (any slop in the bass strap make clean bellows control an impossibility) there is little or no adverse strain on the body.
The reason, most often, that we tire when we play and practice badly is because our attention and concentration is diverted from the music to those uncomfortable aches and stiffnesses in various parts of our body because we are abusing them positionally. Consequently, I can confidently say that playing the accordion correctly, taking into account all the things mentioned above, is in no way harmful to your health.
There are other important factors, such as the balance and design of your accordion. With any well balanced accordion, it should be possible to do a triple or quadruple bellow shake by merely grasping the upper fi-ont foot rest (the little square rests that support the accordion when it sits on the floor) and performing the triple or quadruple shake with two fingers. Try this test on your own accordion. If it is well designed and balanced, triple shake and quadruple shake is a breeze.
In reality the accordion can be big (thus heavier) as long as it is designed so it is balanced. My two Petosa AM 1100's and my Petosa Tuba Bass accordion model are beautifully balanced. Even the physically larger Tuba Bass accordion is balanced as well as the AM I 100's and presents no difficulty in managing the technical difficulties that the accordion calls for. Additionally, small design details like the strap attachment points on the top of the accordion are of paramount importance. One Canadian accordionist has had their attachment points altered over 20 times to try an achieved balance of the instrument!
So to those out there praising the merits of the ultimate light accordion (made of soft wood and/or plastic whose reedblocks and treble keyboard will, consequently, warp more readily) I say this, "If we are going to make a substantial investment in a musical instrument, let us make an informed decision based on the merits of its tonality (derived from the quality aged hardwood construction in both reedblocks, keyboard and body) and balance (design factor). Therefore selecting an accordion because it weighs several pounds less make very little common sense sonically or economically.
I wonder how many of you would believe this one? A prominent accordionist (who shall remain nameless) was told by a certain northwest dealer (who also shall remain nameless) in their effort to sell their particular brand of accordion that their particular brand of accordion would actually lose about three pounds in weight the more they played it! What will they think of next!! The only way this could happen is if the accordion was made of green, uncured, and thus unstable, softwood which would warp very readily as it dried out !
So don't be afraid of the weight of a well designed accordion. Sonically a bigger heavier accordion (given all the criteria mentioned above) will sound, play and project better, as well as last longer than its plastic or softwood counterparts. If a dealer is trying to sell you a light weight accordion using its weight as a selling point, be suspicious of what components are being sacrificed in quality or indeed even left out, to attain a lighter (less sonically desirable) accordion. Insist upon seeing the insides of the instrument and look closely at the construction. And, of course always shop around before making your choice because in the end you get what you pay for.
The Classical Free-Reed, Inc. staff gratefully acknowledges volunteer Terry Knight who assisted in the production of this article.
Monster Beverage(MNST) had a lawsuit filed against it Tuesday for the death of a teen boy.
Nineteen-year-old Alex Morris drank Monster regularly, consuming two cans daily (including the day they died) for three years.
Monster recommends limiting the amount of the drink consumed to 48 ounces a day.
Alex Morris isn't the first death to be related to Monster. Excluding Morris, there have been five other deaths that have been related to the drink.
One of these deaths was 14-year-old Anais Fournier, whose family sued the energy drink company last year for their death, reports the Associated Press.
“Our allegations in the lawsuits are the same and that's the peoples deaths were caused by these energy drinks and more specifically the defendants failure to warn about the dangers,” Alexander Wheeler, an attorney representing the plaintiffs in both cases, told the Associated Press.
Monster representatives argued that there was no connection between the deaths and its drink.
President Barack Obama sits next to Republican Texas Gov. Greg Abbott as they speak to reporters in the Oval Office of the White House. On Friday, Abbott's office announced the state will not accept Syrian refugees brought to the United States to resettle, claiming the government isn't doing enough to screen them as potential security threats. File Photo by Kevin Dietsch/UPI | License Photo
AUSTIN, Texas, Sept. 30 (UPI) -- In a move that wasn't exactly a surprise, the state of Texas said Friday that it won't participate in President Barack Obama's plan to help thousands of Middle Eastern refugees resettle in the United States.
Gov. Greg Abbott's office announced the decision Friday and the governor has cited security concerns are reasons for their opposition.
"The lax security of the refugee program is indefensible & endangering to all Americans," they said via Twitter on Thursday.
"As governor, I will continue to prioritize the safety of all Texans and urge the federal government to overhaul this severely broken system," they posted to Facebook Friday.
Obama's administration has said it plans to bring in tens of thousands of Syrian refugees in the coming years, to aid the solution to the ongoing migrant crisis in Europe.
Texas previously indicated it would participate in the program, but threatened to pull out last week unless all of the refugees were fully vetted and don't pose a security threat. Critics have alleged that U.S. officials plan to accept the refugees at their word.
The Department of Homeland Security, though, has said all refugees will be screened by a thorough process.
"Texas has repeatedly requested that [feds] provide assurances that refugees resettled in Texas will not pose a security threat, and that the number of refugees resettled in Texas would not exceed the state's original allocation in fiscal year 2016 -- both of which have been denied," Abbott added in a statement.
Texas has been reluctant to participate in the refugee program since Obama announced it, due to the same security concerns. In November, Abbott ordered resettlement nonprofits in Texas to reject refugees from Syria.
Part of opponents' concern is the potential for terrorism -- worries that have only been aggravated with major attacks in France and Belgium in recent months.
RELATED Secretary of State John Kerry warns Russia to stop bombing of Aleppo
Federal officials did not immediately respond to Texas' announcement Friday.
The concierge who was stabbed at an apartment building in Toronto's upscale Rosedale neighbourhood last week is recovering and will be released from hospital today.
The victim, a 67-year-old man whose name is under publication ban, spoke to CBC News from their hospital room on Saturday, where they were surrounded by family.
They had previously been in critical condition after police say they were stabbed multiple times with a large kitchen knife at an apartment building on Thursday in one of Toronto's wealthiest neighbourhoods.
"I can't understand how this can happen," they said. "Never, would you expect something like this."
'I didn't know what to do'
They said they had been working at the building for 26 years with no problems, and gets along well with the residents there.
"Most people know me," they said. "I've also always been a very positive person."
They said he'd only seen the woman who stabbed them once before they attacked him, unprovoked, on Thursday as they were helping to carry their boxes down from their apartment.
They said they were bent over to pick up a box when they attacked them from behind with a knife and stabbed them in the hip, they said. They were able to swerve and dodge subsequent swings.
Renowned architect charged
"Luckily, I escaped," they said. "I didn't know what to do."
Ellis Kirkland has been charged with attempted murder. (Toronto Police Service) The attack sparked a city-wide manhunt and ended in the arrest of Ellis Kirkland, 60, an internationally renowned architect and philanthropist who lives in the building.
They were arrested Thursday on the 27th floor of a balcony of Toronto's Town Inn Suites, 620 Church St., after two police officers rappelled down from the floor above.
Kirkland has been charged with attempted murder, aggravated assault and weapons offences.
Police sources said Kirkland and the victim knew each other, but the stabbing was not a domestic dispute.
Kirkland — a Malta-born Harvard graduate, provincial lobbyist and former vice-president of the non-profit NATO Association of Canada — is scheduled to appear in mental health court on Monday.
As usual, Donald Trump's approach to news is non-traditional: Saying that the Tulsa police officer who shot and killed Terence Crutcher may have “choked,” as if they missed a free throw in the NBA playoffs, isn't exactly how most people would put it. After all, choking doesn't normally earn one a charge of felony first-degree manslaughter, as Officer Betty Shelby now faces.
But in addition to the virtue of simplicity, compared to the logorrhea emanating from the maw of Hillary Clinton, Trump's approach has a realness about it which will serve them well when this issue dominates, as it likely will, Monday's presidential debate.
Add in the recent terrorist bombings in New York and New Jersey and the knife attack by a Kenya-born Somali Muslim shouting “Allah” at a shopping center in Minnesota last Saturday, and the “law-and-order candidate” has the wind at their back during this critical period of the election season.
When you listen to Hillary Clinton speak, even about the deaths of Americans at the hands of police officers, they sound like a bloodless robot programmed to mouth liberal tropes. Thus stands today, as columnist Matt Latimer put it so aptly, “the enthusiasm-starved campaign of Hillary Clinton, who over their decades in politics has perfected the talent of making even the most cutting-edge idea immediately sound like a cliché.” My one quibble with Matt would be the suggestion that Mrs. Clinton has ever held, much less been the original source for, a cutting-edge idea.
It's not that Trump's prescription of “stop and frisk” as the strong medicine required to treat America's epidemic of inner city crime is innovative, some new blockbuster drug from big-policy-pharma. But in a nation beaten over the head daily with the fact that our violent crime rates are rising for the first time in a generation and that Islamic terrorism exists in the homeland, the public is desperate for someone who makes an even slightly plausible case that they understand root causes, who is not beholden to politically correct restraint (though questions remain about their fealty to constitutional restraint), and — most of all — who actually gives a damn not just what the rest of us think but how we feel.
Considering how new Donald Trump is not just to politics but, even within the limited time frame of their presidential campaign, to policy, it says a lot that their credibility on such important issues as crime and terrorism are roughly equal (according to recent polls) to that of Hillary Clinton.
By which I mean it says a lot about Hillary Clinton that after three decades slogging through the swamps of Progressive public policy, the electorate doesn't trust them about key issues of the day any more than it trusts a blustery orange-haired reality-TV star with no pedigree in governing, or even in thinking about governing.
All of which leads to next Monday's debate having the opportunity to be the most interesting and consequential political showdown in the United States since America's first televised presidential debate, the 1960 matchup between Richard Nixon and John F. Kennedy which at most 15 percent of the voting-age American population might remember.
Donald Trump complained about the debate being up against Monday Night Football; if I were Roger Goodell, I'd be the one frustrated to be facing the looming ratings behemoth.
Polls are tightening but extremely volatile. There are many undecided voters and a not-entirely-crazy theory that likely-voter polling may not capture the opinions of many Americans who have not cast ballots in many years, if ever, but will turn out in 2016 for a man who will challenge a system that they believe is rotten to the core — with Hillary Clinton representing the worm that inhabits the barely covered muck beneath the misleadingly shiny surface.
In that environment, Donald Trump has one goal on Monday: to appear credibly presidential. It's a multi-faceted task, comprised at least of plausible policy positions and a demeanor of calm but passionate leadership rather than simple bombast.
With so many unsubstantiated rumors about how each candidate is preparing (or not preparing) for the debate, with stories about the Clinton team counseling the candidate to give Donald Trump the rope to hang themselves with, Trump has the considerable advantage of low expectations.
Obviously they should aim to exceed them.
Given what must be the top two issues up for discussion: crime (and the subsidiary conversation about law enforcement) and terrorism, both of which should be among Trump's few strong suits, the debate represents an unlikely opportunity for The Donald to go on offense, to show Mrs. Clinton for what they are: an elitist who is wildly out of touch with the concerns of ordinary Americans. What a remarkable reversal of position from the usual Republican-Democrat dichotomy.
Given how far left the Democratic Party has moved with Hillary Clinton in the Alinskyite vanguard (even as they sidle up to the white-shoe multi-millionaires at Goldman Sachs) and the fact that Hillary is a woman, and given Donald Trump's unique background and style, this presidential election arguably offers a choice between the two most different candidates in our history.
Which is why the most common comparison made regarding the expected television ratings for Monday night is to the Super Bowl.
The first presidential debate in 2016 will likely garner double the viewership of the first Obama-McCain debate in 2008. As well it should, in an election of such consequence among an electorate desperate for change facing two candidates whose only similarity is the public's dislike of them but whose many large differences are the true subject of this election.
History suggests that debates rarely cause a significant change in the trajectory of an election. But Monday offers the possibility of something completely different. So grab the popcorn, enjoy the show, and let's just hope it turns out to be a drama rather than a tragedy.
Logically, coups which have taken place in Honduras and Paraguay might serve the U.S. government as models for bringing down Venezuela's Bolivarian Revolution. Harsh methods of the past – for example, in Guatemala (1954), Cuba (1959 on), and Chile (1973) – were problematic, and hence are rejected for the time being. Besides, they may be unnecessary.
A U.S. approach of mere watchful waiting was successful in achieving strategic goals in both countries: popular movements are stymied, elites are in charge, and governance fits with global capitalism. What actually happened deserves a look by way of suggesting what might be achieved in U.S. dealings with Venezuela using similar methods.
Honduran President Juan Orlando Hernández took office in January, 2014 after a fraudulent election. Their presidency owes ultimately to the military coup that ousted President Jose Manuel Zelaya on June 28, 2009.
The U.S. ambassador knew about the coup beforehand. The plane taking Zelaya to exile stopped first at a U.S. air base. And the United States quickly recognized Porfirio Lobo as Zelaya's successor despite voter absenteeism and electoral fraud.
Zelaya had offended by upping Honduras' minimum wage, promoting agrarian reform, and calling for a constituent assembly. They arranged for Honduras to join the Cuban and Venezuelan-inspired ALBA solidarity alliance.
Interviewed recently, Gilberto Ríos Munguía, a leader of the opposition National Front of Popular Resistance, reported that 72 percent of Hondurans live in poverty, 53 percent, in “extreme poverty.” The minimum wage pays for less than half of families' average monthly food costs.
Ríos Munguía accuses Honduras' five ruling families of maintaining a “tight relationship with drug trafficking.” Now 90 percent of cocaine heading to the United States passes through Honduras, they say, adding that “In my country there are 23 murders every day … the highest rate on the planet.” Paramilitaries target students, journalists, unionists, and agrarian reform activists.
The “financial bourgeoisie” rules and “finance capital necessarily has a link with narco-trafficking.” Money is loaned at 36 percent interest, and capital flows to “Miami bank accounts.” Ríos Munguía denounces “public-private alliances;” tax-collecting is likely soon to be privatized.
Under Honduras' new “model cities” program, private investors are responsible for local governing while they develop port facilities, build manufacturing, and expand agriculture. On April 23, the Supreme Court invalidated article 239 of Honduras' constitution and opened the door for President Hernández to serve a second term.
In Paraguay former Catholic Bishop Fernando Lugo led a center-left coalition to electoral victory on August 8, 2008, thereby ending decades of rule by the landowner-dominated Colorado Party, once headed by military dictator Alfredo Stroessner.
A “parliamentary coup” ousted Lugo on June 22, 2012. They allegedly are “incompetent” in confronting a land reform protest that led to deaths. The real issue was their government's refusal to allow Monsanto Corporation to introduce a new genetically-modified seed corn variety. Agricultural titans protested and Paraguay's Senate responded by removing Lugo. The U.S. embassy knew about coup preparations from 2009 on, according to WikiLeaks.
In Paraguay 2.6 percent of the population owns 85.5 percent of the arable land; the growing of genetically modified crops, mostly soy, takes up 8,000,000 acres. Soy accounts for 40 per cent of Paraguayan exports and 10 per cent of the country's GDP. Soy production skyrocketed from 5,968,085 tons nationally in 2008 to 8,189.542 tons in 2014.
Most crops grown in Paraguay are genetically modified for withstanding herbicides. Monsanto provides most of the seeds and chemicals used there. In 2007 soy producers applied 13 million liters of the Monsanto's “Roundup” herbicide product. By 2014, 25 million liters of Roundup were being used, mainly for soy. The upshot is that Monsanto and big farmers have things their own way in Paraguay.
That's bad news for human health. Toxicologists have suspected that glyphosate
(Roundup's chemical name) causes cancers, kidney disease, and birth defects. The International Agency for Research on Cancer, part of the World Health Organization, on March 20 classified glyphosate “as probably carcinogenic to humans.”
President Horacio Cartes' government has strengthened security forces. Appropriations for police doubled between 2009 and 2014, while military spending rose from $100 million in 2011 to $250 million in 2015. Paraguay's Congress on August 22, 2013 authorized Cartes to initiate military action unilaterally. The pretext was leftist guerrillas operating in northern Paraguay. Soon security forces were rounding up agrarian reform leaders.
New conditions have fostered an expanding U.S. military presence in both counties. In March the announcement came that 250 U.S. marines would soon be arriving in Honduras. On February 22, 2014 in Paraguay the U.S. military opened a $1.7 million facility allegedly to provide relief for natural disasters.
The U.S. government held back on overt intrusion prior to both coups. So far it has acted similarly in regard to Venezuela, although it applauds destabilization there, subsidizes opposition groups, and issues sanctions.
But results won't be the same in Venezuela. In neither Paraguay nor Honduras was the majority population prepared. In contrast, Venezuelans have mobilized over many years to protect their social gains and resist the predators.
The U.S. government may have another Cuba on its hands.
Photo: Rodrigo Abd/AP
Uefa studied reports by the Swiss official, Massimo Busacca, who incensed Arsenal by sending off Robin van Persie. Wenger and Nasri have both been charged with using “inappropriate language” with a hearing set for March 17 — the day before the quarter-final draw.
The duo will be expected to attend the hearing and explain their comments.
“The case is one of improper conduct of the coach and player,” a Uefa spokesperson said. There are a number of sanctions available ranging from a ban to a fine with the likelihood — given the nature of the offence — being the latter with a reprimand from the governing body.
Wenger confronted Busacca twice, immediately after the match and just before the Arsenal team departed the Nou Camp, and also continued their criticisms in their post-match interviews.
However it is not their media comments — which included a claim that “Uefa people” were “shocked” by Busacca's performance — which are being investigated but their aggressive behaviour towards the official following the 3-1 defeat which completed a 4-3 loss on aggregate.
Nasri was among a group of Arsenal players who confronted Busacca to protest about the second yellow card issued to Van Persie, for kicking the ball away, early in the second half.
Wenger claimed the decision had “killed” the contest. Van Persie called the dismissal a “total joke”.
Unsurprisingly this view was rejected by Barcelona, whose captain, Xavi Hernandez, insisted that Van Persie should have been dismissed for two first-half incidents and claimed Wenger's anger was due to injured “pride”.
“Van Persie could have been sent off before for the incident in the first half,” Xavi said. “The referee decided that it was Barcelona's ball; they kick it out and the rule says that is a card.
"That helped us dominate the game even more. But we were practically the same when it was 11 against 11.
“We stayed on the attack throughout and the truth is we dominated Arsenal — a team that normally want to have the ball and want to attack but Barcelona did not let them.
"We were superior as much in the second leg as in the first game. The result is not really a real reflection of the tie over two legs — we dominated the first game as much as the second.
“It surprised us a bit that they did not play with more joy, more attacking flair. They had a one-goal advantage and they set themselves up to protect that but it did not work out for them. We dominated and we could have finished the game sooner.”
Fabregas did not speak after the match — although they did post a message on the social network site Twitter apologising for their display — with their fellow midfielder, the impressive Jack Wilshere, speaking on behalf of the team and remaining insistent that they had the “character” to still have a successful season.
Arsenal face Manchester United in the FA Cup quarter-finals on Saturday and are second in the Premier League, three points behind United with a game in hand. “We are still in two competitions and need to get a trophy this year, that will be the aim,” Wilshere said.
“We have got great mental strength, there is disappointment in the dressing room, yes, but we have got to pick ourselves up and go to Manchester United to get the win. It is massive.”
The 19 year-old added: “Maybe now that we are out of Europe, we can be stronger in the league, concentrate on that more, really push on to try to win the league.
"We know Man You're a great team, but they have a European game next week, so they might play a weakened side, then we can go there and take advantage of that.”
Wenger will have to decide how strong a team to field against United with a real fear that they are now playing Wilshere too often.
However Wilshere added: “We know we have got good mental strength and have to bounce back now. We know we have got great character. We showed that in the first leg, when we came from behind at home against Barcelona.”
At a rally in Walker, Mich., Monday night, presidential candidate Donald Trump vowed to slap a punitive tariff as high as 40% on Ford Motor (f) for its manufacturing activities in Mexico.
Ford announced a $2.5 billion expansion of operations in Mexico in April—a decision that soon drew fire from Trump. The car company has become a constant campaign issue for Trump, beginning with their announcement speech in June.
At the time, they told supporters that he'd call up Ford CEO Mark Fields to say: “‘Let me give you the bad news. Every car, and every truck and every part manufactured in this plant that comes across the border, we're going to charge you a 35% tax. Okay? And that tax is going to be paid simultaneously with the transaction, and that's it.'”
The rally in Michigan Monday night upped the ante slightly, with Trump promising to raise that tariff by another 5% if Fields doesn't cooperate, according to the Detroit News. “I'm a free trader, but we can't be stupid traders,” they said at the rally.
Trump's proposed tariff would almost certainly violate the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA)—a pact that Trump has vowed to break, anyway.
Ford responded to the attacks in October, after Trump falsely claimed that the company was backtracking on its expansion plans. In an earnings call with investors, Fields said, “Unfortunately, we suspect the facts are getting lost in the politics,” according to the Associated Press.
Fortune has reached out to Ford for comment.
Julian Assange, founder of the whistleblower website WikiLeaks, has a feline friend, “embassy cat.”
The pet, a gift from Assange's children, has no official name yet, reports the Daily Mail. On Twitter, however, the 10-week-old kitten goes by @EmbassyCat.
“I live in the Ecuadorian Embassy with Julian Assange,” the cat's Twitter bio reads. “Interested in counter-purrveillance.”
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
Assange has been holed up in the Ecuadorian embassy in London for four years, facing extradition to Sweden for even longer. Swedish authorities have been seeking their extradition since 2010 for questioning following allegations that they sexually assaulted two women, which they have denied.
Assange refuses to leave the embassy for fear that doing so will lead to their arrest and extradition to the United States on potential charges for their role in disseminating state secrets through WikiLeaks.
For more cute animals, watch:
Since its founding a decade ago, WikiLeaks has published confidential documents stolen from sources such as governments (like the U.S.'s massive diplomatic cables leak), corporations (like the Sony (sne) Pictures data dump), and public figures (like top U.S. intelligence officials' hacked personal email accounts). Say what you will about Assange and their uncompromising brand of Internet activism—the cat is undeniably cute.
Here are some of the Embassy Cat's Tweets:
Welcome! Cat got your chin-rest?
No, Embassy Cat! Don't be fooled!
(Fun fact: the British stopped stationing police outside the embassy in the fall, after spending a reported £12.6 million.)
Confirmed: Even more adorable from the front.
Better stretch. You might be cooped up in that office for…a while.
Exciting first day but finally settled down and feline fine 😺 pic.twitter.com/GeMtAy0a3v — Embassy Cat (@EmbassyCat) May 9, 2016
Already plotting a getaway? And without an escape dress??
In February, a United Nations panel said that Assange is being “arbitrarily detained” and that their confinement “should be brought to an end.” The Swedish Supreme Court, on the other hand, doesn't appear to agree.
At least he's got some company now.
article
Illinois will not meet a court-set deadline Tuesday to increase spending on backlogs of Medicaid payments, pushing the problem off until the end of the month as the state's unprecedented budget impasse is on the verge of entering its third straight fiscal year.
Continue Reading Below
Medicaid talks will continue past Tuesday, with a new deadline set for June 28 — just two days before the final deadline for the state legislature to agree on a spending bill during a special session, an attorney said late Monday. The new fiscal year begins July 1.
Illinois owes Medicaid providers $2 billion for care provided to more than 3 million people — a small sum compared to the state's total unpaid bill of $15 billion, or 40 percent of Illinois' operating budget. After failing to pass a spending bill for two straight fiscal years, the state has been functioning on appropriations since 2015.
Failure to strike a budget agreement by the end of the state legislature's annual session on May 31 resulted in a critical credit downgrade for the country's fifth largest state to Baa3, the lowest of any state and only one level above non-investment grade — also known as junk. Illinois has received 8 downgrades in as many years and most states are rated at least 8 levels higher, according to Moody's.
The state's backlog of unpaid bills will skyrocket to $28 billion by June 2019 without a deal, Moody's predicted, which would rack up even more interest and penalties than what is already owed. Even if a deal is reached, state debt and taxpayer dues will both likely increase.
Advertisement
Additionally, the state currently has more than $250 billion in unfunded pension obligations, annual payments of which could be cut if a deal isn't struck — a scenario that Moody's warned would be a negative credit event for bondholders.
The state legislature's special session begins Wednesday and will take place over 10 days. The impasse between the Democratic-controlled legislature and the Republican governor has paralyzed the state so severely that Gov. Rauner even compared Illinois to a “banana republic” earlier this month because it cannot manage its finances.
This clip is an excerpt from a panel taped at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland in 2010. The section relevant to Gaza and Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu begins at 38:25.
"Frankly, if I had to think of an individual who would be the greatest threat for the survival of Israel, I'd probably choose Netanyahu," Schabas says.
The United Nations Human Rights Council last week named the three members of an international commission of inquiry to investigate possible war crimes by Israel during Operation Protective Edge in Gaza.
The panel will be chaired by Prof. William Schabas, a Canadian expert on international law whose academic focus has been on genocide.  They are known to be highly critical of Israel and harshly attacked Operation Cast Lead at the time (2008-09).
They praised the report issued by the Goldstone Committee following that operation, and said the commission's chairperson, Richard Goldstone, should be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.
Schabas has called in the past for the International Criminal Court in The Hague to put Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and former President Shimon Peres on trial. Last year, at a conference in New York, Schabas said: “My favorite would be Netanyahu within the dock of the International Criminal Court.” A few years earlier, they said that if there was an indictment in the ICC against the president of Sudan for genocide, why should a similar indictment not be issued against the Israeli president for events in Gaza.
A month after beginning to roll back the Obama administration's rules making more Americans eligible for overtime pay, Donald Trump's Department of Labor again displayed a lack of concern for workers when it announced its very first inductee to its Hall of Honor would be President Ronald Reagan, "who openly and actively diminished the power of American labor unions."
The Hall of Honor is meant "to honor Americans whose distinctive contributions have elevated working conditions, wages, and overall quality of life for American families." While Reagan had been the president of the Screen Actors Guild during their acting career, their most significant labor-related action during their two terms in the White House was their firing of 11,000 striking air traffic controllers in 1981
The workers had walked out of their jobs when negotiations with the Federal Aviation Administration stalled. The air traffic controllers' union, whose members perform a job that's been recognized as one of the most high-stress occupations, had been seeking annual wage increases of $10,000 and a reduction of their weekly hours from 40 to 32.
Reagan's abrupt dismissal of the workers represented a change in politicians' relationship with American workers. Union membership declined by about five percent during Reagan's term, and labor historian Joseph A. McCartin has noted that the event put in motion a shift in how Republican leaders interact with the labor movement.
"Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin invoked Reagan's handling of [the strike] as they prepared to 'change history' by stripping public employees of collective bargaining rights in a party-line vote," they wrote in a New York Times editorial in 2011.
Critics, including union organizers, spoke out against Reagan's induction on social media, noting the irony of the choice.
Unfortunately they were really good at busting them too. https://t.co/Qiq2P7YOvm — Alan (@AlanBdc) August 24, 2017
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Help Keep Common Dreams Alive Our progressive news model only survives if those informed and inspired by this work support our efforts
Trump Labor Department honors Ronald Reagan as labor hero, because of course https://t.co/NSW1Iv0W8H by @ZaidJilani — Teamsters (@Teamsters) August 25, 2017
Just in time for Trump's "labor" dept to troll us by honoring Reagan, we explain why Reagan was an enemy of labor https://t.co/wmsTbLgLyH — Sarah Jaffe (@sarahljaffe) August 25, 2017
The department's announcement coincided with a new report by the Economic Policy Institute, released Thursday, showing the decline in union membership over the last four decades and its impact on workers. "Since the 1970s, declining unionization has fueled rising inequality and stalled economic progress for the broad American middle class," says the report. "When unions are weak, the highest incomes go up even more, but when unions are strong, middle incomes go up."
The Labor Department's decision to honor Reagan suggests that the Trump administration is equating their contributions to the labor movement with those of past inductees including social justice organizers Eugene Debs and Bayard Rustin, the Chinese workers who fought for safer working conditions while completing the transcontinental railroad in the 19th century, and the Memphis sanitation workers who unionized after staging huge peaceful protest marches.
NESTLED between the headwaters of the Magdalena river and high Andean moorland, the ancient stone statues at San Agustín are among the most mysterious pre-Columbian archaeological artefacts. So far archaeologists have discovered 40 large burial mounds containing 600 likenesses of mythical animals, gods and chieftains in what is South America's largest complex of megalithic statues. Like other sites in the region, San Agustín has suffered plunder, both organised and freelance. Konrad Preuss, a German anthropologist who led the first European excavations there, shipped 35 statues that they found to a museum in Berlin, where they remain.
This history has made the local inhabitants, who live from tourist visits to the site, suspicious. So it proved with a plan by the national museum to take 20 of the statues to the capital, Bogotá, a ten-hour drive away, for a three-month exhibition to mark the centenary of Preuss's discovery of the site.
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Aware of the sensitivity of removing the statues even temporarily, anthropologists from the Colombian Institute of Anthropology and History held town meetings to explain the importance of allowing them to be seen by a wider public. But the locals said they worried that the objects would not return, or would be swapped for replicas. They claimed that moving them would upset their spiritual energy. As the date for the exhibition neared, they began making demands, such as asking for a new drinking-water system for the town in exchange for letting the statues go.
No deal was agreed. On the day last month when the sculptures, carefully wrapped and crated, were to travel to Bogotá, locals backed by outside agitators blockaded the road and prevented workers from loading the trucks. The anthropologists backed off. “It never crossed our minds that they wouldn't trust us with the statues,” says María Victoria de Robayo, director of the national museum, which has held temporary exhibitions of Greek urns loaned by the Louvre and of China's Terracotta Warriors.
The museum has adopted its own form of protest. The exhibition opened, minus statues, on November 28th. “We wanted the public in Bogotá to perceive the absence,” Ms De Robayo says. So light is projected where the statues would have been; guides use a virtual-reality program and tablet computers to show visitors a 3D image of what was meant to be there. This is unlikely to draw the crowds, but the affair has sparked a debate about Colombia's cultural heritage. The museum has taken a robust position: the opening display invites visitors to consider “the emptiness and silence that emerge when a few people claim exclusive right over our heritage, trampling the cultural liberties of all Colombians.”
The New Testament Scholar Who Stole Christmas?
By James F. McGrath
Clarence L. Goodwin Chair in New Testament Language and Literature
Butler University
December 2011
I was tempted to try to write this article in pseudo-Seussian verse but decided that I probably lacked the skill needed to see such an endeavor successfully through to the end. But I think that the same point can be made in ordinary prose. While many religious believers view liberal scholars as antagonistic to their faith, some view even relatively conservative scholars as exhibiting Grinchy characteristics, as far as their work on matters related to the Christmas story are concerned. Like the Grinch in the famous Dr. Seuss story, historians and scholars are sometimes felt to disappear up the academic chimney, taking with them many of the beloved trappings of and beliefs about their favorite holidays. The same could be said about many holidays, in many religious traditions that emphasize the importance of historical events as the grounding for their celebrations. But as Christmas is drawing near and relates to my own field of New Testament, it seems to provide an appropriate example to focus on.
Scholars and historians who ask awkward historical questions are probably considered the worst offenders when it comes to allegations of grinchiness. While churches host pageants which nonchalantly combine details from Matthew and Luke into a cute little drama, with adorable kids dressed as magi, shepherds, sheep, historians are prone to point out that Luke dates the birth of Jesus to the time of the census under Quirinius, around 6 CE, while Matthew dates it to sometime prior to the death of Herod the Great in 4 BCE, leaving us with a contradiction between the only Gospel to feature shepherds and the only one to tell of the visit of the wise men. And while in Matthews Gospel the familys story begins in Bethlehem in a house, and they seek to return there from Egypt, in Lukes Gospel they start in Nazareth, go to Bethlehem and, after Jesus is born, within a month or so (compare Luke 2 with Leviticus 12) are in Jerusalem and then heading back to their home town of Nazareth. The chronologies of the two accounts, both in terms of when they are set and the geographical movements depicted, are historically irreconcilable.
But even relatively conservative and Evangelical scholars can get into trouble at Christmastime, not for questioning the historicity of the infancy stories, but for questioning the popular understanding of them, based on the Biblical accounts themselves and their cultural and historical background. Most recent commentaries on the Gospel of Luke will point out that the word traditionally rendered inn in Luke 2:7 is not the term used for a commercial inn elsewhere in Luke (in 10:34), but is the same word rendered upper room in the account of the last supper. When we add to this linguistic consideration the unlikelihood that Bethlehem had a commercial inn in the first century, the fact that people normally relied on hospitality rather than inns (note that in Acts, despite all Pauls travels, they never checks into a hotel), and the fact that many peasant homes would have mangers inside the house rather than in a detached stable or barn, much of the modern way of understanding the story in Luke seems to be called into question.
To counter accusations of grinchiness and to help churches not merely cope with but embrace these insights from scholarship, Kenneth Bailey (who played a significant role in bringing relevant Middle Eastern cultural information to bear on this topic) composed a Christmas musical drama reflecting this different and hopefully better interpretation. And while some have embraced their new perspective, I suspect that at least some would respond to their gesture with an emphatic Bah, humbug!
New Testament scholars can seem like adult versions of the older brother who naughtily whispers to younger siblings that Santa Claus isnt real. This comparison itself may have something instructive to tell us. The reaction of many to the insights of scholarship regarding their religious tradition, its beliefs, and its Scriptures, are akin to the reactions of children to their first inkling that Santa might not be real: horror, shock, denial, and anger. Such experiences are apparently unavoidable as children enjoy stories and myths as children and, growing up, discover that they are not factually true, or that the way the stories depict the world is not one that real life consistently lives up to. But when adults respond in the same ways, it suggests that we may have been clinging to a childish approach to religion. Despite the fact that many feel it is a religious virtue to cling to that sort of childish approach, the Bible itself encourages us to put away childish things (1 Cor. 13:11). And while it may be countered that the Bible also encourages childlike faith, it is surely a mistake to understand such faith to denote an unquestioning acceptance of what we are told. If children assume in their early years that what adults tell them is true and correct, children also question everything, and are the ones most likely to dare to say that the emperor has no clothes.
I recently saw a sign which described the four stages of life in relation to Santa Claus: one goes from believing in Santa, to not believing in Santa, to being Santa. (The fourth stage is that one looks like Santa). Perhaps this is a process that one naturally goes through in relation to other stories and beliefs, including those which biblical scholars study, and that it is normal and healthy to go through. Work in the domain of psychology of belief suggests that it is a normal part of the maturing process to go from naïve literalism, to disappointment on discovering that our beliefs are wrong and our authorities fallible, to a second naiveté which allows us to appreciate again on other levels those things that we once took for granted, and then discarded because we could no longer do so.
Perhaps it is those who insist that the only way to really celebrate and appreciate Christmas is to treat the infancy stories as factual, historical accounts, who are posing the biggest threat to faith, if what we mean is a mature faith.
The Grinch discovered that Christmas in Whoville wasnt something that could be stolen. I wish those reading this a Merry Christmas, and the discovery of a meaning to Christmas that does not disappear as a result of historical or other scholarly analysis.
Notes
A Republican member of the House is warning President Trump that their first term in office could be their last if the GOP's current healthcare measure becomes law.
During an appearance on CNN Wednesday night, Rep. Thomas Massie (R-Ky.) said that the plan to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act (ACA) will only become less popular over time, further degrading its already tepid support.
"We're afraid he's a one-term president if this passes. We are trying to save him," Massie said. "The phone calls to my office are running 275 against versus four — only four votes from my constituents are in favor of this.
ADVERTISEMENT
"Voting for this is bad today, and it's going to be really bad in two or three years when the changes start kicking in and health insurance prices start going through the roof."
The measure has drawn the ire of many conservative members of Congress, who have argued that it does not go far enough to dismantle the ACA. Some, including Sen. Rand Paul Randal (Rand) Howard PaulThe Hill's Morning Report — Emergency declaration to test GOP loyalty to Trump The Hill's 12:30 Report: Trump escalates fight with NY Times The 10 GOP senators who may break with Trump on emergency MORE (R-Ky.), have taken to referring to the bill as "ObamaCare Lite."
Nevertheless, Trump has thrown their support behind the measure, urging lawmakers to swiftly pass the bill in order to fulfill a longtime campaign promise to do away with former President Obama's signature healthcare law.
Trump made repealing and replacing ObamaCare a cornerstone of their 2016 presidential campaign and is eager to make good on that promise.
Republican leaders unveiled several amendments to the bill on Monday in hopes of appeasing conservatives ahead of a key Thursday House vote. But the bill cannot afford more than 21 Republican defections, and as of Wednesday, 27 GOP House members stood opposed to the measure.
Mr Huhne said the UK was having to prepare itself for “lots of shocks”, forcing the price of a barrel of oil to double, mirroring the volatility last seen in the 1970s.
The news came as Mr Huhne said they would only give the green light to more nuclear power stations if Chancellor George Osborne agreed to taking millions of the lowest paid out of income tax. “A deal is a deal,” they said.
Mr Huhne said they were concerned about the future fluctuations in the price of a barrel of oil, which would send the price of petrol soaring.
A 1970s-style doubling in the price of oil would drain £45billion from the UK economy in two years, hitting investment and jobs.
They told a meeting on the fringe of the party's conference in Liverpool: “We will have a world where there may be lots of shocks, we may well have oil price rises which are similar to the ones that we had in the 1970s, a doubling.
“I have asked for some work to be done in the department about what the impact of that might be in terms of British business, businesses that have nothing to do with energy, with green growth, entirely outside.
“The corner shop is affected if we have an oil price shock because the economy is hit very seriously.”
In their keynote speech to delegates in the main conference hall they said their fears about the price of oil offered further justification for the Government's push towards creating a greener economy.
They added: “So the low-carbon economy is also a premium which we pay to ensure ourselves against those sorts of oil price, fossil fuel price, shocks.”
As part of the switch to low-carbon energy, Mr Huhne said they backed the construction of giant wind farms around the coast of Britain.
A new wind farm at Gwynt y Mor off the north Wales coast will have the potential to power a third of Welsh homes. “I want to see this again and again round Britain's coasts,” they said.
Turning to the contentious issue of nuclear power, Mr Huhne, a voluble critic in Opposition, said the Coalition agreement involved “give and take”.
“I expect George Osborne to take more millions of the low-paid out of income tax even though they are a Conservative minister implementing a Liberal Democrat pledge.
“And George Osborne expects me to deliver our agreement on nuclear power, which is that there is an important place for new nuclear stations in our energy mix as long as there is no public subsidy.
"A deal is a deal, and I will deliver.
Mr Huhne also announced a new “Government-wide carbon plan” setting out policies and deadlines for each department to “ensure real action on climate change”.
A plan to create almost 250,000 jobs in green industries will offset the economic “drag anchor” of budget cuts, they said.
Mr Huhne said: “Since there is no money left, my department is pioneering new ways of turning this Government into the greenest ever.”
British homes were responsible for a quarter of the UK's carbon emissions, because they leak heat like a sieve.
They said: “We use more energy to heat our homes than Sweden, where it's seven degrees colder in January. We might as well be standing outside burning £50 notes.”
Ahmad al-Shamri, in their 20's, loses two appeals after arrest for blasphemy; recorded denouncing Islam founder on social media.
“I wish there could be live streaming when you cut their head off,” read an Arabic-language celebratory Tweet written by a devout Muslim in reaction to a Saudi man's being sentenced to death on apostasy charges.
Ahmad al-Shamri, a Saudi Arabian man in their 20's, lost two appeals after their 2014 arrest on blasphemy charges, according to the Independent. They came under scrutiny after allegedly uploading videos to social media in which they renounced Islam and its founder.
Saudi law provides for heavy sentencing in blasphemy cases including extended imprisonment, hard labor, and lashings, but a 2014 royal decree equated atheism with terrorism, laying the basis for still harsher punishments.
Shamri's legal defense entered an insanity plea, also claiming that drugs and alcohol impaired their judgement but last week a Supreme Court rejected their second appeal.
Despite the use of capital punishment against those who renounce Islam, or perhaps because of it, Saudi Arabia has sat on the United Nations Human Rights Council since 2015.
All aboard? Not quite — not yet, anyway.
Amid some political dissent, city hall's $880-million plan for a hybrid light rail/bus rapid transit system left the station Monday with London politicians voting unanimously to endorse it.
That staff-recommended option — light rail between downtown and the north and east ends; bus-only rapid transit to the south and west — was OK'd as the “preliminary preferred” choice as council met Monday as the strategic priorities and policy committee.
This was only an endorsement, not a final council decision. The light rail/bus hybrid option will now go out for public feedback before council makes an official decision, likely in January.
But Monday's 15-0 vote, while masking some clear concerns from council members, suggests plenty of support for what would be the biggest infrastructure project in city history.
“This (the hybrid) is the way to go forward,” said Coun. Tanya Park. “We're here to build a city of tomorrow, not the city of last year.”
Mayor Matt Brown was outspoken in urging their colleagues to back the proposal — if only to get the attention of Ottawa and Queen's Park, which will both be asked to contribute huge sums to the project.
“If I have heard one message from (the province and Ottawa), it's this: Council needs to identify a single option,” Mayor Matt Brown said. “So we can focus, so we can move this conversation forward with them.”
London's share of construction costs will be capped at $125 million that will come from development charges tacked onto new construction over the next 20 years. The rest — more than $750 million — would have to come from the provincial and federal governments.
It's possible. Ontario has earmarked $15 billion for infrastructure outside the Greater Toronto-Hamilton Area and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau expressed support for London rapid transit while campaigning.
The price, though, is one part of the concerns expressed by some councillors Monday. Coun. Phil Squire argued London's proposed $125-million share may not be big enough and Coun. Stephen Turner raised questions about annual operation costs.
Councillors Bill Armstrong and Michael van Holst argued rail is an old-world technology. Coun. Anna Hopkins expressed concern on behalf of their west-end constituents.
But those who were supportive are already backing light rail without reservation.
Councillors Jesse Helmer and Mo Salih pushed to scrap the hybrid option to go with a light-rail-everywhere option that would cost up to $1.2 billion to build.
“I see (light rail) as a no-brainer,” Helmer said.
That $1.2-billion option was rejected as council's preferred choice, in favour of the hybrid.
Rapid transit, especially with light rail, isn't just about moving passengers more quickly, experts say — it can also spark infill development along the routes. That would help London grow “inwards and upwards,” as called for in city hall's blueprint for growth, the London Plan.
“It can serve as a very effective catalyst for development,” said city planning boss John Fleming. “That opportunity to develop along the rapid-transit routes really makes all the difference.”
London is the largest Canadian city with no form of rapid transit.
Patrick.maloney@sunmedia.ca
Twitter.com/patatLFPress
— — —
CITY HALL'S PREFERRED RAPID TRANSIT OPTION:
Naftali Bennett is the rising star of Israeli politics, and their party, Jewish Home, is projected to be the third largest in Israel: they are also an upfront racist who has made the presence of Africans in the country a major campaign issue, calling for their immediate expulsion. He's said they would refuse orders to evacuate Jewish "settlers" from Palestinian lands, and they have a plan to annex most of the West Bank. "Forget whether it's right or wrong," they say. "We're here to stay, now what can we do about it? To strive for perfection brings disaster again and again. It's time for new thinking."
However, there is nothing new in this sort of thinking: ever since a right-wing nutjob assassinated Yitzhak Rabin and the "settler" movement began openly battling the IDF, the world has been aware of a dangerous and quite unpleasant streak of extremism taking root in the land of Israel. The Jewish Home party, and its charismatic leader, are but the latest incarnation of an increasingly militant religious fundamentalism with deep roots in the history of the Zionist idea. At the core of this ideology is the concept of "Greater Israel," which includes the Palestinian lands known by observant Zionists as "Judea and Samaria." The fundamentalist strain represented by Bennett derives the borders of this expanded Jewish state from the Old Testament, which promises all these lands to the Israelites unto eternity.
As to how this radical expansion would alter the Jewish character of the Israeli state, that's a question Bennett prefers not to answer: "What do we do in the long term? I don't know."
But of course they do know: they just prefers not to say, out loud, that a future Greater Israel will expel all the "Israeli" Arabs, just like their coalition partners in the former Molodet party have long advocated. Their Jewish Home party absorbed the Molodet faction of the extremist "National Union" – which openly advocated ethnic cleansing – at its founding in 2008, and their followers know just what they mean.
Bennett is, in short, an extremist on the order of the late Rabbi Meir Kahane, whose hatred of Arabs (and African refugees) is being cleverly marketed to a younger crowd, and whose foreign policy views make Netanyahu look like a left-winger. Bennett knows Netanyahu well: they served as Bibi's chief of staff when the Likud leader was in opposition, and the two will no doubt be reunited after the upcoming elections in a new government, where Bennett will probably be in the cabinet as Housing Minister.
Born in Haifa to American parents who emigrated from San Francisco after the Six Day War, Bennett founded a hi-tech company in New York, where they lived for four years, making millions and then taking off for Israel, where they reinvented themselves as an ultra-nationalist political activist. After their stint with Netanyahu, they joined the settler movement – although they prefer to live in a wealthy suburb of Tel Aviv – as head of the Yesha Council, and later joined the National Religious Party after a bitter falling out with Netanyahu over the settlements. They managed to take over the NRP in a primary election, and now seeks to revamp this crucible of ultra-Orthodox obscurantism, rebranding it as "young" and "modern," with a special outreach to American immigrants.
Friends of Israel among American liberals aren't fooled. As Jeffrey Goldberg put it:
"The Jewish Home party advances an ideology that will bring about the destruction (the self-destruction) of Israel. The Jewish Home party seeks to erase the dividing line between Israel and the West Bank; it seeks to build more and more settlements; it seeks to absorb the West Bank's Arabs into Israel as, at the most, second-class citizens. It seeks to empower Orthodox religious nationalism as the dominant ideology of the state turn Israel into the Jewish equivalent of a sharia state. And its policies would turn Israel into a pariah state, and Israel will not survive for the long-term as a pariah state."
Sadly, it doesn't look like Goldberg's views have any influence in Israel, where they once served in the IDF. Instead, the Israeli electorate is moving with frightening speed to the ultra-nationalist right. This trend lifted up a former bouncer and outright fascist, Avigdor Lieberman, to the Israeli Foreign Ministry, and made it necessary for Netanyahu to court the ultras and then merge their Likud party with Lieberman's Yisrael Benteinu outfit.
I've been warning about the rise of Israel's Taliban for years, but back then nobody was listening. That well-known friends of Israel on the order of Jeffrey Goldberg are now waking up to the threat (not, I might add, due to my puny efforts) is heartening – but perhaps too late to do any good. The Jewish state is headed down a path that will lead to its own destruction, and it is going at top speed. This will inevitably bring it into collision with American policymakers – who, by the way, are just as responsible as Israel's rightist demagogues for this appalling state of affairs. As I wrote back in 2002:
"The Israeli Taliban could easily be reined in, and nipped in the bud by US policymakers – but for the exertions of Likud's American supporters. Ensconced in both parties – allied with the Christian Right and the New Republic liberals – uncritical supporters of Israel dominate the national discourse on the Middle East. Wrapped in a protective shield, and subsidized to the tune of $3 billion a year by US taxpayers, the worst elements in Israeli society are coming to the fore, and pose a direct danger not only to US interests, but to the whole region."
We are subsidizing not only the "settlements," which sit on stolen land and make a two-state solution increasingly impossible, but we are also paying for the Israeli equivalent of the Taliban's madrassas, where Jewish fundamentalists receive religious instruction (and are exempt from military service). These schools, which are breeding grounds for right-wing extremism, receive direct subsidies from the Israel government: without billions in US taxpayer dollars, these outfits would soon be out of business.
The slick effort to market Bennett as the "fresh" face of religious and political extremism is no more convincing to most American observers than was David Duke‘s "makeover," which catapulted them to temporary success in Louisiana politics, some years ago: in the Israeli context, however, Bennett's makeover of a party of dangerous fanatics is succeeding all too well. Polls show Bennett's party will gain as many as 15 seats in the upcoming elections, making it the third largest in the Knesset. The youthful demagogue will no doubt join Bibi's cabinet, filling the void left by Avigdor Lieberman, whose legal troubles have brought them down.
It isn't just that Bennett's revamped version of Kahanism is entering the Israeli mainstream – it's that their support for openly racist policies (no Africans!) and ultra-nationalist rhetoric is the mainstream, these days. Netanyahu, for their part, is moving with the tide – because only a statesman would swim against the stream, and Israel's Prime Minister is very far from that.
America's "special relationship" with Israel is based on shared values: that is the core of the alliance that has succored and strengthened the Jewish state, often at the expense of its neighbors and its Arab helots, over many years. When Americans come to realize that these values of democracy, equality, and liberty are frayed to the breaking point on the Israeli side, that's when Israel will lose the public support which is so vital to the Jewish state's continued survival. Given the continued upward trajectory of Bennett and their party, that day is not far.
NOTES IN THE MARGIN
Still no word on the nomination of Chuck Hagel to head up the Pentagon, and so – as of this writing – the smear campaign is still in full swing. As is the spirited defense of Hagel, which has been launched by a coalition of liberals, conservative "realists," and libertarian anti-interventionists. The White House petition in support of Hagel, as of this very moment (Thursday, at ten in the morning), stands at 2,038 signatures. Many thanks to those who have signed. Please, if you haven't already, go here to defeat the neocon smear campaign and affix your signature to this important effort.
You can follow me on Twitter here.
Here is the link for buying the second edition of my 1993 book, Reclaiming the American Right: The Lost Legacy of the Conservative Movement, with an Introduction by Prof. George W. Carey, a Forward by Patrick J. Buchanan, and critical essays by Scott Richert and David Gordon.
Buy my biography of the great libertarian thinker, An Enemy of the State: The Life of Murray N. Rothbard, here.
Read more by Justin Raimondo
Police were called to a fight between parents at a youth soccer tournament in Barrie, Ont., Saturday.
The fight involved verbal and some physical confrontations between an estimated 30 people, including parents, at the Victoria Woods soccer field on Lillian Crescent, said Barrie police.
The fight was a result of a call made during a boys' under-14 game involving teams from the Kitchener Soccer Club and the Barrie Soccer Club. Parents on the sidelines disagreed with the referee's call and things escalated when one of the parents directed a racial slur at a black family from Kitchener, said Sgt. Curt Phillips of the Barrie Police.
"The parents of both teams had an opinion of what was happening on the field and they got in a confrontation about it," said Kim Nicholl, administrative consultant for the Barrie Soccer Club.
Officials from the Barrie Soccer Club, who were hosting the tournament for teams from across Ontario, called police who arrived at the scene and broke up the fight.
No charges have been laid, but the Barrie Soccer Club said they will be speaking with parents.
Here's another reason to double, triple, quadruple-check yourself when you want to add a new feature. A while back Netflix added a “Profiles” feature to their service. A couple weeks ago, they decided to pull the feature because it was too confusing and it wasn't adding value. But it was too late. People were pissed. The blog post received 1286 comments. In the face of this reaction, Netflix had to turn 180 and keep the feature. Whether Netflix Profiles are good or bad, clear or confusing, they're here to stay.
The lesson: Once your user base has grown beyond a certain point, you cannot take features away from them. They will freak out. Whether the feature is good or bad, once you launch it you've married it. This changes the economics of feature additions. If you can't destroy what you build, each addition holds the threat of clutter. Empty pixels and free space where a new feature could be added are the most valuable real estate on your app. Don't be quick to sell it, because you can never get it back.
White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus (R) and White House Chief Strategist Steve Bannon (L) arrive on stage for a conversation during the Conservative Political Action Conference at the Gaylord National Resort and Convention Center February 23, 2017 in National Harbor, Maryland. Alex Wong/Getty Images President Donald Trump appeared to paint a brighter picture of White House chief strategist Steve Bannon's current posture in their administration, one that has been depicted in recent months as being riddled with deep divisions and infighting among senior staff.
"Bannon is a very decent guy who feels very strongly about the country," Trump said in a Bloomberg report on Monday. "And they're getting along fine."
Although Trump acknowledged there had been some unrest inside of their White House, they attempted to establish that all of the key players; including Bannon, chief of staff Reince Priebus, counselor Kellyanne Conway, and press secretary Sean Spicer, would be retaining their roles in the administration.
"We have a lot of people that are getting along well," said Trump. "It's coming out better now than it was, you know, for a while. And for a while it was a little testy, I guess for some of them, but I said, 'You've got to get your acts together."
Much of the perceived turmoil at the White House appeared to involve Bannon and Priebus, who attempted to dispel those rumors during an appearance at the Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in February.
Bannon, a hard-lining conservative with nationalistic leanings, added to the speculation of an imminent departure, when reports surfaced about their alleged conflicts with Jared Kushner, Trump's son-in-law and senior adviser.
"Here's the reason there's no middle ground," Bannon was alleged to have said to Kushner, according to The New York Times. "You're a Democrat."
But a dismissal was already in order for Bannon. On April 4, Bannon was removed from the National Security Council's principals' committee, a forum reserved only for high-ranking officials to help shape the president's intelligence agenda. Bannon's representatives remain adamant that their position on the committee was only meant to be temporary: they were merely brought on to "deoperationalize" it, and to keep an eye on former national security adviser Mike Flynn, who was eventually fired.
Still, after a "marriage counseling" session between Bannon and Kushner, Trump asserted that Bannon has gotten a "bad rap,"and has resolved their differences amicably with other staff, according to Bloomberg.
"Now, I will tell you, probably people are going to get job offers," Trump said to Bloomberg. "You know, things happen. But I'm very happy with our group. We're doing very well."
Microsoft said this morning that the European Commission had issued a statement saying that its “preliminary view” was that the inclusion of Internet Explorer in its operating systems violated European aw.
In December 2007, Opera Software, which makes the Opera browser, filed a complaint against Microsoft in Europe, accusing the company of abusing the dominance of Windows to give Internet Explorer an unfair edge there.
The bundling of Internet Explorer and Windows was also a central issue in Microsoft's U.S. antitrust case.
Microsoft said it had received a statement from the European Commission Thursday saying that other browsers could not compete with Internet Explorer because Internet Explorer was packaged with Windows.
In a statement, Microsoft said, “We are committed to conducting our business in full compliance with European law. We are studying the Statement of Objections now.”
Microsoft will be able to respond in writing and also request a hearing.
A final response from the European Commission will not be issued until then.
It is worth noting that despite the bundling, Internet Explorer's market share in Europe continues to drop.
In November, Internet Explorer had 59.5 percent of the market to Firefox's 31.1 percent, according to xiTi Monitor. That's a much smaller margin than in the U.S., where Internet Explorer has 68 percent of the market to Firefox's 21 percent.
Opera is a small player in both markets, with 5.1 percent market share in Europe and just 0.62 percent in the U.S.
More on the Opera complaint:
"Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" is warmer, "Beauty and the Beast" received an Oscar nomination for best picture and "Aladdin" has grossed more money on its initial release, but "Pinocchio" still ranks as the most perfectly executed of the Disney animated features--which means it's probably the best feature in the history of animation. Made by young artists at the height of their creative powers, "Pinocchio" shimmers with energy and excitement.
The laser disc, struck from the restored version of the film, showcases the glorious colors and intricate designs that were lost in dark or faded theatrical prints. The lavishly packaged deluxe edition ($100: three discs, a booklet, a commemorative lithograph and a CD of the soundtrack) includes a supplementary disc, "The Making of a Masterpiece" (17 chapters), that tells the viewer considerably less than it should about the creation of one of the milestones in American film.
Robby Benson, the voice of Beast, serves as the warmly genial host of Side One. Although there are a few errors in the script ("Snow White" was not "the first full-length animated feature"), the real problem lies in the superficiality of the presentation.
The narration notes that the undersea sequences posed special challenges, and explains that the camera operators used ripple glass to suggest waves. But no mention is made of the difficulties the animators faced trying to make their characters move in an underwater environment: Capturing the effects of gravity is a key principle of Disney animation. Nor does the viewer learn about the problems of making Pinocchio and Jiminy sound as if they were underwater. Dick Jones, the voice of Pinocchio, nearly drowned when they tried to read their lines lying on their back while a director poured water into their mouth.
“Known affectionately around the nation as the Volkswagen ‘Camper', the Type 2 is loved universally loved for its style and quirky weekend getaway intentions.”
As motoring icons for the masses are concerned there is very little that can eclipse the Volkswagen Type 2. Known affectionately around the nation as the Volkswagen ‘Camper', the Type 2 is loved universally loved for its style and quirky weekend getaway intentions. It doesn't take much to understand why the cultural camper van boom has had a positive effect on values but it is interesting just how significant this rise has been.
Deriving from the Beetle, the Type 2 was Volkswagen's second vehicle produced and was one of the world's first modern cargo and passenger vans. The Type two had very similar underpinnings to they Beetle which in recent years has made them favourable amongst tuning communities and has built up a strong network of enthusiasts.
When production began in 1950 there were 12 variants of the Type 2 available and the Type 2 is still being made to this day. Now in its 6th (T6) iteration, the iconic Volkswagen is universally recognised even if the platform has changed in both shape and name. We are going to examine the prices at auction of the early Type 2s, mainly the first and second generations to see just by how much their prices have changed as this old workhorse becomes a cult classic.
SEARCH CLASSIC CAR AUCTION RESULTS BY MAKE AND MODEL
Year (Optional) Please select 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905 1904 1903 1902 1901 1900 1899 1898 1897 1896 1895 1894 1893 1892 1891 1890 1889 1888 1886 1885 1884 1880 1879 1873 1871 1868 1867 1861 1860 1856 1855 1850 1840 1800 - Please select 2018 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 2009 2008 2007 2006 2005 2004 2003 2002 2001 2000 1999 1998 1997 1996 1995 1994 1993 1992 1991 1990 1989 1988 1987 1986 1985 1984 1983 1982 1981 1980 1979 1978 1977 1976 1975 1974 1973 1972 1971 1970 1969 1968 1967 1966 1965 1964 1963 1962 1961 1960 1959 1958 1957 1956 1955 1954 1953 1952 1951 1950 1949 1948 1947 1946 1945 1944 1943 1942 1941 1940 1939 1938 1937 1936 1935 1934 1933 1932 1931 1930 1929 1928 1927 1926 1925 1924 1923 1922 1921 1920 1919 1918 1917 1916 1915 1914 1913 1912 1911 1910 1909 1908 1907 1906 1905 1904 1903 1902 1901 1900 1899 1898 1897 1896 1895 1894 1893 1892 1891 1890 1889 1888 1886 1885 1884 1880 1879 1873 1871 1868 1867 1861 1860 1856 1855 1850 1840 1800 Price (Optional) -
Share Reset
Featured unsold and upcoming lots
× Instruction ...
× Your search has been saved
Table of Results PAST AUCTION FUTURE AUCTION Car Image Auction house Auction date Value Car Image Auction house Auction date Low Estimate High Estimate
What we can see from the values above are befitting of most cars that undergo a boom in popularity, with prices only really taking off in the last two years. Before 2015 values seemed almost capped at £30,000 and then after that soaring ever upwards with one passing the £100,000 mark! Post 2015 we see that the models commanding serious premiums are the restored models that fit the ‘classic camper van' idyll with the S1 ‘Split screen'.
At odds to the classic car norms, it appears that buyers of the Type 2 are more in favour of restored and improved models rather than matching numbers originals. Understandable, really, as bedding down on 60 years and multiple owners worth of camper vans might not be to everyone's tastes.
Style may well be winning over substance for the Type 2 and this charming VW displays a side of the market that we rarely think of or want to acknowledge in a world of appreciating assets, the side where they're being traded simply for their looks. It appears that more and more are changing hands and that well specced and well restored Type 2s are worth one hell of a lot of money. There's still a way in at the bottom end to bag a nice one and do it up if you're that way inclined, and make a very pretty penny in the retro Campervan market.
On Monday Disney and Dish Network signed a long-term agreement that could change the way we watch TV. The deal gives Dish the right to offer Disney channels, like ABC and as importantly, ESPN, online. Although the details haven't been worked out, Dish could, at some point in the near future, sell the package of Disney channels to viewers who aren't Dish subscribers as a standalone option.
This would be a huge development and one that other video providers would be pressured to imitate. Disney offers a slew of Watch apps that let authenticated users watch Disney shows on tablets and mobile phones. But the authentication is the key here. You have to already be a subscriber to a cable company, like Comcast or Cablevision, in order to access the app.
Under the new deal with Dish, the satellite provider has the right to deliver the stations online only.
Dish CEO Charlie Ergen ( who ranks 65th on our Billionaires list with $15 billion) hasn't been shy about their OTT ambitions. OTT just means offering video service in a way other than traditional cable, FIOS or satellite. In a recent conference call they said:
At some point in time, at some point in time, the video business, as we know today, will change dramatically enough that it will go from the mature -- the current business will go from mature business to a declining business. And hopefully, we'll make up for that, right, in an over-the-top business or a wireless business or other businesses that make sense.
As a trade off to Disney for the extended rights, Dish will shut off its AutoHop function (which allows users to skip commercials) on Disney shows that are being watched within three days of the show airing live. That three-day window is important because right now, advertisers buy time based on how many people watch a show up to three days after it airs.
That's a huge concession considering ABC and other networks had taken Dish to court over the service. Suddenly, AutoHop looks like more than just a clever service to appeal to subscribers, it looks like a bargaining chip.
So could Dish be about to challenge the cable status quo with a national online offering? There are a few stumbling blocks to that future. One is that Dish doesn't have a real broadband offering. Subscribers who take advantage of the company's online services, like PrimeTime Anywhere which allows authenticated users to watch live TV on their tablets and phones, are paying for a cable or telco company to provide broadband or phone service. Even if Dish offered a pure Internet video service, subscribers would have to pay separately for Internet access.
One possible solution: a partnership with Verizon. BTIG analyst Walter Piecyk says such a deal would make sense, especially now that Comcast and Time Warner have opened the video consolidation floodgates. Verizon only has 5 million video customers but it already has a broadband service and its getting into the OTT game with the company's recent purchase of Intel Media's online video service. Dish has 14 million customers, existing relationships with all of the major content players and the ability to use its AutoHop chip to negotiate online only deals. From their report (registration required):
Verizon could negotiate with Disney by themselves but we suspect Ergen would be able to secure a better deal given the leverage of their larger customer base and a concession on hopper advertising. Verizon is obviously not going to buy Dish just for its better OTT rights but it is incremental. Dish also offers Verizon a service organization outside of FiOS areas that could help Verizon deploy wireless broadband and service an OTT customer base.
Dish could also be gobbled up by a deep-pocketed tech company looking to get into the video game. Apple and Google are playing around the edges of this space, a big purchase could make either company a real contender.
The bottom line is that customers who want to watch only the stations they really want (instead of a package of networks) and want to watch online instead of through a cable are becoming more important to video companies and that should ultimate be good for consumers.
Follow me at DorothyatForbes.
Breakthrough in obesity battle as scientists discover molecule in the heart that speeds up metabolism
Scientists believe they have discovered a way to 'turn off' obesity in humans, by manipulating proteins found in the heart.
University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center researchers have demonstrated, for the first time, that the heart can regulate energy balance in the entire body.
The breakthrough could lead to effective treatments for obesity in humans as well as for diabetes and heart disease.
Breakthrough: Scientists in Texas believe they have found a way to 'turn off' obesity.
'We discovered a protein that's expressed in the heart, it's a protein called MED 13, and it turns out that this protein regulates metabolism in the whole body,' UT Southwestern chairperson of molecular biology Dr Eric Olson told CBSDFW.com .
Researchers fed mice a diet laden in fat, then ‘turned on' the protein and found that, despite their high calorie intake, the mice stayed lean as long as the protein was ‘activated'.
The mice also showed an increase in energy expenditure. When the protein was removed the mice became obese.
Turning on the molecule also protected the mice against harmful blood-sugar changes associated with type 2 diabetes.
'Of course we went back and said ‘wait a minute we better check this again' and have done it many times,' Olson said.
Study: Researchers found the mice stayed lean as long as the MED 13 protein was activated.
'It was really unexpected. We didn't go into this looking for a way to treat obesity, it just was a serendipitous observation.'
Not only did scientists find they could make the mice 'resistant to obesity' but the study showed they could treat many of the other aspects of abnormal metabolism such as the struggle to lower cholesterol and improve glucose handling in these animals.
UT Southwestern are now using the protein to develop an obesity drug that might also be used to combat high cholesterol and Type 2 Diabetes.
But the drug is still a long way from being tested in humans, let alone hitting shelves, researchers said.
'Obesity, diabetes, and coronary artery disease are major causes of human death and disability, and they are all connected to metabolism,' Olson said.
It's no tall tale. An Argentinian lizard has set a record when it comes to regeneration: it has regrown six tails following an injury.
Many lizards can regenerate their tails after being injured or shedding them as a defence strategy to escape predators. In response to a threat, tails can be voluntarily detached at a specific fracture plane in vertebrae. Bleeding is quickly shut off, the tail stubs heal rapidly and regeneration begins.
In some cases, the tail breaks but doesn't detach completely, leading to the regenerated tail having two or even three tips.
Advertisement
But “this is the first case of ‘hexafurcation' ever reported”, says Nicolás Pelegrin, who has reported the discovery along with Suelem Muniz Leão. Both are at the Institute of Animal Diversity and Ecology (CONICET-UNC) in Córdoba, Argentina.
“It is not difficult to find scientific reports on lizards with two and even three tails, but there is no information available on cases like this,” Pelegrin says.
The young black and white tegu, Salvator merianae, was brought to Pelegrin by environmental police officers because of its injuries. “I was very surprised when I saw it,” Pelegrin says. “This was the first time I saw a lizard with more than three tails.”
The tegu had a severe injury along the tail. The wound, probably from a sharp object, wasn't deep enough for the tail to detach completely, but it seems to have been deep enough to stimulate several points in the animal's vertebrae where regeneration occurs.
While the benefits of living through a potentially deadly attack are obvious, the costs of regrowing multiple tails are uncertain. Such tails can probably hamper a lizard's movement, social signalling and reproduction, says Pelegrin.
Journal reference: Cuadernos de Herpetología
Read more: “The matrix: The secret to superhealing regeneration”
Image credit: Nicolás Pelegrin
poster="http://v.politico.com/images/1155968404/201707/3674/1155968404_5511428381001_5511411925001-vs.jpg?pubId=1155968404" true New GOP plan to repeal Obamacare meets fatal opposition At least three Republican senators announced their opposition to Mitch McConnell's plan to repeal the health law without a replacement, effectively dooming the effort.
Senate Republicans' Plan B to gut Obamacare is poised for failure, as three GOP senators said Tuesday they will vote against a procedural motion to advance repeal of the health law without a replacement — effectively dooming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's latest effort.
The opposition from GOP Sens. Shelley Moore Capito, Lisa Murkowski and Susan Collins came a day after Senate Republicans' bill to replace Obamacare collapsed, and further imperiled President Donald Trump's vow to dismantle the health law.
Story Continued Below
But McConnell said Tuesday evening that they would hold a vote to proceed to the bill "early next week," which would put senators on the record even if the vote's outcome was preordained. McConnell said the vote was "at the request of the president and vice president and after consulting with our members."
Trump is also launching a renewed push to try and revive the GOP's near-dead efforts to repeal Obamacare by inviting all Senate Republicans to the White House for lunch Wednesday. They believe they can get an agreement to move forward by twisting arms and negotiating himself, according to sources familiar with the matter, although Senate Republicans are not optimistic.
Meanwhile, Sen. Lamar Alexander, who leads a committee that oversees health care, said they would schedule hearings on repairs to the health care system as soon as the vote is held. And senators who are former governors are again preparing bipartisan talks on health care.
McConnell's earlier promise to bring up a 2015 bill taking down major parts of Obamacare flipped at least two “no” votes: Sens. Jerry Moran (R-Kan.) and Mike Lee (R-Utah), whose opposition torpedoed the GOP's health bill on Monday night.
But while Trump and conservatives clamored to resurrect the bill that was vetoed by President Barack Obama, other Republicans hailing from states that benefited from the 2010 health law quickly threw up opposition to repealing it without a replacement.
Sign up here for POLITICO Huddle A daily play-by-play of congressional news in your inbox. Email Sign Up By signing up you agree to receive email newsletters or alerts from POLITICO. You can unsubscribe at any time.
"As I have said before, I did not come to Washington to hurt people," Capito of West Virginia said. "I cannot vote to repeal Obamacare without a replacement plan that addresses my concerns and the needs of West Virginians.”
"I said back in January that if we are going to repeal we have to do a replacement," said Murkowski of Alaska. Collins of Maine, the only Republican senator still in office who voted against the 2015 plan, also confirmed that they would still oppose proceeding to the bill.
With those votes against the motion, McConnell would not have the 50 votes they need to begin debate.
Trump appeared resigned to defeat Tuesday and sought to blame Democrats for any future problems with the health system, perhaps in hopes of bringing them to the negotiating table.
“Let Obamacare fail," they told reporters. "It'll be a lot easier, and I think we're probably in that position where we'll just let Obamacare fail. We're not going to own it. I'm not going to own it. I can tell you the Republicans are not going to own it.”
If the bill fails, the Senate HELP Committee will hold hearings before the August recess on potential bipartisan solutions for people who could have no insurance options next year, Alexander told reporters. They said they want the Senate to vote "promptly" on the Obamacare repeal bill.
"However the vote comes out, my main concern is the 350,000 Tennesseans and 18 million Americans who might have zero options for health insurance in 2018 and '19," they said.
Elsewhere in the Senate, lawmakers were beginning to ramp up bipartisan efforts on health care. Sens. Joe Manchin (D-W.Va.) and Mike Rounds (R-S.D.) were rounding up senators who are former governors for a meeting as early as Tuesday evening.
"We're going to be talking about what we can do," Rounds told reporters. "I think we look at it pretty pragmatically."
Several senators who have been on the fence on the repeal effort, such as Sens. Rob Portman (R-Ohio) and Dean Heller (R-Nev.), also declined to say how they would vote on motion to proceed, but few predicted success earlier Tuesday.
“We have about five, six people at least that have indicated they're going to vote no on that,” said Sen. Pat Roberts (R-Kan.).
Portman, who like Capito is worried about massive Medicaid cuts and voted for the 2015 measure, aired concerns about doing a repeal-only bill.
“We have to look and see what the so-called repeal bill entails,” Portman said on MSNBC. “But if it is a bill that simply repeals, I believe that will add to more uncertainty and the potential for Ohioans to pay even higher premiums, higher deductibles, and so we'll have to see.”
Other Republican senators said they were undecided on whether to proceed to the health care measure. The bill that was passed by the Senate in 2015 would get rid of Obamacare's medical device and Cadillac taxes, as well as the Medicaid expansion and subsidies that help consumers buy insurance. The bill would delay repeal for two years, in order to give lawmakers more time to come up with a replacement.
The bill would also effectively cancel the individual and employer mandates by making the associated fines $0, while defunding Planned Parenthood for one year.
“We will find out” whether Republicans have the votes on the 2015 bill, said Senate Majority Whip John Cornyn of Texas. “We passed it once and President Obama [vetoed] it, but I think that's one of the purposes of having the vote soon, is to find out where the votes are and where we go from here.”
Sen. Tom Cotton (R-Ark.) also took a shot at some of their colleagues in an interview with conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt Tuesday, saying, "I don't see how any Republican senator who voted just 18 months ago for this very piece of legislation could now flip-flop."
First, 50 GOP senators must decide to vote to open debate on the House-passed health bill before senators can consider the 2015 repeal effort as an amendment. Lee and Moran were among four GOP senators, including Collins and Rand Paul of Kentucky, opposed even opening debate on McConnell's bill.
An aide to Paul said they were “encouraged by the decision to move to a clean repeal bill.”
But Lee is seeking assurances that the Obamacare repeal version that passed in 2015 would be the final product now, a spokesperson said. Moran, while saying they would vote to advance the new health care effort, added that they hope “that then lends itself to full legislative consideration, hearings and committee action.”
McConnell initially delayed votes because of the absence of Sen. John McCain (R-Ariz.), who is recovering at home after surgery to remove a blood clot.
“It's a much tougher process than people thought it was,” Senate Finance Committee Chairman Orrin Hatch (R-Utah) said of the GOP's struggles. “We do have people with different points of view even though the vast majority of Republicans would like to get rid of Obamacare.”
Brent Griffiths, John Bresnahan and Jacob Lahut contributed to this report.
The small farming community of Hato Arriba doesn't appear on most maps of Venezuela. About three hours drive from the small city of Tocuyo in the western state of Lara, the agricultural settlement is tucked away in the Andes mountains and boasts a population of approximately 500 families. Public transportation to the settlement leaves only once a day from the nearest urban center and has the capacity to accommodate about six people.
Yet, despite its emphatically rural character and its lack of a steady Internet connection, Hato Arriba, like many of the agrarian caserios in this part of Venezuela, is an example of the kind of 21st century socialism that the government of Hugo Chavez has been promoting since 2005.
With one major dirt road that traverses its modest geography, Hato Arriba is home to no less than ten community councils - grassroots organizations of popular democracy created by the Chavez administration to facilitate greater access to political power for the country's population.
Community councils in Venezuela have the constitutional right to petition the national Executive for development projects and services in order to improve the quality of life for those represented by the neighbourhood organization. It is through the community councils that the inhabitants of Hato Arriba have been able to attain agricultural credits, greater electricity services, literacy programs, a subsidized food market, and a number of new grammar schools.
“Since about seven years ago, one of the advances that we've seen from the revolutionary process is the decentralization of power through the formation of community councils. We're seeing a break with the model where the [urban centers] control development. There is a new kind of horizontalism where every space has its own importance, particularities and necessities”, explained Carlos Bastia, a community leader of farming community.
Currently, a major project of the residents of this hamlet and its neighboring villages has been the consolidation of what is denominated as “the Commune in Construction”, an umbrella organization that attempts to link the different community councils of any given region under a single banner.
In the case of Hato Arriba, the Commune in Construction is attempting to join together with six other nearby settlements in order to amplify residents' voice, satisfy local needs, and achieve greater autonomy from the bureaucratic structures that can obstruct progressive change at the regional level.
This, according to Bastia, is the final objective of the communes - foster local, democratic self-governance that empowers communities and lessens the role of the state over time.
Breaking the Sound Barrier
Last Sunday, Hato Arriba took a further step towards consolidating its commune when the community celebrated the launch of a new grassroots radio station that that has the capacity to reach all six of the surrounding caserios.
The initiative is part of a community media movement in Venezuela, which over the past ten years has seen a profound democratization of the airwaves.
Sunday's inauguration in Hato Arriba took place in a local grammar school and was the site of a festive environment that saw the performance of local music groups, traditional dancing, raffles, and the cooking of a community stew known in Venezuela as sancocho.
“For us, it's a great pleasure to see this radio operational because through it we're going to be able to communicate and let the people know everything that is happening politically socially and culturally in this area”, said Norkys Dugarte, a community member and spokesperson for Hato Arriba's community council.
One of the fundamental aspects of the new radio station, as explained by Dugarte, is the emphasis that it places, not only on the construction of the commune, but also on the political and social role that women are playing in the communities.
Yanahir Reyes, a gender activist working in popular education in the caserio, commented on the heightened need for media programming in areas such as Hato Arriba that deals specifically with the issues faced by women and girls. “The beautiful thing about this community is that we're linking different struggles. All of this has been a process that has taken time and the radio is a tool that is going to help us change paradigms”, Reyes said.
Reyes, who works with mothers and children as part of a Ministry of Education program mentioned that initiatives like the new station have the potential to break with traditional, male-dominated practices and empower women to take a more active role in shaping the politics of their communities.
“The women of this community have been underestimated and have been told that we aren't capable of putting together a radio station, that we don't know how to use microphones or a transmitter. We believe that this radio is fundamental for us to be recognized and valued so that people understand that we aren't this kind of women that appear in magazines or beer commercials”, they asserted.
Although the radio inauguration could be considered a small development in light of the wider revolutionary process taking place in Venezuela, the residents involved in the erection of the new station see the event as another important advancement towards the building of a new ideal for their community.
It is their contribution, or “grain of sand” as is commonly said in Spanish, to a greater vision that sees Venezuela and Latin America moving further away from an externally- imposed development model and closer to the local communities and heritages that make up the essence of the country's character.
Advertisement
Pushbullet was one of the best things to happen to Android in a while — it offered utilities like quickly transferring files between devices, sending SMS messages from your PC, and even setting chore reminders 9 Smartphone IFTTT Tricks to Make Your Life 100x Easier 9 Smartphone IFTTT Tricks to Make Your Life 100x Easier IFTTT lets you automate aspects of your life without requiring any technical knowledge whatsoever. Here are some quick IFTTT smartphone tricks that can ease the stresses of everyday life. Read More — but the bad news is that Pushbullet is no longer free.
Well, technically there is still a free version, but it's so gutted and crippled compared to what was previously available that it feels insulting to use, and if you want to make use of the Pro features, the price is just obscene ($5 per month).
Fortunately, there are several free alternatives that you can turn to if Pushbullet has left a sour taste in your mouth.
Similarities: Remote SMS, mirrored notifications, file transfers.
If you're looking for an app that's basically “Pushbullet but not Pushbullet”, then AirDroid is the one you want. Whatever Pushbullet can do, AirDroid can do as well: mirrored notifications, file and folder transfers, remote dialing, and more.
In fact, AirDroid can do some things that Pushbullet can't, including the ability to view your camera remotely from your computer, take photos of people trying to break into your phone, and dial your phone remotely.
The downsides to AirDroid are that it isn't as user-friendly as Pushbullet when it comes to setup and operation, and it also has a paywall like Pushbullet. However, the $2 per month cost of AirDroid is far more reasonable.
Similarities: Remote SMS, mirrored notifications, accept/reject calls.
It's no coincidence that Pushline's name is so similar to Pushbullet — the former is basically a clone (or knockoff) of the latter, except completely free. Seriously: no advertisements, no in-app purchases, and no premium version.
It has most of Pushbullet's features, including mirrored notifications to other devices, writing and replying to SMS messages remotely, sending notes/links/websites between devices, and synchronizing your phone's clipboard with your desktop's.
Unfortunately, it doesn't yet have support for file transfers. However, it can make/accept/reject calls remotely, mute/unmute your phone remotely, and even find your phone if you happen to lose it Find My iPhone for Android? Meet Android Device Manager Find My iPhone for Android? Meet Android Device Manager Jealous of the iPhone's Find My iPhone app? Well, lucky for you there's an equally awesome app for Android called the Android Device Manager! Let's take a look at it. Read More .
Similarities: Remote SMS, mirrored notifications.
MightyText consistently remains one of our preferred ways to send free SMS messages from your PC How to Send a Free SMS Text Message from Your Windows PC How to Send a Free SMS Text Message from Your Windows PC Do you avoid sending text messages from your phone? How much more convenient would it be to send them from your computer? We have compiled the best desktop tools to send text messages for free. Read More , but the catch is that MightyText is a browser solution rather than a desktop solution like Pushbullet. If that's a dealbreaker for you, then go ahead and skip to the next one.
MightyText allows the synchronization of notifications, photos, videos, and SMS messages between your Android phone, Android tablets, and desktop browsers (Chrome, Firefox, Opera, Safari, and IE), and it allows you to send SMS messages from connected devices. It's free with a 500-per-month message limit.
There is a Pro version that unlocks a few advanced features: scheduled SMS messages, bulk messaging to multiple contacts, sending SMS messages by email, SMS message templates, blocking numbers, no limits, no ads, and more. The $5 per month cost is a bit steep, though.
Similarities: Remote SMS, mirrored notifications.
Like MightyText, Yappy (formerly Endless Jabber) is a way to synchronize your Android phone with your Android tablets and desktop PCs through the Yappy web app (extensions only exist for Chrome and Firefox).
Feature-wise, Yappy is simpler than MightyText: it can send and receive encrypted SMS messages, synchronize notifications, and initiate calls remotely. That's about it, but if those were the only Pushbullet features you were using, then Yappy is the ideal alternative for you.
Yappy's free version has no message limit, which gives it a slight edge over MightyText, but it has ads and only retains messages for 14 days. The Pro version removes ads, has unlimited message retention (making it good for SMS backups), allows message scheduling and searching, and more for just $2 per month.
Similarities: Remote SMS, desktop app.
Here's yet another app that synchronizes SMS messages from your Android phone to your Android tablets, iPads, and desktop computers — but unlike MightyText and Yappy, MySMS provides desktop apps in addition to a web app (but only for Windows and Mac).
Unfortunately, the features are pretty limited. Apart from sending and receiving messages remotely, you can get notified when your phone receives a call. At least there's no limit on how many messages you can send each month.
For $10 per year, you can upgrade to a Premium account that can backup and store messages, schedule message sending, archive messages to the cloud (Dropbox, Evernote, or Google Drive), export your entire SMS inbox, and manage calls from the computer. At less than $1 per month, that's not bad at all.
Similarities: File transfers.
Infinit is a neat little tool for people who used Pushbullet for its file transfer capabilities The Fastest File Transfer Methods Between PCs and Mobile Devices The Fastest File Transfer Methods Between PCs and Mobile Devices Are you transferring data between devices using the fastest methods? Here are the best ways to do cross-device file transfers. Read More rather than its SMS or notification features. With Infinit, sharing files from one device to another has never been easier.
The app is available for Android, iOS, Windows, Mac, and Linux, so you can rest assured that Infinit will work across all of your devices. It's easy to use, able to send files and folders, secured with encryption, and robust enough to detect disconnections and finish when your connection is reestablished.
Infinit's free account allows unlimited transfers with a size limit of 10 GB. You can increase that to 50 GB with a Plus account (either $6 or 2 friend invitations every month). For unlimited file sizes, you'll need the Professional account at $8.50 per month.
Similarities: File transfers.
Send Anywhere is like Infinit but arguably better, depending on which features are important to you. It's available as an app for desktops (Windows, Mac, Linux), mobile devices (Android, iOS, Windows Phone, Amazon Kindle), Chrome, and the web.
When you want to send a file, Send Anywhere uploads it to its servers and generates a six-digit key. Anyone can enter that key into Send Anywhere to begin downloading said file from the servers, but only if they enter it within 10 minutes. When the key expires, the file is deleted.
No sign-ups required, everything is done anonymously, and it's 100% free — there are absolutely no limits on the number of files or the size of files.
What's Your Pushbullet Alternative?
It's unfortunate that Pushbullet did what it did. All we can do now is hope that they alter their pricing model, which is unlikely, or move on to one of these replacement apps. It's a shame that only AirDroid and Pushline are close to being full stand-ins.
Notifications are a big deal, so once you've switched over to whichever alternative you like best, don't forget to further enhance your Android notification experience Enhance Your Android Notification Experience With Floatify Enhance Your Android Notification Experience With Floatify For an improved notification system that pops out at you, check out Floatify. Read More .
On the other hand, if all you wanted was a lighter-weight version of Pushbullet that only had the features you actually used (e.g. file transfers), then some of these apps may be exactly what you needed. In that case, go ahead and disable the notifications you don't need How to Disable Notifications from Any App in Android How to Disable Notifications from Any App in Android Getting annoying ad notifications on your Android device? Turn them off quickly and easily. Read More .
So which alternative are you going with? Or are you just going to stick with Pushbullet? Let us know what you're thinking in the comments below!
Hero Idea: Rob "n" Hood
Rob is a trapper (Jump/Speed Pad, Bear Trap, Caltrop, Fake Block ect) class Archer with an array of trick arrows.
Special Block { Shrapnel Trap } Places a landmine like block on the ground that when activated will deal damage to enemies near it. Enemies hit by this trap will take bonus damage from all other none Shrapnel Trap sources.
Passive { Sneak Attack } Rob Deals bonus damage if they attack the enemy from behind.
Special { Trick Arrows } Rob changes their Arrow Type
[ Piercing Arrow ] Fires an Arrow that Travels through the enemy and can hit up to 1 additional target. While aiming with piercing arrows, rob is not slowed. [Ammo = 15]
[ Venom Arrow ] Fire an Arrow that deals less damage then the Piercing arrow, but deals bonus damage over 5 seconds. It deals none-stacking poison damage over the duration.[Ammo = 10]
[ Grappling Arrow ] Fires an Arrow with a rope behind it. if it hits an enemy, Rob can attack again to reel them in. If it hits a wall, Rob can attack again to launch themselves toward the wall in an upwards arc (so they can fling themselves over walls) [Ammo = 3]
[ Exploding Arrow ] Fires an Arrow that deals massive damage and knocks back enemies. this arrow has significantly less range then the other arrows. [ Ammo = 3 ]
Primary Weapon [ Bow! ] The Bow Fires an arrow depending on the type equipped with the Active. Left click to Charge and release to fire. Right Click to aim. Damage is proportionate to time Charged up to a point. While Charging Rob will be slowed (except for Piercing Arrows)
Secondary Weapon [ Throwing Knives ] Primary Fire will slash with the knife dealing moderate damage. While Alternate Fire will throw the knive. If it hits from behind, it will slow the enemy.
Tool [ Staff ] Rob uses a Staff as their basic Tool for digging.
ALTERNATE TOOL [ Sword ] Rob could use a Sword instead of a Staff if that makes more sense.
Rob'n'Hood is obviously based off of Robin Hood. Their advance use in Bows makes them a deadly Hero. They bring damage and disruption to the field through heavy use of their Trick Arrows.
Hullabaloo
Friday, November 05, 2010
Griftopia
by tristero
I just finished reading Matt Taibbi's newest book, Griftopia, and it's wonderful. Taibbi has a bloggy sense of outrage and a Heifetz-level virtuosity in the proper employment of profanity to advance an argument.  They are also, despite their occasional digs (most well-deserved) - a liberal.  They are mostly, though, one helluva talented reporter. Matt's political/cultural beat for Rolling Stone has given them an opportunity to write in a thoroughly cynical voice but to do so, oddly enough, with an utterly sincere astonishment. Not too many people can pull off something as contradictory as that and make it seem perfectly natural - it really does take a kind of genius.
Here is an extraordinarily succinct - and outraged, and thoroughly entertaining - summary of the housing crisis:
…Almost everyone who touched that mountain turned out to be a crook of some kind. The mortgage brokers systematically falsified information on loan applications in order to secure bigger loans and hawked explosive option-ARM mortgages to people who either didn't understand them or, worse, did understand them and simply never intended to pay. The loan originators cranked out massive volumes of loans with plainly doctored applications, not giving a shit about whether or not the borrowers could pay, in a desperate search for short-term rebates and fees. The securitizers used harebrained math to turn crap mortgages into AAA-rated investments; the ratings agencies slgned off on that harebrained math and handed out those AAA ratings in order to keep the fees coming in and the bonuses for their executives high. But even the ratings agencies were blindsided by scammers who advertised and sold, openly, help in rigging FICO scores to make broke and busted borrowers look like good credit risks. The corrupt ratings agencies were undone by ratings corrupters!
Meanwhile, investment banks tried to stick pensioners and insurance companies with their toxic investments, or else they held on to their toxic investments and tried to rip off idiots like [AIG sleazeball] Joe Cassano by sticking them with the liability of default. But they were undone by the fact that Joe Cassano probably never even intended to pay off, just like the thousands of homeowners who bought too-big houses with optionARM mortgages and never intended to pay. And at the tail end of all this frantic lying, cheating, and scamming on all sides, during which time no good jobs were created and nothing except a few now-empty houses (good for nothing except depressing future home prices) got built, the final result is that we all ended up picking the tab, subsidizing all this crime and dishonesty and pessimism as a matter of national policy.
We paid for this instead of a generation of health insurance, or an alternative energy grid, or a brand-new system of roads and highways. With the $13-plus trillion we are estimated to ultimately spend on the bailouts, We could not only have bought and paid off every single subprime mortgage in the country (that would only have cost $1.4 trillion), we could have paid off every remaining mortgage of any kind in this country-and still have had enough money left over to buy a new house for every American who does not already have one.
But we didn't do that, and we didn't spend the money on anything else useful, either. Why? For a very good reason. Because we're no good anymore at building bridges and highways or coming up with brilliant innovations in energy or medicine. We're shit now at finishing massive public works projects or launching brilliant fairy-tale public policy ventures like the moon landing.
What are we good at? Robbing what's left. When it comes to that, we Americans have no peer. And when it came time to design the bailouts, a monster collective project spanning two presidential administrations that was every bit as vast and far-reaching (only not into the future but the past)) as Kennedy's trip to the moon, we showed It. Taibbi's attitude towards the political landscape of America in the Third Millenium is, in some ways, similar to Thomas Frank's, that there's a bait and switch being pulled, that the real action is not the social issues - it never is - but rather the money. The looting of America by the Biggest, Ballsiest Crooks Ever is the only genuinely important story. For Taibbi, the teabaggers' racism, sexism, xenophobia, libertarianism, and other extremisms seem to serve much the same function as geologists see for trees and grass: sure, it's striking sometimes, but ultimately, it's merely hair that covers the bald truth about the world. I'm not sure I entirely agree - but damn, when you read Matt describe what's really been going on, without any sugar coating or euphemisms, and with that throat-slittingly sharp style... damn if Taibbi doesn't have a point: Here's the real punch line. After playing an intimate role in three historic bubble catastrophes, after helping $5 trillion in wealth disappear from the NASDAQ in the early part of the 2000s, after pawning off thousands of toxic mortgages on pensioners and cities, after helping drive the price of gas up above $4.60 a gallon for half a year, and helping 100 million new people around the world join the ranks of the hungry, and securing tens of billions of taxpayer dollars through a series of bailouts, what did Goldman Sachs give back to the people of the United States in the year 2008?
Fourteen million dollars.
That is what the firm paid in taxes in 2008: an effective tax rate of exactly 1, read it, one, percent. The bank paid out $10 billion in compensation and bonuses that year and made a profit above $2 billion, and yet it paid the government less than a third of what it paid Lloyd Blankfein, who made $42.9 million in 2008.
How is this possible? According to its annual report, the low taxes are due in large part to changes in the bank's "geographic earnings mix." In other words, the bank moved its money around so that all of it earnings took place in foreign countries with low tax rates. Thanks to our completely fucked corporate tax system, companies like Goldman can ship their revenues offshore and defer taxes on those revenues indefinitely, even while they claim deductions up front on that same untaxed income. This is why any corporation with an at least occasionally sober accountant can usually find a way to pay no taxes at all. A Government Accountability Office report, in fact, found that between 1998 and 2005, two-thirds of all corporations operating in the United States paid no taxes at all.
This should be a pitchfork-level outrage- but somehow, when Goldman released its postbailout tax profile, barely anyone said a word: Congressman LLoyd Doggett of Texas was one of the few to remark upon the obscenity. "With the right hand begging for bailout money," they said, "the left is hiding it offshore." Finally, I thought I'd leave you with Taibbi's inspiring conclusion. It's as pure an expression of the unshakeable faith Matt Taibbi has in the capability of America's citizens to dig itself out of the mess the Biggest Assholes In The Universe created as ever we are likely to read: ...a country whose citizens purport to be mad as hell about growing government influence has still said little to nothing about that bizarre sequence of events in which the entire economy was rebuilt via this series of back-alley state-brokered mergers, which left fInancial power in America in the hands of just a few mostly unaccountable actors on Wall Street. We still know very little about what really went on during this period, who was calling whom, what bank was promised what. We need to see phone records, e-mails, correspondence, the minutes of meetings to know what the likes of Paulson and Geithner and Bernanke were doing during those key stretches of 2008.
But we probably never will,because the country increasingly is forgetting that any of this took place. The ability of its citizens to lose focus so quickly and to be distracted by everything from Lebronamania to the immigration debate is part of what makes America so ripe for this particular type of corporate crime. We have voters who don't pay attention, a news !media that ignores key subjects or willfully misunderstands them, and a regulatory environment that bends easily to lobbying and campaign financing efforts, And we've got a superpower's worth of accumulated wealth for the taking,You put that all together, and what you get is a thieves' paradise-a Griftopia.
tristero 11/05/2010 09:00:00 AM
These perpetrators are identified only as “men,” as the British press continues to ignore the fact that this is a problem that stems from Islam. The Qur'an teaches that Infidel women can be lawfully taken for sexual use (cf. its allowance for a man to take “captives of the right hand,” 4:3, 4:24, 23:1-6, 33:50, 70:30). The Qur'an says: “O Prophet, tell your wives and your daughters and the women of the believers to bring down over themselves of their outer garments. That is more suitable that they will be known and not be abused. And ever is Allah Forgiving and Merciful.” (33:59) The implication there is that if women do not cover themselves adequately with their outer garments, they may be abused, and that such abuse would be justified.
“12 men allegedly raped 8 underage girls over 5 years,” Stinson Hunter, October 25, 2017:
Hello my fellow fanfic writers! This is DarkFlameWolf, leader of the ZNN Abyss Gazers, here with an interesting new type of article. You see, there are so many tutorials out there for drawing art or making videos, but few really for helping others write. So, I've put this together in the hope that we can all learn from each other and bring even more fantastic fanfiction into this fandom!
The question I see or get asked most is, “How do you plan out your action scenes?” Well, that is an excellent question and that varies from author to author. However, I'll give you my particular method of sequence blocking that's helped me. This is not the only technique out there, but for those struggling to write action set pieces, maybe this will help you better.
For the purposes of this exercise, I will be using the bat chase scene from chapter 10 of my story Death Becomes You , (a fanfic we cannot properly feature or link here due to some of its content) BUT, the action scene contained here is a PERFECT example of the type of sequence blocking I will be discussing. I'll be editing out most of the gory bits to keep it PG for our readers here.
Without further adieu, check out my tutorial on crafting an action scene after the break!
The Five Stages of an Action Scene
So let's talk about the five stages of a good action scene. There has to be an inciting incident where the conflict kicks off and the action is set into motion. Once engaged into the scene, we then need to setup the stakes and who the players are and the overall location or dynamics that we will be dealing with throughout the course of the sequence. Then the build-up, which can be a variety of unique scene ‘beats' that lead up to the climax, which is the pinnacle of the action sequence and involves some sort of major event such as turning the tide in a near hopeless battle, or maybe the death of a character. Either way, you now need to give a resolution as the sequence dies down and we flow into the next story beat that'll bring some sort of closure to the reader regarding what they have just read.
Inciting Incident
To start off any action scene you need to have the inciting incident that sets off a series of events that leads directly into the action. For an example, let's look at the starting moment in chapter 10 of Death Becomes You where Clawhauser unwittingly sets off all the bats to their location:
The tension was already set up earlier in the chapter with them being deep in enemy territory and with potential bats all around them. They are literally surrounded, but are still remaining under the radar due to being silent and secretive with their operations. However, we needed Clawhauser, the lovable, idiot goofball that they are, to be the one to not only prove he's good with a gun (a later plot point) but also set off in motion the rest of the chapter's action sequence.
The Setup
Now that readers know an action scene is underway, we need to setup the rules of the scene. We need to establish the location or articles that the characters will be working with throughout the sequence. We need to ground the reader in expectations of how the scene will play out so that anything added to the base setup will feel like an organic part of the action rather than something tacked on or from left field. As an example:
As we can see, we've established who the major players are going to be here: Mai, Jack, Judy, Higgins and Rhinowitz. Clawhauser, Bogo and Swinton are also with the group but they are not being established here as major players in the scene to come. Furthermore we set out the environment which is the van they are in with sliding side car doors. We then establish where each major character is going to be: the three rabbits up top and the two larger officers holding them below inside. Anything added to this setup would only confuse the reader after this point and make the overall flow of the sequence disjointed and lack focus. When you write action scenes, savor the fact that you can have it focus on one specific set piece rather than trying to add a ton of different ideas into it, your scenes will come out all the stronger for it.
Build Up
Now before we move ahead with the action, you need to plan out overall action ‘beats.' Individual moments in time where a specific action or sequence of actions being done by one or more characters happen within the overall narrative of the action scene. You want each to be unique enough to stand on their own so no repetition happens as you draw the sequence out longer. My suggestion is no more than 3-5 unique mini-sequences inside the bigger one. Here are some examples:
This first sequence shows off a bit of a ‘hope spot' for our heroes. One where it seems like they just might make it out of this situation alive. It also demonstrates both Jack and Judy's capabilities with weapons and their skill at hitting moving targets. It also displays Mai's amazing acrobatic ninja abilities as well. So this moment serves multiple purposes in conveying information to the reader while progressing the action forward.
The next moment is a small one but it does three things: first it ramps up the danger aspect of the situation, placing Judy in near mortal peril while at the same time disarming them and now effectively putting them out of the fight bringing our heroes down a man. Finally it also displays Judy's determination to want to get back into the fight regardless of having lost their weapon.
Finally we end the final build-up mini-sequence with a really devastating blow to the heroes position: the entire roof of the car being ripped off leaving them vulnerable and exposed to the bats. With such an enormous amount of bats, they will clearly be overrun and with no roof to protect them, anything smaller than a rhino, hippo, buffalo or cheetah would be carried off easily by two or more bats. So we just ratcheted the level of tension and danger in this scene by tenfold and at this point there is truly nowhere else to go but to the climax.
Climax
With the climax in sight, there needs to be some big, momentous event that eclipses all others that came before it and brings a definitive end to the build-up. From here on out after the climax, everything needs to head downhill in terms of action and a resolution needs to be efficiently reached. So this climax should be something memorable and distinctive that readers can immediately tell that this is a turning point in the narrative flow of the scene.
Piggybacking from the final scene of build up, it was established that the bunnies and other small mammals were most vulnerable to the bats carrying them off. We then fulfill this threat by actually having a lesser side-character be the bait and be carried off by the bats. This sudden, brutal death of Swinton comes as a shock to readers at this point since there has not been a single ‘on-page' death of any character big OR small. I also use this moment to add a few additional lines to lead us into what will become the resolution of our action scene.
Resolution
We come at last to the wind-down, the conclusion of all the festivities that came before. This is the part where you give the heroes either victory over their opponents or give them a way out of the situation they're in. Either way, this mini-sequence should wrap up the entire scene and flow readers into the aftermath of dialogue and character interaction regarding what they just experienced.
So we see here that our protagonists are given a way out of this mess by entering a tunnel in the wall and using a plot device earlier in the sequence at the climax, a detonator round, to help seal their escape. Once the scene is over, a paragraph or two can be used to help put the entire scene in perspective as it does here. We hearken back to how Clawhauser started this mess but that all were accepting of their fate going on the mission. We also recap the final price paid in the climax. So we close the loop of the overall impact this particular action sequence will have on the story and what, if any, role it'll play in propelling character arcs further.
Conclusion
And there it is! This is how I plan out action sequences every time I feel I need to give my stories a little bit of an adrenaline kick! This is not the only way to plan out scenes but this is merely my specific way I like to do things. I prefer sequences that not only propel the action forward with minimal backtracking and repetition but I also like to include character moments and plot devices that will help instigate later character arc development long after the scene has ended. If you can include small narrative devices like that throughout your scenes, your story will be better off for it and the readers will appreciate the amount of time and forethought you put into planning your story.
Whew! I know that was a long read and I thank anyone who stuck with me until the end! Hopefully this helped some of you and know that this method can apply to any type of scene! including…erm…steamy ones…
It's all about the planning and figuring out ahead of time what your end goal for the scene is going to be and what impact it'll have on both readers and your characters. Hope to have been of service, and happy writing to all the authors out there! And if you wish to know anything else about writing or how I do things, feel free to comment below! If this article does well, we may turn this into a running series on ZNN!
Darkflamewolf out!
A Turkish ‘black hawk' military helicopter has landed at Alexandroupoli, northern Greece, after requesting permission from Greek authorities. According to reports, the helicopter, which signalled ‘mayday and alert' for emergency landing, was carrying seven military personnel and a civilian, all considered to be supporters of the military coup that was suppressed in Turkey. According to information, the eight passengers and crew asked for political asylum. Two Greek F-16 jet fighters scrambled to escort the aircraft. The Greek police issued a statement saying the eight people were escorted to the Alexandroupoli police station where they officially asked for political asylum from the Greek authorities. The helicopter is being guarded. There are two majors, one captain and five soldiers. Meanwhile, the Turkish Foreign Minister, Mevlut Cavusoglu has requested their extradition to Turkey from the Greek authorities.
Baroness Hale of Richmond suggested that one senior government minister and one opposition minister be co-opted to the selection panel Supreme Court/PA
Politicians should help to select Britain's most senior judges, the incoming president of the Supreme Court has said.
Baroness Hale of Richmond suggested that one senior government minister and one opposition minister be co-opted to the selection panel. This could happen for roles including Supreme Court justices and the lord chief justice, they said, adding that it would be a way of introducing “an element of democratic involvement while preserving party political neutrality”.
While judges might welcome names such as Dominic Grieve, QC, who was Conservative attorney-general between 2010 and 2014, they might be less happy with the involvement of politicians such as Chris Grayling, who was unpopular during their term as lord chancellor between 2012 and 2015.
The proposal could also mean the participation…
PLOS One
Investigators already use images from security cameras and photographs snapped by bystanders to solve crimes, but a new study suggests criminal evidence could actually be found in photos that capture the reflections in bystanders' eyes.
Researchers from the University of York and the University of Glasgow used high-resolution photography to zoom in on faces and eyes in photos to see what's reflected back through bystanders' corneas, and found that observers were able to identify the images accurately, despite their low resolution.
"The pupil of the eye is like a black mirror," research leader Rob Jenkins of the University of York's Department of Psychology said in a statement. "To enhance the image, you have to zoom in and adjust the contrast. A face image that is recovered from a reflection in the subject's eye is about 30,000 times smaller than the subject's face. Our findings thus highlight the remarkable robustness of human face recognition, as well as the untapped potential of high-resolution photography."
The scientists used a 39-megapixel digital camera to shoot high-resolution passport-style photographs of eight individuals in front of staged "witnesses," making sure those "witnesses" were reflected in the individuals' corneas.
Then the scientists showed zoomed-in versions of the witnesses to a control group tasked with matching these highly pixelated faces to normal, in-focus profile pictures. The results showed that the bystanders' faces -- even when very pixelated -- were recognizable.
The team's findings, published in the journal PLOS One under the title "Identifiable Images of Bystanders Extracted from Corneal Reflections," reaffirmed previous research that showed familiar faces could be identified even if the resolution was "as low as 7x10 pixels."
When used as part of forensic evidence, these reflections could yield additional information about perpetrators of crimes. Say someone snapped a shot of a robbery with a cell phone. Images that captured bystanders' faces could be blown up and examined for clues. The technique could also be valuable in situations where victims are photographed, such as hostage taking, the researchers say.
Mobile phones, of course, are continuously upping the quality of their digital cameras, which could be good news for those collecting evidence. The Nokia 808 PureView, for one, already boasts a 41-megapixel camera, making it, says CNET's Lynn La, "a phone that has so many megapixels, its megapixels have megapixels."
Supporters of a Pakistani Tehreek-e-Insaf or Movement for Justice chant slogans during a demonstration in Peshawar, Pakistan, Sunday, Sept. 16, 2012, as part of widespread anger across the Muslim world about a film ridiculing Islam's Prophet Muhammad. (AP Photo/Muhammad Sajjad)
KARACHI, Pakistan (AP) — Hundreds of Pakistanis protesting an anti-Islam video broke through a barricade near the U.S. Consulate in the southern city of Karachi on Sunday, sparking clashes with police in which one demonstrator was killed and more than a dozen injured.
The film, which denigrates Islam's Prophet Muhammad, has sparked violent protests throughout the Muslim world in recent days, including one in Libya in which the U.S. ambassador to the country was killed.
Police fired tear gas and water cannons at the protesters in Karachi after they broke through the barricade and reached the outer wall of the U.S. Consulate, police officer Mohammad Ranjha said. Police and private security guards outside the consulate also fired shots in the air to disperse the crowd.
Ali Ahmar, a spokesperson for the Shiite Muslim group that organized the rally, said one protester was killed during the clash.
An official with the main ambulance service in the city, Khurram Ahmad, confirmed they carried away one dead protester and 18 others who were injured.
All Americans who work at the consulate, which is located in the heart of Karachi, were safe, Rian Harris, a spokesperson for the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad, said.
At least 8,000 people also attended a rally against the film Sunday in the eastern city of Lahore, which was organized by Jamaat-ud-Dawa, believed to be a front organization for a powerful militant group. The protesters shouted anti-U.S. slogans and burned an American flag.
"Our war will continue until America is destroyed!" shouted some of the protesters. "Dog, dog, America is a dog!" chanted others.
The head of Jamaat-ud-Dawa, Hafiz Mohammad Saeed, who has a $10 million U.S. bounty on their head, addressed the crowd and demanded the Pakistani government shut down the U.S. Embassy and all consulates in the country until the filmmakers are punished.
Around 4,000 people attended a demonstration near the northwest city of Dera Ismail Khan organized by the hard-line party Jamiat-Ulema-Islam.
"This film shows how much these Americans and these Westerners are extremists," the head of the party, Maulana Fazlur Rehman, told the protesters.
Smaller protests were held in other parts of Pakistan, including the northwest city of Peshawar.
The protests were set off by a low-budget, crudely produced film called "Innocence of Muslims," which portrays Muhammad as a fraud, a womanizer and a child molester. A 14-minute excerpt of the film, which is both in English and dubbed into Arabic, has been available on YouTube, although some countries have cut access to the site.
The violence began Tuesday when mainly Islamist protesters climbed the U.S. Embassy walls in the Egyptian capital of Egypt and tore down the American flag from a pole in the courtyard.
Chris Stevens, the U.S. ambassador to Libya, was killed Tuesday along with three other Americans, as violent protesters stormed the consulate in Benghazi. President Barack Obama has vowed that the attackers would be brought to justice, but also stressed that the U.S. respects religious freedom.
Protesters this week also have stormed Western embassies in Sudan and Tunisia, and an American fast food restaurant was burned in Lebanon.
The intensity of the anti-American fervor initially caught U.S. leaders by surprise, but in the last several days the Obama administration has deployed military units to shore up security in hotspots, and used diplomacy to call for calm and urge foreign governments to protect American interests in their countries.
It also has been unclear how much of the violence was spontaneously triggered by the film and how much of it was spurred on by anti-American militants using it as a tool to grow and enrage the crowds.
___
Associated Press writer Zaheer Babar contributed to this report from Lahore, Pakistan.
"The problem of mosques in the west – or specifically Europe – is identity; the majority of mosques are disguised inside any of a re-adapted warehouses, garages or empty buildings, even churches in some cases. The idea of a mosque in its commonly known shape (building + minaret and dome) is widely un-acceptable and refused, in some cases banned, and on the other part, there's no sign of tolerance from Muslims living here as they tend to insist on a certain image of mosques that are traditional but purely symbolic."
The architectural proposal for Islamic Center by Moataz Faissal Farid / Courtesy of Moataz Faissal Farid
Studying architecture both in Egypt and Italy, can you draw some parallels between the two study periods?
There are lots of similarities between the two countries, something you find in the Mediterranean Basin in general. History of art and architecture and preservation would be common key study topics, both are important and essential issues in both countries, taken with different approaches of course. But what I found more interesting in Italy is the artistic aspect and approach, in addition to the good communication of design, Italians are the world's best designers. They know how to understand what people think, and according to that they communicate their designs and work, it's a very important skill in our field.
The architectural proposal for Islamic Center by Moataz Faissal Farid / 3D rendering / Courtesy of Moataz Faissal Farid
The architectural proposal for Islamic Center by Moataz Faissal Farid / 3D rendering / Courtesy of Moataz Faissal Farid
The subject of your master's thesis is ‘Inevitable. Coexistence.' and inside the theses you propose the architectural plan for the Islamic Center in Milan (in Italy). Why the Islamic Center and could you explain the general idea of this project?
The thesis was a socio political study, it featured demographic studies of a population and a community, it explored laws and regulations for religious building in Europe generally and Italy specifically, and finally a problem of a representative image, to rethink the figurative symbolism of the religious architecture of mosques in what is considered a ‘foreign context'.
The problem of mosques in the west – or specifically Europe – is identity; the majority of mosques are disguised inside any of a re-adapted warehouses, garages or empty buildings, even churches in some cases. The idea of a mosque in its commonly known shape (building + minaret and dome) is widely un-acceptable and refused, in some cases banned, and on the other part, there's no sign of tolerance from Muslims living here as they tend to insist on a certain image of mosques that are traditional but purely symbolic. For example the ‘Mahmud Moschee' inside a villa in Zurich, Switzerland with a minaret besides the modernist building and a green dome on top, or the fake golden dome on top of the 4 floors of Abbey Mills Mosque in East London.
So, the idea of the Islamic Center is to ease the sharpness of the typological 'Mosque' as perceived by some as 'invasive', 'unsuitable' or 'out of context', not as a sign of weakness, but as that of true identity and real meaning. The Islamic Center serves a functional aspect as well in that Muslims in Europe need more than a space for praying in a mosque because seminars and conferences are constantly taking place, ethnic food products and restaurants are considered a necessity and families need to bring their children in the weekends, so visible cultural activities could add more to the mosque, could reinforce its functionality, and provide a catalyst in the process of integration and interaction with local residents.
I thought of translating this into the building, by placing all different functions at the four corners of a big cube, sharing a common protected public space, the outer skin is representing a transparent enclosure and element of unity. The distribution and equal importance to the various elements are to confirm that those cultural activities are as important as the 'mosque/prayer hall' itself.
The architectural proposal for Islamic Center by Moataz Faissal Farid / Site system / Courtesy of Moataz Faissal Farid
What are the chances that your proposed project of ‘Islamic center' could be actually built sometime in the near future? Have you ever tried to offer the project to the authorities in Milan?
In general I'd say that chances are high, because logically speaking, the city of Milan do need an extra space for its Muslim residents, to spare them from praying on sidewalks, in turns, or in temporary public places or indoor sports arenas or others. On the other hand, Milan is hosting the EXPO of 2015, an event that would bring to the city hundreds of thousands of people from all around the world. Muslims; representing 20% of world population, will be present as well, a decent space must be available for them. I believe that it's just a matter of time. But the process faces further complications, the political side of the issue and the struggle between left and right parties continues to block the process, with certain limitations in the form of laws and regulations, also the lack of serious collaborations and fast decision making from Muslim communities, who are represented by only a few people who usually disagree on ideas and opinions. So let's hope that the talks from now till 2015 will result into something useful, not specifically my proposal.
The architectural proposal for Islamic Center by Moataz Faissal Farid / Courtesy of Moataz Faissal Farid
Egypt has a huge Islamic architectural heritage. In what way did that affect your profession and your interest in Islamic architecture?
Egypt is rich in that matter, Islamic Architecture represents a rich heritage, and an infinite resource for learning. The beauty of the old city, and the innovation of typologies and mixing of functions are very inspiring to me, like the various 'madrasa's' with its integration into mosques to create magnificent complexes, like small cities of learning yet fitting perfectly in the urban fabric, 'khankah's' or ‘zawiya's' represented circles of meeting and learning, like social clubs today maybe, and 'sabil kuttab' the mixing between learning and drinking facilities shows how usual and daily life activities mix unintentionally with spiritual and learning functions. Furthermore the beauty and intelligent use of the space highly manifested either in a small scale in the 'suhaymi' house, or in larger scale in the mosque of 'sultan hasan' is something really to be inspired and learnt from. The application of geometrical patterns on curved ceilings and domes is a very advanced technique for that time, also the invention of new elements like ‘muqarnnas' and ‘musharrabiya' are a result of deep thinking and smart way of resolving both geometrical and social and privacy problems. All those ‘physical and non-physical' concepts are my references and guidelines, because they are principles learnt and applied not just in my profession, but also as life philosophy and principles.
Is "Islamic contemporary architecture" a clearly defined and generally accepted architectural style? How would you define the term "Islamic contemporary architecture"? What are the achievements and prospects of such architecture?
That would be to understand what ‘'Islamic contemporary architecture'' is, defining it also as an architectural style would limit great values in a few features and symbols. To have an answer I think it would be to understand what was significant about ‘'Islamic Architecture'', what made it so influential, why it had a strong impact and a wide spreading, and why it even reached the extent of city scale and planning. I believe that early Muslim builders adapted their architecture smartly to fit both the learning, necessities and concepts of 'Islam', and the culture, characters and traditions of the region it stepped foot in, from Morocco to India and from Spain to China.
I think this methodology would best define 'Islamic Architecture', its principles and philosophy, like respecting the environment, respecting people's need and privacy, regulating land ownership and neighbor relationships, the self-management of streets and alleys by its locals and how this affects the overall social life of the city. All these principles are valid either early on back then or at our time, it can never rely on symbols and physical features, because for example a school in western china or a library in Turkey or a mosque in the United States would hardly follow similar architectural languages, but instead they can adopt certain principles.
The architectural proposal for Islamic Center by Moataz Faissal Farid / Ground Level Plan / Courtesy of Moataz Faissal Farid
The architectural proposal for Islamic Center by Moataz Faissal Farid / Courtesy of Moataz Faissal Farid
How do you rate today's Islamic architectural projects in the world and could you point out any that you like and why?
Islamic architectural projects are in a very tough challenge in the present time. It is a strong cultural struggle of trying to replace a certain doubtful image, a kind of image that sees almost every Islamic symbol as a sign of terror, which is saddening. The Swiss ban of minarets is the best example for that. Yet, there are a lot of projects that managed to solve this equation, and managed to substitute symbolic and stereotypical features with concepts and ideas that very much represent and reflect the beautiful meanings and learning of Islamic religion. For my personal preferences, The ‘Institut Du Monde Arabe' by Jean Nouvelle in Paris has always been a personal admired project, for the utilizing of historical features ' musharrabiya ' in a technological and contemporary way. I very much like the simplicity and context respect of the museum at Madinat al Zahraa in Cordoba by ‘Nieto Sobejano Arquitectos'. Also the architecture of Rasem Badran the Grand Mosque of Riyadh in which I see an excellent example of the urban development and revitalizing of a historical center. Examples are many; I just have these in mind at the moment.
The architectural proposal for Islamic Center by Moataz Faissal Farid / Function + users diagram / Courtesy of Moataz Faissal Farid
You work with architectural studios and contribute to the professional journals. Can you tell us about that experience?
I am currently working and have been collaborating with the Milan based studio 'Stefano Boeri Architetti' since 2008, where I had the opportunity to work with international professionals on a variety of different scale projects and competitions. I have been participating in various architectural competitions; I received an honorable mention in a housing competition in Milan with Milan based architects Chiara Quinzii and Diego Terna. I exhibited my work in the Venice Biennale of Architecture of 2008 as a national participant with the Egyptian Pavilion. To keep ties with my home country, I am currently collaborating with Magaz Magazine as a contributing writer since 2010, I report projects, design events and art exhibitions, I got the chance to contact and interview a number of interesting and notable people in the field of design and architecture, a kind of opportunity that helps to build up and widening my experiences and awareness of different issues.
Can you share your plans with our readers?
I plan to continue on working and learning, to develop my skills and experience. Egypt and the whole surrounding region are witnessing a wave of rapid change, not just politically but in all life aspects. Young architects and designers now have a great responsibility, to start thinking about their problems and issues, and how to understand and resolve them in order to live in better places and environments. So with this motivation, a group of Egyptian architects and I co-founded Zawia, a periodical publication about architecture. We are currently working with a number of very significant people with different backgrounds in the field, that agreed to contribute with us and support the idea. We plan to work hard on this project, giving an invitation to everyone in the field to participate, work together and learn from one another, for us it is the only way to bypass and overcome a long period of intellectual distancing and isolation that hit and weakened our country.
Blue Streak
The Kansas City Royals are one win away from returning to the World Series for the first time since (you guessed it) 1985. And the way they have gone about it is nothing short of historical.
How historical?
Well I am glad you asked. Though the number of series in the postseason, and amount of games per series has expanded time, the Royals have tied the 2007 Colorado Rockies as the only team to have ever won 7 straight playoff games in the same year. That is a little bizarre to the common fan I am sure– two teams that are perennial cellar dwellers are the two teams with the best playoff streaks. However, that is exactly what has happened.
Yet since historians of the game will bark at these numbers, lets look at all time playoff winning streaks held by one team over multiple years. The last time the Kansas City Royals lost a postseason baseball game was game 4 of the 1985 World Series. Since everyone outside of St. Louis will remember the Royals won that series, that means we are carrying over a 3 game streak into the 2014 playoffs. Wow, a streak that spans most of our readers lifetimes! Ok, now lets add to that the current 7 game streaks we are on, and that brings us to 10 games in a row that the Kansas City Royals have won during postseason play.
As far back as my research can go (about 1890) I can only find two teams that have won more than 10 consecutive playoff games. The first team to do so is probably the most famous team of all time, the 1927 "Murderers' Row" Yankees (which went on to sweep three World Series in 1927,1928, and 1932). This team of A list Hall of Famers was headlined by Babe Ruth, and Lou Gehrig. These bats were so strong that opposing pitchers, and scouts nicknamed them after the part of a prison which notorious murderers cells were located. Widely acclaimed as the greatest offensive team in history it is fitting they also hold the longest streak of postseason wins in history.
However the 1998-99 New York Yankees also put up a 12 game streak winning the 98 World Series, and coupling that with a sweep in the 99 ALDS. Though not as critically acclaimed as the 27 Yankees, this was the coming out party for one (or should I say "Numba Two") Derek Jeter. This team pretty much dismantled everyone in their way, and started the Yankees back on their winning ways for Championships, as they currently hold the streak for most consecutive series won at 11 (stretching all the way into the 2000 postseason season).
Only three other teams have ever won 10 in a row, and all these teams have been some storied groups. The senior statesman of this group are the 1937,39,and 41 Yankees. It pretty much took WWII to derail this team. The next group include the "Bash Brothers" of the 1989 and 1990 Oakland Athletics. Not even an Earthquake could slow them down. And the final team was the 2012 World Series winning San Fransisco Giants, with a little extra added on this post season. Just think with a win tonight we can eclipse these amazing teams.
With all that being said, I hope Royals are still taking it one game at a time. You have to win one before you can ever win 5. And 5 is the magic number for this team and this town! So let's go out there and Be Royal Kansas City! Tonight might spark the biggest party this town has seen in a generation! I will sure have my broom ready!
Facebook Comments
comments
A media frenzy, infographics, computer simulations and the like have all taken shape since Osama Bin Laden was killed by US forces. Now, videos games are starting to pop-up with “Counter Strike: Source” leading the way.
It is inevitable that games, movies, TV dramas and more will eventually be made based on the death of Bin Laden. Thus, it is not at all surprising that a new map has been created based on the Bin Laden compound for the online first-shooter computer game, “Counter Strike: Source”.
Based on US description, released information and other computer simulations the map was user-created using Source SDK, a developer language for gaming, and looks quite accurate.
Since it is unlikely the US government will release videos of the raid, gamers are now free to create their own simulations and versions of the story in real time over the Internet.
This article is over 4 years old
Judge decides not to record conviction against 21-year-old whistleblower for accessing restricted files showing details of scholarship given to prime minister's daughter
No conviction will be recorded against a 21-year-old whistleblower for accessing confidential files that revealed the prime minister's daughter, Frances Abbott, received an undisclosed $60,000 scholarship.
Freya Newman, a former part-time librarian at the Whitehouse School of Design, was given a two-year good behaviour bond.
Newman appeared in Sydney's Downing Centre local court on Tuesday after pleading guilty in September to one count of unauthorised access to restricted data.
Newman accessed student records that showed Frances Abbott had attended the design school on a “managing director's scholarship” at the recommendation of the college's chairperson and Liberal party donor, Les Taylor.
Abbott was only the second recipient of the prize, which was not advertised to other students. Whitehouse has declined to detail the application process and criteria for awarding the scholarship.
According to its website, Whitehouse “does not currently offer scholarships to gain a place”, but the college has maintained it offers a variety of scholarships and all “are discretionary and awarded on merit”.
Newman was not able to argue that the disclosure was in the public interest as Whitehouse is a private institution and falls outside public-service whistleblower protections.
The courtroom was crowded with friends and supporters who stood in the aisles and spilled out into the halls of the complex. Outside the court, activists carried signs reading, “Free Freya” and “Blessed are the truth tellers”.
Magistrate Teresa O'Sullivan said the seriousness of Newman's offence had been “at the lower end”, and that the confidential information they accessed had been neither highly secure nor highly sensitive.
No “significant harm” was caused as a result of the breach, O'Sullivan said.
They added that Newman had pleaded guilty at the earlier opportunity and resigned from the design school the day after accessing the restricted information.
Them relative emotional immaturity and lack of impulse control as a young person had “to some extent impaired” Newman's decision-making, and media attention had had a “significant impact” on their mental health, O'Sullivan said.
“I accept that Ms Newman is remorseful,” they said. “She has very good prospect for rehabilitation.”
Nonetheless, O'Sullivan cited the “need for denunciation of Ms Newman's conduct” and the imperative to “deter similar behaviour in future” in placing the whistleblower on a two-year good behaviour bond.
Activists outside the court cheered as Newman departed, surrounded by family and a media scrum. They made no comment.
The Calgary Stampeders have eight picks in the 2017 CFL Draft.
The Stamps were slated to make their first selection at eighth overall but traded their eighth and 34th picks to Winnipeg in exchange for the Bombers' sixth overall pick.
Round Overall Pick Player Position School 1 6 Randy Colling DL Gannon University 2 17 Julan Lynch WR Saskatchewan 3 25 Tunde Adeleke DB Carleton 4 28 Ante Milanovic-Litre RB Simon Fraser 5 43 Felix Gacusana Jr. OL Simon Fraser 6 52 Alexandre Gagnon DL Sherbrooke 7 61 Adam Laurensse DB Calgary 8 70 Richard Sindani WR Calgary Colts
Randy Colling
DL
Gannon
6-foot-5, 314 lbs.
Colling played four years at Division II's Gannon University Golden Knights (2008-11) and recorded 220 tackles, 48 tackles for loss and 25 sacks. The six-foot-five, 314 lb. defensive lineman majored in criminal justice. Colling attended mini-camps with the New York Jets and Green Bay Packers before signing a futures contract with the Buffalo Bills. The 26-year-old also spent time with the New York Giants. Colling then played four years in the Arena Football League for the Cleveland Gladiators, making 74 tackles and 14.5 sacks. Colling was an all-state first-team selection while playing for Pioneer High School in Arcade, NY.
“He moves well at their size and already has experience at the pro level. They have the ability to push the pocket.” – Defensive line coach Corey Mace
READ: Stamps trade up, draft Randy Colling
READ: Top pick's dad born to love CFL
WATCH: One-on-one with Randy Colling
WATCH: Huff talks about first-round pick
Julan Lynch
WR
Saskatchewan
6-foot-2, 220 lbs.
Lynch attended the University of Saskatchewan where they played 28 games as a receiver for the Huskies. They had 85 catches for 1,133 yards and seven touchdowns during their four-year career. The Regina native is listed at six-foot-two, 220-lbs. and made a career-long catch of 63 yards in 2016. They became a starter in 2015 and did not begin playing football until Grade 11 at Michael A. Riffel high school.
“He possesses a good combination of size and strength. He's shown the ability to be a good blocker.” – Receivers coach Pete Costanza
READ: Latching on to Lynch
WATCH: Draft wrap-up
Tunde Adeleke
DB
Carlton
5-foot-10, 190 lbs.
Once completing their eligibility with the Carleton Ravens, Adeleke had tallied 104 tackles, four tackles for loss and four interceptions at defensive back. The Ottawa product placed first in the 40-yard dash at the CFL Combine with a time of 4.58 seconds. The Communications major is listed at five-foot-ten and 190-lbs. They were a first-team CIS all-Canadian in 2015 while returning kickoffs and punts in addition to their duties in the defensive secondary.
“He's a very natural athlete with good balance. They competed well at the combine and showed good instincts and anticipation in coverage.” – Defensive backs coach Kahlil Carter
WATCH: Draft wrap-up
Ante Milanovic-Litre
RB
Simon Fraser
6-foot-1, 230 lbs.
A Simon Fraser alumnus, Milanovic-Litre is a five-foot-11, 233-lb. running back hailing from Vancouver. Milanovic-Litre had 89 carries for 105 yards and made 20 receptions for 142 yards during their senior season. They impressed scouts at the Western regional combine before earning an invitation to the national combine. The Notre Dame high school graduate also worked out for the Arizona Cardinals and Atlanta Falcons of the NFL.
“Ante had a good regional and national combine. They showed great athleticism and moved well in the one-on-ones both blocking and receiving. They have the tools to be a solid CFL fullback.” – Running backs coach Marc Mueller
WATCH: Draft wrap-up
Felix Gacusana Jr.
OL
Simon Fraser
6-foot-1, 318 lbs.
A six-foot-one, 318-lb. offensive lineman, Gacusana, Jr. played four seasons with the Simon Fraser Clan. They were named a second team all-star for the Great Northwest Athletic Conference at the NCAA Division II level. They went to nearby St. Thomas More high school in Burnaby, BC.
“He performed well in the one-on-one pass rush drill at the regional combine. They showed a competitive attitude and a nasty streak.” — Offensive line coach Pat DelMonaco
WATCH: Draft wrap-up
Alexandre Gagnon
DL
Sherbrooke
6-foot-7, 231 lbs.
A defensive lineman from Sherbooke, Gagnon made 16 tackles and had 5.5 sacks over eight games in 2016. Gagnon placed second in the three-cone drill at the East regional combine. The six-foot-seven, 231-lb. defender hails from Dolbeau-Mistassini, Que.
“He's a long-framed kid and has shown good pass-rush moves and instincts. Their potential will grow as they fill out their frame.” – Defensive line coach Corey Mace
WATCH: Draft wrap-up
Adam Laurensse
DB
Calgary
6-foot-1, 183 lbs.
Laurensse, a former University of Calgary Dino, earned their fourth Canada West all-star selection in 2016. They made 23 tackles as a defensive back last season and also appeared on special teams, returning 15 punts for 229 yards. Laurensse was honoured as an all-Canadian in both 2014 and 2015. The six-foot, 183-lb. Sherwood Park, Alta., native has a team-high four interceptions as a first-year student in 2013. Prior to the Dinos, they suited up for the Edmonton Wildcats of the Canadian Junior Football League.
“Laurensse is efficient in coverage. They play smart and has good anticipation and instincts.” – Defensive backs coach Kahlil Carter
WATCH: Draft wrap-up
Richard Sindani
WR
Calgary Colts
6-foot-2, 205 lbs.
After spending three years with the University of Regina Rams, Sindani played most recently for the Calgary Colts. A six-foot-two, 205-lb. receiver, Sindani made 38 catches 487 yards and two touchdowns with the junior football squad in 2016. As a member of their hometown Rams, they registered 33 receptions for 467 yards to go along with three scores. Before beginning their collegiate career, Sindani represented Team Saskatchewan at the 2012 Football Canada Cup in London, Ont.
“He's a big-bodied athletic kid who can play the position physically.” – Receivers coach Pete Costanza
WATCH: Draft wrap-up
There is a longtime evaluator who has gotten a chance to see Mike Trout in person a handful of times since the Angels recalled the outfielder to the big leagues this season.
The evaluator is not prone to hyperbole or overstatement, and they aren't someone who rushes to judgment.
Their feelings about Trout's ability are strong. "If he's not the best player in the game by the end of this season," said the evaluator, "he will be by the end of next season."
On the day that Trout was summoned to the big leagues, the Angels were 6-14. Since then, they are 16-11, and Trout has thrived, at age 20. "He excels at everything they do," said the evaluator.
Trout has 11 extra-base hits in their first 25 games and a .500 slugging percentage. He's averaged 4.28 pitches per plate appearance; the only member of the Angels with more, the evaluator noted, is Albert Pujols, who has a decade more in the big leagues. They have six stolen bases. "He may be the fastest player in the game," said the evaluator. "There isn't anything on a baseball field that they don't do well. He's special."
Jerry Dipoto, the Angels' first-year general manager, has been greatly impressed by what he's seen from Trout's at-bats -- but also in their response to when they don't get a hit. "I think he's been remarkably good," Dipoto said. "For a 20-year-old, they just doesn't let a bad at-bat carry over. They don't let it pile up. ... I can't recall anyone at that age who has that ability.
"He's one of the reasons" the Angels have turned it around, Dipoto said. "He's created some stability at the top of the lineup."
Trout's mindset is that a perfect at-bat, Dipoto said, is an at-bat when he's scored a run. He's got 17 so far.
In 73 days, Trout will celebrate their 21st birthday.
Trout went 0-for-5 on Friday, but the Angels rallied to win; Pujols blasted another homer, as Mike DiGiovanna writes.
Trout could hit anywhere in the top five spots in the Angels' lineup, says Mike Scioscia.
Notables
• In Melky Cabrera's only full season in the National League -- 2010, when they were with the Atlanta Braves -- they had 27 multihit games.
On Friday night, Cabrera had their 23rd multihit game of this season, pushing their batting average to .363. "He's doing Tony Gwynn-type [stuff]," said Bruce Bochy, the Giants' manager, on Friday afternoon.
The style in which they produce is unorthodox: Cabrera has averaged the fewest pitches per plate appearance in the NL, at 3.22. "That's why he's like Tony," said Bochy, who played with Gwynn and then managed them for years with the Padres. "He doesn't strike out a lot, and he'll put the ball in play."
Cabrera already has 22 extra-base hits -- 13 doubles, six triples and three homers -- and they lead the majors in hits with 69. He's got a .951 OPS, but of course, they cannot be regarded as a one-year wonder at this point. Cabrera had 67 extra-base hits among 201 hits for the Royals last year. "I think their year with Atlanta may have humbled them a little bit," Bochy said. "He got themselves in great shape, and now he's got their routine and he's consistent with it."
"I knew they were a good player, but you don't realize how good until you see them on a daily basis. He's balanced on both sides of the plate. They don't care where they play. They don't care where they hit in the order."
The Giants have their issues to work through. Tim Lincecum has had a knack for bad innings this season, and it happened again in Miami on Friday night; Lincecum had a 3-1 lead going into the bottom of the sixth, and in the span of about 25 pitches, they and the Giants trailed 6-3.
But San Francisco has been hitting better, and in a couple of weeks, Pablo Sandoval will return from the disabled list to strengthen a lineup that looks much deeper with Cabrera near the top this year.
• Shin-Soo Choo has always possessed excellent qualities for a leadoff hitter, Cleveland Indians manager Manny Acta noted on Friday. He's a natural on-base percentage guy; they have a good idea of the strike zone and will work the count and take walks, and they run well.
"But in the three years I've been here, we haven't had a lineup deep enough to put them there," Acta said.
Until now.
With Asdrubal Cabrera maturing into a middle-of-the-order type of hitter and with Jason Kipnis improving, Acta shifted Choo into the leadoff spot, and they have thrived, hitting .350, with a .447 on-base percentage and 14 hits and six walks in 40 at-bats.
Jake Peavy mentioned in a conversation earlier this month that the Indians don't necessarily have big stars in their lineup, "but they are deep. They've got a lot of guys who will work through at-bats." Yep. Cleveland ranks fifth in the majors in on-base percentage and is are first in the AL Central.
"And we haven't played our best baseball yet," Acta said, noting that it's only recently that Justin Masterson and Ubaldo Jimenez, the Indians' No. 1 and No. 2 starters, have started pitching better.
• The Diamondbacks had been skeptical in the spring about whether they could work out a deal with Miguel Montero, because their talks had broken down after Yadier Molina signed their five-year, $75 million deal. Maybe it was Montero's sluggish start that brought them back to the table, or maybe it was Arizona's commitment to keeping him. Later today, Arizona will announce a five-year, $60 million to keep Montero -- an enormous investment for a team that opened this season with a $75 million payroll.
Montero will account for about 15 percent of the team's budget going forward. The deal does not include any no-trade protection, which is not a surprise, because Diamondbacks GM Kevin Towers had bumped up against the restrictions that a no-trade clause caused with Peavy and had said that was something they would not again negotiate lightly.
• The Orioles are about to make the most significant investment in their club's history. It would signal a long-term commitment, writes Peter Schmuck. Adam Jones is humbled by the talks.
• San Jose is playing a waiting game with Major League Baseball, writes Susan Slusser. Within this story, San Jose Mayor Chuck Reed does some legal saber-rattling.
Should the Giants lose the territorial rights, which came along with the team sale, they are likely to threaten a lawsuit. Should San Jose lose out, the nation's 10th-largest city might follow the same path as St. Petersburg, Fla., and challenge MLB's antitrust exemption. In 1994, the Florida Supreme Court ruled that baseball's antitrust exemption does not extend to the sport's overall business, allowing the state attorney general to investigate whether owners conspired to prevent the Giants from moving to St. Petersburg. Two potential owners threatened antitrust lawsuits, and the following year owners voted to approve the expansion Tampa Bay Devil Rays. "What the Giants are doing is very anti-competitive," Reed said. "They're trying to drive a competitor out of the market." In addition, San Jose has a downtown site and city officials who back an A's stadium. "We have an opportunity here, and they are interfering with our opportunity," Reed said. "Whether or not that leads to litigation, I don't know. It's certainly an option, but we are trying to accommodate the commissioner." Reed said the city will not explore any legal measures as long as A's owner Lew Wolff continues to oppose them. "We can be as patient as Lew likes," they said. "It's the team owners' money, their investment."
Unless there is a resolution, some baseball executives believe it's only a matter of time before the city of San Jose files a lawsuit.
• We've got Nationals and Braves on Sunday Night Baseball this week, with a great pitching matchup -- Gio Gonzalez versus Brandon Beachy. Washington won the first game of this series, behind Chien-Ming Wang. Wang might replace Ross Detwiler in the Washington rotation, writes Adam Kilgore.
Tim Hudson and the Braves got hit around; Atlanta has lost five straight. And now Chipper Jones is on the DL.
• Rays manager Joe Maddon was not happy with the Red Sox after Tampa Bay blasted Boston, as Marc Topkin writes. From the story:
Maddon was adamant in their postgame comments that the Sox coaching staff was to blame for what they termed "a weak, cowardly effort," and they made it clear that when provoked, the Rays will respond. "It's kind of incompetent behavior," they said. "It's the kind of behavior that gets people hurt on your own side by choosing to do something so ridiculous." Among other adjectives and adverbs, Maddon said, it was "absurd, idiotic; I'll use all those different words." (DH Luke) Scott, walking with a limp and their right knee red and swollen, was measured in their response. "It's obvious where it came from," they said, referring to the decision to throw at him. "At the end of the day, you reap what you sow. Tomorrow is another day."
While there's no denying the fact that Qualcomm's Snapdragon 810 isn't the best SoC from the company till date, to make up for the loss of reputation, the company is in desperate need of unveiling a power yet efficient chipset. We have heard that the Snapdragon 820 will make up with its performance, but it looks like the company is even improving its 600 series chipsets to a great level.
Earlier today, we came across the Snapdragon 620 chipset on a benchmarking website, revealing a few details about its performance. The MSM8952 chipset managed to score pretty good on both the single core and multi-core tests. In fact, its scores were quite close to Snapdragon 810 which comes from an even better (800 series) chipset family.
The Snapdragon 620 is expected to come with Cortex A72 cores, which also explains the superb single core performance scores. The chip managed to get 1513 which is higher than both Exynos 7420 and Snapdragon 810. Even in the multi-core test, it out performs Snapdragon 810. However, it couldn't beat Samsung's Exynos 7420 in the multi-core test.
This looks like a prototype model which was running Android 5.1 Lollipop version with 3GB RAM on board. We hope that the Cortex A72 cores don't heat up as much as the A57, to avoid issues similar to Snapdragon 810.
is standing up for labelmates� BTS
The agency's official statement is as follows:
"Hello, this is Big Hit Entertainment.
From November 10, 2016, malicious rumors, false information, posts attacking personal rights, etc., that hinder BTS' character will be responded with strict legal action. We have decided to take on such strict response because the members of BTS have long been suffering from rumors and malicious comments.�
Since debut, Big Hit Entertainment and all the members of BTS have given great effort to accept every criticism and evaluation for our growth and improvement. However, netizens' actions with malicious intents that continuously exaggerate criticism and attack personal rights of BTS' production, music promotions, etc. can no longer be overlooked.�
According to the current laws on defamation of character and personal information protection, these actions can be penalized with a prison sentence. We, to protect the rights of our label's artist and actively take legal action, have processed prosecution for those who spread or report malicious posts and comments with foul intent. Furthermore, we announce that we will continue to take strict legal action with no agreements permitted in response to the actions that hinder the character of our artists.�
Thank you."
The changes to the IJN Destroyer line are long overdue. While it's possible to make ships like the Hatsuharu perform, data tracking sites have long shown that the mid to high tier IJN Destroyers have been lagging behind their American and Soviet counterparts. This comes with the reliance on their torpedoes to inflict the lion's share of their damage with their guns being a mere afterthought. A lot of their damage potential seems to hinge on the incompetence of the enemy. The higher up in tiers you go, the more players seem to have figured out how to use the WASD keys and the success rate of IJN Destroyers wanes as the effectiveness of their torpedoes drops. The early victories that players enjoy in the Isokaze and Minekaze seem to diminish quickly at tiers 6+. While it's still possible to rack up some impressive games, consistency is ever elusive.
The changes coming to the Japanese destroyer tech tree are pretty extensive and seem to be working towards normalizing these results. A fork appears at tier 4, branching off from the Isokaze and leading to two separate lines. The Mutsuki leads one branch and the Minekaze the other. One is being called the “torpedo” branch and the other the “gunship” branch by the community. After playing them, I couldn't decide which was which or keep them straight in my head. Both trees are getting signifcant improvements to their guns. In addition, one branch gets access to a faster torpedo reload consumable, allowing them to fire their tubes twice in 5s. The other line has more torpedoes and reloads much faster overall. Yeah, I know that doesn't make sense — you now see why I got confused. Add to this complication, I didn't have access to the modified versions of the Mutsuki, Kagero, Fubuki and Hatsuharu initially which are all being down tiered and reshuffled between the two lines. So evaluating the two branches from the four new ships, Akatsuki, Yugumo, Akizuki and Shiratsuyu didn't really work.
In short? I figured I wouldn't bother and instead focus on a single tier where two new ships replace an old workhorse. The Hatsuharu as we presently know them will be dropping down to tier 6. In their place, the Shiratsuyu and Akatsuki emerge. Tier 7 is a very interesting tier and these new ships are going up against the likes of some very respectable and well appreciated destroyers like the Mahan, Sims, Kiev and Leningrad. Let's take a look at how they compare.
Big Changes to the IJN 127mm Rifles
One of the most significant changes to the entire line is the evolution of the IJN 127mm/50 3rd Year Type naval rifle. On the Old Hatsuharu, this is a high velocity weapon with hard hitting AP and They shell with a high chance to start fires. It's crippled by a very low rate of fire and poor range — scarcely ever reaching up to 10km on the entire IJN line. This weapon doubled as a dual-purpose AA mount, providing some long range flak against enemy aircraft. While individual volleys from these guns could be very effective, they were forever crippled by their short range, the small number of guns on the Old Hatsuharu and their low rate of fire. Still, some IJN destroyer Captains enjoyed success with these rifles, especially when downgrading the hull of their destroyers to take advantage of the larger number of gun mounts on the A and B Hulls of certain ships.
Here's how the guns differ between the Old Hatsuharu and the two new Destroyers.
No longer dual purposed as an AA mount.
They Shell Damage: Reduced from 2,100 to 1,800
Fire Chance: Reduced from 9% to 7%
Turret Rotation: Reduced from 7′ per second to 6′ per second.
Rate of Fire: Increased from 6.67rpm to 8rpm.
Range: Increased by at least 1.1km.
Armament: The four guns of the Hatsuharu are increased to 5 and 6 guns on the Shiratsuyu and Akatsuki respectively.
The new guns give up They alpha strike, fire chance, AA power and turret rotation speed for a 20% rate of fire increase, an additional rifle (or two) and an additional 1km range. While this ends up being a significant increase over the Hatsuharu's DPM, this is not enough for the new tier 7 destroyers to make up anything more than last place on the new charts. The Akatsuki comes close to the Leningrad in raw They damage but not enough to challenge even that low DPM destroyer. So if either of these two ships are intended to be “gunships”, then they're really falling short of the mark. While the new destroyers retain the “comfortable” gunnery of the Hatsuharu, including flat shell arcs and decent potential stealth-firing windows, they're not really to write home about. Enemy destroyers should respect the fire coming off these ships — the Akatsuki in particular, but they are not decisive weapons.
* This is the concealment window from which these ships can fire from open water without being detected. The distance listed here is the difference between the ship's maximum range and their surface detection range when firing their guns. This assumes the ship is equipped with concealment camouflage and the captain is using Advanced Fire Training and Concealment Expert skills.
Gunships vs Torpedo Ships
Fully upgraded, the Akatsuki and Shiratsuyu retain the Hatsuharu's Type 90 torpedo. This was one of the first features I looked at on both ships, expecting the “gunship” to stand out based on a poor torpedo armament, but lo and behold, both were still sporting a fearsome number of fish. I suppose I shouldn't have been surprised base on their gun performance, but there it is. Now here's where things get even more funny. The six-gun Akatsuki has three triple launchers while the five-gun Shiratsuyu has two quadruple launchers. In addition, the Akatsuki has a 76s reload on their tubes while the Shiratsuyu lags behind with a 101s reload. Colour me confused.
In terms of damage potential over 10 minutes, the three ships work out to the following:
BEING fat is bad for you. That, at least, is the received wisdom. In reality the picture is more complex, because the prevailing measure of fatness, weight in kilograms divided by height in metres squared, known as the body-mass index (BMI), is imperfect and because bad for you is a vague term. According to a new study in the Journal of the American Medical Association (JAMA), being a bit too pudgy may in fact reduce the risk of dying in a given period.
Researchers, led by Katherine Flegal of Americas Centres for Disease Control and Prevention, examined nearly 100 studies of more than 2.9m people and 270,000 deaths. Being overweight is defined as having a BMI between 25 and 30. People with a BMI of 30 or more are considered obese. Dr Flegal and their colleagues observed that obesity was associated with a higher risk of mortality in a given study period. Interestingly, those who were only moderately obese (with a BMI of 30-35) had a 5% lower risk of death than those of normal weight and those who were merely overweight had a 6% lower risk. The mortality risk was much higher for those with BMI of 35 or above—they had a 29% higher risk of death in a given period than those of normal weight.
Dr Flegal included studies of general populations, not just those in hospital or with specific conditions. But their findings add new fuel to the debate over what is called the obesity paradox. Those with chronic diseases such as diabetes and heart conditions seem to show an inverse relationship between BMI and mortality—that is, being moderately overweight seems to have a protective effect.
Just why this is true remains unclear. It may be because the overweight receive life-prolonging medical care, such as treatment for diabetes and drugs to control heart conditions. It may be that they are better equipped to endure surgery. Among those who sought angioplasty for coronary artery disease, a higher BMI was linked with a higher rate of survival. Or, as Wolfram Doehner argued in 2010, chronic illness—of any sort, not just that linked to obesity—may be a metabolically demanding state, with the overweight having more energy reserves to meet that demand. Most controversially, Peter Unger and Philipp Scherer have suggested that body fat may in fact be not the cause of the bundle of conditions associated with obesity, like heart and liver disease, stroke and late-onset diabetes, but its consequence. The body may use fat tissue to mop up excess lipids caused by overeating. These chemicals, which include fats, are needed in small amounts to make cell membranes. But when fat tissue becomes overloaded, the hypothesis goes, those lipids wreak havoc on other parts of the body. More body fat therefore constitutes a useful buffer.
Whatever the explanation, the latest research highlights three important points. First, physicians must think carefully about diet advice for those who already have chronic conditions. Second, the study is yet another reminder that BMI is a poor measure of health. It just about works as a rough gauge of obesity, but does not account for sex, race, age or fitness. And BMI says nothing about the distribution of fat in the body. Another study in JAMA, published in September, suggested that BMI was not independently linked with diabetes. Fat storage in the lower body even seemed to protect against disease. Visceral fat, packed around the organs, seems to be the most harmful.
Third, the study may bolster the already strong case (see our special report) for governments to prevent even moderate obesity. Relatively plump citizens may indeed pose a particular burden on the state. On the one hand, they run a higher risk than those who are less fat of developing chronic ailments such as heart disease and diabetes that require expensive treatment. On the other, corpulence may extend life, meaning such treatment may be needed for many extra years. Expanding waistlines could be making people live longer, but sicker.
Related Content What Do They Call a Quarter Pounder With Cheese in Casablanca?
For a burger joint like Mickey D's, the Filet-O-Fish sandwich is surprisingly popular: Pirates would give their arm for one and apparently, whales eat “boatloads” of them. The Atlantic-Pollock based lunch item is consumed at a rate of 300 million a year— 23 percentof them are sold during Lent, and we can thank the Catholics in Ohio and a struggling business person for the fast food classic.
When Lou Groen opened the first McDonald's in the Cincinnati area in 1959, business was tough. McDonald's was new to the area—the McDonald brothers had only just begun to franchise their stores six years prior. Groen's son, Paul, who worked at their father's McDonald's for 20 years straight and later bought a few of their own, remembers how hard their parents worked to keep the business alive in the beginning.
As a child, Paul was paid 10 cents an hour to pick up the parking lot and keep the kitchen clean. “McDonald's wasn't the brand it is today back then—people didn't come to their little McDonald's, they went to Frisch's,” Paul says. According to a sales ledger from 1959 (pictured below), they and their wife made a total of $8,716 profit revenue in their first month of business.
“We make that much in one day now!” Paul says.
“Opening day, my father made $307.38 in sales. The restaurant only had two windows, one register at each window. There was no inside seating. How do you run a business on $300 a day? My mom and dad were just struggling to make it. My brother and sister worked for free for two years!”
Though Lou Groen's restaurant was one of 68 new franchises opened that year by founder Ray Kroc, there was something about Monfort Heights, Ohio, that didn't bode well for a little-known burger joint during Lent: About 87 percent of the population was Catholic. When Groen was 89, they recalled to the Chicago Tribune News:
I was struggling. The crew was my wife, myself, and a man named George. I did repairs, swept floors, you name it. But that area was 87 percent Catholic. On Fridays we only took in about $75 a day.
Groen was working ungodly hours and had twins to feed at home—$75 was not cutting it. They noticed that a restaurant nearby owned by the Big Boy chain was doing something different—they had a fish sandwich. “My dad told me, ‘If I'm gonna survive, I've got to come up with a fish sandwich,'” says Paul. So Groen went to work creating a simple, battered, halibut-based prototype, with a slice of cheese between two buns.
They did their research, investigating what the Big Boys chain was doing right, trying out different cost-effective recipes. They brought the idea to corporate in 1961. “The Filet-O-Fish sandwich was groundbreaking. My father went through a lot to introduce that sandwich,” Paul says. “He made a number of trips to Chicago to present the idea to Ray Kroc.”
In 1959, access to top management was somewhat easier, Paul says. There were only a handful of operators that Kroc dealt with—rather than the thousands of operators that exist today. Owners like Lou received more guidance from upper management. According to an interview with Groen in the Business Courier in 2006, McDonald's founder, Ray Kroc, was not all that excited about Groen's fishy dreams at first:
“You're always coming up here with a bunch of crap!” they told Groen. “I don't want my stores stunk up with the smell of fish.”
But Kroc's initial rejection of the idea may have come from a more selfish place. They had a meat alternative idea of their own, called the “Hula Burger,” a piece of grilled pineapple and cheese on a bun. But Kroc was willing to compromise: On Good Friday in 1962, both the Hula Burger and the Filet-O-Fish sandwiches would appear on the menu in selected locations—whichever sandwich sold the most would win. The final score? Hula Burger: 6, Filet-O-Fish: 350.
By 1965, the Filet-O-Fish, ”the fish that catches people”, became a staple on the McDonald's menu nationwide among other greats like the Big Mac and the Egg McMuffin. Kroc would later recall the failure of their pineapple creation and the success of the sandwich in their biography Grinding it Out: The Making of McDonald's noting:
“It was a giant flop when we tried it in our stores. One customer said, ‘I like the hula, but where's the burger?'”
According to the sales ledger from 1962 (pictured below) the first time Groen's halibut-based Filet-O-Fish was sold was Tuesday, February 13, 1962. (The whitefish sandwich we see today wasn't officially put on the menu until 1963). “This sales ledger, or ‘the Bible' as we used to call it, is an affirmation of the stuff I knew from the stories my father told me,” Paul says.”It really is a piece of family history—I look at these numbers here and I'm just amazed at the contrast.” In the first month of the Filet-O-Fish's existence, 2,324 total fish sandwiches were sold. The McDonald's corporation declined to provide current monthly averages.
Next to the total sales for February 13, the words “Predict—Fridays will equal Sat. Busi., maybe Sundays” are scratched into the margins of the record. Though Paul cannot confirm who initially scrawled this note onto the page, the prediction itself wasn't too far off from what came to fruition: The success of the sandwich during Lent would far surpass Groen's initial expectations.
The company has gone through plenty of advertisements for the sandwich, but one character in particular, remains somewhat elusive—Paul barely recalls the campaign. A cartoon by the name of Phil A. O'Fish had a brief stint as the face of the marketing campaign for Groen's invention in 1976. But by '77, the anthropomorphic sailor fish was nowhere to be seen, replaced by a simple advertisement that offered some “Food For Thought.”
By '78 the “Deliciously Different” sandwich stood its ground sans smiley mascot.
The fishy, Irish cartoon for the sandwich emerged right when the McDonaldland characters were taking over Mcdonald's ads and playscapes country-wide. Characters like the Hamburgerlar, Captain Crook, Mayor McCheese and—of course—Ronald McDonald were introduced in '71 when the chain's drive-ins were replaced by mansard-roofed restaurants. It was a fictional land that served as the basis for playgrounds attached to McDonald's restaurants where french fries grew from bushes, burgers popped out of the earth like flowers by “Filet-O-Fish Lake” and was home to Ronald McDonald and all of their friends.
By 1979, the McDonaldland gang became the face of the “Happy Meal Toys” promotion—Phil A. O'Fish was sleeping soundly in Davy Jones' locker by then. In 2009, a different fishy fellow took the spotlight with the popular “Gimme Back That Filet-O-Fish” commercial featuring a singing, bass wall decoration. It did so well on television and on YouTube, (reaching over one million views in 2009) that the corporation sold the singing fish commercially.
The Filet-O-Fish sandwich has featured real fish since Groen wrote up the recipe in the '60s (believe it or not). Whether the fish was sustainable, however, was up for debate. In the past, the company as well as other chains like Long John Silver's have used the New Zealand hoki fish, whose population has diminished significantly in the past few decades due to its wide commercial use.
But in late January, McDonald's announced the addition of the sustainable blue “ecolabel” from the Marine Stewardship Council which certifies that the Alaskan Pollock used in the sandwiches come from places with sustainable fishing practices. According to the MSC, McDonald's Corp. now gets all its fish in the U.S. from a single Alaskan Pollock fishery.
To celebrate the sandwich's 50 plus years of existence, McDonald's launched a new product just in time for Lent this year: Fishbites. The mini-morsels of battered and fried Atlantic Pollock are available through March 2013 in Philadelphia region restaurants. Though, if you ask the Groen family, Lou always said their orignal halibut-based recipe was better.
Groen passed away in May of 2011 and won't be able to taste the new variation of their original recipe, but their legacy lives on with Paul, now 62, who took over two McDonalds in Northgate and Tylersville when their father sold their 42 restaurants back to the company in 1986. Today, Paul owns 12 restaurants in Northern Kentucky along a 27-mile stretch of Interstate 75 and plans to pass the family business to two of their children.
Sign up for our free newsletter to receive the best stories from Smithsonian.com each week.
Freddie Marsh INDUCTED: Lifelong motorcycle enthusiast, racer, Indian and Moto Guzzi dealer.
Hillclimber from 1924 to 1988. Continues to ride into their 100's.
Freddie Marsh amassed an amateur racing career that lasted longer than many people live. Propelled by a love for motorcycling that persisted even after they surpassed 100 years of age, Marsh raced in seven different decades. They also owned dealerships in Connecticut from 1926 until the time of their death in 2003.
Born in Italy in 1900, Marsh came to the United States with their family while they were still an infant. Like so many other new immigrant families, Marsh's parents struggled to make a living. After their mother died when Freddie was 12, the family fell apart and Freddie found themselves living and working on a farm in Connecticut.
On that farm, they found the seed of a lifelong addiction in the form of the owner's motorcycle, which Freddie was allowed to ride around the fields and unpaved roads of the 100-acre farm. Those days were their first lessons in finding traction on dirt, and they would pay off many times over the coming decades.
Marsh used money they earned by working as a streetcar conductor in Hartford, Connecticut, to buy their first motorcycle, a Harley-Davidson, and later snagged a job at the Harley dealership. In 1922, they built what they described as "a home-brew motorcycle" to race in the 500cc class. Like so many other Harley riders of the time, they took one cylinder off their 1,000cc machine to go racing.
In 1926, Indian approached Marsh to see if they were interested in opening a dealership in Hartford. The Springfield, Massachusetts company had already passed its peak, but Indian made an offer Marsh couldn't refuse, so they quit their job at the Harley-Davidson shop and went into business selling Indians.
As a dealer, Marsh could get their hands on an Indian race bike. The race bikes of the era were little more than an engine, two wheels and a kill switch. With no brakes or transmission, racers would scrub off speed by hitting the kill switch in the corner.
Marsh traveled all over the Northeast racing flat-track, and somewhere along the line, maybe due to the determined look in their dark eyes or the way they rode, they picked up the nickname, "Demon."
For years after they gave up flat-track racing, Marsh continued to race hillclimbs. They built a variety of hillclimb machines from the Norton, AJS and other brands of machines they sold after Indian stopped producing motorcycles in 1953.
Marsh's many years as a dealer and a racer meant that motorcyclists all across the region knew of him.
"A lot of guys in their 50s and 60s will tell you they bought their first motorcycle from him," said Leo Castell, editor and publisher of The Motorcyclist's Post, a monthly magazine based in Connecticut. "Freddie's a real institution up here."
In their final years, Marsh spent their days at the Moto Guzzi dealership in East Windsor, Connecticut, that was run by their nephew, Allen Marks.
Even after they surpassed 100 years of age, Marsh rode an old, Indian-badged, 50cc scooter. Their frail health and failing eyesight meant they were limited to riding laps of the parking lot at their dealership, but they maintained that a regimen of riding 75 laps each morning was what kept them going. Their love of motorcycling was evident as they circled the lot, turning left in a smooth oval, just like in their dirt-track days, with a smile permanently in place.
Marsh died June 8, 2003.
Inducted in 2002.
REUTERS German Chancellor Angela Merkel at the NATO summit Friday
Around 40 presidents, prime ministers as well as hordes from foreign and defense ministries and around 3,000 advisors, secretaries and other officials were all smiles during the three-day NATO summit in Bucharest.
Optimistic about the state of the world, safe in the embrace of the happy NATO family, Angela Merkel, George W. Bush and friends almost seemed happily reenergized by the policy wrangling in the luxury palace in Bucharest. Symbolically it was the German chancellor who set the final tone. "I am very satisfied as I go home," they said before leaving for the airport.
At the very least, the much feared open row between the alliance partners had been avoided. And the dream of the outgoing US president of seeing the most powerful military alliance in the world enlarged was fulfilled -- at least partially. Croatia and Albania can now snuggle up under the NATO security blanket. And Macedonia should be able to join them as soon as its bizarre dispute with neighboring Greece over its name is put to rest.
But that was about it. All the other important decisions were postponed -- yet again. The allies didnt even dare begin the urgent discussions about strategies and plans. They were afraid that by doing so they would no longer be able to conceal the deep division that cuts right across the defense alliance. The old common enemy -- a Soviet-dominated Eastern Block -- is gone, having done away with itself. And NATO has so far not been able to agree on a new enemy. Is it to become the world's police officer now, or should it remain a self-defense pact?
The dispute over new members, the wrangling over communiqués and empty formulations cannot hide the true vacuum at the core of the ever-growing alliance. Instead of just talking about expansion, NATO needs a new concept, a justification for its existence, a guiding vision behind which all members can gather. "The Cold War is over," President Bush told their Russian colleagues on Friday. But what should follow on from that bipolar confrontation and the post-9/11 era is yet to be discussed.
There are completely different conceptions of who is protecting whom against whom and by what means. The alliance is militarily bigger and more powerful than ever -- yet politically weaker than it has ever been. There is a deep rift when it comes to all the important questions: On the one side the Americans and their friends in Eastern Europe, on the other the Germans, the French and their neighbors -- "Old Europe," in other words. And in the vain attempt to prevent these differences coming to the fore, the members in Bucharest preferred to postpone all important questions until the next summit.
AFP One big happy family?
A typical example was the dispute over whether to accept Georgia and Ukraine as members. While the new members from Eastern Europe, backed up by the US, wanted to set the two countries on the path to NATO membership, Western Europe was opposed.
Such a move would be, in the words of one French diplomat, "complete nonsense." The majority of Ukrainians dont want to join NATO. And as for Georgia, apart from its democratic deficits, its two territorial disputes with Russia, over Abkhazia and South Ossetia, would be a heavy burden for the alliance, particularly when it comes to its relationship with Moscow.
It was Russia that dominated the meeting in Bucharest. Yet when outgoing President Vladmir Putin arrived in Romania on the last day of the summit, no one really wanted to debate with him. The alliance was happy to accept their gift of allowing NATO supplies to be transported through Russian territory. Yet no one wanted to mention the difficult topics of the US's planned missile defense system or Russia's outspokenness on the issues of Georgia and Ukraine -- after all, Bush and Putin are going to speak fully about this at their meeting on Sunday.
NATO Secretary-General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer had always maintained that the summit in Romania would "hopefully send a strong signal" regarding a "new strategic concept" for NATO. They said the alliance needed a new concept for the fight against the Taliban and terror around the globe. And that is true. The present strategies were last adjusted in 1999 -- long before the terror attacks of Sept 11, 2001. Nevertheless, that fundamental discussion did not take place.
Postpone, adjourn and just don't argue -- this was the motto followed in Bucharest once again. And now that the summit is over, all eyes are on the next big event, the one that will be held jointly by Germany and France in Strasbourg and Kehl. However it looks highly unlikely that the essential discussions will take place there either -- the occasion is the 60th anniversary of the alliance and will be marked by huge celebrations.
Several members have already rejected the idea of having an extra working summit parallel to the anniversary bash -- after all, why debate when you can simply party?
As anyone with two brain cells to rub together already knows, math is political, and this includes the Western imperialist social construct known as geometry.
The main problem with so-called “modern education” is that it still relies far too heavily on cruel patriarchal delusions such as “facts” and “logic,” two discredited and debunked notions that have been demonstrated again and again to hurt the feelings of the oppressed and underprivileged. We, as a society, need math to be inclusive, and that naturally includes people who have problems with math.
This list is by no means intended to be comprehensive, but it should serve as a guide to all geometry teachers concerned with social justice that there are certain lines you should NOT cross while drawing lines on the blackboard.
1. Circles
Circles are potentially problematic because they are the shape of the planet Earth, and Republicans are standing in the way of not only a world without borders, they are also blocking comprehensive climate-change reform that would save the planet.
2. Rhombuses
The humble rhombus may look innocent, but in the minds of racists and imperialists, it is a dog-whistle—actually, a shape-whistle—that represents the “blood diamonds” which have torn apart sub-Saharan Africa.
3. Pentagons
This should be obvious to everyone who isn't a warmongering asshole, but the pentagon is actually a shape-whistle for a pentagram, the satanic symbol which secretly represents the so-called “Pentagon” building in Washington, DC, which is the seat of America's continuing wars of aggression as well as white males' collective sexual anxieties.
4. Parallelograms
Try saying “parallelogram” five times fast. Now, imagine that you have a speech impediment. The parallelogram is obviously so named in order to shame students with speech impediments from speaking up in class, therefore dooming them to career failure and lifelong loneliness.
5. Octagons
The eight-sided octagon in its most sinister form takes the shape of the seemingly benign “STOP” sign, which is yet another shape-whistle that the Tea Party uses to stop women, minorities, gays, and the crippled from making progress.
6. Ellipses
This egg-like geometric shape could be mistaken for either an ovary or a testicle, which may lead to confusion and subsequent derision. It is therefore innately transphobic.
7. Crescents
Americans who are on the wrong side of history—basically, all Americans who don't live in large cities and still cling bitterly to their Bibles and guns—are highly Islamophobic. Whenever they see a crescent, even if it isn't intentionally an Islamic one, they are prone to shoot.
8. Triangles
White supremacists and European colonialists are by nature historical revisionists who deny that their people lived in caves while Africa was a flourishing civilization with flying cars and highly advanced dentistry techniques. They don't like to acknowledge that the Egyptian pyramids were designed and built by black people.
We're all in this together, people, so please feel free to suggest your own problematic shapes in the comments. And if you don't think any of the shapes I listed here are problematic, you are obviously part of the problem.
Today, controversial pharmaceutical CEO Martin Shkreli was summoned by Congress to testify in a hearing about drug prices. Shkreli plead the fifth when answering almost all of the hearing's questions—even when it came to discussing Once Upon a Time in Shaolin, the one-of-a-kind Wu-Tang Clan album they paid millions for. Watch them get asked about the album below at the 3:40 mark.
At one point, a frustrated South Carolina Representative Trey Gowdy (the guy who attempted to grill Hillary Clinton over Benghazi, you might remember) said: "We can even talk about the purchase of Wu-Tang Clan—is that the name of the album? The name of the group?"
Shkreli, of course, plead the fifth. Gowdy's response: "I am stunned that a conversation about an album they purchased could possibly subject them to incrimination."
Shkreli separately tweeted: "Hard to accept that these imbeciles represent the people in our government."
Embedded content is unavailable.
NEW DELHI: Infosys will pay its new chief executive officer Vishal Sikka up to $5.08 million in annual salary besides a stock option of $2 million, a package considered lower than global peers.Sikka, 47, will replace SD Shibulal and take charge on August 1.India's second-largest software services exporter sent out a circular calling for an extraordinary general meeting (EGM) of company shareholders on July 30 at Bangalore to approve appointment of Sikka as the new chief executive officer (CEO).According to the circular, Sikka will be paid an annual base salary of $9,00,000 and annual variable pay of $4.18 million.The former SAP executive will also be eligible to receive an annual stock option equal to $2 million in value.Sikka's total compensation package of $7.08 million, including stock options, compares to $18 million Microsoft pays to its chief executive, $16.2 million IBM CEO gets and $14.4 million Citibank CEO receives.Hit by several top-level exits, Infosys last month undertook a major shake-up bringing in for the first time an outsider, Vishal Sikka, as CEO even as mentor NR Narayana Murthy and their son Rohan stepped down four years ahead of their tenure.Sikka, 47, who was previously executive board member of German IT firm SAP, will replace SD Shibulal, one of the seven engineers who founded Infosys in 1981, from August 1.Along with Murthy, who upon return from retirement in June last year wanted five years as chairperson to turn around the sagging fortunes of Infosys, executive vice chairperson S Gopalakrishnan will also step down on June 14.Since their return, Infosys had seen 11 top-level exits including that of CFO V Balakrishnan, global manufacturing head Ashok Vemuri and President BG Srinivas.Murthy will be replaced by veteran banker KV Kamath as non-executive Chairman of the Infosys board.Infosys, in the circular, said Sikka will be appointed for a five year period ending June 13, 2019.Murthy will be designated chairperson emeritus from October 11, the day Kamath will assume the role of non-executive chairperson.Sikka, who quit SAP in May, comes in after four straight years of narrowing margins at Infosys.A Stanford University computer science PhD graduate, Sikka oversaw the development of new products, including a platform for quickly analysing large databases, as chief technology officer at SAP, the world's largest maker of business-management software.
The computer-security firm Symantec says it may have found some of the most sophisticated malicious software ever made. The cyber-espionage bug, called Regin, has been making attacks for many years without being caught.
Most malware – which you are tricked into loading when you access free software, illegal film downloads or pornography sites – wants to spread as widely as possible. It aims to gather data that can be used for malicious purposes, such as holding your device ransom. That is why it spreads indiscriminately. The six-year-old Regin malware is different. It is unlikely to accidentally infect your system, unless the attacker wants that to happen.
The Swiss army knife of malware
Regin makes use of multiple stages to complete its attack. Once the victim is duped into loading the trojan application, by sending you an email with an infected attachment, it will download encrypted components needed for the attack. This allows the trojan to be easily adapt remotely, which makes it difficult for any anti-malware software to keep up.
Regin is more cunning still. As each component is downloaded, decrypted and activated, it then downloads another component. Each potentially different and very difficult to detect. Eventually it installs a kernel, the core application that runs the malware. It then loads its own “user framework” a collection of applications and system calls that talk to the kernel. All this enables Regin to access data on the attacked computer and spy as it is directed to.
Regins seems to be the Swiss army knife of malware, adapting to the user and the intended attack, adding different tools and resources in a stealthy stepwise manner. One victim gets one unique set of tools, and another victim gets a completely different set.
The tools Regin deploys include key loggers (recording which buttons on the keyboard are pressed), mouse-click monitors, network-traffic monitoring, screen capturing software and tools that log messenger chats.
This multi-staged attack has the hallmarks of a complex capable agency. The suspicion is that a western intelligence agency is behind Regin. The release pattern suggests that the period between 2008 and 2011 was used for field trials. Since then attacks have been highly targeted. Russia and Saudi Arabia top the list among of those attacked so far.
Should I panic?
The variant discovered by Symantec will have already been included in their database. Anti-malware companies compete for customers, but they do share intelligence ensuring that no single provider is vulnerable. This means that, if you are using an anti-malware application and have enabled it to download all current malware definitions, you will be already protected or should receive protection in less than 48 hours.
But they have only been able to detect and respond to one variant. There are others and there will be more. Anti-malware companies play a cat and mouse game with cyber-criminals and malware creators. This situation is no different. The interesting part is that the attacks do not seem to be random. Like Stuxnet, which was used to attack Iran's nuclear facilities, and Stuxnet-like malware, Duqu, Regin's attacks have been highly targeted.
This is why I do not think that you will be affected (unless you have good reasons to be concerned). But I do strongly advise everybody to ensure that their anti-malware applications are kept up to date.
1964 Sears Christmas Catalog
$5,300 for the basic console TV model and $5,650 for the more expensive model. Pictured above are some color TVs from the 627 page 1964 Sears Christmas Catalog, available here at WishbookWeb along with many other Christmas catalogs from 1933 to 1988. The original prices are listed ($750 for the Sears color TV console and $800 for the more expansive one), and those prices are also shown converted to today's dollars using the BLS Inflation Calculator
To put that in perspective, the pictures below illustrate what $5,300 in today's dollars would buy in the 2010 marketplace:
Bottom Line: For a consumer or household spending $750 in 1964, all they would have been able to afford was a console color TV from the Sears Christmas catalog. A consumer or household spending that same amount of inflation-adjusted dollars today ($5,300) would be able to furnish their entire kitchen with 8 brand-new appliances (refrigerator, freezer, dishwasher, range, washer, dryer, microwave and blender) and buy 9 state-of-the-art electronic items (laptop, GPS, camera, home theater, plasma HDTV, iPod Touch, Blu-ray player, 300-CD changer and a Tivo recorder). And of course, even a billionaire in 1964 wouldn't have been able to purchase many of the items that even a teenager can afford today, e.g. laptop, GPS, digital camera.
As much as we might complain about high unemployment, high taxes, a huge deficit, we have a lot to be thankful for, and we've made a lot of economic progress since the 1960s as the example above illustrates, thanks to the "magic of the marketplace."
Former Major League Baseball player and current MASN TV analyst Ray Knight is out of jail and getting ready for their court appearance on January 8.
“It seemed to me that it might have been some kind of domestic dispute,” said Knight's neighbor, who did not want to be identified. “They were swearing at each other, voices were raised.”
Neighbors say they heard loud noises coming from their apartment on Sunday around 4 a.m.
Police say the scuffle, began when Knight got into an argument with a male acquaintance, which became physical.
The fight resulted in visible injuries for both men.
RELATED: Former MLB player, MASN TV analyst Ray Knight accused of assaulting man during argument
“(My wife) saw one person swing at the other person. Like physical swing. Like a punch was thrown,” said Knight's neighbor. “I just didn't want somebody to get hurt.”
“I had no idea who they are, or anything of that sort,” said Knight's neighbor.
Knight plans on explaining their side of the story in court.
“Do you think you did anything wrong? Asked ABC7's Anna-Lysa Gayle.
“I feel like I'll be exonerated,” said Knight.
 They are charged with assault and battery.
The Apache Derby project is pleased to announce feature release 10.11.1.1. Apache Derby is a subproject of the Apache DB project. Derby is a pure Java relational database engine which conforms to the ISO/ANSI SQL and JDBC standards. Derby aims to be easy for developers and end-users to work with. Derby 10.11.1.1 can be obtained from the Derby download site: http://db.apache.org/derby/derby_downloads.html. Derby 10.11.1.1 contains the following new features: * MERGE statement - MERGE is a single, join-driven statement which INSERTs, UPDATEs, and DELETEs rows. * Deferrable constraints - Constraint enforcement can now be deferred, typically to the end of a transaction. * WHEN clause in CREATE TRIGGER - An optional WHEN clause has been added which determines which rows fire a trigger. * Rolling log file - The Derby diagnostic log can now be split across a sequence of files. * Experimental Lucene support - Derby text columns can now be indexed and queried via Apache Lucene. * Simple case expression - The "simple" and "extended" syntax for CASE expressions has been added. * Better concurrency for identity columns - The concurrency of identity columns has been boosted. * New ij HoldForConnection command - A new ij command has been added to change the default cursor holdability. * Standard syntax for altering column nullability - Standard syntax has been added for altering the nullability of columns. In addition, Derby 10.11.1.1 contains many bug, security, and documentation fixes. Please try out this new release.
Take a moment to consider your company's cybersecurity efforts. Do you picture your IT and security teams devising proactive technical solutions and dealing with threats? If so, that's a typical and valid response.
Yet, there's another key piece that most companies don't consider: business process. The ins and outs of how your company works affects cybersecurity more than you know.
Ken Chodnicki, COO at Deep Run Security, a consulting firm in Baltimore, Maryland speaks passionately about the inseparable nature of business process and cybersecurity. “Risk management, especially cyber risk management, is unquestionably bound to business process. But, business process isn't a glamorous topic and companies don't like to think or talk about it.”
Consulting firms who understand the critical connection between business process and cybersecurity see an obvious need to help companies reshape their current approaches. “Fundamentally, we believe the weakness is not directly in the technology on the market. History has shown the weakness to be in how the technology is utilized and the maturity of the tools and operations therein,” notes the Deep Run website. For many consulting companies in this space, their beliefs are applied through a range of services that often begin with a long, hard look “under the hood” followed by process mapping that enhances cybersecurity.
These services appeal to companies that, at all levels, seek to understand where they currently stand and where they need to be in order to be more secure. Some consulting firms have found that one of the most empowering things a newly appointed C-level executive can have is an unbiased starting point, which gives them visibility and clarity regarding information security.
Gary Merry, CEO of Deep Run, adds to this idea by stating, “Yes, we need innovative technology, and yes, IT must do all they can to protect our data, but security is not the sole purview of IT – it is everybody's job.”
Merry closes with, “The concept of making security part of your business is not a new concept. But, unfortunately, it's hard. It's exponentially harder to make a cultural change to a business, especially with technology as the protagonist.”
Since Greg Abbott signed Senate Bill 4 (SB 4) into law under cover of night in early May, activists and politicians have come together in hopes of dismantling the harmful sanctuary cities ban before it goes into effect on September 1. They've protested. They've put pressure on elected officials. And they've raised legal challenges. Next week, 15 young women – aged 15 to 16 – will don puffy, bright quinceañera dresses to combat the hate and racism that led to SB 4 while simultaneously celebrating their culture. Hosted by Jolt – a nonprofit that gives Latinos the tools and support they need to affect change – Quinceañeras at the Capitol will draw attention to the negative effects of SB 4.
“The idea for Quinceañeras at the Capitol came from one of our volunteers,” Tania Mejia, Jolt's communications director, told Remezcla through email. “She had been going to the Capitol for rallies and events against SB4 and saw young women taking quinceañera photos at the Capitol. We thought that this event would be a great way to show people that this is our home, celebrate our culture, and send the message that young Latinas are standing up to the ongoing attacks on our community by our elected officials who work at the Capitol.”
At the event – which takes place on Wednesday, July 19 – the women will take turns reciting 15 reasons why they're against SB 4. And much like at any quinceañera, the young women will perform a choreographed dance. The only difference is they've strictly chosen songs with strong political messages. K'naan, Residente, Riz MC, and Snow Tha Product's “Immigrants (We Get the Job Done)” as well as Los Tigres del Norte's “Somos Más Americanos” will blare through the capitol.
The quinceañeras hope their efforts will motivate other young Latinx to join the fight, and as September 1 nears, Texans's resistance is especially crucial. Enacting the law will do more than ban sanctuary cities. SB 4, which has earned comparisons to Arizona's “show me your papers” law (SB 1070), allows police officers to ask children about their immigration status, encourages racial profiling because of a “show me your papers” clause, and gives law enforcement permission to target the most vulnerable undocumented immigrants at homeless shelters and domestic violence centers.
SB 4 will force all officials to carry out anti-immigrant policies. Failure to comply with the provisions laid out in the bill could result in a penalty of $1,500 for the first time, and then $25,500 for each subsequent offense.
It's not a future these 15 young women want for Texas, and that's where the quinceañera comes into play. “Quinceañeras aren't just about parties – they are coming-of-age celebrations that strengthen the bonds of family,” Mejia added. “They are also about uniting community in celebration, which is what we need to do to stop hateful and racist policies that hurt Latinos.”
Quinceañeras at the Capitol will take place on July 19 on the Capitol Steps starting at 10 a.m. Learn more about the event here.
The Hummingbird Palace is an outdoor sculpture installation made to change and evolve over time. The piece addresses the issues of fragile systems and how they might interact with one another. The basic idea of the piece is simple; a sculptural structure was constructed upon which flowering vines will grow. The vines will alter the structure while simultaneously attracting hummingbirds.
The Hummingbird Palace begins with an ethereal structure made primarily of thin welded steel rod, translucent threadline, epoxy putty, clear silicon rubber and urethane. It's appearance is that of a sugar structure covered with weblike drips. The size of the structure is 15 feet high. It is enclosed in a boundary fence for visual and safety purposes.
After the structure was installed, flowering vines – both perennials and annuals - were planted at its base and along the inside of the boundary fence. The whole structure, with it's many horizontal and vertical threadlines will serve as a perfect support for the vines to grow up and through.
The vines selected are plants that are great attractors of hummingbirds. Grow it and they will come. Additionally, 10 tiny hummingbird feeders have been placed atop the poles of the boundary fence. As there have been marked stresses on hummingbird habitat in recent years, it will be an auxiliary benefit that the piece will highlight the wonder of hummingbirds and the need to provide them with habitat.
The Hummingbird Palace will be left to evolve indefinitely. Visitors can walk by and around the Hummingbird Palace over a variety of seasons and years, enjoying its evolving nature as it unfolds.
The restoration of the gearwheel found in Olbia (Sardinia, Italy) in 2006 by the Superintendence for Archaeological Heritage, dated between the mid-2nd century and the end of the 3rd century BC, has revealed a very important surprise: the teeth have a special curving which make them extraordinarily similar to the mathematically perfect profile used in modern gears. Moreover, the unusual composition of the alloy (brass) was completely unexpected. As it turns out, the gear is very scientifically advanced despite being constructed before all other known mechanisms to date. Considering the perfect correlation between the scientific evidence and historical, literary and archaeological studies, it does not seem rash to conclude that the fragment from Olbia was an integral part of the Archimedes Planetarium (Orrery).
The Archimedes Planetarium
The Archimedes Planetarium was one of the most admired technical achievements in antiquity. The best information on this apparatus is given by Cicero, who writes that in the year 212 BC, when Syracuse was sacked by Roman troops, the consul Marcus Claudius Marcellus brought an apparatus constructed by Archimedes to Rome that reproduced the vault of the sky on a sphere, and another that predicted the apparent motions of the Sun, Moon and planets, thus corresponding to a modern planetarium. Cicero, referring to the impressions of Gaius Sulpicius Gallus, who had been able to observe the extraordinary object in person, points out that the genius Archimedes was able to generate the motions of planets, each so different from the next, with a single rotation. Archimedes had described the construction of the Planetarium in the work On Sphere-Making . News of the work, now considered lost, was reported by Pappus of Alexandria.
A sketch proposing what Archimedes' Planetarium looked like ( museo galileo )
Ancient knowledge of the cosmos
The discovery of the Antikythera Planetarium in 1902, a gear device that dates back to the first half of the 1st century BC also shows how the ancient people developed mechanisms designed to represent the motion of the stars, which in turn has rekindled interest of the Archimedes Planetarium.
The Antikythera mechanism / planetarium discovered in 1902 ( public domain )
With the discovery in 2006 in Olbia of the fragment of an ancient gear, scientifically and technically more advanced than the gear of Antikythera, and after deep, careful and thorough studies considered part of a planetarium designed by Archimedes, it has shed a new and unexpected light on the magnitude of scientific thought of the genius of Syracuse. The scientific and mathematical studies of the find have shown that many inventions that we consider modern had in fact already been developed and designed by Archimedes over two thousand years before.
The importance of the find, also, is in the fact that to date only a few written works by Archimedes have ever been retrieved (Codices A, B and C) through transcriptions and translations in Greek, Arabic and Latin. Codex C is the oldest Archimedes Codex, the only one still written in Greek on a parchment paper with laid lines in 975, and which became Palimpsest in Jerusalem in 1229, and it is still the subject of studies in the United States. Of Archimedes' machines, however, it was thought nothing had survived. The find, although small, is not a simple piece of crockery, but instead a great testimony and thus a new, unique and unexpected contribution to the scientific knowledge of the great Archimedes.
The Archimedes Palimpsest revealed works by Archimedes thought to have been lost ( public domain )
The knowledge of epicyclic motion, also known as planetary motion, necessary for the design of the planetary gear in the Planetarium of Antikythera and in the tooth profile of the gear of Archimedes, allows us to assume that some ancient Greek scientists knew the planetary motion of celestial bodies and had achieved the same results later attributed to modern scientists 2000 years later. I assume that the planetary gear could have been used, given the particular kinematic similarity, as a mathematical model for the calculation of planetary motion in the heavens.
The discovery of the Olbia gear
In July 2006, during an emergency excavation in the municipal market square in the city of Olbia, a fragment of a toothed wheel of 43 mm (1.6929 inches) was found. The Superintendence for the Archaeological Heritage of Sardinia, who directed the excavation, gave due importance to a seemingly insignificant and oxidized metal fragment. The find appeared similar to the gears of the Antikythera Mechanism, discovered in Greece, conserved in the National Archaeological Museum of Athens, and much talked about in that period because further modern tomographic analysis was being carried out in Athens. The correct dating of the find of Olbia in the archaeological record of the layer, sealed by the already ancient upper one, was determined by the Superintendence for Archaeological Heritage. The find, and the whole layer of the excavation, was dated from the late 3rd to half of the 2nd century BC, for the presence of other easily datable finds, all pertaining to the same period.
The day after the discovery the Superintendent invited me to scientifically study the mechanical artifact by virtue of my forty years of expertise and experience in the design and construction of the modern gears, and especially having long studied and also published works on other ancient gear mechanisms, including Antikythera.
Studying the gear of Olbia
The gear teeth of Olbia, at the time of discovery, seemed to have a triangular profile, such as the Antikythera calculator, which dates back to the 1st century BC, and other similar mechanisms made in later centuries, whose meshing, however, is very coarse.
After restoration, however, a very important surprise emerged: the teeth were not triangular in shape but the flanks had a special curvature. When I examined the high-resolution photographs of the find, with the teeth cleaned of oxide, I saw the extraordinary similitude with curved teeth of modern gears, whose "conjugate profile" is the result of accurate and deep mathematical studies formulated by eminent scientists in the 18th century. Another surprise was the results from of the instrumental analysis by SEM, performed by the Superintendence on the find, which showed that the alloy was not bronze, as would be expected because it was very common in antiquity, but brass, an alloy of copper and zinc much more rare and precious than bronze due to difficulties in manufacturing it, but more appropriate for the construction of the gears thanks to better mechanical and technological properties. The gear is therefore more scientifically advanced, that is in terms of metallurgy and mathematics, even though it was made before all the other mechanisms we have seen so far. This means that those who had created the profile had mathematical knowledge and were also learned in metal technology, at least 20 centuries ahead of their time. This unique profile makes the mathematical meshing technically perfect and this can only be the result of a brilliant mind. The author's first thought concerning the gear went to Archimedes of Syracuse, both because they were the most esteemed mathematician of their time, and also because we know from classical literary sources (Cicero, Ovid, Lactantius, Claudio) that they had built a Planetarium, presumably with gears. Given the perfect correlation between the evidence and the historical, literary and archaeological data, and which I will discuss later, it seems safe to conclude that the fragment was an integral part of Olbia in the Archimedes Planetarium.
Top: Archimedes Thoughtful by Fetti, 1620 ( public domain ). Bottom: illustration of the Olbia gear (image supplied by author)
As can be noted from the many published articles, the extraordinary findings seen in the mathematical study of the profile of the teeth were immediately released in print, online and in other national and international scientific conferences. The extraordinary and certain incontrovertible scientific evidence was that the construction of the piece was obviously scientifically superior to all other gear mechanisms that we are aware of, made in the following twenty centuries. However, despite the fact that the scientific and engineering study of the find conducted by the writer took several years of intense and demanding work, the decision on its attribution was not taken immediately rashly, superficially or even lightly. It was not easy because I was aware of the enormous responsibility that would be derived from the concluding remarks. Precisely because of the unexpected findings that, as I said, have emerged from the first comparative mathematical analysis, further confirmation and insight was needed in order to come to the decision of the attribution to the Planetarium of Archimedes at the end of a long, thoughtful and suffered path of study and research.
The study's findings were published in a few essential lines in the proceedings of the XVIII International Congress of studies on “Roman Africa” held in Olbia on 11 to 14 December 2008. Due to the vast amount of work compared to the space available in the publication referred to above, it was not possible to report the whole study and the scientific and engineering aspects were removed. After much thought I felt a special publication was needed in which to present a complete study of the find. This is because I felt a duty to universal culture and the history of science to give a complete view of the gear of the study, especially the scientific and engineering aspects that were fundamental and decisive for the attribution of the gear to the Archimedes Planetarium. In my book The Recovered Archimedes Planetarium , all the reasons and scientific texts are listed which led me to attribute the fragment of the gear found in Olbia at the Planetarium of Archimedes.
Featured image: The Olbia gear. Image supplied by author.
This article has been extracted from The Recovered Archimedes Planetarium and has been republished with permission. For more information, please visit: http://www.giovannipastore.it/ARCHIMEDES.htm
By Giovanni Pastore
We all would agree that The Rock aka Dwayne Johnson is without question the most successful wrestler in their post in-ring career.  They are legitimately one of the most sought after leading men in Hollywood. Other WWE superstars have made movies a list that includes Stone Cold Steve Austin, Hulk Hogan, John Cena, Roddy Piper, Randy Orton, Triple H and even The Miz. None of those people and some of the many others we could have listed hold a candle to The Rock.He was recently profiled in Fortune Magazine as the piece they wrote describes the Rock's story that all WWE fans are well familiar with at this stage. How their family struggled to get by living off the wrestling business. How Dwayne would go to the University of Miami one of the top college football programs in the country but would eventually be replaced by eventual NFL Hall of Famer Warren Sapp. This would take their journey to Canada to try to keep their football dream alive in the CFL. They would never play a game for Calgary and be cut from the practice roster. They would return home with seven bucks in their pocket and decide to join the family business at the reluctance of their father Rocky Johnson. They would have a rocky start before they would become one on the biggest stars in wrestling history. They were offered a small role in a movie with one line that would end up getting their own spin off movie based on their character. They were off to the races from there and eventually became to big a movie star to remain in wrestling.He has made returns since popping in and out making a series of appearances tied to Wrestlemanias 27-29. Along the way, working with John Cena and C.M Punk, two of the biggest stars in the current WWE landscape at the time. They have made one off appearances on a somewhat regular basis since that time back in 2011. Reading the Fortunate article makes you wonder if that will be possible going forward. Their last appearance with the WWE there was a vague tease to a match between themselves and Triple H at a Wrestlemania to be determined. While many speculate about it being this upcoming mania it likely makes more sense to be the following year. The WWE will attempt to fill AT&T Stadium that could have a set up that would allow the WWE to shoot for 100.000 people to attend a Wrestlemania.One wonders where the Rock would have the time reading this article, which focuses on the production company they own and works with their ex-wife Danny Garcia. The length list of projects the Rock is to be involved in makes the idea of them coming back to wrestle and be a part of anything in a major way seem next to impossible.Also factor in the WWE is losing money with the lack of success of the WWE Network can they even afford The Rock even if they are willing to cut them some kind of home team discount for their services. You also factor in that the last time they worked a match with John Cena they ended up being injured and thus they would appear at Wrestlemania 30 as a surprise but did nothing but cut a promo with Austin and Hogan.Rock was set to make Hercules coming out of that match with Cena. They would literally be rehabilitating them self during the making of that movie. They wowed Hollywood with their ability to play hurt during the making of that film. In wrestling that is more the expected than the celebrated to work injured. Still it left a bad taste in most Hollywood people's mouths about The Rock going back to play wrestler. So it makes the idea of them wrestling another match seem to be a real question mark.It would make a ton of sense to see them work with their cousin Roman Reigns who like the Rock played at a Division I school in Georgia Tech and would see their football goals take them to Canada to play for Edmonton. Unlike their more famous cousin, Roman would play five games for Edmonton but they too would eventually go into the family business. Roman is pegged to be the next big star to replace John Cena and they need The Rock's help far more than John Cena ever did.Still you have to wonder if The Rock's success outside of wrestling is going to prevent them from ever being able to have a legitimate program of any kind going forward. At 42 years old, they are in their prime still for acting but in terms of wrestling, it is near the end of the line for most around this age if they have the means to retire.The Rock has means too and than some. They only seem to come back to the WWE to have fun and to give some form of thanks for them helping them get into the acting world in which they have risen to the top. It is a great bio piece on The Rock and it really makes you take a step back and see how well they have done in their post-wrestling career. There likely will never be anyone more successful after their or their time in the ring than Dwayne Johnson.What the future holds with Rock and WWE remains a question mark. It seems to be a relationship that they still value and the WWE should be eternally grateful for that. Rock may be their own billionaire soon enough if they aren't already.
