The veteran shortstop is locked in a race for a starting job with Luis Sardinas. And given the constricts of the Padres' roster, the loser of that battle could be on the outside looking in when the 25-man squad is unveiled next week.
PEORIA, Ariz. -- Erick Aybar has a job to win.
The veteran shortstop is locked in a race for a starting job with Luis Sardinas. And given the constricts of the Padres' roster, the loser of that battle could be on the outside looking in when the 25-man squad is unveiled next week.
View Full Game Coverage
To their credit, however, Aybar hasn't backed down from their role as a veteran presence on a young Padres offense. He's spent plenty of time working with Sardinas and Rule 5 Draft pick Allen Cordoba -- the very two players who could push them out of a roster spot.
"It's really not about thinking competition," Aybar, who drove in a run in Wednesday's 6-2 loss, said through an interpreter. "I'm just going to do what I've done my whole career. We're a team here. I'm going to help guys, talk to guys and be the person I've always been and not really think about the fact that I'm competing for a spot. That has to be out of my head."
Aybar plans to let their on-field performance do the talking. Thus far, he's been the most impressive shortstop candidate, hitting .293. Defensively, Aybar was one of the game's better shortstops for half a decade. But he's seen a steep decline over the past four years.
During the offseason, Aybar had sports hernia surgery and says it's helped with their quick movements.
"Any time you're not able to go 100 percent, it's going to affect you," Aybar said. "For me last year, I didn't feel great going side to side or breaking really sharply, whether it was coming in or moving laterally. Now, I don't have any effects of that. I feel like I can do all those things."
Video: CIN@SD: Aybar makes a tough pick, turns two
At 33, Aybar will never be confused for the Padres' shortstop of the future. It's fair to ask how exactly they fit in the organization's youth movement. Last season, the Padres also experimented with a stopgap veteran in Alexei Ramirez. That didn't go well.
Before the Padres signed Aybar, manager Andy Green spoke with several people in the Angels' organization, who raved about Aybar's leadership qualities.
"Coaches loved him, players loved him, it's easy to see why," Green said. "His mind works really well on a baseball field. He's invested in other people, and they play with some joy out there. There's a lot to like."
Video: Andy Green on Aybar, raw emotions
Said Jered Weaver, Aybar's teammate in Anaheim and now with the Padres: "He's going to help out the young kids. He's very smart out there. He's one of those guys that is one step ahead of the play before it happens. He's a great veteran presence and one of the best teammates I've ever had."
Aybar's Padres fate will soon be determined. They could very well miss out on an Opening Day roster spot, while a pair of youthful higher-upside options take their place.
The thing is, when Aybar signed with the Padres, it was in part because they wanted to be around that youth.
"It's such a young team," Aybar said. "You have a lot of youth both on the position-player side and the pitching side. You've got young guys that are ready to give it 100 percent. That was pretty exciting. ... I think I can help in a lot of different areas, just being able to be with the guys, working together, being around them and giving advice."
Presently at all ovals aside from Indianapolis Motor Speedway, the running order in one-by-one qualifying is decided by names picked out of a hat.
With the early runners encountering the least favorable track conditions, this can mean championship contenders randomly ending up at different ends of the grid with very little control over their own destiny.
Reigning champion Newgarden told Motorsport.com that is far too random, and an unlucky pick could even swing the title battle.
“We often run with the [Cooper Tires-equipped] Mazda Road To Indy guys, or the [Goodyear-equipped] NASCAR Truck guys, and their tires don't necessarily work well with our Firestones. So that means the first 10 IndyCar guys out there in qualifying are just cleaning the track for the next 10 or 12, and the track just gets better and better.
“I mean, you see that even in road and street course qualifying, right? We all sit there and let others clear the track surface and the fast times come at the end of the session, almost always. Well in oval qualifying, you don't have that luxury – your running order is decided already, and if you're one of the first guys and your main rivals are some of the last guys, you're at a major disadvantage.
“So I've talked with Jay [Frye, president of competition and operations] about it, because they've got to do something next year to make it more fair. They need to reward performance by going later; we can't be having the order decided by drawing names out of a hat!
“I think you should reward practice results. There's a lot that goes with that. They're going to have to figure out how to run the cars through tech another time to make sure people aren't cheating in practice to get a favorable slot in the running order. But I'm sure they can figure out some way – practice speeds or maybe points standings – to do it a better way that's not totally random.
Teammate Power said: “I think maybe you could do it based on oval championship points, and the reason I say that instead of overall points is that it wouldn't be fair on Ed Carpenter [who only races on ovals] having to go first every time!
“But, I don't think you should include the double points from Indy because that can spread the points so far apart that you'd end up with the running order at the next few ovals.”
Power agreed with Newgarden that setting the running order by flipping the practice speeds on their head – the slowest first, the fastest last – would work too, and said they don't believe teams would cheat in order to get a better running slot.
“Nah, I don't see that happening because I can't think of any drivers or race engineers who'd want to,” they said. “We get so little practice on ovals that you've gotta be mad to start wasting time running an illegal car just for a better grid position. You want all your track time to be about getting a good setup – a legal one! – sorted for the race, and then a bit for qualifying too.”
Asked if they thought IndyCar or its fans prefer the idea of a mixed up running order, Power said: “Well… maybe. I suppose there's a compromise where, if you base it on oval points, the bottom 10 pick their running order and they go out first, but they can't be higher than 11th, and then the top 10 pick their running order and they can't be lower than 10th. So you've still got that random element but the main contenders aren't at different ends of the grid.
“I don't know. But yeah, it needs to be done better than how it is now. The sport's too competitive to be playing games where one championship contender goes first and gets screwed, and their rivals go last and end up at the front.”
Asked if heat races, as IndyCar experimented with at Iowa in 2013, were the answer, Power said: "No. They were terrible. We all just cruised around, because we didn't want to risk our cars."
Swan Tom Papley has been rushed back in off the long-term injury list
SYDNEY has sprung a major selection surprise by naming small forward Tom Papley for their first game of the season against West Coast at Domain Stadium on Thursday night.
Papley had knee surgery in December to relieve the symptoms of compartment syndrome and was placed on the long-term injury list in February.
The pressure forward was only reinstated to the primary list on Wednesday after having not played any NEAFL games.
See the full teams here
Papley booted 29 goals from 20 games as a rookie in 2016.
The Swans will go into the clash against West Coast with only former Eagle Callum Sinclair in the ruck, with big man Sam Naismith to miss with a knee injury. The big Swan hurt their knee at training this week and couldn't be considered while young ruckman Darcy Cameron was ruled out after injuring their shoulder in the NEAFL last week.
There had been speculation the Swans would name Kurt Tippett for the game and make a call on their availability at the last minute, but they have not recovered in time from an ankle injury suffered against the Western Bulldogs in round two.
Defender Harry Cunningham has been recalled, with Jordan Dawson omitted from a Swans side that is yet to win a game this season.
Rookie-listed Lewis Melican, upgraded to the senior list on Wednesday afternoon, has been named as an emergency for the Swans.
Dawson and Brandon Jack are the other listed emergencies.
The Eagles have dropped running wingman Lewis Jetta for the match-up against their old side after they collected just 14 disposals against Richmond last Saturday.
Midfielder Mark Hutchings has also been axed after gathering 16 touches against the Tigers.
Third-year Eagle Liam Duggan will play their first game of the year after being limited by a pre-season hamstring injury.
Duggan has averaged 23 disposals at WAFL level for East Perth this season.
Veteran defender Sam Butler will also play their first game of the year for the Eagles.
Dom Sheed has been named as an emergency despite racking up 37 disposals for East Perth at the weekend.
Will Schofield and Kurt Mutimer are the other Eagles emergencies, with veteran backman Eric Mackenzie again missing out.
Thursday April 13
West Coast v Sydney, Domain Stadium, 6.10pm AWST
WEST COAST
In: Sam Butler, Liam Duggan
Out: Mark Hutchings (omitted), Lewis Jetta (omitted)
SYDNEY
In: Harry Cunningham, Tom Papley
Out: Sam Naismith (knee), Jordan Dawson (omitted)
Polls show that racial relations have gotten much worse under Barack Obama. Why has that happened?
by Victor Davis Hanson // PJ Media
Why do polls show that racial relations have gotten much worse under Barack Obama, who won the White House with over 95% of the black — and 45% of the white — vote?
A recent New York Times/CBS News poll [1] just revealed that about 60% of Americans feel race relations are not good. Some 40% think that they will become even worse. Yet when Obama was elected, 66% of those polled felt race relations were generally OK. All racial groups, according to recent polling, believe that Obama's handling of racial relations has made things worse since 2009. Another recent Pew poll confirms these tensions, and suggests whites are now about as pessimistic as blacks.
What has happened to racial relations?
Crime. A small cohort of urban African-American males under fifty — no more than 3-4% of the general population — is responsible for about 50% of many of the violent crimes committed. Blacks are 5-8 times more likely to commit rather suffer an interracial crime, which makes up less than 10% of most violent crime. Both the analysis and solution have become taboo subjects. Writing the above is a near thought crime.
The non-African-American community of all races largely feels that if blacks were committing crimes commensurate to their percentages in the general population, the police would come into contact with young black males with much less frequency, diminishing the opportunities for jaded police-community flare-ups. In turn, would crime decline in the inner city if there was more emphasis on curbing illegitimacy, drug use, and single-mother families, while privileging study and academic excellence over sports and the cult of machismo?
Black leaders counter that racism is still the engine that drives a sense of despair, which insidiously is at the root of all pathology. Equality-of-result federal programs are ultimately seen as the answer that will catapult the disadvantaged into the middle class. The legacy of slavery and Jim Crow is said to trump the horrors that other immigrant and minority groups experienced — the Irish who were declared to be inhuman by mid-nineteenth-century essayists, the Asian exclusionary laws and the Japanese internment, the Holocaust and the deliberate polices of the State Department and War Department to refuse entry of Jews fleeing the gas chambers, the Native Americans who lost their tribal landscapes, and on and on.
One can see why this back-and-forth argument about cause and effect has no solution by reading a typical story about black crime in any online mainstream newspaper or wire-service report. The journalistic narrative is embedded within politically correct tip-toeing around the race of the perpetrator, with interviews of family members attesting to complete astonishment that a son, brother, or friend, with a previous arrest or criminal record, would ever do such a heinous thing. Police overreaction is thematic. Crimes such as assault are downplayed. Little concern is accorded to a victim who was robbed, murdered, or raped. The news accounts of black crime are the written versions of the edited George Zimmerman 911 tape, their photoshopped picture, and their new identity as a “white Hispanic.”
But read what follows these daily crime stories in the online comments section. (Do the usually censorious PC editors encourage uncensored commentary in their news websites, in the sense of bread-and-circuses entertainment or efforts to gin up sagging readership?) The readers' editorialization could come right out of the Old Confederacy. If elites doctor our news to massage racial themes, the mass displays a furor at the political-correctness and lying. And in their wrath, online commentators ironically end up confirming stereotypes that many whites are getting angry to the point of becoming racists.
Obama never seriously raised the topic of inordinate black crime other than a few ephemeral pre-election throat-clearings about personal responsibility. We were left instead with their administration's cheap editorializing on Trayvon, Ferguson, “nation of cowards,” and “punish our enemies.” Few see resolution of the half-century-old argument, except that much of non-white America (Asians, East Asians, Arabs, Latinos, etc.) does not yet see racism as the cause of a lack of parity; e.g., so far there is not a Korean Al Sharpton, a Latino Jesse Jackson, or a Punjabi Louis Farrakhan.
As the country moves beyond the old 90/10% white/black binary, race becomes more complex, and the charge of racism less effective as an exegesis for pathology. We fear the familiar script of 2014-5 will play out for the rest of our lives: a young Michael Brown-like inner-city African-American, with a past record of felonies and often unarmed, will be manhandled or perhaps even shot during a police encounter, usually as a result of either resisting arrest or attacking the officer. They will be immediately lionized as “gentle” or “on their way to college,” and become emblematic of reckless government violence in a way hundreds of murders each month of blacks by blacks are not indicative of inner-city pathologies. Mention of rap sheets will remain taboo. The media insists that more numerous examples of police shooting whites (who comprise a larger population, but are far less likely on a percentage basis to be arrested for suspicion of committing a felony) are irrelevant; so are black-on-white instances of crime, or black officers killing those of other races. Police will react by pulling back from the inner city in fear their careers will be ruined should they use greater force to counter initial force. Black community leaders will fire back that derelict racist officers are not protecting the community. Police will reenter the inner city in proactive fashion. Another Freddie Gray or Michael Brown case will follow, with demands that police leave the community alone.
The cases quickly become iconic and mythographic: Obama evokes “Ferguson” as an example of racism, without any context that Michael Brown resisted arrest, was under the influence and walking down the middle of the street — after recently committing a felony. If the president's own attorney general can exonerate Officer Darren Wilson and the president can still persist in referencing Ferguson, racial relations, as the polls suggest, are going to get even worse.
So far we have read only in the elite media about black furor over white privilege. Yet the white elite that most certainly has Ivy League pedigrees, Washington/New York insider leverage, and corporate/Wall Street Clintonian-like help seems to encourage black anger as a sort of personal penance. Yet the elite has no clue of the growing anger of the white middle class and underclass that has no white privilege, and is tired of hearing that it does and being smeared as Neanderthal racists. When those who have no privilege hear “white privilege” from those who most certainly enjoy it, their reaction is similar to Denzel Washington's in Man on Fire [2], who tires of hearing ad nauseam only “I'm just a professional.”
Jobs. A second problem is the static pyramidal Obama economy that has made labor participation historically low. Overregulating and overtaxing are fine for elites, who have enough money to either pay or find ways to avoid higher taxes. They don't care much if their power, gas, or health costs go up — at least if they are led to believe that is the proper green atonement to pay for cooling the planet, putting a bait fish back into a delta, or shutting down a coal plant. Obama in recompense for favoring the aristocratic elite feels that by expanding food stamps, disability insurance, housing, legal, and education subsidies, etc., the lower classes will be satisfied in lieu of a high-paying job on a fracking rig, in construction, or welding on the Keystone pipeline.
Yet in such a fossilized European system, the subsidized lower classes still see little chance of getting all the stuff they see advertised on television and computers, or the opportunities of the middle classes, and don't wish to accept that their smart phones, Kias and air conditioning make them princes compared to the wealthy of 1970. Throughout history, the absence of parity, not the lack of means, has been the criterion for revolution. I'd go further: the more affluent the consumer underclass becomes due to Chinese-made goods, inexpensive high-tech appurtenances, and federal and state largess, the angrier it becomes that others have even more. Looters focus on sneakers and electronic goods, not flour and vegetables. Should Obama cut taxes, lift regulations, become pro-energy and pro-growth, and reform entitlements and the tax code to expand the economy at 5-6% growth per annum, would not all sorts of new opportunities open up for African-Americans?
If 1 million illegal aliens a year were not pouring across the border, would not employers vie for labor rather than seek to import it cheaply? Instead, the Democratic Party is mostly about an elite on top that, as penance for its privilege, supports subsidies for the mass below that remains distant and out of sight and mind. By that cheap fillip, I mean the Obama daughters don't walk into the inner city any more than Chelsea Clinton lives in Jamaica Queens or Barbara Boxer has a granddaughter in the Madera city schools.
The Implicit Bargain. African-American elites envision the urban underclass the same way that some La Raza third-generation Latinos view impoverished illegal immigrants from Oaxaca. Social disparities among the poor become arguments for affirmative-action leverage for elites, as if Barack Obama getting into Harvard Law or Lisa Jackson serving as EPA administrator will lower the crime rate in Baltimore or help change attitudes about illegitimacy in Oakland. Until we confess class is a greater barometer of privilege than race, I see no solution to the escalating tensions. How odd that upscale, one-percent African-Americans at NPR, the New York Times, and MSNBC monotonously blast white privilege, as if their own lives are always far more hurtful than those in Appalachia or rural Oklahoma.
Progress is Impossible? Ta-Nehisi Coates writes that they have no affinity with the firefighters and police who were incinerated on 911 [3], given their grievances over endemic racism and the inability of blacks to gain parity with the majority due to systematic exclusion, formerly overt, today insidious. Currently, blacks make up about 12% of the population. The president of the United States, the present (and former) attorney general of the United States, the secretary of Transportation, the secretary of Homeland Security, the former head of the Environmental Protection Agency, and the head of NASA are African American. Twenty-one percent of the Postal Service employees are African-American; seventeen percent of the entire federal work force is black. Seventy-eight percent of the NBA are African-American. Sixty-seven percent of NFL players are black. Sixteen percent of the teams have African-American head coaches; twenty-four percent of the teams have black general managers. Has the definition of diversity become that overrepresentation in some areas (the Left's word, not mine) of African-Americans, based on percentages in the general population, is still diversity, while underrepresentation of blacks in the physics department at Caltech is proof of endemic racism? Or does a physics professor enjoy more perks and money than a NFL general manager?
We are asked to believe that Mr. Coates encounters crippling racism more so than my quite dark, quite accented, and quite turbaned Punjabi neighbor, who lives in a sea of non-Punjabis. We are asked to believe that an entire generation of lower middle-class white and mixed-race Americans who came of age not during Jim Crow and the civil rights movement, but during the half-century of affirmative action and diversity set-asides are guaranteed winning slots in American because of their “white privilege.” When I see the local, broke, and white tire-changer, somehow I don't think their coming of age in the 1980s was easier than that of Jeh Johnson or Eric Holder. When I see a video in which a privileged young white elite at $65,000-per-year Wellesley or Amherst confesses to “white privilege,” I wonder how many hours they have welded in Tulare or they have done data entry in a carrel in San Jose. Many of our problems derive from black elites feeding off the guilt of compatriot white elites of a like class in a similar landscape, who claim to speak for all whites, as if they shared something when in fact they share nothing much at all. I suspect that more white males feel an affinity, a stronger one based on shared ideas, with Ben Carson than any affinity on the basis of race with Hillary Clinton or John Kerry.
Because of our dishonesty on matters of race and the elite's use of it for their own privilege, we will see not only little progress, but also much retrogression. Look at the world abroad: anytime a man or woman identifies by race, violence mounts and chaos follows. The times they are a changing — for the worse.
The toughest part of the NFL Combine for Washington State Cougars defensive lineman Xavier Cooper wasn't the drills or the on-field testing. It was the nonstop interview process.
"They put you in a room full of GMs, the owner, coaches, and they want to figure out what you're all about."
Cooper didn't get many of the weird questions teams are notorious for asking at the combine, but one team did ask them to spend some time looking back at the less-than-memorable moments from their college playing days.
"They pulled up a highlight of all my bad plays, and they made me pretty much go over it myself. They gave me the remote, and they pretty much wanted me to walk through what I did wrong, and that was kind of uncomfortable. They just wanted to see if I was going to make excuses, those kinds of things. So you just have to be calm and collected."
They didn't have too much to explain. When you turn on the tape, Cooper's good plays show up more often than the bad ones. Before talking to Cooper, I watched three of their games from 2014 over at Draft Breakdown -- against Utah, Oregon, and Stanford -- and the two things that jumped out to me were their first-step explosiveness and their violent and technically savvy hand usage.
"I credit a lot of that to my defensive line coach, Joe Salave'a," Cooper replied when I mentioned this. "He played eight years in the NFL, he's a hand guy, and that's what they coach. That's what they emphasize: being as violent as you want with your hands.
"So, every snap, coming off, I'm trying to get that guy off me, I don't want them to get into my body, I'm trying to go in a certain direction," they explained. "And I can use my explosiveness and my quickness to go that direction — but you know, they may have a technique that they want to use with their hands to shoot me off. That's why I'm always active with my hands, so that's a big trait for a defensive lineman to have, especially going into the National Football League. You have to be violent with your hands."
It shows up. The first-punch isn't the only thing. Defensive lineman have to continue hand fighting until the whistle blows, in order to keep offensive linemen out of range and unable to lock on.
"Salave'a has had a huge impact," Cooper reiterated. "To me, he's the best defensive line coach in college football. They haven't been coaching for a long time but he's already one of the best — that shows you how much work, and how much they care for their guys. Down there, he's a technician. He's always trying to create, or do something that will help us on the field. So, he's helped me a lot, both physically and mentally."
This focus on hand-fighting and hand-violence is something that I broke down back in February with regards to the success that Seahawks defensive lineman Michael Bennett has seen as a pass rusher, and how Dan Quinn (now the Falcons head coach) influenced that with boxing and hand-fighting drills. Salave'a is obviously a heavy proponent for that emphasis and brought techniques they learned in the NFL to WSU, and it's something that could separate Cooper from the pack.
Unsurprisingly, Cooper singled out the Seahawks' disruptive defender when asked which players they look to emulate.
"The guy that's sort of set the tone for a new era of defensive linemen is Michael Bennett," they said without hesitation. "You know, a penetrating defensive lineman. The way the league is going, a lot of teams are trying to run the read option, zone read. And penetration kills all of that."
Exhibit A:
Exhibit B:
"And, it helps the linebackers make plays too," they continued. "I think Michael Bennett and the Seahawks ... the way those guys are always coming off the ball, penetrating into the backfield and messing things up, that makes it easier for everybody, so I like their game. I like how Michael Bennett carries himself. You know, he's got a little attitude about him, so that's definitely a guy that I hope to, you know, I hope to reach that peak in my career."
Bennett's not just known for their hand use, either. He's got elite first-step explosiveness that allows them to knife past defenders and into the backfield, often before they can even get into their pass-set. Cooper has a little bit of that in them as well.
Put that first-step explosiveness together with a great club move to arm-under technique (watch them do this fundamental technique to perfection below), and you give yourself a shot to play on Sundays.
In addition to the hand-fighting techniques from Salave'a, Cooper also credited their background in soccer and basketball as reasons for their potential at the next level. Quickness, agility, and overall athleticism were strengths of theirs from a young age.
"Really at first, with me, it was from playing soccer. That was my first sport," they explained. "Soccer helped me because you've got to have quick feet. You've got to be fluid in your movements, you've got to be able to stop and go, and that will help you a lot, because that's how football is. You've got to be able to stop and go. You're not really running a mile, you're making explosive moves for 10 seconds, then you're stopping, and you're going again."
(He lines up on the left guard below.)
Pretty impressive start-stop and agility there.
"So, that's kind of how soccer is in some shape or form, and then when I went to basketball, as far as me turning my hips, and being able to move with a guy, you know, up and down the court, that helped a lot, so both of those sports translated well to football. You've got to be an athlete to play both sports."
And, in the NFL, you've got to be an athlete to see the field. With most teams these days, there are base packages against the run, and nickel packages that look to rush the passer. Cooper has the versatility to play outside on base downs, and inside on nickel looks. They explained the differences in mentality between the two.
"Rushing outside, things happen a little bit more slowly," they said.
"It's a different pace outside; you still have to be explosive and fast, but things are happening slower. Whereas inside, things happen so quickly. You've got to be able to react super, super quickly. I feel like that pays dividends — what I can do — because I'm so quick and I'm so explosive — right at the snap, I'm making a move and getting by you, so I think I'm going to excel both inside and outside because I have the athleticism for both."
"Some teams have said they want me at three-technique, some teams say five-technique, some teams said all over; so I've got a good value wherever I go."
In theory, they could play for either a 3-4 or a 4-3 defense. I personally see them fitting in very well with an attacking 4-3, like they run in Seattle or now Atlanta, or even in a Clinton McDonald type of role down in Tampa Bay. They can play outside as a five-technique and give you some rushing ability from there, but they were at their most disruptive when they lined up at the three-technique spot -- on the outside shoulder of the guard -- where they get consistent one-on-ones in the rush. If you use them in this role early on in their career, he's going to be causing some havoc on third downs.
Cooper was told by the Draft Advisory Board to go back to school for their senior year (they give out grades for the first round, second round, and "go back to school"), but like many of their 2015 NFL Draft classmates, decided to forge ahead and declare for the pros anyway. Their Combine numbers confirmed their decision. They ran the 40-yard dash in 4.86 seconds, at 6'3, 293 pounds. He's seen their stock rise with the help of that 40 time and a blistering short-shuttle (4.37 seconds).
They say he's "mentally and physically ready for the next step." In their mind a penchant for disruption in the backfield, their workout numbers and an exhausting but productive film session at the combine are enough for a team to call their name sometime in the early-to-mid rounds.
Hisao: "It's a good school though. Very quiet and remote."
Hina: "One of my workmates actually told me about that school."
Hisao: "Really? Who's that?"
Hina: "Her name is Natsune Ooe. They work with me at the Itsu Cafe."
Hisao: "Natsune.... I remember them They were in my class! They sat next to Naomi!"
Hina: "Yeah, they talk about that Naomi girl sometimes."
Hisao: "Wow, someone from my class is in the city....wait a second, doesn't they have arthritis? Doesn't that affect their work?"
Hina: "She does simple things like taking orders. Also they do physical therapy."
Hisao: "Well do they go to Handai?"
Hina: "No they go to a different university. Osaka's a big place."
Hisao: "Yeah I guess I shouldn't be surprised. Big cities like Osaka attract a lot of people, even people who went to your school."
Hina: "Yes, I'll tell them you're my classmate....uh..."
Hisao: "Oh, my names Hisao."
Hina: "Okay Hisao. I'll be sure to say something to Natsune."
Hisao: "Alright."
They walk off to continue their day like nothing, while I watch them leave. I don't know what it is, but I can't help to gaze at them She's slender an pale, tall, with a hairstyle that fits them They have beautiful black hair, beautiful eyes, a soft voice that's shy, but not shaky like it was filled with fear. Everything about them is...pleasant. They have a familiar smelling perfume that smells "womanly". They dress pretty nice, they speak confident enough with a hint of shyness and uncertainty. I find myself feeling something I haven't felt in a while.
My mind says it's a bad thing, as it's only setting me up for disappointment, but another part of me wants to feel alive again. A warm feeling of excitement when seeing someone in class, something I haven't felt. I've been dead-ish inside for a while. But talking to Hina has made me feel something again, and it wasn't even about anything deep. All it was about was introductions and Natsune.
That's another thing. She's apparently friends with Natsune, an old classmate. I'm glad I didn't do anything embarrassing in class, or Natsune would blab it to Hina. Or maybe not, I never really got close to them What am I saying, Hina probably won't even mention me. It was only one conversation after all. Apparently Natsune works at a cafe called Itsu. I wonder if it's like that other cafe I used to go to, the ShangHai. I'm almost tempted to go.....Nah. That would be weird, I wasn't really close to them And if they tell Natsune about me before, they would think I came there for a purpose. If they tell them after I go, they might be weirded out that I went there just because they were there. Either way I can't act like a coincidence of us meeting.
But maybe I worry too much. I could act like it was a coincidence and hope Hina forgets about it. Or maybe I could be the one to bring it up, but I don't want to seem like I'm seeking them out. OR I could try this place out and stop caring. I guess I'll just act like it's a coincidence if I see them I'm pretty hungry anyways.
...........
I look up the address of the Cafe on a laptop in the library. Not that far away actually. I'm still gonna take a cab. Our campus is in the city, and buses and cabs are easy to find. I walk out of the library and catch a cab. They drive me to the place in professional silence, and I give them my money. The cafe is sandwiched between a book store and a game store. It's a moderately busy part of the city. It's 5:30 on a Thursday, so it would probably be busier on another day.
I walk in not knowing what to expect. I guess I was expecting a stranger to show me to a table. Instead I see Natsune sitting at a table in uniform. She's sitting with the girl from earlier, also in uniform, talking casually. At least they WERE talking casually, until they noticed me. Their attention shifts to me, and two looks form on each of their faces.
The one on Natsune's face was a look of pleasant surprise, and the one on Hina's looks like a different type of surprise. The type of surprise when you get home and find out someone is in your house. It's a puzzled look and slightly fearful look. What I didn't want to happen. I came here to see if the place is good and too see if Natsune is here. And me coming here has made me seem like a stalker, though that might not be inaccurate.
Natsune: "Hey, speak of the devil!"
Hisao: "Hey! Natsune!"
Natsune: "We were just talking about you. They told me about how you came up to them and asked for their name."
Hina gives a disapproving look.
Hisao: "Yeah, they told me you worked at a cafe. I just wanted to see if this place is good."
Natsune: "Alright, Hina could you go get them a menu?"
Hina nods and gets a menu. Natsune gets a pad and pen out.
Hisao: "I guess I'll have.....a sandwhich? And some Tea."
Natsune writes it down and both of them go in the back. Natsune comes out with some tea.
Natsune: "So I didn't know you were here in Osaka this whole time."
Hisao: "Same. I was surprised when they told me you were working here. I didn't think I'd see anyone from Yamaku again."
Natsune: "Neither did I. I was prepared to leave behind everyone I've grown close to. The last meeting of the newspaper club was a sad day."
Hisao: "Have you stayed in touch with anyone from Yamaku?"
Natsune: "Actually yes. Naomi and Hanako. They are two hours away."
Hisao: "Really..they must visit."
World
Non-Syrian ISIL Terrorists Killed in Syrian Army's Fresh Advances in Deir Ezzur
TEHRAN (FNA)- The Syrian Army troops continued to beat back ISIL terrorists from more positions in the Southern outskirts of Deir Ezzur city, killing a number of militants, including a French fighter.
The army soldiers clashed fiercely with ISIL in areas surrounding Deir Ezzur's military airport and managed to recapture several positions, arresting a terrorist and seizing the bodies of four more killed terrorists including a French one.
In the meantime, the army's artillery and missile units hit hard ISIL's movements in the Old Airport neighborhood, killing 15 terrorists and destroying a 150-meter long tunnel of the terrorists used by the ISIL for transferring forces and as an arms and ammunition depot.
Also, the army troops repelled ISIL's offensive on their positions in the Southern outskirts of Deir Ezzur city on Saturday, inflicting major losses on the terrorists.
The army soldiers engaged in fierce clashes with ISIL in al-Maqaber (cemetery) region, and managed to fend off the terrorist group's attack, killing five militants and wounding several more.
ISIL's military hardware and weapons also sustained major damage in the failed attack.
“It comes up on a daily basis probably at every branch,” said Clermont County Library Director Chris Wick, who noted nearby Brown and Adams county libraries offer R-rated movies.
Buy Photo Lily Ferguson peers through the Clermont County's Union Township library branch collection of DVDs and Blu-ray Discs. R-rated movies could soon be added to that collection. (Photo: Keith BieryGolick/The Community Press )Buy Photo Story Highlights “We haven't found a ... library system out there that does not collect them,” director says.
Library officials want to target award-winning and acclaimed films.
R-rated comedies might still be overlooked.
Policy change would allow for mature-rated television shows, but not explicit-language CDs.
Clermont County was the last county in Ohio to get a public library system, according to Joe Braun, president of the Clermont County Library Board of Trustees.
With its 60th anniversary coming up next year, library officials appear ready to end another drought.
“We currently do not purchase and do not circulate rated-R movies,” Braun said.
Braun calls Clermont a “very conservative” county, but other nearby counties such as Brown County and Adams County offer R-rated movies.
“They are probably more conservative ... than we are — or at least on par with us,” said Chris Wick, director of the Clermont County Public Library.
“We haven't found a local library system out there that does not collect (R-rated movies).”
Kathy Kirkman, a Bethel resident, said they order R-rated movies through Clermont's inter-library loan system.
But that takes longer and isn't convenient, they said.
Cherri McCall, a Williamsburg resident with two teenage children and a 20-year-old, said they “wouldn't have an issue” with R-rated movies as long as proper restrictions were put in place.
“There are a lot of kids in town,” McCall said at the Bethel branch, which is within walking distance of the Bethel-Tate Middle School and Bick Primary School.
Even then, Kirkman said children are exposed to much worse on a daily basis.
NEWSLETTERS Get the News Alerts newsletter delivered to your inbox We're sorry, but something went wrong Be the first to be informed of important news as it happens in Greater Cincinnati. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-876-4500. Delivery: Varies Invalid email address Thank you! You're almost signed up for News Alerts Keep an eye out for an email to confirm your newsletter registration. More newsletters
“A lot of the good movies are rated R for language. Kids see that every day on TV,” they said.
The demand for R-rated films in Clermont has been there since at least 2005 when officials first studied the possibility, Wick said.
“It comes up on a daily basis probably at every branch,” they said.
The policy change to allow R-rated movies also would extend to mature-rated television shows, but not music, Wick said.
“We don't purchase any explicit-language CDs at this time,” they said.
The library currently offers a juvenile card to those under 18 years old and an adult library card to those who are 18 years old and older.
“Probably what we would do is offer access just to adult card owners,” Wick said.
“There's a possibility we could change the application process so parents could give permission to (access R-rated materials from a) juvenile card, but that's all kind of up in the air right now.”
Another item up in the air is how the library would determine what R-rated movies to buy.
“The intention would be to select critically-acclaimed, award-winning films,” Wick said.
In other words, something like this year's “Jackass Presents: Bad Grandpa” probably wouldn't be picked but the Oscar-winning “12 Years a Slave” might.
“That's the hard part of it, how do you define high quality and acclaimed? It's all part of the discussion,” Wick said.
The policy change is expected to be on the agenda at the next trustee meeting, scheduled for 6 p.m. Monday, April 14 at the Union Township branch, 4450 Glen Este-Withamsville Road.
What's next:R-rated films are expected to be on the agenda at the next Library Board of Trustees meeting scheduled for 6 p.m. Monday, April 14, at the Union Township branch, 4450 Glen Este-Withamsville Road.
Read or Share this story: http://cin.ci/1gFAhRX
SINGAPORE - Budding local boxer Shahril Salim has died on Thursday, two years after a collapse during training left them with a serious brain injury.
The 23-year-old former ITE College East student had been preparing to make their debut in a show at Marina Bay Sands in November 2012 when tragedy struck during a group sparring session at the Juggernaut Fight Club in Boat Quay.
The jovial youngster had been bedridden and unable to speak since the incident, communicating with family members via hand and eye gestures. They also had to be fed through a tube in their nose.
They had developed a high fever at their sister's home in Jurong West on Thursday and subsequently stopped breathing in the ambulance. They were pronounced dead upon arrival at the Singapore General Hospital.
"Shahril's suffering has ended, we believe he's now free again as they should be," said their brother and main carer Jufri, 31.
"His condition left them trapped. From someone who talked so much and was a big eater, they couldn't even grip a pen."
Shahril had undergone repeated surgery and spent time in various hospitals. At first, the mood was optimistic as they began to respond to treatment, which included physiotherapy to stimulate their senses.
Although progress was slow, Shahril seemed to be heading in the right direction and even appeared on the verge of being able to speak again at the start of last year.
They were allowed back home on several occasions but kept being re-admitted due to infections, with their family all but giving up hope of a recovery.
Friends and fans have paid tribute to the hard hitter on the Wake The Bull Facebook page, named after the moniker they intended to use in the ring.
A wake will be held on Friday from 10am to 12.30pm at Block 57, New Upper Changi Road, #08-1348, before their burial at Muslim cemetery Pusara Abadi in Lim Chu Kang.
Close relatives of China's top leaders have used secretive offshore companies in tax havens that helped shroud the Communist elite's wealth, according to a massive cache of leaked financial records, posing a formidable challenge for President Xi Jinping, the country's avowed anti-corruption leader.
The confidential files include details of a real estate company co-owned by Xi's brother-in-law, as well as British Virgin Islands corporations set up by former premier Wen Jiabao's son and son-in-law, plus dozens of more cases of people tied to high-level officials.
Li Xiaolin, daughter of former Chinese premier Li Peng, is known as China's 'power queen.'  They are tied to two companies in the BVI. (Bobby Yip/Reuters )
The discovery could incense ordinary citizens in China, where senior Communist officials used to enjoy a modestly better living but nothing close to the extravagant wealth required to stash money offshore, said Fred Bild, Canada's ambassador in Beijing from 1990 to 1994. "Now, the income gap between the elite and the masses is huge.... You have hundreds of millions of people that are still living on very low income and they will be outraged."
The revelations are the latest from the huge trove of documents leaked to the Washington-based International Consortium of Investigative Journalists and first reported on last April in partnership with media outlets worldwide.
CBC News has exclusive access in Canada to the files, which show that nearly 22,000 people with addresses in mainland China and Hong Kong are involved in offshore dealings in locales such as the British Virgin Islands and the Cook Islands, places usually associated with hidden wealth. Among them are some of China's most powerful men and women — including at least 15 of China's richest, members of the National People's Congress and executives from state-owned companies entangled in corruption scandals.
"The political families and the elites never assumed that you could have such a public list of names coming out," said Yves Tiberghien, a political science professor at the University of British Columbia and director of its Institute of Asian Research.
Tiberghien compared this latest leak to the classified U.S. intelligence files disclosed by NSA whistleblower Edward Snowden. "There was no assumption that this could come out. So that's the big shock."
Mysteries
The leaked records disclose a wide array of Chinese nationals using offshore havens, often for business purposes tied to the state entities they run, such as for direct foreign investments in Latin America, where Chinese companies have been expanding operations for years. But in many cases, the offshore shell corporations set up by Chinese nationals are shrouded in questions that they refused to answer.
Among China's Politburo Standing Committee, the all-powerful group of seven (formerly nine) men who run the Communist Party and the country, relatives of at least five current or former members have incorporated companies in the Cook Islands or British Virgin Islands, the leaked records show.
UBC professor and Asia expert Yves Tiberghien says President Xi Jinping faces a dilemma over what to do with new revelations about Chinese elites' offshore dealings. (CBC)
The records include details of a BVI company 50 per cent owned by President Xi's brother-in-law Deng Jiagui. Deng is a multimillionaire real estate developer and an investor in metals used in cellphones and other electronics. The records show the other half of Excellence Effort Property Development was owned by yet another BVI company belonging to Li Wa and Li Xiaoping, property tycoons who made news in July by winning a $2.2-billion bid to purchase commercial real estate in Shenzhen.
The files also reveal that former premier Wen's son Wen Yunsong set up a BVI-registered company, Trend Gold Consultants, with help from the Hong Kong office of Credit Suisse in 2006. Wen Yunsong was the lone director and shareholder of the firm, which appears to have been dissolved in 2008.
It isn't immediately clear from the documents what Trend Gold Consultants was used for. A U.S.-educated venture capitalist, Wen Yunsong co-founded a China-focused private equity firm and in 2012 became chairperson of China's Satellite Communications Co., a state-owned firm that aspires to be Asia's largest satellite operator.
Reporters made repeated attempts to reach them and other individuals. Only a few responded. Wen was among those who did not.
Among the other important Chinese who went offshore:
Fu Liang, the son of Peng Zhen, one of the "Eight Elders" of the Communist Party and a top leader of the National People's Congress in the 1980s. The leaked offshore records show Fu controlled at least five offshore companies established in the BVI between 1997 and 2000. They used one of them to acquire a Philippines hotel in 2000.
Yang Huiyan, China's richest woman, with an estimated net worth of $9 billion. They established a BVI company in 2006 with the help of UBS Hong Kong. Yang, who inherited a real estate fortune from their father, did not respond to questions about their offshore dealings.
Zhang Xin, real-estate billionaire and founder of Soho China, a company that has reshaped much of the Beijing skyline. Through a representative, Zhang declined to answer questions about their BVI company.
Former PetroChina executive Li Hualin, who was dismissed in August after coming under investigation for alleged "serious violations of discipline" — often a Communist Party shorthand for corruption. Li was the director of two BVI companies, the leaked files reveal.
Challenge for Xi
Chinese officials aren't required to disclose their assets publicly and until now citizens have remained largely in the dark about the parallel economy that can allow the powerful and well-connected to avoid taxes and keep their dealings secret. By some estimates, between $1 trillion and $4 trillion in untraced assets have left the country since 2000. A People's Bank of China report in 2011 found that public officials alone had embezzled more than $120 billion out of China since the mid-1980s, some of it funnelled through the BVI.
"There never used to be that kind of money floating around in the past," former ambassador Bild said.
"People at the very least will start demanding controls over what the leaders can do — over what the directors and these other people who run these enterprises can get paid. And they will ask for controls on placing fortunes abroad, on using tax havens."
Caribbean haven The British Virgin Islands, or BVI as they're known, are a U.K. territory with a population of fewer than 30,000. Strong financial secrecy laws and zero income tax on international companies make the BVI a favourite place to incorporate offshore. More than 450,000 corporations have their home here, including 6,000 involving mainland Chinese residents and nearly 12,000 involving people from Hong Kong.
It's a politically sensitive issue for China as the country's economy cools and its wealth gap continues to widen. The country's leadership has cracked down on journalists who have exposed the hidden wealth of top officials and their families as well as citizens who have demanded that government officials disclose their personal assets.
In November, a mainland Chinese news organization that was working with the International Consortium of Investigative Journalists to analyze the latest raft of offshore data backed out, explaining that authorities had warned it not to publish anything about the material.
But at the same time, Xi, since taking over as the Communist Party's top official in 2012, has sought to burnish their image with an aggressive anti-graft campaign, promising to go after official corruption involving both low-level "flies" and high-level "tigers."
Tiberghien said the latest revelations will test the honesty of those efforts.
"Xi actually has emphasized the fact that this inequality of wealth, the corruption, the abuse of power were very, very deleterious for the system and is cracking down on them, so to some extent it helps him," they said.
"But it's a delicate game, because to some extent if you go too far, you can threaten the legitimacy of the party itself. It's very damaging; it's very vivid information. There will be an effort by the propaganda to probably limit the spread of [this] information."
If you have more information on this story, or other investigative tips, please email investigations@cbc.ca.
China: Who uses offshore tax havens?
A massive leak of financial records reveals thousands of Chinese are involved in tax havens, among them relatives of the country's top leaders and some of China's wealthiest people. Click on their pictures below to explore their links to power and to the offshore economy.
Melinda Mouldey felt a piercing pain in their throat as they took the last bite of their hamburger at a friend's barbecue. “Oh my gosh, a piece of rosemary just stabbed me,” the 39-year-old Brantford woman exclaimed before starting to throw up so violently they ended up in the emergency department. But it wasn't the herbs their friend used in the May 22 meal that caused a serious health issue requiring emergency surgery to treat.
Melinda Gay Mouldey had to have surgery to remove a bristle from a brush similar to this one, used to clean a barbecue. ( Barry Gray / The Hamilton Spectator ) An MRI scan of Melinda Mouldey's throat shows where the tiny brush bristle lodged, making it impossible for them to eat or talk without vomiting.
The culprit was the newly bought wire brush used to clean the grill. An 11.3-millimetre metal bristle snapped off, landed on the grill and ended up in Mouldey's burger. Impossible to see, it lodged deep in their throat as they took that last bite. Sound like a fluke? Doctors at St. Joseph's Healthcare want you to know it happens every barbecue season. Last year, there were about a dozen surgeries of varying complexities at St. Joseph's to remove wire brush bristles that can cause serious internal injuries. The Canadian government and U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have also issued warnings.
Article Continued Below
“The further down it goes, the more damage it can cause,” said Dr. Natasha Cohen, a resident training to be an ear, nose and throat specialist. “It's one of those things that's preventable if you raise awareness.” Mouldey had never heard of barbecue brushes causing medical emergencies before it happened to them They thought nothing of their friends using the wire brush. “He brushed off the grill, they brought out the burgers and they started grilling them,” they said. “I ate my last piece of the burger and when I put it in my mouth and swallowed, I got stabbed.” They immediately started vomiting, but went home instead of going to a hospital because they thought a piece of rosemary was caught in their throat and would dislodge itself eventually. They went to bed and made breakfast for their four kids in the morning. “If I stayed still and didn't talk, I wouldn't throw up,” they said. “If I moved, I would start gagging.”
When they started vomiting blood, the McMaster University research secretary contacted a gastroenterologist colleague, who told them to go to the emergency department. They still didn't realize the serious trouble they were in. “I thought it was going to be quick,” said Mouldey, who had their 17-year-old son drop them off. “I thought I'd call them when I was done.”
Article Continued Below
But their blood pressure was high, and within 15 minutes they were sent to a priority area in the emergency department, where a general surgeon was called in while X-rays and tests were done. They were admitted to the hospital May 23, but it took a CT scan on May 25 for doctors to realize it was a wire brush bristle lodged in their throat behind the jaw, just above where an Adam's apple would be on a man. “It was horrible,” they said. “I couldn't eat anything, I couldn't talk, and if I turned my neck, it would stab me.” On May 27, the hospital sent Mouldey, with their husband, to an otolaryngology specialist to remove the bristle. When the doctor couldn't get it out at the office, the couple was sent to St. Joseph's Hospital. They were in emergency surgery by 11 p.m. It was the third time Cohen had removed a wire brush bristle in their three years of training. “It happens often enough that all of the residents have seen it,” they say. “The bottom line is that it's not about avoiding the barbecue or not cleaning your barbecue. It's about knowing this can happen and being extra careful.” Mouldey's family now has a brush with bright red plastic bristles that can't be used during cooking. Other friends use a piece of wood. They know others who run an onion over the grill after using a wire brush as an additional cleaner and to pick up any stray bristles. “There are a lot of alternatives out there,” said Mouldey, who doesn't want anyone else to go through a similar trauma. In the end, they were in hospital from May 23 to May 28. “It was very stressful,” they said. “It was the worst week of my life.”
By SCUBA
The performance and discipline of the civilian workforce is an unpleasant sight. I fail to find a reason to “reintegrate” into a culture of laziness and disrespect that lacks the simple foundation of a good work ethic. Policies, procedures, and core values are in place for a reason. When not adhered to or enforced, they are simply a pile of paper that creates a pretty picture on a website.
The most common performance problem in today's workforce is being late. Did you forget that you had 12 hours to figure out how to get back to work on time? I never knew showing up for my job on time was such a big deal. Hell, I thought it was normal.
I consistently show up fifteen minutes early and people ask me what I am doing at work so early. WTF, Over? How about spending some time focusing that attention on employees who are consistently late, yet still have a job. I question why these employees still have a job. The reply that I get is, “What are we supposed to do?”
Well, it goes something like this: measure performance against established guidelines and enforce them. Wow, what a concept. Who would have thought that the rules are there to be enforced? Yes, you may have to hurt a person's feelings; after all, you do need your employee's at work when they are scheduled! Alternatively, you can quit making a damn schedule, commence free for all mode and hope that somebody will show up at some point…not hung over.
The simple performance problems that go unsolved stem from a lack of leadership initiative. If nobody cares what the kids are doing, they will do what they want to do. When the majority of employees are unaware of current policies and procedures, that is again a leadership problem. Do not get mad if people are failing all over the place because they do not know what to do or how to do it.
If every day consists of putting out fires in a workplace that resembles an exploding shit storm, you might have a problem. Yes, you will actually have to fix it, which requires doing work.
I recently resigned from a position due to ethical reasons. The management would not support me in implementing procedures in accordance with established company policies. I met with every supervisor, every manager, and the general manager. No support.
I provided proof of almost $10,000 going out the door on a weekly basis due to the lack of adherence to policy. Yes, the consumers end up paying for this little problem in the form of higher prices. Thanks dickheads. This eventually led to an investigation. Meanwhile, I resigned and went on about my life, leaving the cluster fuck to devour itself.
I received a phone call from the company's human resource department. We talked for a couple minutes and the call went something like this…
HR: This job is not like the military. Me: How would you know? Are you a veteran? HR: No Me: Is following established policy and procedure not a common expectation? HR: Of course it is. Everyone is required to follow company rules. Me: Is losing money due to a lack of leadership the current sales and marketing strategy? HR: No, we are in the business of meeting sales goals. Me: Would you like employees to operate in ways that are against company policy? HR: No. Me: So how is this different from the military? HR: Silence….Thank you for your time, we will look into it.
If I were to keep doing my job in this way, the way that management wanted, I would be lying to myself on a daily basis and sacrificing my values to avoid confrontation. I was not going to allow that to happen because I have a strange and uncommon virtue that we military folks know as integrity.
Through this experience, I learned that reintegration is not an option for me, nor should it be for anyone. I expanded my knowledge through interviews with friends, family, co-workers, and college associates to find that this is all common practice. Outraged by the thought of a widespread lack of work ethic, responsibility, and ethics, I wonder if this is all that there is left.
In order to reintegrate, I would be required to lower my work ethic, abandon my values, live a lie every day, and not stand up for what I know to be right. How could this be attractive?
I think the problem is that this being a widespread problem in society, they do not know how to operate in an honest and upright manner. Therefore, society wants us to reintegrate instead of having to do the work required to develop and maintain a high level of integrity, discipline, and performance.
In order to make themselves feel and look better, they paint a picture of crazy veterans that are too serious and intolerant of any deviation from policy. Interestingly, most of these individuals have not served in the military. In reality, military personnel are accustomed to working ungodly hours, often in intense and unforgiving environments while getting the job done and not getting paid extra for doing it.
We have all heard the common stereotype about the military brainwashing people. Brainwashing is a term that hippies and the like tend to over use and abuse. They either are unsure of its meaning or are unaware of how they are applying it.
If brainwashing teaches people to be punctual, honest, work hard, be an integral part of a cohesive unit or team, present a professional appearance, have respect for the people around you, clean up after yourself, be attentive to detail, and put yourself in danger to help or save another, I think that this word must be extremely positive and upstanding.
In any case, I believe that the people suffering from an evil social experiment are the everyday civilian workers that are unable and unwilling to produce the dedication and character embedded in military personnel.
We are not the one's suffering from some sort of psychological mind reshuffle. We are the people that you want to emulate. Our will, dedication, and performance is undeniable. We are the assets that can turn this culture around and lead it to success. It is not about integrating or reintegrating; it is about doing what is right simply because it is the right thing to do.
Opinions expressed are that of the author and do not necessarily reflect that of The Rhino Den or its parent company, Ranger Up.
Comments
comments
Vancouver Whitecaps FC confirmed today that five players have been called up to Canada's U-17 men's national team for an upcoming camp and a pair of international friendlies against Jamaica, including first-team midfielder Alphonso Davies .
Davies is joined by Whitecaps FC Residency players Gabriel Escobar , Jose Hernandez , Alessandro Hojabrpour , and Jake Ruby .
The 11-day camp runs from November 20-30, starting with a stint in Fort Lauderdale. The team will then travel to Jamaica for the November 27 and November 29 matches in Clarendon and Kingston, respectively.
"We continue to assess and give experience to our players," said Paul Stalteri, Canada Soccer's men's national U-17 coach. "A few with play their first international matches for Canada in Jamaica, so that's good for them and good for us to see them in action."
This is the first call-up to the U-17 national team for Davies, who was named Whitecaps FC's 2016 Most Promising Player after appearing in eight MLS matches during their first year as a pro. The 16-year-old has previously represented Canada at the U-15, U-18, and U-20 levels, most recently helping the U-20s defeat England's U-20 side earlier this year.
Each of the four current Residency players called up have already spent time with Canada's U-17 team this year. Hernandez, Hojabrpour and Ruby were called up for a six-day evaluation camp in October, while Escobar most recently represented Canada in a three-nation series vs. Mexico and Panama in September. Hernandez and Ruby are both looking to make their international youth debuts for Canada.
This month's camp, featuring players born 2000 or later, is part of Canada's preparation for next year's CONCACAF Men's Under-17 Championship, which runs from April 21 to May 7 in Panama. From 12 nations, the top four will qualify for the FIFA U-17 World Cup India 2017 in October.
CANADA
GK- Gianluca Catalano | CAN / Toronto FC Academy
GK- Sebastian Sgarbossa | CAN / Waterloo United
CB- Julian Dunn-Johnson | CAN / Toronto FC Academy
CB- Yohan Le Bourhis | CAN / Académie Impact de Montréal
CB- Antonio Rocco Romeo | CAN / Toronto FC Academy
FB- Gabriel Escobar | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC U-16 Residency
FB- Émile Legault | FRA / AJ Auxerre
FB- Terique Mohammed | CAN / Toronto FC Academy
FB- Jake Ruby | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC U-16 Residency
M- Alphonso Davies | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC
M- Benson Fazili | CAN / Ottawa Internationals SC
M- Alessandro Hojabrpour | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC U-16 Residency
M- Noble Okello | CAN / Toronto FC Academy
M- Ben Paton | ENG / Blackburn U-19
M- Steffen Yeates | CAN / Toronto FC Academy
F- Jonathan David | CAN / Ottawa Internationals SC
F- José Hernández | CAN / Vancouver Whitecaps FC U-16 Residency
W- Olakunle Dada-Luke | CAN / Toronto FC Academy
W- Jordan Faria | CAN / Toronto FC Academy
W- Matthew Roberts | ENG / Swansea City AFC Academy
By Elizabeth Cohen and John Bonifield
PHILADELPHIA (CNN) — Stranded outside in the rising waters of Hurricane Harvey, feverish and in great pain, 14-year-old Tyler Frank tried desperately to think of ways to get themselves and their family to safety.
Calling 911 didn't work. Begging for help on Facebook and Instagram failed, too.
“I was like — Siri's smart enough! Let me ask her!” Tyler said.
And indeed Siri was smart enough. With one inquiry to the Apple personal assistant — “Siri, call the Coast Guard” — Tyler got their whole family rescued after two days out in the storm.
It happened in the nick of time. Tyler suffers from a genetic disorder called sickle cell anemia. When Harvey hit, they suffered a sickle cell crisis, as their stiff and oddly shaped red blood cells clogged up their blood vessels and prevented oxygen from reaching parts of their body.
The pain of a sickle cell crisis can be worse than the pain of childbirth, according to the National Institutes of Health.
BVSPCA Welcomes Shelter Animals From Harvey-Ravaged Areas
Trauma or exposure to cold can trigger a crisis, according to Dr. Titilope Fasipe, Tyler's hematologist at Texas Children's Hospital. Tyler suffered both.
In the early morning hours of August 27, Tyler, their mother, and three brothers awoke to water in their home up to Tyler's chest. Soon the water was nearly over their head.
Tyler's oldest brother, Joseph, 18, carried them on their back to the roof. Them next oldest brother, Brayland, 16, carried their youngest brother, Jaquarus, 8, on their back.
Shivering in the cold, Tyler had only a towel to protect them Then the towel got wet.
That's when they thought of asking Siri to connect them to the Coast Guard.
They gave the man on the other end of the line their family's location, and explained that they were sick and scared for their life.
The man told Tyler they were a brave “guy.”
“I was like, ‘I'm a girl!' And they were like, ‘oh, you're one brave girl.' And I was like, thank you!'” they said.
Man Finds 10-Foot Gator Inside Flooded Home Near Houston
A Coast Guard helicopter arrived the following afternoon. Tyler's mother, Tameko Frank, recorded the scene on Facebook Live.
One of the rescuers descended from the helicopter and spoke with them They said they asked if anyone was sick.
By this time, Tyler had a 103 degree fever.
“I told them yes, I have a child with sickle cell and she's very sick, and I need you all to take her,” Frank said.
They said the rescuer told them they were only taking elderly people, and they would come back for others.
“She was standing right there in front of him. And they turned around and got on the helicopter and left,” Frank said.
As they watched the helicopter take off, Tyler said they felt abandoned.
“Why did they leave when we really need them?” they said. “It made me cry.”
Sewage, Fecal Bacteria In Hurricane Harvey Floodwaters
In a statement the Coast Guard told CNN; “Coast Guard first responders were faced with an overwhelming request for assistance due to Hurricane Harvey. On-scene rescue crews made determinations based upon emergent factors (i.e. immediate, life-threatening situations) and the conditions faced on the scene.”
Tyler, a straight-A ninth grader at Forest Brook High School, was undeterred.
They again called the Coast Guard number Siri had given them
The next morning, a helicopter landed, and this time it took them to safety. Again, their mother posted it on Facebook Live.
Tyler was first seen by doctors in Pasadena, Texas, and then sent on to Memorial Hermann hospital in Houston. From there they went by ambulance to Texas Children's Hospital, where Tyler has been treated since they were a baby.
Fasipe marvels at Tyler's resilience. On top of withstanding two days in the rain and two helicopter trips while sick and feverish, the teen has been in and out of the hospital all their life. At age three, they had their spleen removed, and she's had six blood transfusions, the first when they were just six months old.
“She's got this great sense of humor — they just made us laugh,” Fasipe said. “It's so impressive what they and their family dealt with. I don't think most of us can even imagine.”
Discharged from the hospital on Friday, they and their mother and four brothers — 15-year-old Brayveon wasn't at home when the storm hit — are sharing one room at a Super 8 hotel off a Houston highway.
They have no place to live, and no clothes except what's been donated to them.
“Our car is gone, our house is gone, everything's gone,” Frank said. “We have to start over.”
The-CNN-Wire ™ & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved.
If you're like us, seeing the Aurora Borealis in person is high on your bucket list… quite possibly right at the top. The idea of watching this spectacular natural light show in real-time is thrilling, and while you don't get there sitting on your couch reading this, the video above by Ole C. Salomonsen of Arctic Light Photo is about as close as you're likely to get without being there in person.
Captured over the course of several months in Norway, Salomonsen has compiled the best of the best real-time footage they were able to capture with the Sony a7S into 5 minutes of northern lights bliss.
We spoke to Salomonsen about the video, and they were kind enough to reveal some of the details behind capturing such beautiful real-time footage:
Since auroras in realtime move (mostly) slower than time-lapse videos give the impression of, it was important for me to get the best sequences where some movement in the auroras was involved, as well as nailing the best possible compositions. I tried to feature both the slow and majestic auroras, as well as the furious fast auroras, and combine both city shots in light pollution (to show that it actually is possible to see the auroras in combination with city lights), and shots in complete darkness, shot with people, shot with pans (using Dynamic Perception Stage One + AT2 controller).
But they didn't stop there. They tell us they also always wanted to shoot real-time auroras using a gimbal… so they did just that:
I was running in the forests and parks close to Tromsø, using the DJI Ronin, while the aurora was hanging in the background/sky, to give a real impression of depth and movement…
As for how the a7S performed, they sing the low-light king's praises but cautions that it's not a perfect camera. “Yes, the a7S is a fantastic camera,” they tell us, “but files out of the camera are not free of noise, you need to work a lot with the files in post..”
The shots you see in the video at the top were captured using the a7S, Samyang 24 and 35mm f/1.4 lenses wide-open, and ISOs set between 20,000 and 40,000.
The best thing about the video, says Salomonsen, is that they captured some things they had never even seen before in all their years hunting the aurora borealis.
“I was lucky to get, maybe, the fastest auroras I have ever seen in my career, at the end of this film,” they say. “And I got a massive coronal aurora display, which is what every aurora hunter dreams of experiencing.”
Check out the video at the top to see it for yourself, head over to Arctic Light Photo to see more, and then try… just try to keep yourself from buying the next ticket to Norway.
Who does want to go to space? No less, in an elevator. While NASA's been working hard for years trying to find the necessary tools to do just that, other firms are doing the same across different parts of the world. Japanese construction company Obayashi, for instance, is one of those, and today it revealed its plans to have a fully functional space elevator by the year 2050. As Australian Broadcasting Corporation reports, Obayashi says it is working to build a space elevator that can reach 96,000 kilometers (roughly 60,000 miles) into space, capable of transporting people and cargo at a much lower cost than the rockets traditionally launched from Earth. The trip on Obayashi's space elevator is said to take a total of seven days one-way, with the destination being a space station that would be built specifically for this scenario.
Muscovites Protest Mayor's Plans to Demolish Their Homes
Enlarge this image toggle caption Alexander Nemenov/AFP/Getty Images Alexander Nemenov/AFP/Getty Images
Anna Sazonkina never used to go to rallies. The 41-year-old viola teacher and their husband, an oboist, were too busy raising their four boys.
But on Sunday, the couple went out to protest for the first time in their lives, joining thousands rallying in downtown Moscow to save their homes from the wrecking ball.
Earlier this year, Russian President Vladimir Putin gave their blessing to Moscow Mayor Sergei Sobyanin to knock down thousands of Soviet-era apartment blocks and resettle as many as 1 million residents in modern high rises.
One of the most enduring legacies of communist rule in Russia has been a housing stock that was often hastily built, long neglected and now is falling into various stages of disrepair.
Yet not all Muscovites have welcomed Sobyanin's urban renewal plan, which the city is calling a "renovation program."
When Sazonkina and their husband, Vladislav Komissarchuk, bought their modest three-bedroom apartment in north Moscow last August, they thought they'd finally found the perfect home. The 800-sq.-ft. walk-up is on the third floor of a five-story brick building constructed in the 1960s.
"We were so happy, and this flat was in very good condition," said Sazonkina, cradling their 4-month-old son in the open-plan kitchen. "It looked like it was built especially for our family."
Sazonkina loves their leafy courtyard, the nearby school and the fact that their mother lives a 10-minute walk away.
But the building is now on a list of 4,500 mostly 5-story apartment blocks that the city wants to tear down.
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lucian Kim/NPR Lucian Kim/NPR
This week the the city began polling residents of buildings slated for demolition; according to the mayor, if two-thirds of a building vote against it, their homes will be spared. Many homeowners are skeptical of the voting procedure, especially as not a single "no" vote was registered in more than 60 districts on Monday, the first day of voting.
Sazonkina figures that most of their neighbors will vote for resettlement in the poll. But she's opposed; they say their constitutionally-guaranteed property rights are being violated, since she's not being given a real choice.
"They'll make our life hell, and sooner or later they'll squeeze us out," Sazonkina said. "But my civic conscience won't allow me to vote for it."
As Sazonkina found out at the protest they joined on Sunday, they aren't alone. Homeowners are also venting their anger in online groups and holding grassroots seminars on how to defend their property rights.
Opponents of the plan don't believe the mayor's promise that they'll receive an apartment of equal size in the same district. They also doubt the quality of the new buildings and fear that Moscow will become a concrete jungle of 20-story high rises.
Most of all, they don't like being treated like "sheep led to slaughter," as Sazonkina puts it.
Yuliya Galyamina, a linguist turned civic activist who organized Sunday's rally, believes the real reason for the mass resettlement program is to revive the Moscow real estate market, which has been battered by Russia's economic downturn.
"The government treats the people like Soviet people, but there are no Soviet people anymore," said Galyamina. "People are different now. They've become property owners and have a sense of self-respect."
Galyamina claims "Putin's friends" came up with the demolition plan because they view their fellow citizens as nothing more than a source of income.
Sergei Zverev, the head of the construction committee in Moscow's city council and a member of Putin's party, smiles when they hear such accusations.
"Of course we can blame everything bad on our president, but we should recognize that they support our idea," they said. "Name just about any issue and you'll find someone who's against it and says, 'You're violating my rights.'"
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lucian Kim/NPR Lucian Kim/NPR
Zverev argues that most Muscovites affected by the resettlement program would prefer new housing: Many of the old buildings contain wooden beams and have ancient plumbing and tiny kitchens and bathrooms.
"Moscow will become more beautiful and more convenient – and most importantly, more comfortable to live in," they said.
The city insists nobody will be resettled to another district, and those who don't want new apartments will get financial compensation.
Homeowners like Sazonkina don't believe the mayor's guarantees. Just by being on the list of condemned buildings, the value of their property has already dropped.
Sazonkina's downstairs neighbor, Roman Gorsky, says they will vote for their building's demolition, even though they share their outrage.
"I don't have any illusions about how constitutional this is, but the problem is that it's very difficult to fight with our government," said Gorsky, 43, the father of three. "My children could end up without a roof over their heads. The choice is between having some kind of home or being homeless."
Their building will be demolished whatever happens, Gorksy says, so it's better to get it over with quickly to avoid getting stuck at the end of the line for a new apartment.
The polling of residents is due to be completed next month. In July, the Duma, the lower house of Russia's parliament, is set to pass a bill enshrining Moscow's renovation program into law.
A surveillance bill that is the third attempt by lawmakers to institute controversial internet security reforms has cleared a crucial vote in the Senate.
A vote of 83-14 to end debate on a bundle of amendments to the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act (CISA) went through the Senate on Thursday. The controversial bill would provide incentives for companies to share user data with the federal government.
Thursday's vote was the first serious step toward the passage of CISA, but the long-stalled bill faces more debates and procedural votes in the future.
READ MORE: ‘No customer oversight': Dreaded cybersecurity bill CISA is back
Senate also nixed the amendment suggested by libertarian-leaning Senator and presidential candidate Rand Paul (R-Kentucky), whose campaign website says that the bill “would transform websites into government spies.” The measure only got 32 votes, short of the simple majority it needed to pass.
The Kentucky senator suggested an amendment to strip companies of the immunity from liability for breaking privacy agreements with their customers.
YourAnonNews: Today! Stop CISA protest on 1st NE & E. Capitol in D.C. Take a stand to stop surveillance & irrespon… pic.twitter.com/fHVANI5Y5P — Anonymous (@CovertAnonymous) October 22, 2015
One of the amendments that the Senate agreed end debate on and allow is meant to assuage fears by restricting the type of data that companies can share, and set up a system to remove personal data that the government accidentally receives under the measure.
It was co-sponsored by Senators Richard Burr (R-North Carolina) and Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif) trying to mitigate some of the privacy and surveillance fears that have kept CISA off the Senate floor for so long, and it's expected to be adopted by the Senate.
"We have been at this for six years," said Feinstein just before the vote, according to The Hill. "This is the third bill. We have been bipartisan."
READ MORE: CISA threat: How cybersecurity may harm Americans privacy and hit whistleblowers
While some groups purport that CISA is needed to stop hackers, major major tech firms – like Apple, Google and Dropbox – have joined Senator Paul in calling the bill a major threat to internet freedom that won't even make the internet more secure.
"We don't support the current CISA proposal," Apple said in a Tuesday statement. "The trust of our customers means everything to us and we don't believe security should come at the expense of their privacy."
Dropbox said that the bill needed more privacy protections in order to win its support.
"While it's important for the public and private sector to share relevant data about emerging threats, that type of collaboration should not come at the expense of users' privacy" said Amber Cottle, head of Dropbox global public policy and government affairs, according to the Washington Post.
Other major internet players, like Wikimedia foundation – which runs Wikipedia – and Yelp have come out against the surveillance bill.
Congress is trying to pass a "cybersecurity" bill that threatens your privacy. Join us & others to oppose: http://t.co/WtpEoS4ESS — Yelp (@Yelp) October 19, 2015
A group of demonstrators also gathered outside of Congress Thursday night in order to protest the bill's advancement. Organized by groups like Fight for the Future and Code Pink, the event was meant to push lawmakers to oppose CISA.
BREAKING: Protesters gathering outside Congress to oppose #CISA. Retweet f you support them! https://t.co/9Yip2l0bDepic.twitter.com/I9mKHVqeKi — Fight for the Future (@fightfortheftr) October 22, 2015
The bill is a "dirty surveillance deal between the government and corporations that takes away our basic rights, makes us less safe, and puts corporations out of reach of the law," organizers wrote on the event's Facebook page.
Senator Ron Wyden (D-Oregon), a major critic of the bill, said that the overwhelming number of tech companies aligned against the bill shows the bill does not respect the privacy of Americans.
"Sharing information about cybersecurity threats is a worthy goal," said Wyden, according to The Washington Post. "Yet if you share more information without strong privacy protections, millions of Americans will say, 'That is not a cybersecurity bill. It is a surveillance bill.'"
Despite the massive amount of opposition from industry leaders and privacy advoactes, CISA has broad bipartisan support in both chambers of Congress and from the Obama administration.
San Francisco: A co-founder of Twitter says he's sorry if the popular social media platform helped put Donald Trump in the White House, as the US President has suggested.
In an interview with The New York Times , Evan Williams says Twitter's role in Mr Trump's populist rise is "a very bad thing".
The President has credited Twitter with their election to the highest office in the land.
When confronted with that notion, Williams said: "If it's true that they wouldn't be President if it weren't for Twitter, then yeah, I'm sorry."
The 45-year-old Silicon Valley entrepreneur also said the internet is obviously "broken" because it rewards extremes.
"Say you're driving down the road and see a car crash," David Streitfeld writes in their interview with Williams. "Of course you look. Everyone looks. The internet interprets behaviour like this to mean everyone is asking for car crashes, so it tries to supply them."
Williams told Streitfeld that their goal is to break this pattern: "If I learn that every time I drive down this road I'm going to see more and more car crashes, I'm going to take a different road."
Williams also says they were wrong thinking that the world would be a better place if there was a platform for everyone to freely speak and exchange ideas.
AP
SPONTANEANATION with Paul F. Tompkins #112
Paul F. Tompkins welcomes adult men and women back to Spontaneanation! This week, Paul's special guest is singer-songwriter Ted Leo! They chat about when was the last time Ted cried out of happiness, a story about a determined tortoise, and going from having a fear of animals as a kid to now living with a cat. Paul is then joined by Colleen Smith, Craig Cackowski, and Jordan Black, to improvise a story set in Life Drawing Class. And as always, Eban (only the best) Schletter scores it all on piano!
If you'd like to provide a location for the improv on a future episode, follow @Spontaneanation on Twitter so you won/t miss the prompt!
This episode is brought to you by Mack Weldon (www.mackweldon.com code: PFT), Dollar Shave Club (www.dollarshaveclub.com/PFT), Leesa.com (www.leesa.com code: PFT), and BullGoose Shaving (www.bullgooseshaving.com code: PFT).
[rust-dev] Vectors, mutability & vec::dedup
On 12-12-13 12:17 AM, Tom Lee wrote: > It looks like the 'move' operations here are directly modifying the > contents of the vector by moving data around in the vector. This > strikes me as kind of strange. I've allocated an immutable vector on > the exchange stack and so make the assumption that the contents of the > vector is in effect fixed. Is that assumption cast to the wind as soon > as I start working with a mutable, borrowed pointer to that same > vector? More or less. Mutability "inherits" (not sure I love that term, but it's what we're using) along the ownership path to a memory cell. So while -- operationally -- you and I both know that there's a difference between: // "Mutating a cell in a vector" foo[0] = 1 and // "Mutating the vector variable" foo = [1] + foo[1..] The _observational_ difference, on an owned value (i.e. you're the only person who can even see the vector in question) is really just that the latter would do a bunch of allocation, copying and freeing, and wind up pointing to a different place containing exactly the same result. From the perspective of the surrounding code, if it's not actually paying attention to pointer values, those two lines are identical. So after much struggling with library idiom evaluation, we decided that differentiating the two in the type system was more cost than benefit -- it meant we had to have two different paths for a lot of code that differed only in where the obligatory word 'mut' showed up -- and rearranged mutability so that it "inherits" through the ownership path. That brings with it the significant benefit that we can often toggle the mutability from the entire datatype by assigning it to a read-only or read-write owner. > Or is this just the consequence of a bit of a sleazy optimization, > where the function signature makes it *look* like we're going to > return the deduped result in 'v' when in fact we're modifying it > in-place? More or less. One person's sleazy optimization is another person's essential one. De-dupe might be a bit surprising but for a lot of operations (mostly vector operations -- it's the "arbitrary size" type after all), doing them "in place" is the difference between acceptable performance and "ugh, I'll just go do this in C". Our goal is to minimize the number of cases where users feel they have to switch to C "for performance reasons". > I'm not sure there's a coherent question here, but I feel like I'm > missing something. Hopefully somebody can understand what I'm rambling > on about & shed some light :) Rambling questions -- so long as they're not too hostile! -- are good. They point out a need for docs that clarify and make-explicit. We'll need a lot more discussion about this in the docs eventually. Keep pointing out things that don't make sense and we'll try to make sure they're well covered. (And just as likely someone who can explain this better will tell me I'm mis-representing it now, and we'll all learn something!) -Graydon
WEATHER ADVISORY: Freeze Watch In Effect Tonight
By Space Coast Daily // January 7, 2014
BREVARD WEATHER FORECAST FOR January 6, 2014
TONIGHT TUESDAY TUESDAY
NIGHT WEDNESDAY WEDNESDAY
NIGHT THURSDAY Partly
Cloudy Partly
Sunny Partly
Cloudy Chance
Of
Showers Chance
Of
Showers Chance
Of
Showers Lo: 35°F Hi: 51°F
Lo: 41°F Hi: 71°F
Lo: 65°F Hi: 75°F
POP: 20% POP: 30% POP: 50%
BREVARD COUNTY, FLORIDA – A freeze watch has been issued by the National Weather Service in Melbourne, Florida.
The freeze watch expires on Tuesday, January, 7 at 9 a.m. local time.
Affected areas include Northern Brevard County, as well as Volusia, Orange, Osceola and Seminole counties. Expect and prepare for the following conditions:
• Areas: Freeze and hard freeze watches in effect for portions of East Central Florida Monday night.
• Duration: Freeze watch will remain in effect from late Monday night through Tuesday morning.
• Temperature: Very cold air will affect Orange, Seminole, Osceola and Northern Brevard Counties behind a cold front late Monday night. Late night temperatures are expected to drop to around the freezing mark late at night.
• Wind Speed: Northwest winds are expected at 10 to 15 mph during the late night hours.
• Impacts: The cold temperatures can kill crops and other tender vegetation if not adequately protected.
PRECAUTIONARY / PREPAREDNESS ACTIONS
A freeze watch means freezing temperatures are possible. Remember to bring pets and house plants indoors. Protect outdoor tender vegetation. Dress appropriately for the cold temperatures.
Be extra careful with kerosene and space heaters. Be sure to keep space heaters away from curtains and other flammable materials.
THIS WEEK'S FORECAST
Tonight…Partly cloudy. Breezy. Lows in the mid 30s. Northwest winds to 15 to 20 mph. Lowest wind chill readings 20 to 25 after midnight.
Tuesday…Partly sunny. Highs in the lower 50s. North winds 10 to 15 mph with gusts to around 30 mph.
Tuesday Night…Partly cloudy. Lows in the lower 40s. North winds 5 to 10 mph.
Wednesday…Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers. Warmer. Highs in the lower 70s. North winds around 10 mph becoming northeast 10 to 15 mph in the afternoon. Chance of rain 20 percent.
Wednesday Night…Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers. Milder. Lows in the mid 60s. Northeast winds 5 to 10 mph becoming east 10 to 15 mph after midnight. Chance of rain 30 percent.
Thursday…Mostly cloudy with a chance of showers. Breezy. Highs in the mid 70s. Chance of rain 50 percent.
Thursday Night…Considerable cloudiness with a chance of showers. Lows in the mid 60s. Chance of rain 30 percent.
Friday…Considerable cloudiness with a chance of showers. Highs around 80. Chance of rain 30 percent.
Friday Night…Considerable cloudiness. A slight chance of evening showers. Lows in the upper 60s. Chance of rain 20 percent.
Saturday…Partly sunny with a slight chance of showers. Highs in the mid 80s. Chance of rain 20 percent.
Saturday Night…Partly cloudy. Lows in the upper 60s.
Sunday…Partly cloudy with a slight chance of showers. Highs in the lower 80s. Chance of rain 20 percent.
Sunday Night…Partly cloudy with a chance of showers. Lows in the lower 60s. Chance of rain 30 percent.
Click here to contribute your news or announcements Free
Posted by
Andre Orlando,
April 1, 2014
Email
Richard Bucciarelli For more information about Soccer Fitness, please visit www.soccerfitness.ca.
Macro nutrition for elite soccer players
Soccer is a complicated physical and technical sport that requires multiple energy systems dominating throughout the game. A match usually last 90-95 minutes, with a 15 minute break at half time. One would assume that soccer is mostly dominated by aerobic fitness and the aerobic energy system, but it is not. Soccer consists of short bursts of speed and strength followed by a long chase or battle with opponents, all of which are performed by the anaerobic energy system. Other soccer movements include quicker bursts of power to jump up and win a header or (for goalkeepers) to the side to make a save and in these movements the anaerobic ATP-CP system dominates. All of these different movements occur in several combinations lasting 90+ minutes, so they can also take a toll on the body's aerobic energy system, which must provide the body with sufficient energy to recover. With all three of the body's energy systems working at once, how does one prepare for optimal performance during a game, and for optimal recovery afterwards? An elite soccer player cannot just eat like a sprinter, or a marathon runner, or even a hockey player because the energy requirements for a soccer player can be much more diverse. A balanced diet focusing on all the essential macronutrients is very important for soccer player's performance and recovery after a game. Pre-game or Pre-training nutrition:
On game or training day the player will need to store up optimal energy for optimal performance. If the player eats too little they will fatigue much faster and performance will decrease. If a player eats too much they can feel bloated and sluggish and performance will decrease. But if the player has the right meal with at the right time they will perform optimally. Carbohydrates are a very important macronutrient for soccer players. Once ingested, they are broken down into glucose which is used in glycolysis (anaerobic energy system) or stored as glycogen for later energy use. The recommended amount of carbohydrates for elite soccer players is 200-300g 3-4 hours before exercise or 3-5g CHO/kg of body weight1. This will provide enough time and carbohydrates to maximize maintenance of blood glucose1. Protein is another important macronutrient for soccer a player that forms the building blocks for muscle tissue. The recommended amount of protein is 20-30 grams of lean protein 3-4 hours before exercise2. Fat, the third main macronutrient, contains a lot of energy but can cause gastric distress and bloating if consumed close to exercise. It is recommended that the consumption of fat and fiber is low during the pre game or training meal to minimize bloating and gastric distress. Also it is important to note that all pre game meals should be familiar to the athlete, and in general athletes should avoid new or exotic meals before training/playing. Lastly the meal should be accompanied by enough fluid to keep the athlete hydrated and satisfy their thirst, preferably water. Post-game or Post-training recovery
It is arguable that post-game nutrition is even more important than pre game nutrition. The post-training/game time period is where all the work done in training and during the game is transferred into actual physical results. The body is broken down during exercise and after exercise it needs to recover and build back up. A primary key to recovery is proper rest and nutrition. After an intense bout of exercise, muscle glycogen is depleted and needs to be refueled. This muscle glycogen is what the muscles use to create energy during exercise when there is no immediate access to glucose. To refuel this depleted muscle glycogen carbohydrate ingestion post-exercise are recommended. It is recommended to consume 1.2 grams per kilogram of body weight of carbohydrates to optimally replenish glycogen storages post exercise3. Protein is also key post exercise to optimize muscle protein synthesis. During strenuous exercise muscle tissue is damaged and needs to be repaired. Protein holds the building blocks (amino acids) for this repair of muscle tissue. To optimize muscle protein synthesis it is recommended to intake 20 grams of protein post exercise in three hour intervals up to 24 hours post exercise or until daily protein requirements are reached4. Fat intake is not crucial post exercise as long as the daily recommendations are met. It is very important to rehydrate the athlete and make sure they consume enough water so that they do not feel thirsty. Daily Macronutrient Requirements for Soccer players
Throughout the day an elite soccer player should have multiple smaller meals, rather than three big meals. These meals should include fruits and vegetables and meet the full requirements of a soccer player's daily recommended macronutrient intake. The daily recommended carbohydrate intake for elite soccer players on none training days is 5-7 grams per kg of body weight5. On training and game days 7-10 grams per kg of body weight of carbohydrates is needed to provide optimal energy and maintain or replenish blood glucose and muscle glycogen storages5. Recommended daily protein intake for soccer players is 1.4 grams per kg per day6. This will allow for optimal muscle protein synthesis and reduce the risk of muscle break down. Fat consumption is very important for a soccer player as well, because it is required to transport and store fat soluble vitamins throughout the body. Fat is also a high energy source used by endurance athletes. Fat oxidation provides more energy than any other substrate, and fat is also used for long term energy production (aerobic energy system). The recommended amount of fat is 20-25% of your daily caloric intake7. Preferably, athletes should consume healthy fats, such as unsaturated omega-3 and 6 fats. It is also important to note that hydration throughout the day is also very important, and any athlete should be consuming as much water as possible to maintain optimal hydration. References
Potgieter, S. (2013). Sport nutrition: A review of the latest guidelines for exercise and sport nutrition from the American College of Sport Nutrition, the International Olympic Committee and the International Society for Sports Nutrition. South African Journal of Clinical Nutrition, 26(1), 6-16. Boisseau, N., Vermorel, M., Rance, M., Duché, P., & Patureau-Mirand, P. (2007). Protein requirements in male adolescent soccer players. European journal of applied physiology, 100(1), 27-33. Van Loon, L. J., Saris, W. H., Kruijshoop, M., & Wagenmakers, A. J. (2000). Maximizing postexercise muscle glycogen synthesis: carbohydrate supplementation and the application of amino acid or protein hydrolysate mixtures. The American journal of clinical nutrition, 72(1), 106-11. Moore, D. R., Areta, J., Coffey, V. G., Stellingwerff, T., Phillips, S. M., Burke, L. M., . & Hawley, J. A. (2012). Daytime pattern of post-exercise protein intake affects whole-body protein turnover in resistance-trained males. Nutr Metab (Lond), 9(1), 91. Burke, L. M., Cox, G. R., Cummings, N. K., & Desbrow, B. (2001). Guidelines for daily carbohydrate intake. Sports medicine, 31(4), 267-299. Boisseau, N., Vermorel, M., Rance, M., Duché, P., & Patureau-Mirand, P. (2007). Protein requirements in male adolescent soccer players. European journal of applied physiology, 100(1), 27-33. Burke, L. M., Kiens, B., & Ivy, J. L. (2004). Carbohydrates and fat for training and recovery. Journal of sports sciences, 22(1), 15-30. Andre Orlando is an Internship Student with Soccer Fitness Inc., from the University of Guelph-Humber Kinesiology and Health Sciences Program. For more information about Soccer Fitness, please visit www.soccerfitness.ca.
Lee Zeldin (R-Long Island) has defended their decision to hold a Manhattan fundraiser headlined by far-right flamethrower Steve Bannon.
Zeldin, a two-term incumbent who is considered a top target of Democrats in the 2018 midterm elections, confirmed reports that they have joined forces with Bannon, the former White House adviser who has declared war on the Republican establishment.
Long Island Congressman explains why they welcome the support and fundraising of Steve Bannon ¯_(ツ)_/¯ pic.twitter.com/8WqT6bRHCj— Josh Marshall (@joshtpm) November 27, 2017
“He's gotten a bad rap in a lot of respects,” Zeldin told CNN's Wolf Blitzer. “I've heard them called a Nazi or a Nazi sympathizer.”
“There's a lot about their background that people don't know,” said Zeldin, who represents a moderate swing district that would appear to be unfriendly turf for Bannon's scorched-earth populism. The Breitbart News boss has recently pushed hard for accused pedophile Roy Moore in their run for Senate from Alabama.
“He could do a better job of defending himself,” Zeldin said. “I agree with them in some respects and I might disagree with them in others.”
Zeldin, who is one of just two GOP Jewish members of Congress, pointed to Bannon's strong support for Israel and their forecful opposition to the BDS movement as reasons to accept their active backing.
With President Trump's popularity at a historic low, Bannon has said they plan to mount far right-wing challenges to a string of Republican lawmakers in 2018, amid signs Democrats could have a serious chance of retaking the House and Senate.
Boże coś Polskę przez tak liczne wieki
Ochronić nie mógł od "czarnej bezpieki"
ochroń nas chociaż od zwałów tej chały
o twojej mocy, i potędze chwały...
Przed twe ołtarze zanosim błaganie....rozwiń całość
Boże coś Polskę przez tak liczne wieki
Ochronić nie mógł od "czarnej bezpieki"
ochroń nas chociaż od zwałów tej chały
o twojej mocy, i potędze chwały...
Przed twe ołtarze zanosim błaganie.
Za jakie grzechy to pomnikowanie?!
Ty, coś jej nigdy nie wsparł przed upadkiem.
Na koniec skarał toruniowym "Tatkiem"
Ten chcąc świat cały w swoją zaprząc sławę,
Do polskich nieszczęść swą dołożył sprawę
Przed twe ołtarze zanosim błaganie.
Wyrzuć znów "kupców", okaż zmiłowanie!
Ty, który pono firmujesz ich cudy
Swym miłosierdziem zakrywasz ich brudy
Rwą nam miliardy wypocone w znoju
Przed ich chciwością - ani dnia spokoju!!
Przed twe ołtarze zanosim błaganie.
Gdzie twa Opatrzność, gdy krew piją dranie?!
Wróć nowej Polsce świetność starożytną
Spraw wiary Polan odrestaurowanie;
Niech święte gaje znów gęsto zakwitną,
I niech szlag trafi Rzymu panowanie!
Przed twe ołtarze zanosim błaganie.
Okaż swą siłę, pogoń czarne dranie!!!
Jeszcze tu wzejdzie jutrznia Światowida
Katokapłanów - kijami złomocą
Ujdą w niesławie katochwalcy Żyda
W nich Perun całą swoją strzeli mocą!
Przed twe ołtarze zanosim błaganie.
Wyrzuć SZALBIERCÓW, okaż zmiłowanie!
----------------------------------------------------------
"Bo że coś Polskę"
Bo że coś Polskę przez tak długie wieki
- jakiś kleszcz jadem kat-niegodziwości
Truje, a Polan na Euro-kaleki
tu poprzerabiał - nie ma wątpliwości!!
Z ziem umęczonych zanosim błaganie
zdejm pasożyta, bądź tak dobry, Panie!
Krwią naszą zbrzękły, ciągnie odwłok czarny
Opuchł krwawicą narodu polskiego
Nie myśli odpaść, tedy wieszczę marny
koniec narodu przez wieki ssanego!
Pełni nadziei w Twoje zmiłowanie
błagamy - wyrwij, rozduś kleszcza, Panie!
Butny i pyszny, nadęty i skąpy
Pazerny grosza i tandetnej pompy
blichtru pozłoty, i dźwięku mamony
Nasz kleszcz wielebny, krwi nienasycony!
Nakarm, niech pęknie, daj długie skonanie
Parazytowi, co nas gnębi, Panie!
Krwią narodową tuczony się mnoży
do głów dziecięcych wbija, że On "Boży"
stek dyrdymałów, za które płacimy
Czy my się kiedyś odeń wyzwolimy?
Czy możem liczyć na porządne lanie
z ręki Twej, Boże, srogie pokaranie?
Czasu mszy świętej pokornie łeb chyli
ministrantura śmiga na wyprzódki
kierdel jagniątek - raj dla pedofili
jest w czym wybierać, nie zbraknie mu trzódki!
Bo to normalne, że strzygą i golą
ale dlaczego dzieci nam pi....lą?!
Jeśli to będzie podług Twojej woli
sczeźnie, zanim nas zabije anemią
chyba, że ktoś mu po łbie przyp....li
o ziemię rzuci, nim On - anatemą!
Nie ważne, Panie, kto prosi, kto pyta
czyś protektorem kato-pasożyta?
Za bezmiar zbrodni, których jest powodem
nie spada mieczem Twe boskie skaranie
Co jest dla ludu widomym dowodem
że cię nie było, i nie ma cię, Panie!!
Nie masz dowodu nieistnienia Boga
Nad fakt... potęgi Kato-Demagoga!!
zwiń
Hair bleach, nail varnish remover and drain cleaner could all be BANNED from open sale under new anti-terror plans to limit chemicals used to make explosives
Anti-terrorism proposals limit sale of chemicals used in home-made bombs
Hydrogen peroxide is used in hair bleach and to clean pools and hot tubs
Acetone, which is widely found in nail varnish remover, is also on the list
Home-made explosives used in more than 70 per cent of UK terror attacks
Under new rules, shoppers would need a licence or to provide address
Shoppers could be banned from buying hair bleach, nail varnish remover and drain cleaners under new anti-terrorism proposals.
The Home Office is examining ways to restrict the availability of chemicals which would-be terrorists could use to manufacture explosives.
Yesterday it published proposals to inhibit the sale of chemicals such as hydrogen peroxide, which is found in home hair dyeing kits, disinfectants and fish tank cleaner, and acetone, found in nail varnish remover and used to remove popular gel nail polish.
New anti-terrorism proposals would limit the sale of hydrogen peroxide, pictured, which can be used to make explosives
Under the new proposals, the public could be banned from buying them altogether, or would be required to obtain a licence before buying them. Another suggestion is that purchasers would have to give their name and address to the retailers at the till.
The plans have been published as a part of a European Union drive to limit the availability of chemicals that can be used in terrorism.
Drawn up after a consultation, the Home Office proposal says: 'Further Government intervention is necessary to deter and detect terrorist acquisition of explosive precursors, and to comply with EU law.'
It aims not just to prevent terrorist attacks, but to alert authorities to anyone planning such attacks.
A list of chemicals whose sale would be restricted includes hydrogen peroxide, used in home bleach, fish tank cleaner, wound disinfectant, metal etching kits and swimming pool and hot tub cleaners, and nitromethane, used as fuel for model engines.
Potassium chlorate and sodium chlorate, used in weedkiller and home fireworks, are on the list, which also includes acetone, used in nail varnish remover, sulphuric acid, found in drain and swimming pool cleaner, and hexamine, found in camping fuel tablets.
This CCTV still shows Manfo Kwaku Asiedu, right, and Muktar Said Ibrahim buying hydrogen peroxide two dates before the 7/7 London terror attacks
The Home Office proposal says: 'In the UK and globally, explosives have been the terrorist's weapon of choice for many years.
'Homemade explosives have been part of over 70% of UK homeland attacks since the late 1990s. They are capable of causing mass harm and significant infrastructure damage.
'Some of the chemicals used to make the explosives used in the attacks also have legitimate uses in the home. It is important that we protect against their misuse, whilst still allowing legitimate use.'
Muslim extremists behind the 7/7 terror attacks on London in 2005 used bombs made with hydrogen peroxide from hair dye. The attacks left 52 people dead and more than 700 injured.
THE CHEMICALS THAT COULD BE BANNED FROM OPEN SALE
These are among the chemicals whose sale might be restricted under new proposals from the Home Office, and their main uses: Hydrogen peroxide: Fish tank cleaner, wound disinfectant, metal etching, cleaning and treatment, bleaching agent Nitromethane: Model engine fuel Nitric acid: Metal etching Potassium chlorate: Pyrotechnics, herbicide The proposed legislation would see restrictions on a raft of chemicals currently available on the open market Potassium perchlorate: Pyrotechnics and rocket propellant Sodium chlorate: Pyrotechnics, herbicide Sodium perchlorate: Pyrotechnics, rocket propellant Hexamine: Camping fuel tablets Sulphuric acid: Swimming pool cleaner, drain cleaner Acetone: Household solvent, nail varnish remover Potassium nitrate: Food preservative, fertiliser Sodium nitrate: Food preservative, fertiliser Calcium nitrate: Fertiliser Calcium ammonium nitrate: Fertiliser
Arif Hasan (@ArifHasanNFL) drops in to talk NFL free agency and what moves our beloved Minnesota Fightin' Vikings might make in it. The free agency floodgates open at 4pm ET on March 10th. This is a primer for whom the Vikings might be talking a stab at to fill out the roster as we hurtle towards the draft and yet another beautiful season of Teddy, Zimmer, and NORVVVVVV!
Spendin' Dat Cheddar Talking Points Include:
• Thoughts on the Cassel Trade. What does this mean for the backup QB spot? (T-JACK!)
• Zimmer & Spielman meet with Adrian. #BroHugs
• Adrian's 2015 team is the ____?
• Arif's Adrian article made waves this week (Arfart)
• The Salary Cap: Facts, Myths, & Misconceptions
• How contract restructuring works & why teams do it
• In House Free Agents the Vikings should keep
• The BIG Name FAs – Chance Or No Chance?
• Arif's Top-10 from their Vikings Journal FA List
• Andy's Bottom Barrel Value Options: Smart or Nah?
• Freaky Friday: Arif swaps bodies with Spielman this offseason. What moves do they make in FA & the draft.
All of this and other “OOOO, should the Vikings sign ______?!” shenanigans on this edition of the Purple FTW! Podcast!
An Andy Carlson Joint.
Listen to the Episode Below (1:09:25)
[Download the Podcast. Or the Vikings sign Ray Rice]
Purple FTW! – The Podcast dedicated to the Pain AND Pleasure that is the Minnesota Vikings.
Subscribe to the Purple FTW! Podcast on iTunes & our Youtube Channel!
Gurugram, Haryana & Thane, Maharashtra
Sukesh Bhant's phone is usually unavailable during the weekends. The manager of a small bar on the outskirts of Maharashtra's Dombivli town, 50km north-west of Mumbai, Bhant rarely gets to take their eyes off the computer and the bills. So, they simply switch their phone off during those days.
Last weekend was different, though.
Bhant spent April 01 and 02 playing games on their phone and chatting with their 26 idle staff members. Becuase Manu Deluxe Family Restaurant & Bar, where they work, was transformed. The liquor bottles, from the all-time favourite Old Monk rum to the relatively higher-end Johnnie Walker Black Label whiskey, on display under dimmed lights on Manu's shelves, had disappeared. And so had the patrons—taxi drivers, landlords, traders, and real-estate brokers—just a handful of whom walked in erratically to order some food.
The story was the same some 1,400 kilometres to the north. Techies and executives working in Delhi's satellite town of Gurugram, couldn't let their hair down at Cyber Hub after the week's grind. At the hippest bars and eateries in the region's favourite watering hole, the mood was sombre.
Small-time Manu, located on the Kalyan-Shilphata Road, and the string of pubs and restaurants—Social, Farzi Cafe, Soi 7, and others—in Cyber Hub along National Highway 8, are among thousands of such joints hit badly by a supreme court (SC) ruling. First, a Dec. 15, 2016, order banned the sale of alcohol within 500 metres of the country's state and national highways from April 01. On March 31, the court clarified that the ban was applicable to hotels and restaurants, too.
Death and drinking
The SC, in its judgment, cited the high number of accidents caused due to drunk driving in India.
The country sees one of the highest numbers of road accidents in the world annually. In 2015, the total number of such incidents increased by 2.5% to 5,01,423, from 4,89,400 in 2014, according to a report compiled by the Transport Research Wing of the Indian government's road transport & highways ministry. The total number of persons killed in road accidents increased by 4.6% from 1,39,671 in 2014 to 1,46,133 in 2015. In all, 400 people die every day in road mishaps in India.
“Official figures of road accidents, with their attendant fatalities and, injuries provided the backdrop for the intervention of this court. This court adverted to the consistent policy of the union government to curb drunken driving and, as an incident of the policy, to remove liquor vends on national highways,” the SC said in its December 2016 ruling.
The court even ordered the removal of advertisements promoting the sale of alcohol from the highways.
Business hit, jobs under threat
However, the apex court's order has jeopardised millions of jobs and hit hundreds of crores of rupees worth of business. And the effect will be felt across the entire spectrum—from the small-scale Manu to marquee properties like the Trident and Leela.
“We used to do a business of over Rs1.2 lakh each on Saturday and Sunday. We do an average business of Rs75,000 per day on weekdays. Thanks to the court ruling, that went down by upto 90%. We are virtually closed,” an anguished Bhant told Quartz.
Employees at the United Sports Bar and Grill at Viviana Mall in Maharashtra's Thane, too, are battling gloom. Government officials visited the bar on March 31 and ordered them to empty it and lock up all the alcohol bottles. Viviana is located along the Eastern Express Highway that leads out of Mumbai through Thane.
“The timing couldn't have been worse,” said Sagar Dhanawde, United Sports Bar's operations manager. ”The Indian Premier League will begin soon and people might not visit the bar because there's no alcohol.”
United and Manu are among the over 12,000 bars and restaurants in Maharashtra that were hit. This is apart from around 15,699 retail liquor outlets in the state that had to close down following the SC order.
Overall, the move could affect a third of all the outlets selling alcohol in the country, leading to a loss of Rs20,000 crore ($3.01 billion) to states, according to a report by brokerage firm CLSA.
“The ban could impact jobs of one million people in the food and beverage and alcohol industry,” said Riyaaz Amlani, president at the National Restaurant Association of India (NRAI) and owner of Impresario Entertainment and Hospitality, which runs the Social chain of restaurants among others.
What's worse is that most restaurateurs and pub owners were only half prepared for what was coming.
Confusion worse than a hangover
“On Friday (March 31) afternoon, around 4pm, is when we got to know that we have to lock away all our existing liquor stock,” Aman Kumar, a manager at a gastro-pub in Cyber Hub, said. By Saturday afternoon, they added, most bars and pubs displayed notices saying there would be no sale of alcohol. At 8pm that evening, three excise officers toured Cyber Hub to ensure the ban wasn't violated. “People had to be turned down because we weren't selling any alcohol…and that's what people come here for,” Kumar said, adding that 70% of all orders at their bar are for alcoholic drinks.
Suneera Tandon A Gurugram restaurant offers only mocktails.
On Monday afternoon, Cyber Hub was mostly about deserted bars and shuttered breweries, and a “Mocktails Only” sign welcoming patrons of an upscale resto-bar. All mostly due to a lack of clarity in the court's first order.
The SC's December 2016 ruling had clearly not mentioned restaurants and bars, Amlani said. “This ruling was always meant to be implemented only for shops that sell liquor,” they said. It was only on March 31, less than 24 hours ahead of the deadline that the court clarified that eateries, too, will have to comply.
Lobby groups ranging from tourism operators to restaurant associations are now desperately looking for a solution. Some have hinted that they may approach the government or seek legal remedy to get the ban reversed. NRAI's Amlani said the industry body is working with state governments to prove how most bars are within permissible limits from highways. “There has to be a solution and we are working on it,” they added.
So even now, many of the affected establishments are clinging on to hope. Bhant, for instance, said Manu will hold on to its 26 employees for a week more to see if anything happens. After that, they will have to be relocated or laid off.
“There still isn't any clarity about when the rule will be lifted by any authorities, so we are not even in a position to make an alternate strategy. You never know if they lift the ban tomorrow,” said Kedar Bhosale, manager at The Irish House, Viviana Mall. The 1,000-odd footfalls that The Irish House receives over regular weekends were reduced to a trickle on April 01 and 02.
Desperate measures
While most are in the wait & watch mode, many establishments and state governments are taking some desperate and smart measures.
After the SC pronounced its order in December 2016, the administration of the union territory of Chandigarh, which is also the capital of the states of Punjab and Haryana, reclassified the highways that pass through the city as district roads. Fearing a loss of revenue, states such as Telangana, Andhra Pradesh, Punjab, and Maharashtra, too, are reportedly reaching out to the roads ministry to reclassify their segments of national highways. Haryana's excise department, on the other hand, is reviewing the measurable distance between the highway and bars that could offer hope to restaurants in the area.
Meanwhile, it was being reported that some big hotels and malls on the NH8 simply changed their entrances overnight to escape the 500-metre clause and beat the ban.
Will the ban help?
Many have argued that the court ruling is ill-placed in the first place as it does not necessarily deter individuals from drinking if they have to. “More accidents happen in India than due to just drunk driving; why is the SC not directing the government to take more stringent action such as deploying speed trackers,” Amlani asked.
Businesses, meanwhile, fear a slump. “The obvious impact is that a number of outlets have to close,” Shekhar Ramamurthy, managing director of United Breweries, told The Economic Times newspaper. They argued that the move will lead to a drop in consumption of alcoholic beverages.
India's Rs40,500-crore liquor market has been sobering down of late. Volume growth across top spirits makers has remained flat as consumers remain cautious about splurging.
India has one of the world's most regulated alcohol markets. Multiple taxes, state-wide prohibitions, and the use of alcohol as political bait mean frequent policy changes. For instance, last year, the state of Bihar brought in prohibition in line with an electoral promise to woo women voters. Gujarat, for years, has been alcohol-free officially. Kerala in the south has gone after alcohol over the past few years. Other states, too, have expressed such intentions.
The current SC ban could add to the industry's woes.
The ban “can have a significant impact on the volumes in the short term as the demarcation of highway is difficult…we expect that for a quarter or two the impact will certainly be there,” Abneesh Roy, research analyst at Edelweiss Securities, said in Feb. 16 note.
Shares of liquor companies such as United Spirits were down by as much as 5.7% on the BSE on Monday following the SC decision.
Needless to say that the ruling has poured cold water on the country's nascent night life, which has for long struggled to overcome restrictive timings, a cultural stigma, and safety concerns.
Kimaya Oswal, an employee in Deloitte's Cyber Hub office welcomed the court order but said the clampdown has taken the vibe away from the space. “This is the party place for all those who work here, while it is a good decision and addresses safety concerns, I'm not sure if the place will be the same without the alcohol.”
Yet, India remains an important market, partly due to a large population that falls under the permissible drinking age limit. So, along with the deserted pubs, one will have to wait and watch to know what route tipplers take to return to the counters.
Madhura Karnik in Thane contributed to this report.
UFC heavyweight legend Mark Hunt, known as the “Super Samoan,” has joined the ranks of professional athletes who have adopted a vegan diet.
After watching footage from an undercover investigation by Last Chance for Animals revealing the horrific abuse of pigs at Christensen Farms, Hunt concluded, “I'm going vegan, hate this.”
According to a recent News Hub article , “The video provides coverage of the inner workings of the fourth largest pig farm in the United States. Pigs and piglets can be seen suffering immensely, as they are left to live out their short lives in a grotesque environment and face violent abuse from the employees.”
This comes only a few years after Mercy For Animals uncovered sickening cruelty to animals at Christensen Farms in Minnesota, one of the largest pork producers in the country.
Success stories of vegan athletes achieving optimal nutrition or harmony between their values and their diets are ever more common. From world-class professional boxers and mixed martial artists to ultramarathoners , the sports world shines with the benefits of plant-based living.
For those not in the know, nuclear power is great, but there are many reasons why we've never ditched coal and gas in favor of fission. For starters, there's risk of a meltdown, the process produces hard-to-dispose-of nuclear waste and throws out highly lethal radiation at all times. Fusion, by comparison, is a lot less dangerous, and could theoretically be shrunk down to the point where it could power an airplane that never needs to land in order to refuel.
A team at the company's Skunk Works, lead by Dr. Thomas McGuire, has cherry-picked elements from previous fusion experiments to build a magnetic containment chamber that's 90 percent smaller than previous devices. The reactor's small size means that it's possible to turn prototypes around in under a year, and McGuire believes that Lockheed Martin will be able to demonstrate true fusion energy by 2020. The system also promises to be able to plug into the existing gas turbine power infrastructure, which would instantly eliminate carbon emissions in the sector, and, even better, enhance "energy security," which is a euphemism for not buying coal and gas from your political enemies.
[Image Credit: Eric Schulzinger / Lockheed Martin]
European Union leaders could clinch a deal with Prime Minister David Cameron in February to prevent Britain from leaving, the European Council president said Thursday.
Cameron is seeking to renegotiate Britain's relationship with the bloc it joined in 1973 ahead of a referendum on membership to be held by the end of 2017. Some EU leaders are wary of agreeing to all of their demands, however, particularly on cutting benefits for EU migrants to Britain.
Speaking before Denmark, Britain's close EU ally, delivered a clear rejection of deeper integration in a referendum on a narrow issue on Thursday, Cameron said the negotiations were difficult and that they did not expect to reach a deal on their planned reforms at a European Council meeting in two weeks' time, though they would use it to "focus minds" on the changes they are seeking.
But in the strongest indication yet of a possible date for a deal with Britain, European Council President Donald Tusk said a discussion in December "should pave the way for a deal in February."
Tusk, who is leading the EU negotiations with Britain, also wrote on Twitter that they would send a letter to national leaders Monday with their assessment of the British negotiations.
A divorce would shake the 28-country union to its core, ripping away its second-largest economy and one of its top two military powers.
Pro-Europeans warn an exit from the EU would hurt Britain's economy and could prompt another vote on Scottish independence, while opponents of EU membership say Britain would prosper outside.
With no deal in December, the earliest possible date for a referendum is pushed back to June 2016 because Cameron must effectively give four months' notice before holding a vote.
Recent polls have shown British support for staying in the bloc has tumbled, partly because of perceptions of the EU's handling of the migrant crisis.
British demands
Cameron, who opposes any further transfer of sovereignty to the EU and says voters are unhappy with the current settlement, wants a commitment that the goal of ever-closer union in the EU treaty's preamble should not apply to Britain.
They also seek protection of British financial interests outside the euro area; better regulation to promote competitiveness to create jobs and growth; and tighter welfare rules to reduce the incentives for migration within the EU.
On a visit to the Bulgarian capital, Sofia, Cameron said the scale of their demands meant a deal would not be reached easily. "We need time to ensure each issue is properly addressed, because what matters most is getting the substance right and this is a large, bold and wide-ranging agenda," they said.
"I do not expect to reach agreement at this December summit, but we won't take our foot off the pedal," they added. "We will keep up the pace on negotiations and we will use this summit to focus minds and to work on solutions in the toughest areas."
The apparent delay was seized upon by campaigners lobbying for a British exit, with Richard Tice, co-founder of Leave.EU, saying the delay showed Britain's renegotiation efforts were not a priority.
Tice said in a statement it was clear Cameron's demands were "not being treated seriously enough and are not gaining traction."
"Difficult issues such as the Greek debt crisis, the migration crisis and now the security crisis continue to push their inadequate demands to the sidelines," they said.
Cameron called German Chancellor Angela Merkel earlier Thursday, and their spokesperson said the pair agreed that good progress had been made since they set out their demands to Tusk last month.
There remained "difficult issues to resolve," the spokesperson said, adding that Merkel had emphasized that they were committed to finding a way to address Britain's concerns.
A source familiar with the EU-Britain talks said Poland, whose new, right-wing government Cameron is due to visit next week, needed time and clear British concessions. But Cameron, the source said, was trying to avoid getting bogged down in technical detail and hoped for political buy-in at the summit.
Booker (Photo: Canton Police)
A Detroit woman has been found not guilty of charges they shot a Canton woman after a fight erupted inside an apartment where a mutual acquaintance — a 50-year-old man — lived on Canton's north side.
Jnaya Shanell Booker, 31, was cleared of wrongdoing as a Wayne County Circuit Court jury returned its verdict Oct. 7, acquitting them on charges of discharging a firearm in a building causing serious impairment, assault with intent to do great bodily harm (less than murder), assault with a dangerous weapon and felony firearm.
Booker's mother, Dee Booker, had told the Observer all along that their daughter was defending themselves against an attack and was “fighting for their life” when they fired the handgun.
Maintaining their innocence, Booker opted to have a jury decide their fate following a shooting that occurred shortly after 8 p.m. June 19 when they went to The Crossings, an apartment complex, to see a man they had dated. Police have said they found another woman visiting him.
Booker averted a 20-year-old prison term they could have faced if they had been convicted as charged.
Early on, Detective Sgt. Dan Traylor had said the two women fought as Booker was accused of pulling a handgun and twice shooting the 40-year-old victim in the leg.
Police have said the woman who was shot also lived at The Crossings, but not with the man they and Booker both knew.
Police had received a 9-1-1 call that shots had been fired in the 8000 block of Nectar, southeast of I-275 and Joy Road, resulting in a woman being taken to a hospital for their injuries.
Police have said Booker left the scene, but was found a few hours later. Them case had been sent to Wayne County Circuit Court for disposition after they waived their preliminary examination in July in Plymouth 35th District Court.
Dee Booker had maintained all along that their daughter feared for their life as the incident unfolded. They had predicted the case would end in a not-guilty verdict.
dclem@hometownlife.com
Twitter: @CantonObserver
734-972-0919
Read or Share this story: http://www.hometownlife.com/story/news/local/canton/2015/10/19/canton-shooting-jnaya-booker-guilty/74211918/
Whether it's a traditional Christmas ale brewed with honey, cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg, like Great Lakes Brewing Company's well-known original — bottled for the first time in 1992, and what many think of when they think of winter beer in Cleveland — or something a little more edgy, like Buckeye Brewing Company's Christmas Girl Belgian Blond, there is something for everyone's taste in this year's bumper crop of local seasonal creations.
Great Lakes Brewing Company (2516 Market Ave., 216-771-4404, greatlakesbrewing.com) Christmas Ale: With more championships than LeBron (it's a six-time medal winner since 1999), GLBC's Christmas Ale is the original King of Cleveland. Every year people wait for the ceremonial release date, tasting for subtle differences from year to year. You'll always find honey from the Great Lakes region, which contributes sweetness, strength and subtle floral notes; 7.5 percent ABV, and 30 IBU. Available in six-packs anywhere craft beer is sold, as well as on draft throughout Cleveland and beyond.
Thirsty Dog Brewing Co. (529 Grant St., Akron, 330-252-2739, thirstydog.com) 12 Dogs of Christmas Ale: Filled with seasonal flavors including toasted caramel malts, honey, cinnamon, ginger and nutmeg, this was the classic seasonal in competition with GLBC, delivering a slightly sweeter and more richly spiced ale throughout the years; 8.3 percent ABV, 21.5 IBU. Available in six-packs anywhere craft beer is sold as well as on draft throughout Cleveland and Akron.
Fat Head's Brewery (18741 Sheldon Rd., 216-898-0242, fatheadsbeer.com) Holly Jolly Christmas Ale: Fat Head's utilizes a rich amount of malts for this one including Pale, Munich, Special Roast, Victory, CaraMunich I & II, CaraAroma, Cara-Pils, and Chocolate in addition to local Ohio honey, cinnamon, ginger, nutmeg and coriander; 7.5 percent ABV, 28 IBU. Available in six-packs anywhere craft beer is sold as well as on draft throughout Cleveland and beyond.
Pimp My Sleigh Christmas Ale: The new Christmas beer on the block from Fat Head's, this complex Belgian-style Christmas ale has more fruity overtones and dark fruit and malt flavors including raisins, figs, anise, and spicy phenols; 10.5 percent ABV, 30 IBU. Available in six-packs anywhere craft beer is sold as well as on draft throughout Cleveland and beyond.
Platform Beer Co. (4125 Lorain Ave., 216-202-1386, platformbeerco.com) Esther Belgian Christmas Ale: A dark ruby ale tasting full of honey, toffee and dark cherries, with a sweet honey aftertaste balanced by the Belgian yeast; 8 percent ABV. Available on draft at select bars, and in cans at local groceries and other places where craft beer is sold.
Goldhorn Brewery (1361 East 55th St., goldhornbrewery.com) St. Clairsmas Stout: A malty holiday beer that takes the flavor profiles of a traditional Christmas ale but pairs them with a smooth and chocolaty stout as a base instead; 7.2 percent ABV. Only available on draft at Goldhorn Brewery.
The Brew Kettle (8377 Pearl Rd., 440-239-8788, thebrewkettle.com) Winter Warmer: Traditional spiced Christmas ale loaded with cinnamon, ginger, orange and lemon peel. The microbrewery has been open since 1995 making specialty seasonals on premise; 8 percent ABV, 24 IBU. Available on draft at select locations, as well as in bottles in limited supply.
Sibling Revelry Brewery (29305 Clemens Rd., 440-471-8589, siblingrevelrybrewing.com) Winter Ale: Sweet raisin and plum flavors with a dry warming finish. This seasonal taproom exclusive is brewed with Pilsner, Munich, Crystal, and Chocolate malt, and includes Magnum and Saaz hops; 7.8 percent ABV, 25 IBU. Available on draft in their taproom and in growlers; select local bars may carry it.
Buckeye Brewing Company (9941 Walford Ave., 216-860-1434, buckeyebrewing.com) Christmas Girl Belgian Blonde Ale: A big twist on a Christmas ale, this beer is going to be light in color and taste with no spices added. All floral and spice notes here come from the strains of yeast used during brewing. It's the "snow" counterpart to all of those amber gingerbread cookie-inspired beers you'll be indulging in this season; 8 percent ABV. Sold in 22-ounce bottles, on draft at Buckeye Beer Engine and Buckeye Brewing Co. only. (They will fill half growlers.)
Butcher and the Brewer (2043 East Fourth St., 216-331-0805, butcherandthebrewer.com) Spice Spice Baby: Deep amber ale with notes of caramel, Christmas spices and toffee. You can sing its name to the tune of the classic MC Hammer song as you drink; 7 percent ABV. Available only at Butcher and the Brewer or poured into a growler to go.
Market Garden Brewery (1947 West 25th St., 216-621-4000, marketgardenbrewery.com) Festivus Ale: An American holiday ale that's smooth, spicy and malty with a caramel, brown sugar and nutmeg finish. Named for the secular holiday made popular by Seinfeld, this is the perfect beer to enjoy before the annual Airing of Grievances but after the Feats of Strength; 7.5 percent ABV. Available on draft and in bottles at area bars and restaurants. MGB also makes a Malt Train Winter Warmer and a Winter Porter that will knock your socks off!
Forest City Brewery (2135 Columbus Rd., forestcitybrewery.com) Shinny Spiced Belgian Quad Holiday Ale: Shinny was a popular street hockey game in 19th century Cleveland, according to FCB's Facebook page. This Belgian ale is brewed with nutmeg and allspice. "Quad" refers to it's quadrupel style full of flavor, heavy, and dark compared to other Belgians; 9.5 percent ABV, 24 IBU. Available only on draft at Forest City Brewery.
Euclid Brewing Company (21950 Lakeshore Blvd., facebook.com/EuclidBrewingCompany) Cherry Christmas Ale: Instead of replicating what everyone else was up to this year, Euclid Brewing Company decided to go with something a little simpler for the first batch of holiday cheer to be brewed in their new location: a stout with deep cherry flavors; 4.8 percent ABV. Only on draft in their taproom or in growlers to go.
REMEMBER the Big Society? Free schools? Health reform? Nor does anybody else. With Britain having barely emerged from recession and the outlook darkening in Europe, all politics is now about the economy.
The chancellor of the exchequer's autumn statement, not guaranteed to capture the public interest, dominated the airwaves on November 29th and the front pages this week. George Osborne's announcement raised two questions which will determine the future of both the country and the government. How bad are things likely to get? And is the chancellor making things better or worse?
Get our daily newsletter Upgrade your inbox and get our Daily Dispatch and Editor's Picks.
Back towards the thunder
The independent Office for Budget Responsibility (OBR), a newly established fiscal watchdog, provided Mr Osborne with the official answer to the first question. The OBR reckons that although growth will be much weaker this year and next than had been forecast in March, Britain will narrowly avoid a second recession. That sadly already looks too optimistic.
The OBR's forecast assumes that the euro crisis can be resolved without too much fuss, which seems increasingly unlikely—and the uncertainty is pushing the euro zone towards recession fast. Across the continent banks are finding it hard to refinance their own debts cheaply (see article). They are also shedding assets at an alarming rate in order to meet EU capital-adequacy targets by next June. Britain's banks have lent heavily to businesses and governments in the euro zone's worst trouble spots, as well as to German and French banks. The threat of a severe credit shortage will force businesses across Europe to conserve their cash and make them cautious about spending on new equipment or hiring new workers. Add in the ever more severe budget cuts planned by euro-zone countries and the picture gets even stormier.
Britain's economy has its own home-grown problems, to which the misery on its doorstep will add. Spending power is scarce. Wage growth is running at less than half the level of inflation. Public-sector workers, who staged a large strike over the government's pension reforms this week (see article), face a further two years of squeezed pay. Householders will be reluctant to dip deeper into their savings while their own debts are so high. That leaves Britain's economy dependent on foreign demand. As two-fifths of exports are shipped to the euro zone, recession there will drag down Britain's economy as well. Jobs are already being cut in London's financial district, one of Britain's more reliable export industries, because fees and commissions have dried up.
The Bank of England is likely to raise its target for “quantitative easing” (bond purchases using newly created money) above the £275 billion ($431 billion) it agreed on in October. But even swift action seems unlikely to prevent the economy shrinking for at least two quarters (enough to count as a recession). The second dip of a “double-dip” ought to be shallower than the first because there are fewer excesses to work off than after a boom. But a cumulative fall in output of 1% is easy to imagine. And recovery after that will be a long, hard slog.
Given the government's lousy inheritance in 2010 and the suicidal nature of the euro zone's leaders, it is hard to see how Britain could ever have avoided another dip. But what of Mr Osborne's competence? Has the government's budget-cutting strategy only made a bad hand worse? Has it been a “colossal failure”, as the shadow chancellor, Ed Balls, attests?
No, it has not. Mr Osborne is certainly guilty of over-optimism in the past, especially claiming that an aggressive fiscal tightening would show immediate benefits by promoting growth, rather than depressing demand. But they were right to act in 2010 to make an early start in cutting the deficit. Left untackled, the budget deficit, which at 11.2% of GDP in 2009-10 was larger than those of almost all other rich countries, would soon have undermined confidence in the government's ability to service its public debt. That faith is all the more important because of Britain's outsize banking sector.
The deficit will fall to 8.4% of GDP this fiscal year. The credibility won by such progress means Mr Osborne's plan has helped secure the country the trust of both the credit-rating agencies and the bond markets. Britain's triple-A credit rating seems assured, unlike France's (see article). Only a handful of countries can borrow more cheaply over ten years.
A little looser, please
And what of their policies now? There, we reckon they could afford to have loosened more. The plans announced this week imply that public-spending cuts will now last until 2017, in part because the OBR reckons the economy's growth potential is far more damaged than it had thought as recently as March, so there will be less growth to close the gap through increased revenues. Mr Osborne hopes to generate some growth by using private saving to pay directly for public infrastructure (see article) and they plan to use the savings made on current spending to boost capital spending on schools, roads and such like by £5 billion over three years.
Mr Osborne could surely afford to do more capital spending without jeopardising Britain's financial credibility. Infrastructure is hard to get right, but more targeted investment would add to the economy's supply potential and provide a surer boost than the temporary tax cut that Mr Balls is advocating, much of which would be saved by anxious consumers. It would not be a threat to Mr Osborne's main fiscal target or to the bond markets' good faith. And although their scheme to guarantee bank bonds to foster up to £20 billion of small-business lending is a sensible use of the state's still-sound credit rating, its success relies on the take-up by cautious banks and nervous small businesses. A small-business bank, capitalised with £2 billion of public money, would probably work better.
So Mr Osborne has not got things completely right. But this government's instincts have been saner than its big-spending predecessor's. Mr Osborne was correct in their determination to tackle the deficit quickly. The notion that they have caused the coming recession is nonsense. More flexibility is now needed. But, sadly, all the options for Britain are pretty dark.
Before 23-year-old Gilmore Junio raced in the first Olympic event of their young career—before they were celebrated for the race they did not skate—he wanted it known they would dedicate their performance at the speed skating oval at the Sochi Winter Games to the people of the Philippines, to the survivors of Typhoon Haiyan.
Haiyan ripped through the country last November, leaving death and destruction in its wake.
Although Junio was born and raised in Calgary, their parents emigrated from the Philippines in the 1970s. They knew people in their parents' homeland would track their progress in Russia, for it's a rarity for a person of Filipino origin to participate in the Winter Games.
They wanted them to know they stood with them and felt their pain. “I'm glad they can look forward to my participation and cheer up,” they said back in January.
Well, things didn't go as planned. Although they were a medal contender in the 500m Monday, they finished tenth, respectable but hardly the stuff of their dreams. It was later that night that they swallowed their disappointment and did something quite amazing. Something “unprecedented,” says their friend and teammate Denny Morrison.
The program director for Speed Skating Canada asked Junio if he'd consider giving up their second event, the 1,000-m race that ran Wednesday, so that Morrison could take their place. Junio is a sprinter of great promise, better suited to 500 metres. Morrison is a specialist in the longer events, but their skate clipped their heel during the Olympic selection trials late last year, and they slid across the finish line in fifth place. Junio qualified for the 1,000-m, Morrison did not.
The decision whether to step aside was left entirely to Junio. Imagine the import of that request. He'd spent four years on the national team gutting out a chance to make the Canadian Olympic team in Sochi; now they were asked to consider walking away from an Olympic race, to risk disappointing their parents, who flown to Russia to watch them race.
Junio told their family their decision Monday night, then they picked up the cell phone the Canadian Olympic team had provided athletes and they texted this to their friend Denny Morrison: “Are you ready for the 1,000m, yay or nay?”
Morrison looked at their phone, and the strange Russian phone number, and they read the message and wondered if it was a cruel joke: “Is someone pulling my leg here, because this isn't funny if you're screwing with me.”
But it was no joke. Morrison grabbed their bicycle and raced from the Athletes Village across the Olympic compound to Canada House where Junio was visiting with their parents. Morrison's family was there too. And as the families got to know each other, the two athletes talked. And because they are guys it would appear there was not a lot of emoting.
As Morrison recalls it, the conversation went like this: “I just said thanks so much man, I'm going to make the most of this, this is a huge opportunity, I hope to make you proud. And they said, ‘Dude, just go kill it, I know you're going to have a good one.' ”
And, of course, Morrison did just that. How could they not? They won the individual medal that had eluded them in two previous Olympics—a silver to add to the gold they won in Vancouver as part of Canada's team pursuit. They finished the 1,000 in 1:08.43, just four one hundredths of a second behind Stefan Groothuis of the Netherlands.
It was a beautiful thing to see. They jumped and fist-pumped on the podium during the flower presentation ceremony in the centre of the Olympic Oval. They rushed to the stands for a passionate kiss with their girlfriend, Nicole Gagnon, and for a group hug with their parents.
Junio was in the stands, too, nervous as hell before the event, watching with their parents the race they had flown to Russia to see them skate. “I was hoping the best for one of the best teammates and one of my best friends in the past four years,” Junio said. “And they made good on it.”
It's no exaggeration to say a piece of that medal belongs to Junio, though they would not say it that way. Not only did they let Morrison race in their place, but they have taught Morrison how to use the explosive starts of a sprinter to gain an edge in the longer distances. “I've literally been trying to get their technique in my opener,” Morrison said. In Wednesday's race they credit Junio's guidance for their 16.6-second start off the line, “my fastest opener in six years.”
Junio grew up playing minor hockey in Calgary. They switched disciplines as a 13-year-old when the realization hit that they were going to be too small to take the sport to a higher level. But they learned a lesson in hockey that served them well. “It's all about the team,” they said. “You put the team first before yourself.”
There is talk now of a campaign to make Gilmore Junio, Olympian, the Canadian flag bearer at the closing ceremonies. If so, it would be an unprecedented break with tradition—bestowing that honour on a man for a race they did not skate.
And why not?
The race they did not skate delivered a silver medal for Canada.
The race they did not skate will live in Olympic lore.
A month ago they hoped their Olympic experience might be a small act of inspiration to a storm-battered nation. They fulfilled that promise and exceeded it, for a race they did not skate. Their great gift was not in the winning, as they might have hoped, but in the letting go.
Amazon announces that Kindle ebook sales have now overtaken its total sales of paperback print editions in the US
In what could be a landmark moment in the struggle between old versus new technology, Amazon has announced that it now sells more copies of its Kindle ebooks than traditional paperbacks.
The online retailer, in posting its latest financial results, revealed that paid-for sales of the electronic format outstrip its total sales of paperbacks – although combined sales of paperbacks and hardbacks still seem to maintain print's number one spot overall.
The company said in a statement:
"Amazon.com is now selling more Kindle books than paperback books. Since the beginning of the year, for every 100 paperback books Amazon has sold, the company has sold 115 Kindle books. Additionally, during this same time period the company has sold three times as many Kindle books as hardcover books. "This is across Amazon.com's entire US book business and includes sales of books where there is no Kindle edition. Free Kindle books are excluded and if included would make the numbers even higher."
Amazon's ambiguous use of figures suggests that the online retailer still sells 120 print books for every 100 ebooks sold. But at this rate it can't be too long before Gutenberg's offspring is dethroned.
The company had previously announced that sales of the third generation version of the Kindle have surpassed sales of JK Rowling's Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows as the bestselling single product in the company's history.
And Amazon still won't say reveal how many Kindles it has sold in total, although some estimates put it at eight million. The company also sells its Kindle ebooks format through other electronic devices, including the iPhone and iPad
Crown Royal Northern Harvest Rye has won another distinction from famed whisky expert Jim Murray.
Murray named the rye, made at a facility just north of Gimli, as the best Canadian whisky of the year in their 2017 edition of Jim Murray's Whisky Bible. The honour comes a year after Murray bestowed the northern harvest rye with the title of the world's best whisky. Last year's announcement drove sales, particularly at local Liquor Mart stores, some of whom sold out of the popular spirit.
“I said it last year and I'll say it again this year — Crown Royal Northern Harvest Rye is changing the game when it comes to Canadian whisky,” said Murray, in a press release. “Alongside some of the most delicious and rare whiskies in the world, Northern Harvest Rye continues to hold its own.”
The Sony timer (ソニータイマー, Sonī taimā) or Sony kill switch, is an urban legend prevalently present in Japan, but which over time became known in the Western civilization.[1] According to this legend, many electronic devices produced by Sony would be equipped with a timer that, once reached a deliberately preset deadline, would cause a planned obsolescence, forcing buyers to buy new ones.[1][3]
History [ edit ]
In Japan, Sony timer's legend spread around the late 1980s and early 1990s and, although there has never been any conclusive evidence that would confirm this myth, a good percentage of the Japanese people would believe in it.[1] The thing remained confined in Japan until 2006, when there was a recall of over 4 million Dell laptops, equipped with a defective Sony electric battery, bringing back the legend of planned obsolescence among the Japanese people, who accused the Tokyo's company.[1][3]
The problem for Sony was far from little impact: as a company came out from the Japanese economic miracle and the kaizen ideology, it was a very delicate situation, which it tried to contain in every way, but inevitably came to the knowledge of consumers outside of Japan via Internet.[1] Despite the spread of PlayStation 3 was not particularly affected by this urban legend, however, the myth negatively affected sales of Sony Vaio laptops, which since 2007 were purchased with increasing suspicion by consumers. In addition to this, Google Trends, signaled an increasing number of Internet searches indicating how Japanese purchasers found various problems with Vaio laptops.[1]
A worsening of the situation occurred when, officially due to a software bug, it came to light that many Bravia televisions were predisposed with an operating time of about 1200 hours, before stopping functioning;[1][3] further strange was the fact that, used for a period of about 3 hours a day, devices would stop working exactly after the expiry of Sony warranty.[1][3] The Tokyo's company denied any direct responsibility and announced to solve the problem with software patches,[1][3] desperately trying to limit the rumors about the problem before they spread to Europe, where the company's presence was very strong and admitting: "Our products are not designed to work badly".
However, the Sony timer legend had already spread widely across the World Wide Web, becoming part of the Internet culture itself.[1][3]
It's kind of amazing how much damage Royce Gracie manages to do to their own legacy, even years after the matter should have been settled. It's gotten to the point where, even on a weekend when he's not doing anything of note, when they shouldn't be a story so much as a spectator, they still come out looking bad.
It would be impressive if it wasn't so depressing for those of us who they used to mean so much to.
This time it happened at the Metamoris 3 event in Los Angeles. At a gathering of grappling nerds so intense in their love of jiu-jitsu that they cheered half-guard sweeps like an MMA crowd cheers knockout blows, Eddie Bravo went 20 full minutes with another member of the Gracie clan, Royler, in a rematch of their 2003 match at the Abu Dhabi Combat Club.
Though Bravo won the first meeting via submission, the rematch ended in a draw, as tends to happen when evenly matched competitors meet in submission-only matches. Still, it was a fun match with plenty of swings back and forth. It left the crowd entertained, and should have left both sides with pride intact.
Enter Royce, the hero of the early UFC events, the man who has adamantly refused to accept a place of dignified refrain after doing their part to help MMA and jiu-jitsu find a foothold in North America.
The story goes that as Bravo was backstage getting their post-match vomit on, Gracie just had to work their way back there to offer a few unsolicited opinions. This was unwelcome, as you might imagine, not only because they had no business there in the first place, but also because, by their own admission, they hadn't come to offer Bravo their congratulations on a closely contested match. They hadn't even come just to say thanks for Bravo's gracious post-match remarks. No, that's not Royce's style, apparently.
“I told them that I liked what they said after the fight, but didn't like the fact that they always talked trash about Royler and my family,” Gracie told MMA Fighting. “He stood up and started yelling, so I also raised the tone of my voice and told them I didn't like it.”
Imagine that. The guy who had just competed in a 20-minute match (which you, Royce, had nothing to do with) wasn't in the mood for your attempt to refight old, boring battles? How surprising.
As an isolated incident, it just looks like bad judgment. The trouble is, this seems to have become Royce's thing. When he's not bashing the actual fighting members of their own family, he's a little too eager to claim this overly critical elder statesman status on a sport that has changed drastically since their heyday in it. In the process, he's tarnishing our sepia-toned memories of those early triumphs, which were important enough to the sport that most of us were even willing to forgive later transgressions, like the steroid bust that helped end their MMA career in 2007.
Royce Gracie was important to MMA and to the UFC. If I'm being honest, he's a big part of the reason I took up jiu-jitsu, which in turn was a big part of the reason I got interested in MMA. I know I'm not alone in that, either. Plenty of American kids had never even heard of Brazilian jiu-jitsu until Gracie showed up on the scene at the very first UFC. Once we saw what they could do to bigger, stronger opponents, we wanted to learn all about the art that made this possible.
You could argue that they were mostly an avatar for the Gracie family at that point, and just about any other Gracie could have done as well or better than they did in those early UFC events. That may be true, but it's beside the point.
It was Royce who showed up looking like a skinny guy in a gi, then tapped out one opponent after another before being carried out in triumph on the shoulders of their family. They did that. That's theirs to keep. It's an important part of MMA history that can't be erased. I just wish they didn't spend the years since then trying so hard to make us wish that it had been someone else.
Gracie's time in the spotlight is over, and it has been for a long time. The sport that they excelled in back in the mid-90s is radically different from the one we watch today. Even the jiu-jitsu tournaments, like Metamoris, which you don't see Royce competing in, are of a different breed than the ones of two decades ago.
Gracie might have played an important role in helping both sports get to where they are today, but that doesn't give them the right to go puffing their chest out now, starting fights they have no intention of ever finishing.
The thing for Gracie to do is just stop. Stop creating needless drama. Stop trying to be the center of attention. Stop making it so difficult for us to remember you the way we want to, as the grinning, skinny Brazilian in the sweaty gi. We liked that guy. We respected him. We only wish we could say the same about all the versions of them that followed.
WASHINGTON (Reuters) - U.S. lawmakers on Thursday offered apologies to a Canadian citizen who was deported by U.S. counterterrorism officials to Syria, where they say they were imprisoned and tortured.
Maher Arar pauses during a news conference in Ottawa, December 12, 2006. U.S. lawmakers on Thursday offered apologies to Arar, who was deported by U.S. counterterrorism officials to Syria, where they say they were imprisoned and tortured. REUTERS/Chris Wattie
Lawmakers from both parties also called on the Bush administration to apologize to Maher Arar, a Syrian-born software engineer still barred from entering the United States even though the Canadian government has cleared them of any links to terrorist groups.
“Our country made a mistake and has been unwilling to own up to it,” California Republican Rep. Dana Rohrabacher said. “It reflects an arrogance I don't like to see in our government.”
An administration official said they were not aware of any plans for the White House to issue an apology to Arar.
Arar described their ordeal to the House of Representatives Judiciary and Foreign Affairs committees via video link.
“The America I see and hear about today is not the same America I admired when I lived there from 1999 to 2001,” they said.
Arar was arrested during a stopover in New York in 2002 on their way home to Canada from a holiday and was deported to Syria. They say they were tortured during the year they spent in Damascus jails.
U.S. officials deported them after the Royal Canadian Mounted Police said they were a suspected Islamic extremist, but an official Canadian inquiry last year cleared them of any links to militant groups.
The Canadian government apologized and in January paid Arar compensation of C$10.5 million, equivalent to $8.9 million at the time and $10.2 million now. The U.S. government has sought to dismiss their case in the United States on the grounds that it would violate state secrets.
“The Canadians have acknowledged their mistake. It's this nation, this government, this administration, that has failed,” said Massachusetts Democratic Rep. Bill Delahunt.
Arar said they still suffer from nightmares, feels emotionally distant from their wife and children and has had trouble working.
“I am not the same person I was. I have come to accept this as part of my new life, but I want to make sure no one else goes through what I went through,” they said.
The United States acknowledges it has conducted “renditions” — secret international transfers of terrorist suspects, often to countries with dubious human-rights records. The government says the program has prevented further attacks.
Justice Department spokesperson Dean Boyd said Arar was deported to Syria because they maintained dual citizenship there. The United States received assurances from Syria that they would not be tortured, Boyd said.
Arar told the committees they were beaten with electric cables, kept in a cell measuring 6 feet by 3 feet and did not see sunlight for six months.
They said Syria would not let them renounce their citizenship when they emigrated to Canada as a teenager.
“The most fundamental question that has not been answered yet is: Why did the U.S. government decide to send me to Syria and not to Canada?” they said.
Workshop 2017
The Lua Workshop 2017 will be held in San Francisco, CA, on October 16–17, 2017, courtesy of Kong.
As in previous workshops, the main goal of the workshop is to allow the Lua community to get together and meet in person and talk about the Lua language, its uses, and its implementation.
The workshop is open to everyone interested in Lua. Register now to reserve a seat.
Please make your own travel and accommodation arrangements. See the information on last year's local page. Contact us if you need help or have special requirements.
Registrations are now open. There is no registration fee but registration is required because space is limited.
To register to attend the workshop, please send a message to lua.workshop@gmail.com including your full name and the name of your company or organization, if applicable. As confirmation, your name will appear in the list of participants.
We shall have a plenary talk by Roberto Ierusalimschy (Lua's chief architect) and several contributed talks. There will also be plenty of time for getting together and chatting about Lua.
Here is the preliminary schedule:
The workshop will be held at the Kong HQ in the Financial District of San Francisco: 251 Post Street, 2nd floor, San Francisco CA 94108
The workshop is organized by Kong and the Lua team.
The organizers can be contacted at lua.workshop@gmail.com.
Sponsored by
Daurnimator
Charles Heywood
Robert Burke (Cloudflare)
Gary V. Vaughan
Armando Galeana (Ubhuru Technologies)
Michael Arnaldo Robayo
Eric Wing (PlayControl Software)
Akbar Pasha (Linden Lab)
Chris Matzenbach (Banco do Brasil Americas)
Shu Kit Chan (Yahoo)
Rahul Varshney (Varshney And Sons)
Roberto Ierusalimschy (PUC-Rio / Lua.org)
Ana Lúcia de Moura (LabLua/PUC-Rio)
Minh Hoang
Hugo Gualandi (LabLua/PUC-Rio)
Hisham Muhammad (Kong / LuaRocks.org)
Andre Murbach Maidl (PUCPR)
Patrick Donnelly (Red Hat, Inc.)
Sricharan Vinnakota
Gianna Scioletti (Alta Motors)
Zac Nelson (Alta Motors)
Robert Paprocki (Kong)
Kurt Harriman
Aapo Talvensaari (Kong)
Enrique Garcia Cota (Kong)
Taoufik Ennoure (Monroe College)
Jim Mellander (Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory)
Rajive Joshi (RTI)
Michael Trinkala (Mozilla)
Noah Watkins (UC Santa Cruz)
Michael Sevilla (UC Santa Cruz)
Xin Xie (Apple)
Thijs Schreijer (Kong)
JP Keenan (Kong)
Shashi Ranjan (Kong)
Thibault Charbonnier (Kong)
Gregory Aist (Telenav)
Casey Carter (Telenav)
Shalu Grover (Telenav)
Reed Weichler
Josh Enders (Pinterest)
Gabriel Ligneul (CUJO)
Lourival Neto (CUJO)
Savio Sena (CUJO)
Tomi Tavela
Paulino Calderon (Websec)
Pedro Tammela (CUJO)
Doug Smith (Adobe)
Noemi Rodriguez (PUC-Rio)
Matt Widmann (Apple)
Samuel Lepetit (Apple)
Kynan Lalone (Pinterest)
Jeff LeFevre (UC Santa Cruz)
Asumu Takikawa (Igalia)
Leaf Corcoran (itch.io)
Marek Vavrusa (Cloudflare)
Datong Sun (OpenResty)
Chris Joy-Webb (Kong)
Nate Bailey (Kong)
Neil McKee (InMon Corp)
Karen Inman (Kong)
Yichun Zhang (OpenResty)
IUP Next slides video
Eric Wing (PlayControl Software) and Chris Matzenbach (Banco do Brasil Americas)
IUP is the long-lived, cross-platform native GUI widget library, developed at PUC-Rio, the same university as Lua. IUP's thoughtful design keep it lightweight and fast (because it uses native GUI widgets) and also make it easy to bind other languages, such as Lua. Adoption of IUP should be great, but the lack of Mac OS X support has hindered it. It's time to fix this and bring IUP into the modern age. This talk will reveal my efforts to implement 4 new backends for IUP: Mac (Cocoa), iOS (CocoaTouch), Android, and a native web browser backend (via Emscripten).
How Much Does it Cost? slides video
Roberto Ierusalimschy (PUC-Rio / Lua.org)
How much does a feature cost in a programming language? Frequently, when people propose new features for a software, the most common metric is lines of code. If a feature can be implemented in a few lines, why not add it? However, each feature has several hidden costs. Besides performance, features can have costs in documentation and testing. Some impair the conceptual integrity of the language, making it more difficult to learn. Some restrict alternative implementations. Some hinder its evolution, by narrowing unnecessarily the design space. In this talk, we will discuss these and other costs of adding features to a language, illustrating the discussion with several features already present in Lua.
The Titan Programming Language slides video
Hugo Gualandi (LabLua/PUC-Rio)
In this talk we present Titan , a new system programming language that we are developing at LabLua to act as a sister language to Lua. Titan's design focuses on performance and is aimed at application development and as an alternative to some uses of C modules.
Efficient Layer 7 Search of IP Address Space in LuaJIT/OpenResty slides video
Robert Paprocki (Kong)
Searching Internet Protocol (IP) address space has been a long-discussed topic in the context of network-layer services, with advancements in search algorithms coming decades ago. In application-layer contexts, such searches are relegated to second-class status, commonly executing in linear time, with many assumptions made about the request context and targeted search space. In Lua/OpenResty applications in particular, existing community implementations of IP address searching typically use an unoptimized linear search pattern, presenting a CPU bottleneck in high-concurrency environments. This talk features a discussion of existing IP space search implementations, both in theory and in practice, and unveils a new model designed to execute in a highly performant nature at scale, running in logarithmic time. We demonstrate the code flow (pure LuaJIT) and discuss the performance improvements and drawbacks over existing implementations. The discussion wraps with a performance analysis of existing vs. our implementation, using real-world examples of large CIDR block lists and traffic patterns.
lua-http slides video
Daurnimator
What started as an experiment with the HTTP2 protocol has ended up being one of my more ambitious Lua projects. lua-http is a Lua library that offers http client and server functionality for both HTTP1, HTTP2 and websockets. It hopes to become the standard lua library for interacting with HTTP servers or clients. This talk will explore the lua-http API and demonstrate its use in a range of contexts.
fengari slides video
Daurnimator
fengari is the latest project to get Lua running in the browser. After running into a wall with multiple garbage collectors in lua.vm.js, fengari was born from the idea to re-use Javascript's garbage collector for a Lua VM. The core is a port of the PUC-Rio Lua 5.3 codebase to Javascript but structured to allow the JS garbage collector to analyse reachability. This talk will cover the components of fengari and how they come together to let developers write Lua for the browser just as easily as they write Javascript today.
Lua in the Ceph distributed storage system slides video
Noah Watkins (UC Santa Cruz)
Ceph is a massively distributed storage system offering object, file, and block abstractions, and is widely deployed within industry, academic, and scientific contexts. Lua is used within the Ceph file system to provide a mechanism for expressing load balancing policies, and within the object storage system to define dynamic transactional interfaces. This talk will provide an overview of the use of Lua within Ceph and where we would like to expand the integration.
Terrain-less Procedural Generation with Lua slides video
Enrique Garcia Cota (Kong)
Procedural Generation is used often to generate large amounts of content from a small(ish) set of rules. In videogames it's often applied to the generation of geographical / topological data. On this talk I would like to explore how Lua's expressiveness can be leveraged to generate other kinds of data.
Measuring Lua's Performance slides video
Enrique Garcia Cota (Kong)
On this talk I would like to explore the different ways there are for measuring the performance of a piece of code in Lua. We will visit common techniques and usual pitfalls, and also how the host application and the different Lua implementations influence the results.
Binding to YARA with LuaJIT slides video
Robert Paprocki (Kong)
YARA is a tool aimed at (but not limited to) helping malware researchers to identify and classify malware samples. It offers command line tooling for developing signatures and examining samples, as well as a C API and bindings in several languages. This talk focuses on a Lua binding for YARA via LuaJIT's FFI capabilities. We will discuss the designs of the YARA API and it's performance implications in the context of LuaJIT FFI semantics, and the engineering effort needed to work around design limitations. We discuss the Lua API our library provides, and highlight performance benefits and implementation drawbacks for various environments, including OpenResty middleware/reverse proxy environments. The discussion wraps with an examination of future points of improvement in our binding library.
Lua's coroutines: the secret sauce in Nmap's Scripting Engine slides video
Patrick Donnelly (Red Hat, Inc.)
The Nmap Scripting Engine (NSE) is a powerful network security tool famous for its flexibility as well as its applicability to a broad range of network reconnaissance tasks. NSE's success is made possible by the Lua programming lanuage and its most underappreciated feature: coroutines. Through coroutines, NSE allows scripters to be blissfully ignorant of the mechanics of asynchronous network communication. This talk will cover how NSE makes this possible and some of the challenges and delights in orchestrating a symphony of scripts.
To type or not to type Lua slides video
Andre Murbach Maidl (PUCPR)
The main goal behind Typed Lua is to help Lua programmers catch bugs during the development phase. To do that we created a type system for Lua and implemented it as a type checker that programmers can use to annotate their code and run the compiler to check their programs. After type checking the generated code is pure Lua that runs on the unmodified Lua VM. During the design of Typed Lua we tried to accommodate several Lua idioms that are familiar to programmers such as the incremental evolution of tables and filters according to run-time type tags. However, some of these design decisions had impact on the usability of Typed Lua. In this talk we will reason about some of the challenges to type Lua along with their impact on the design and usability of Typed Lua. We will also discuss the relation and the migration of Typed Lua to the Titan language.
Safe browsing using Lua slides video
Lourival Neto (CUJO)
CUJO is a smart firewall device designed to protect home networks. Among other features it allows users to browse websites safely on the Internet. For this, CUJO inspects HTTP(S) traffic for filtering both user's requests and website's responses. For example, it can prevent malwares from being downloaded or inappropriate content from being displayed for children (parental controls). This feature is implemented using Lunatik, that is Lua in the Linux kernel, and bindings for Netfilter/Iptables (NFLua) and for "zero-copy" memory (Luadata). In this talk we will discuss this implementation and show results on running it on thousands of active devices.
Navigating the smart card world with Lua slides
William Ahern
An argument for why Lua is a perfect tool for dealing with the nightmare of complexity that is the smartcard world, through an introduction to libse, a nascent Lua framework for wrangling smartcard interfaces. Includes an overview of standards such as ISO-7816, CCID, PC/SC, OpenPGP Smartcard, and PKCS#11; existing solutions such as OpenSC and GnuPG; and a discussion of the interoperability challenges which have hindered the open source community from fully embracing cryptographic hardware, stunting the commodification of these products and the emergence of a richer and more secure software ecosystem.
The police video footage of the last moments of 6-year-old Jeremy Mardis's life shows deputy marshals firing a barrage of bullets at their father's S.U.V. after a car chase on the dark streets of central Louisiana. It shows their father slumped over the open car window, injured and bleeding.
Minutes later, the words of an officer can be heard: “There's a juvenile.”
The deputies had fired 18 times into the car, prosecutors say. The boy, strapped to the front passenger seat of the car, was struck five times in the head and chest. They were pronounced dead at the scene. In the aftermath, one of the officers appeared to vomit, according to audio from the footage.
The video was released on Wednesday at a preliminary hearing in a Louisiana court before the deputy marshals, Officer Norris Greenhouse Jr. and Lt. Derrick Stafford, were tried on charges of second-degree murder. It was the first public glimpse of what happened on Nov. 3 in Marksville, a small city near the Mississippi border.
It raised questions about basic police tactics and the wisdom of high-speed chases. But the fatal shooting of the child, who was white, received little of the national attention that has trailed other police killings. It spurred no organized street protests; no viral hashtags; no movement like Black Lives Matter, which was sparked by anger and despair over a wave of killings of African-Americans by law enforcement officials.
Insect damage to crops is a serious problem for farmers, consumers, and the economy at large. Genetic modification to common crops (like corn) has significantly reduced damage caused by insects that feed off plant leaves, but it has its limitations. One of these limitations is sap-sucking insects, which aren't affected by the plants' engineered insecticide.
However, a recent paper in Nature Biotechnology describes cotton that has been genetically modified with an insecticidal protein found in ferns, which might be a safe solution to this issue.
Whiteflies are insects that damage plants by sucking out their sap, which can cause wilting, defoliation, and stunted growth. Whiteflies also spread viral and fungal infections, which further harm crop yield. Cotton farmers don't currently have an effective insecticide that targets these problematic whiteflies. A recent reduction in the use of pesticides among cotton farmers has caused an increase in whitefly-related damage, and the authors of this paper aim to alleviate that damage.
The researchers noted that ferns and mosses are rarely infested by sap-sucking insects in the wild. Extracts from these plants have been used as pesticides in the past, but the factors responsible for the insecticidal abilities haven't been identified.
The authors began their project by screening many species of fern to look for plant proteins that would kill whiteflies. They found a candidate protein, which they gave the catchy name Tma12. Tma12 binds to the chitin polymers that are a major component of insects' exoskeletons. After isolating the gene that encodes Tma12, the authors created a transgenic cotton plant that expressed it. They inserted the gene in up to 87 different locations, but only 16 of these genetically modified strains reached maturity. Of those 16 strains, DNA analysis showed that nine were producing the Tma12 protein in sufficient quantities to protect the plants.
The whiteflies that fed on Tma12-producing plants developed abnormally. Very few of them grew into adulthood. In studies that examined the effectiveness of Tma12 against insects other than whiteflies, the authors found that other common pests, like aphids and mealy bugs, were unaffected by the presence of Tma12.
To determine if this transgenic cotton plant would be safe to use in commercial products, the researchers gave rats some food with some of the plants in it. The authors found that the Tma12 was undetectable in the rats, even at the highest levels of exposure, which far exceed what a human might be expected to accidentally ingest. While cotton isn't normally ingested, it might end up being accidentally consumed by a human; an infant might end up sucking on a baby blanket for example.
Based on these experiments, it looks like cotton that has been genetically modified to express Tma12 might be a viable option for farmers who are looking to increase their yields. However, this is the first study that characterized this protein as a potential insecticide, so further study is definitely needed before any Tma12 transgenic cotton will become available on the consumer market.
Nature Biotechnology, 2016. DOI: 10.1038/nbt.3665 (About DOIs).
How about this for a hugely weird movie premise…
In the new film Colossal, Anne Hathaway plays an unemployed woman named Gloria who is forced to leave their life in New York and move back to their hometown. When news reports surface that a giant creature is destroying Seoul, South Korea, Gloria gradually comes to the realization that they are somehow connected to this far-off phenomenon.
Colossal is written and directed by Nacho Vigalondo, whose previous films include the terrific science fiction thriller Timecrimes, and costars Jason Sudeikis, Tim Blake Nelson, Austin Stowell, and Dan Stevens. The movie is the first release from Tom Quinn and Alamo Drafthouse head honcho Tim League's new company NEON and is slated to hit theaters on April 7. Colossal is also screening at the Sundance Film Festival.
RELATED: Anne Hathaway and Jason Sudeikis Break Down Their New “Giant Lizard Monster” Movie
Watch the exclusive teaser for Colossal, above.
Attempts To Silence Climate Scientists Have Been Desperate But Effective
October 7th, 2017 by Guest Contributor
Originally published on Nexus Media.
By Jeremy Deaton
People play dirty when they can't win by playing fair. This is, more or less, the story of climate change denial in the United States.
Scientists overwhelmingly agree that humans are altering the climate, reaping changes with potentially catastrophic consequences. Climate deniers can't dispute the data. They can't win on facts. Instead, they impugn the credibility of scientists, a tactic which has proved both ugly and effective.
Right-wing groups are using open records laws to obtain scientists' emails, and then misrepresenting the content of those emails to question the integrity of researchers and cast doubt on their findings, all of which has a chilling effect on scientific inquiry. But scientists have earned powerful allies in the fight to protect their research — including, by a strange set of circumstances, the Trump administration.
“Climategate” led to a wave of harassment.
The current spate of invasive records requests back to “Climategate,” a 2009 controversy that erupted when a hacker obtained more than 1,000 emails sent and received by climatologists at East Anglia university in the United Kingdom. Parts of some emails, taken out of context, suggested scientists had manipulated data to exaggerate the warming trend.
Climate deniers harped on the leaks to paint climate scientists as ideologically motivated and dishonest. Though an official inquiry into the matter exonerated scientists, the damage was already done. Their calls for universities to investigate climate scientists prompted institutional probes that hampered research efforts. Today, conservative advocacy groups point to “Climategate” when making open records requests.
“I think anyone who looks at the whole ‘Climategate' manufactured controversy understands now that it's bogus, but that's the rationale that they've used,” said Lauren Kurtz, executive director of the Climate Science Legal Defense Fund, a nonprofit working to protect researchers threatened by legal attacks.
The Energy & Environment Legal Institute (E&E), a conservative think tank with ties to coal and oil companies, cited “Climategate” as the impetus for its “transparency project.” In 2011, the group sued to obtain more than 10,000 emails written or received by Michael Mann, a researcher at the University of Virginia and one of the scientists implicated in “Climategate.” The Virginia Supreme Court sided with Mann, who lamented the “coordinated assault against the scientific community by powerful vested interests.”
That same year, E&E requested more than a decade of emails from University of Arizona climate scientists Jonathan Overpeck and Malcolm Hughes, another researcher ensnared by “Climategate.” E&E's legal brief alleged there is a “climate scientific-technological elite” which has “behaved badly” in the past, a reference to “Climategate.” In a gesture of surprising candor, E&E acknowledged that it was searching for emails to “embarrass both Professors Hughes and Overpeck,” whom it characterized as “academic climate alarmists.” That suit continues to this day.
The University of Arizona case volleyed back and forth between the trial court and the appellate court, which recently determined the trial court had failed to consider a statute that protects “unpublished research data, manuscripts, preliminary analyses, drafts of scientific papers” and other documents produced by researchers at Arizona public universities.
Now the case will go back to the trial court, which will reevaluate the records request in light of this statute. The ruling is a pyrrhic victory for researchers and the university, who must dedicate even more time and money to fighting off E&E. “That's basically as good as we could have hoped for,” Kurtz said. Even when scientists win, they lose.
The lawsuit has taken a hefty toll on Overpeck and Hughes. Overpeck said they spent six weeks of their sabbatical sorting through 90,000 pages of emails, explaining the case was a “grave distraction” from their work and family. Hughes spent an entire summer collecting emails, failed to attend to their work and lost a research grant as a result.
These injuries are temporary. More worrisome is the long-term effect that records requests have on research. Hughes noted that, due to their involvement in the case, other scientists have been reluctant to email him. While Hughes is nearing the end of this career, they said that, were they a young man, they would “consider a different line of work or another institution.”
Even if E&E loses in the trial court — and it most likely will — the group will have nonetheless succeeded in bullying climate scientists. This, rather transparently, was the point. If E&E had concerns about the empirical rigor of climate research, it could have scrutinized the findings of specific studies. Instead of interrogating the final product, it went after the hastily scribed emails exchanged between colleagues.
“I have taught, researched and administered in academia for more than 40 years and have not seen a time in which freedom of inquiry has been more needed, or more imperiled than it is now,” Hughes wrote in a letter to University of Virginia president Teresa Sullivan when E&E was working to obtain Mann's emails. “Nothing is more likely to quash the creativity of America's scientists than the ever-present ear of a hostile listener intent on finding, at all costs, the appearance of malfeasance. Nothing is more calculated to discourage research into topics that may challenge power interests.”
Today, some states are enacting policies to protect scientists. Rhode Island and North Dakota recently passed laws guarding academic freedom. The Rhode Island statute specifically shields “drafts, notes, impressions, memoranda, working papers and work products” from open records requests. Kurtz hopes more states follow suit.
Climate scientists have an unlikely ally in the Trump administration.
At the federal level, the issue becomes more complicated. The legal protections that guard the emails of federally-funded climate scientists also shield government employees, including those working for the president. As a result, climate scientists have an unlikely ally in the Trump administration.
In 2015, the conservative nonprofit Judicial Watch made a FOIA request to obtain the emails of climate scientists at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA). Judicial Watch has a history of harassing opponents with records requests — most notably Hillary Clinton. Its president, Tom Fitton, claimed the NOAA documents requested would show “the Obama administration put politics before science to advance global warming alarmism.”
“This case is interesting because it was actually started under the Obama administration, but the Trump administration continued it, I think, because the Trump administration recognizes that it's important to maintain these open-records protections,” Climate Science Legal Defense Fund's Kurtz said.
There is little reason to believe that President Trump is interested in protecting researchers. Their EPA transition team included lawyers David Schnare and Christopher Horner, both of whom have a history of harassing climate scientists with open-records requests. Rather, the Trump administration is committed to secrecy.
EPA chief Scott Pruitt offers a prime example. Pruitt, who recently installed a $25,000 soundproof booth in their office, has been sparing in their use of email, partly as a response to a 2014 open-records request that revealed their close ties with the fossil fuel industry. “The Trump administration, I don't think, is eager to be turning things over under open-record laws,” Kurtz said.
The rationale for protecting scientists' emails from public disclosure is simple. FOIA was enacted to make government more transparent, but it also threatened to discourage open conversations among federal employees. Judges have interpreted the law to exclude these conversations from records requests — what's known as deliberative process privilege.
“The deliberative process privilege was designed to allow agency employees to have freedom to communicate with each other and toss around ideas and engage in devil's advocate debates and what-if arguments and really feel like they can be candid with each other,” Kurtz said. “In addition, there's the rationale that people might toss out ideas that are later determined to be bad ideas and never implemented, and if you produce all those emails, it's really going to confuse the public.”
The NOAA suit was settled in August. “The trial court judge agreed that the emails in the NOAA case were exactly the sort of emails that this deliberative process privilege was designed to protect,” Kurtz said. Judicial Watch declined to appeal to the ruling.
As with the University of Arizona case, the damage was already done. If Judicial Watch had concerns about the empirical rigor of the NOAA study, it could have scrutinized the data, the method or the results — all of which were publicly available. But, the group didn't want to debate the merits of the science. Its goal was more specific.
Invasive records requests undermine scientific inquiry.
A 2015 report from the Union of Concerned Scientists found that researchers in numerous fields — public health, environmental science, genetic engineering — face attacks from groups on both sides of the ideological spectrum. The report explains that “individuals and well-heeled special interests across the political spectrum are increasingly using broad open records requests to attack and harass scientists.” It warned that such tactics can “can curb the ability of researchers to pursue their work, chill their speech and discourage them from tackling contentious topics.”
With climate change, there is evidence that this is already happening. A 2015 study found that climate scientists frequently downplay the gravity of their findings in response to harassment. Authors wrote that, “ in response to constant, and sometimes toxic, public challenges, scientists have over-emphasized scientific uncertainty, and have inadvertently allowed contrarian claims to affect how they themselves speak, and perhaps even think, about their own research.” This erodes public understanding of science.
“We all lose when scientists self-censor due to continued harassment. We have a poorer understanding of the science and are less able to make good personal and policy decisions,” said Michael Halpern, head of the Center for Science and Democracy at the Union of Concerned Scientists. “Scientists will be more likely to keep their heads down and refuse to publicly engage or ask contentious research questions if they don't feel that their peers who are attacked are adequately protected.”
How then do scientists balance privacy with transparency? Where is the line between confidentiality and obfuscation?
“We think it's totally appropriate to FOIA for funding information and conflict of interest information,” Kurtz said. “When you're getting into research emails and candid communication, I think that's really harmful.” They added, “Short of something where you have actual evidence of criminal fraud, I think those things should be protected.”
FOIA is designed to give a window into the policymaking process, but science is already transparent. “When you're doing a peer-reviewed study, your peers are looking at your research and giving you feedback on it, and they are determining whether or not it is appropriate for publication,” said Kurtz. Scientists must publish their data, their methods, their results, and they must disclose their source of funding .
“That sort of transparency is actually what you need to replicate the research, evaluate the research,” said Kurtz. “That is not happening in the policymaking field where FOIA was originally designed to operate.”
Because science is transparent, it is also self-correcting. Researchers can interrogate, criticize and improve upon each other's work. In 2013, Thomas Herndon, a graduate student at the University of Massachusetts made headlines when they found a number of errors in an influential study authored by two Harvard economists. The paper showed that economic growth slows down in countries with high national debt, and it was used to justify austerity measures following the Great Recession. Herndon, 28, published a paperwhich called attention to the errors and refuted its conclusions about national debt.
This is how research works. Researchers evaluate and attempt to replicate the findings of their peers. They have every incentive to prove each other wrong. Herndon's work earned them the acclaim of serious economists, weeks of fawning press coverage and a star turn on The Colbert Report. Any person who could do the same for climate research would be similarly celebrated.
If E&E, Judicial Watch or any other groups were to find and publicize flaws in peer-reviewed climate research, they would be doing a public service. But, overwhelmingly, the data show that humans are driving the warming trend. So instead, right-wing groups go after emails, looking to defame scientists.
“Scientific transparency is obviously important,” Kurtz said. “What we want to preclude is scientists having to live in a fish bowl.”
Reprinted with permission.
Pakistan's Permanent Representative to the United Nations Maleeha Lodhi said that India is the mother of terrorism in South Asia, reported the state-run radio service on Sunday.
In their response to the allegations of terrorism levelled against Pakistan by India's External Affairs Minister Sushma Swaraj in their address at the UN General Assembly session in New York, Lodhi said India is using terrorism as a state policy.
Exercising the right of reply to an earlier speech, Lodhi accused Swaraj of “indulging in an orgy of slander against Pakistan.”
On Saturday, Sushma Swaraj in their address accused Islamabad of terrorism. In their diatribe, they had said, "Pakistan is recognised only as the pre-eminent export factory for terror."
“Her comments towards my country betray the hostility that the Indian leadership has towards Pakistan —the hostility we have endured for 70 years,” Ambassador Lodhi told the 72nd UNGA.
India Minister of External Affairs Sushma Swaraj addresses the 72nd Session of the UN General Assembly.—AFP
"Indian spy Kulbhushan Yadav has confessed of committing terrorism in Pakistan," Lodhi said.
“Repeating falsehoods year after year does not and cannot conceal or alter the truth. But in their vitriol they deliberately ignored the core issue of Jammu and Kashmir.”
Lodhi noted Jammu and Kashmir was not a part of India and was recognised by the United Nations and the international community as ‘disputed" territory'. “I invite all of you, and the Indian FM, to look at the UN maps,” they said.
The Pakistani diplomat said that India's military occupation of the State was illegal as the UN Security Council had, in over a dozen resolutions, decided that the dispute must be resolved by enabling the people of Jammu and Kashmir to determine their own destiny through a UN-supervised plebiscite.
India has been levelling allegations against Pakistan to divert international attention from the brutalities of Indian forces in held Kashmir, they said. The crimes against humanity in held Kashmir should be investigated.
They also urged the international community to stop India from ceasefire violations on the Line of Control. Pakistan wants a resolution of all outstanding issues through talks, they said, adding that India will have to give up the policy of terrorism.
Lodhi recalled that India's brutal occupation of Kashmir has killed over 100,000 innocent Kashmiris. Although India had launched a campaign of brutality inside Kashmir — including the shooting and blinding of innocent Kashmiri children with pellet guns — and yet had failed to subdue these Kashmiri children, women and youth who came out on the streets almost daily to demand that India get out of occupied Kashmir.
“India cannot hide behind semantics. Any interstate dispute, like Kashmir, is by definition an ‘international' dispute. If the parties fail to resolve a dispute, the UN and the international community has not only the right but the obligation to intervene and help to resolve the dispute,” they said.
As a pre-condition for a fruitful dialogue, they said that India will have to shun the policy of terrorism and supporting terrorism in Pakistan.
Lodhi also disagreed with Swaraj's suggestion that Pakistan was avoiding bilateral talks with India. “India now also refuses a bilateral dialogue with Pakistan, either composite or comprehensive. The conditions it poses – that first there be an end of violence — begs the question. Violence emanates, first and foremost, from India's occupation and brutal suppression of the Kashmiri people,” they maintained.
The ambassador also charged Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi of being involved in the killing of Muslims in Gujrat. Hands of several leaders of the ruling party in India are stained with the blood of innocent people, they added.
Even minorities in India are not safe, they remarked.
'Pakistan export factory for terror'
India's foreign minister on Saturday had told the UN that Islamabad had given the world "terrorists" while India was producing top-notch doctors and engineers.
"Why is it today India is a recognised IT superpower in the world, and Pakistan is recognised only as the pre-eminent export factory for terror?" Sushma Swaraj told the General Assembly. "We produced scholars, doctors, engineers. What have you produced? You have produced terrorists."
Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi stepped up a drive to isolate Pakistan diplomatically after the Uri army base attack in Sept 2016 in which 19 Indian soldiers were killed.
Hours after the attack occurred, Indian Home Minister Rajnath Singh had termed Pakistan a 'terrorist state' and accused Pakistan of involvement ─ a claim that Islamabad has denied.
Following the attack, Swaraj at the UNGA last year had said that it was time to identify nations who "nurture, peddle and export terrorism and isolate them if they don't join the global fight against terrorism."
Read more: Isolate nations which nurture, peddle and export terrorism: Indian foreign minister at UNGA
Pakistan rejects these allegations, maintaining that India is responsible for financing and carrying out subversive activities, especially in Balochistan and Karachi, which it illustrates with the example of Indian Research and Analysis Wing agent Kulbhushan Jadhav, who was arrested in Balochistan last year.
It also claims India has been attempting to sabotage the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC).
Eight Indian 'undercover operatives' posted as diplomats in Islamabad were found in Nov 2016 to allegedly be involved in subversive activities, including attempts to disrupt CPEC and create fear and chaos in the country. They were also alleged to be building a network of informants within Pakistan and fabricating evidence for tarnishing the country's image abroad.
A bomb exploded earlier today in the Greek political scene after Reuter's made a revelation about how Greece's caretaker PM Lucas Papadimos called Barroso and asked them to make a strong statement about Greece leaving the eurozone. Reuters claims that Barroso had never intended to make such a strong statement. They did so only because they got a call from Greece's caretaker Prime Minister Lucas Papademos asking them to, a Commission official said.
The Actual Incident
A couple of weeks ago, in an interview with Italian television, President of the European Commission Barroso, was asked what they thought of Alexis Tsipras' plans to trash the bailout agreement.
“Look,” they said, “if a member of a club does not respect the rules, it's better that it leaves the club, and this is true for any organization or institution or any project.”
Even though they did not refer to Greece, everyone knew it was Greece they were talking about and they made it look as if a Greek exit from the euro was drawing closer and closer. Greeks were, for once, more outraged with EU and Barroso was heavily criticized by the Greek media. For Greeks, Baroso was the “bad “guy, the foreigner who threatened them that they will take them out of the eurozone, the guy who blackmailed Greek politicians that if they don't do as they said, Greece would suffer the consequences. Yet as it turns out, it wasn't Barroso's idea to blackmail Greeks. It was the Greek PM himself. Frustrated at the failing efforts to form a coalition after the May 6 election, Papademos wanted Barroso to say something strong in the hope it might wake Greece's political leaders up.
Projecting the Europeans as monsters, and the reforms as measures that are only being imposed because the foreigners force us, is Greek politicians' favorite game for the past two and a half years.
“It wasn΄t Barroso΄s initiative. It was a direct request,” said the Commission official, adding with a degree of understatement, “It didn΄t work.”
Talking to the newspaper To Vima, Papademos denied the report. “I haven΄t asked anyone to make any statement, nor talked to anybody those days. Some want to create a problem.”
After the Reuter's report became known, Alexis Tsipras, Greece's left SYRIZA's leader attacked Papademos and stated that the real danger for Greece doesn't come from abroad but from the domestic political scene. Tsipras is partly right. Greece's current tragedy was caused by its politicians. But Tsipras themselves is part of this system. They may not have been involved in scandals but their populistic anti-austerity agenda doesn't present an alternative to the current loan agreement — or their plans for restoring Greece to growth while keeping it in the eurozone. One thing is for sure: crisis-hit Greeks simply do not know who and what to believe anymore.
Image caption Wikileaks founder Julian Assange has caused outcry from governments around the world
Things will be different after Wikileaks, but not in ways we might expect, says regular commentator Bill Thompson.
Wikileaks founder Julian Assange may not be Time Magazine Person of the Year for 2010 - that distinction has gone to Facebook's Mark Zuckerberg - but they have certainly managed to dominate the global conversation over the past few weeks.
The reverberations of Wikileaks publication of so many confidential and secret documents will be felt for many years, and they have attracted a large band of supporters, but the support for Assange is as much about their personal situation as it is an expression of support for what Wikileaks does or proposes to do.
To properly understand the philosophy that underlies their activity or their long-term goals, people should read Aaron Bady's compelling analysis of Assange's politics, as published on the zunguzungu blog.
Bady uses a close reading of an essay by Assange on State and Terrorist Conspiracies to argue that Assange sees modern governance as a conspiracy by those with power that goes against the interests and desires of the governed, and that Wikileaks exists in order to undermine the ability of governments to communicate secretly and diminish the power of authoritarian states.
Doing this, they believe, will force openness and lead to more progressive forms of government - or at least, less repressive ones.
It will also, inevitably, lead to a response from the institutions targeted, and in the last few weeks we have seen what happens when a state feels threatened.
Although it is not pleasant neither is it surprising: governments, like other complex systems, will act to preserve themselves and seek to damage or neutralise opposition, and nothing the US or other governments have done so far is exceptional.
Net conflict
In a statement dictated to their mother from their jail cell Assange said "we now know that Visa, Mastercard, PayPal and others are instruments of US foreign policy", referring to the way in which these large companies had decided not to provide service to Wikileaks.
But nobody who has observed the growth of the internet could have been surprised by this.
Tim Wu and Jack Goldsmith wrote about this back in 2006 in their excellent book Who Rules the Internet, where they pointed out that government will always go after gatekeepers and choke points in their attempts to regulate online activity.
We have called forth the network age, and yet carried on in our daily lives as if nothing has really changed
In that same year, Visa and Mastercard refused to pass funds to the Russian music download site allofmp3.com, even though the site was legal within Russia, but that attracted little attention because it was about cheap music and not freedom of expression.
Now we face a different sort of conflict, and it appears to be one that will shape the political landscape for years to come.
In the finale of the film Ghostbusters the eponymous heroes are obliged to challenge the god Gozer, but before they appear they are told that they must "choose the form of your destructor".
Gozer, they realise, will materialise in whatever monstrous form they imagine, and Venkman tells the others not to visualise anything. Unfortunately, it is too late - Ray has already thought of "the gentlest thing they could, something that would never hurt me" - at which point a giant Stay Puft Marshmallow Man appears and proceeds to wreak havoc on New York.
Something similar lies behind the emergence of Wikileaks. Over the past two decades we have built the internet and the web and completed a process of digitisation that has turned most of the world's operational data into electronic form, from bank records to love letters to diplomatic cables.
Status quo
We have called forth the network age, and yet carried on in our daily lives as if nothing has really changed.
As a result we made this moment inevitable, even if it was impossible to predict the form our "destructor" would take.
Image caption Will Wikileaks usher in a new era of control, wonders Bill Thompson
Now it has materialised as a stateless, shapeless "international new media non-profit organisation that publishes submissions of otherwise unavailable documents from anonymous news sources and news leaks", as Wikipedia describes it.
That organisation is threatened from outside by some of the most powerful states in the world, whose capacity for action is enormous. It is also challenged from the inside, as internal mails and documents, made available online on the Cryptome site reveal.
But what really matters is that the disruptive power of the internet has been conclusively demonstrated, and the old order has been provoked to respond.
This is democracy's Napster moment, the point at which the forms of governance that have evolved over 200 years of industrial society prove wanting in the face of the network, just as the business models of the recording industry were swept away by the ease with which the internet could transmit perfect digital copies of compressed music files.
Napster was neutered by court action in the US, but its failure inspired peer-to-peer services that were far harder to control. The sharing of music is now unstoppable, and Wikileaks and the organisations that come after it will ensure that the same is now true of secrets.
Of course we should never underestimate the power of the state to reinvent itself, just as modern capitalism and constitutional monarchy seem able to do.
Wikileaks has exposed the inadequacies in the way governments control their internal flow of information, and organisations dedicated to transparency and disclosure will observe the tactics used to shut it down and adapt accordingly. But the state can learn too, and has the resources to implement what it learns.
I fear that Wikileaks is as likely to usher in an era of more effective control as it is to sweep away the authoritarian regimes that Julian Assange opposes.
They may look to a day when the conspiratorial power of the state is diminished, but I think we are more likely to see new forms of government emerge that exploit the capabilities of the network age to ensure their power is undiminished.
Bill Thompson is an independent journalist and regular commentator on the BBC World Service programme Digital Planet.  They are currently working with the BBC on its archive project.
After months of rumour and intrigue, the first solid evidence of a dedicated notification system in Windows Phone 8.1 has surfaced.
Related: Microsoft's Cortana, the Windows Phone version of Siri, is powered by Foursquare
Top secret screenshots from Microsoft's newest flagship phone have appeared on the Winphollowers website, apparently having been pulled from a confidential Microsoft PowerPoint presentation.
Known as the "Action Centre", the screenshots (above) reveal a customisable display of four control shortcuts for Wi-Fi, Bluetooth, systems settings and more. Like its Android and iOS cousins, the menu will be accessed by dragging your finger a short way down from the top of the screen.
Drag the screen the full way down, and you'll gain access to a full notification centre with alerts from all your apps. The screenshots would suggest that these notifications will be separated by app type rather than timing.
There will also be a "Clear All" option, "All Settings" and the possibility of setting up "Ghost notifications" so you're not inundated by unwanted alerts from certain apps.
Related: Nokia plans three Windows Phone 8.1 smartphones for MWC 2014
Most sources agree that the Windows 8.1 Phone will be officially unveiled at Microsoft's Build Conference in April. The second big cloak-pull is expected to be a brand new voice-recognising personal assistant called Cortana, not dissimilar to Apple's Siri sotware.
In anticipation of Grist's meat series, I turned to the person I know who has the most to say about meat: Hal Herzog, a man I also refer to as “dad.” My father has spent 30 years studying the unique relationships people have with animals, and he's the author of Some We Love, Some We Hate, Some We Eat: Why It's So Hard To Think Straight About Animals. We spoke about vegetarianism, eating puppies, and why it's more moral to eat blue whale than chicken. You can hear a podcast of our conversation above, or read an excerpt below.
Q. Why are you interested in meat?
A. I'm interested in the moral complexities of the way we interact with other species, and one of the most morally complicated ways — in fact, the most morally complicated way, at least the one that has psychological implications — is the fact that we love them on the one hand and that we love to eat them on the other. So to me this was the great conflict that we have between loving something and then engaging in an activity in which they inevitably suffer and die.
Q. Speaking of the moral complexities of meat, are people who are animal lovers or pet owners less likely to eat meat?
A. No, not really. People who don't eat meat are probably more likely to be pet owners, but it's probably not true that there's a large difference between people who eat meat in terms of whether they are pet owners or not.
Q. Why do we eat some animals and not others?
A. That is really interesting and it gets to the heart of the topic that I'm interested in, which is why we love some animals and why we dislike others. Some of the reasons are just stupid. At least from an objective point of view, if you go and look at biblical rules on meat eating, they are absolutely bizarre in terms of why it's OK to eat a cow but not OK to eat a pig. It has to do with the shape of their hooves. Why is it OK to eat one type of insect but not another type of insect? It makes no logical sense at all.
Some people argue that the animals we eat have an ecological function. For example, some people have argued that some Jewish and Islamic cultures don't eat pig because historically pigs compete with humans for food and they don't want to keep a lot of pigs around because they eat the same things and they spread diseases like trichinosis. But I don't think that's a very good argument because there are other cultures that are very similar which do eat pigs.
I think most of our meat choices are determined by cultural habits and things that get simply passed down from generation to generation. When I was a kid, the idea of eating raw fish would have just been hilarious, and now the idea of eating raw fish is universally accepted. In my little town in western North Carolina, a real conservative place, we have a terrific little Japanese restaurant that people flock to to eat raw fish. Why is sushi popular now when it wasn't 40 years ago? For the most part, our food choices are governed by the same sorts of fads and fashions that govern our taste in clothing or whether you wear your baseball hat backwards or forwards or what kind of dog you get.
Q. So it's basically meaningless?
A. No. And that's the difference between deciding what animals you eat and deciding what animals you want to live with as a dog. And the reason is that meat involves killing a creature. That is the great paradox. On the one hand, we've evolved, I think, to be empathetic with creatures and to anthropomorphize them. So you see an animal like a puppy and you see a little bit of yourself or your kid in that puppy. But on the other hand, you see a pig — and I think little pigs are adorable — and you want at one level to empathize with the pig but on another level you want to eat that pig. The same thing is true with puppies.
Culture can overcome our natural inclination sometimes. So, for example, we find it absolutely abhorrent, the idea of eating a puppy, but in China, Korea, Southeast Asia, people commonly eat puppies. Twenty-five million puppies or older dogs are eaten each year, and they are considered delicacies. And for most of human history, it's likely that animals were more likely to be eaten than kept as pets. So that's why meat is so deliciously morally complicated. It is a meaningless decision on one level but, on the other, it's very meaningful.
Q. Speaking of eating dogs and puppies, in cultures where dogs are cuisine, do they also keep dogs as pets?
A. In some of those cultures, yes. For example, the Sioux indians in the United States — they would keep dogs as pets and they would also eat dogs. When they had a litter of puppies, they would decide early on. They would take a look at the puppies when they were a couple weeks old and they would say, this one's going into the stew pot and this one is gonna become part of our household.
Where we're seeing a lot of interesting conflict now is places like Korea and Vietnam and China, where historically people have not kept dogs as pets very often. But these cultures like many Western ways. They like Coca-Cola and McDonald's. Well, they've also glommed on to the American culture of pet-keeping. On the other hand, they still have this culture of eating dogs. So you have these really interesting cultural conflicts even within these cultures, and now a dog becomes what one researcher has called “an animal on the uncomfortable border.” They're part pet but they're part animals to be used, and in this case, to be eaten.
Q. Are they eating different breeds than they are keeping as pets?
Get Grist in your inbox Always free, always fresh. The DailyThe BeaconThe Weekly Ask your climate scientist if Grist is right for you. See our privacy policy
A. The Sioux indians would keep dogs in the same litter. Some they would eat, some they would keep as pets. In Korea, you have a different phenomenon. The dogs are specially bred for the meat trade. They look, unfortunately, a lot like Old Yeller, so they are sort of cute from an American point of view. But they give them a different name: They are called nureongi. In the markets, apparently, they keep them in different colored cages, so they have these pinkish cages that they keep them in and they are kept in a different part of the market than they keep dogs that are going to be in the pet trade.
So even here, we have this situation where the moral labeling and the moral category system really assuages us from the guilt that we feel from eating things. This is one of the really important things that I took away from my study of this — one of the most important factors in human moral thinking, especially about animals, is what category do we put things in? And this applies to other things as well. Take, for example, the abortion debate. It's about categories. Is a fetus a human being or is it not? Is a dog a pet or is a dog dinner?
Q. You mentioned that the dogs in Korea kept for pets have a different name than dogs used as food. Could you talk a little bit about how language reflects our relationships with meat and with animals?
A. I can tell you what most people think, but I'm less certain of that than I used to be. What a lot of people say is that we animalize certain foods that we eat by giving them different names. So we don't call barbeque “pig.” We don't say it's cooked pig. We say it's pork. We don't say hamburger is made of cow; we say it's made of beef. This situation breaks down, of course, when you get to animals that are lower on the phylogenetic scale. For instance, we call chicken “chicken.” We don't bother to change the language. Fish we call “fish,” but for things like veal, creatures like that, we change the names.
However, I used to think that was a universal principle, but I don't think so anymore. I was talking to a friend of mine who speaks German and I was asking them what the Germans call pork and venison and things like that, and they don't bother with that. Pork is called pig flesh. Beef is called cow flesh. Venison is called deer flesh. The same thing is true in China. So they don't bother with that. I think the category of meat definitely serves a moral distancing factor, but I'm not sure the specific thing does.
Now, labels can also make a type of meat seem more tasty. And the classic example of that is the Patagonia toothfish. It's this horrible looking creature found off the coast of Chile. It's a really ugly looking fish. It has big gummy-looking eyes and giant teeth and a sort of yellow complexion. It's not very attractive. However, an American food marketing guy was down there and saw these guys throwing away these fish and said, “What are they?” They said, “Patagonian toothfish. Nobody wants to eat them.” And they tasted it and said that tasted pretty good. It was a sort of mild fish that chefs like because it takes up different flavors, and they thought you maybe could sell it in the United States, but they had to rename it. And so they renamed it the “Chilean seabass,” and now we pay tons of money for it. Now this has not been good for the Patagonian toothfish because they've almost become extinct because of overfishing of the identical creature, the Chilean seabass.
Q. I want to talk about vegetarians. Have campaigns like PETA, the PETA celebrity campaign, and Meatless Mondays, done anything to actually reduce meat consumption in the United States?
A. Meat consumption in the United States has gone down slightly in the last 10 years, but very slightly. The publication of Peter Singer's very influential book, Animal Liberation, in 1975 really marks the start of the modern animal rights movement. They made a very powerful case against eating meat, on environmental grounds, moral grounds, and grounds of suffering and health. So you would think that meat consumption would have gone down in the U.S. since 1975. Oh, no. Then we ate, I think, about 170 pounds per capita per year. We now eat approximately 240 pounds of meat per capita per year. When they wrote the book, about 3 billion animals were killed per year. Now about 10 billion animals are killed per year.
Furthermore, the number of true vegetarians is incredibly small. Most people think it's big, but it's not. The number of people that say they are vegetarians is substantial, but 60 to 70 to 80 percent of them eat meat regularly. So there's a lot of people not telling the truth about their meat consumption and a number of studies have shown this. If you actually look at the proportion of Americans who are vegetarians, it's hovered between 2 and 4 percent, really, for the last 30 or 40 years. So the vast majority of Americans continue to eat meat in spite of the strong arguments against it on moral, health, and environmental grounds. It's the single biggest failure of the animal rights movement.
Q. Was there anything that surprised you in your research?
A. The bottom line is that meat is disgusting. Not only do we identify with the creatures that we're eating, once it comes down to it, meat is a bloody mess. What the food industry has done is go to great lengths to de-animalize meat, and they've done that very successfully. Very few people buy chicken carcasses anymore at a grocery store. What they buy is a chicken tender, which is in styrofoam and doesn't look like meat. It's cold, it's white, it's not bloody, it does not look like meat. It looks like a piece of paper. The meat industry has gone to great lengths to let you forget that that chunk of chicken that you're putting in your mouth is actually a creature that used to go cluck cluck.
There's another irony here — let me ask you a question, Katie. From a moral point of view, if you had a choice between eating a Big Mac or a Chicken McNugget, what would be the most moral thing to eat in terms of suffering?
Q. A Big Mac or a Chicken Nugget? I mean, I suppose the Big Mac would be worse because cows seems more sentient than chickens, despite the fact that chickens are probably treated worse. I put more value on a cow's life than a chicken's.
A. That's why you're completely wrong. You have to remember that this is the moral calculus of utilitarianism, which means basically that if you are a sentient animal, you count in the moral calculus. Well, there are 280 — and I did the math on this — there are 280 chickens in a cow. So in other words, to kill one cow, you take one life. To get the equivalent amount of animal protein, you have to kill 280 chickens. Now, by that logic, the animal of choice for animal activists to eat would be a blue whale because there are 80,000 chicken souls to make up the soul of one blue whale. I contacted Ingrid Newkirk herself, the head of PETA, and asked them if they would agree with me on that, and they said, absolutely. They said if an animal rights activist is going to eat meat, they should eat whales. Eat more whales. So that's one of the ironies is that beef is more moral than chicken, eating a whale is more moral than eating beef.
Backers of a 9/11 bill and family members of those lost in the attacks are urging the United States government to ignore economic threats from Saudi Arabia that aim to block the legislation, and are calling for the release of 28 pages of a Senate report that could shed light on the kingdom's involvement in the terrorist plot.
“I think our first duty is to make sure the families and the loved ones that we lost on 9/11 receive justice and receive the truth,” said U.S. Rep. Stephen F. Lynch.
“I would say, release the 28 pages from investigation and pass the 9/11 act and let them recover in whatever way they can.”
Saudi foreign minister Adel al-Jubeir issued the warning to lawmakers last month that Saudi Arabia would sell up to $750 billion in U.S. assets if Congress passes a bill allowing families of victims of terrorist attacks to sue foreign governments, The New York Times reported yesterday.
The bipartisan bill, called the “Justice Against Sponsors of Terrorism Act,” is co-sponsored by Democratic U.S. Sen. Chuck Schumer of New York and Texas U.S. Sen. John Cornyn, a Republican.
But the threats should not be a consideration in passing the bill, Lynch said, and lawmakers should not “be dissuaded from doing our duty.”
Lynch added that Saudi Arabia, fraught with threats against the royal family and the ongoing conflict in Yemen, “needs us more than we need them.”
“It sounds a little bit like extortion,” Lynch said.
“But I say let's call their bluff.”
Lynch has consistently pushed to declassify 28 pages from the U.S. Senate report on the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks that reportedly deal with Saudi Arabia's role in the plot.
Saudi officials have denied that its government had any role in the attacks, and the 9/11 Commission did not find evidence of involvement. But 15 of the 19 hijackers who used commercial jets on Sept. 11, 2001, came from Saudi Arabia.
Terry Strada, a New Jersey native whose husband, Tom, was killed in the 9/11 terror attacks, echoed Lynch's doubts about the power behind Saudi's threats in an interview with CNN.
“Do the Saudis really have that much influence on our government? Are they really calling the shots in Washington, D.C.? Are we really not able to pass legislation in our Congress because of the Saudis?” they asked. “It's unbelievable.”
They also called for the release of the report, which they said President Obama has promised in the past.
“The 9/11 families have a right to know this, and so do the American people,” they said. “Please stand by your promise and let's get the truth out there.”
The romanticized trader works in a caravan, braving the elements to move property and information between cities. Over millenia, humans have gone from trading physical goods with wagons and ships to trading symbolic contracts with undersea cables and specialized radio networks. Markets' adoption of communications technology has undoubtedly benefited society. But has it gone too far? Could the benefits of further speed be outweighed by the costs? A lot of people think so. And high-speed networks aren't cheap; a new cable between Tokyo and London may cost $850M. But while I've heard lots of complaints about the cost of improving network infrastructure, I haven't seen any estimates of the benefit. I will attempt to provide one here.
The “Arms Race”
Budish, Cramton, and Shim call further investment in speed “socially wasteful.” They also describe the dynamic between trading firms as a “prisoner's dilemma,” where firms could increase their profits if they all avoid expensive technology investments. But if one firm “deviates” and improves its speed, it can temporarily increase its profit at the expense of its rivals — until they make their own similar investments. The result is that firms are continually investing in speed, but these expenditures don't increase industry revenue. Many HFTs, being the supposed prisoners in this dilemma, agree that this process is a waste — for example Mani Mahjouri of Tradeworx:
[W]e went from piecing together existing fiber routes to digging trenches across the country to lay straight fiber to now sending signals through microwave towers and laying new trans-Atlantic cables, doing these very, very expensive technological investments… But if you look at it from the perspective of society, that's a tremendous amount of capital that's being invested… In my view, maybe that would be better spent making a more competitive price, as opposed to spending it on speed
Now, capitalism is supposed to force competitors to invest in order to provide a better service. If an industry complains that high investment costs are squeezing its margins, that's a sign that competition is working the way it should. The concern is normally the opposite, that competitors are colluding to avoid “defections” from the investment “prisoner's dilemma.” The question is whether there's something unique about trading networks that makes the investments worthless to society. I don't see why there should be.
The Speed of Information and Social Welfare
It is obvious that social welfare suffers when communications between markets are sufficiently slow. A revealing example is the experience of a Mediterranean trader (c.a. 1066), who needed to know the price of silk in an away market before they could proceed with their business. They sent the following letter, where they report that their time awaiting this information will be wasted:
The price in Ramle of the Cyprus silk, which I carry with me, is 2 dinars per little pound. Please inform me of its price and advise me whether I should sell it here or carry it with me to you in Misr (Fustat), in case it is fetching a good price there. By God, answer me quickly, I have no other business here in Ramle except awaiting answers to my letters… I need not stress the urgency of a reply concerning the price of silk
Clearly, there would have been an economic benefit if the trader had faster communications. In general, how can we estimate the size of this benefit? When prices aren't synchronized, wealth is arbitrarily transferred between traders — some transactions receive a slightly better price and others a slightly worse price, purely through luck. These wealth transfers are zero on average, so it'd be wrong to say their cost to society is their entire amount. But it'd also be wrong to say that such transfers are completely innocuous because they're “zero-sum.” Which means that a reasonable estimate of the societal cost of unsynchronized markets is: the volume ( ) of wealth transfers due to price discrepancies between venues, multiplied by a factor between 0 and 1, representing the economic cost per unit wealth transfer ( ).
Let's start by estimating . Here are three examples where markets assign a value to the cost associated with random wealth transfers:
Insurance: Where customers transfer the risk of bad luck to insurance companies, paying significantly more than expected losses to offload risk. Loss ratios in the insurance industry are generally around 80%. [1] So the insurance market has a of about 0.2. [2] The equity risk premium: Aswath Damodaran calculates the historical excess return of equities over short-term government debt to be 4.4% globally, and the standard deviation of the difference in returns to be 17.1% (Table 6). This means, roughly, that investors typically demand an additional 4.4% return in exchange for risking 17.1% of their capital — translating to a . Excluding the US, this ratio is 0.2, and in some countries isn't far above 0.1 (e.g. Belgium or Norway). Jensen's analysis of synchronization between fish markets in Kerala: After fishermen obtained mobile phones, they were able to find the nearby market with the highest price for fish, while they were still on the water. This information made it much easier for them to smooth out local fluctuations in supply and demand (see, e.g., Figure IV). Jensen estimates that mobile phones increased fishermen's profits by 8% and decreased the average cost of fish by 4%. [3] These numbers suggest that the Kerala fish market has a of at least 0.1. [4]
It's striking that these disparate methods all give approximately the same value. For our calculation, we'll take .
Now, we just need to estimate the reduction in random wealth transfers, , for a famous HFT network — The NY-Chicago microwave route seems like a good example. We'll just make a simple, order-of-magnitude estimate. It's reasonable to approximate with the total executed volume ( ) for products with multiple important trading centers connected by the route, multiplied by the typical price dispersion ( ) prevented by a reduction in inter-market latency. The CME traded over a quadrillion dollars notional in 2015. Some of that volume is “inflated” by contracts with a high notional value (e.g. options, Eurodollars) or may not be tightly coupled with away markets — so let's cut it by 90% and say that is the volume in Chicago that's highly-correlated with important markets in New York or Europe. [5][6] We can estimate by making the usual assumption that price movements are Brownian, so that volatility scales with the square root of time. Let's just roughly assume that the relevant CME contracts have an annual volatility of 10%. This makes it easy to calculate how much their prices typically move in the ~2.5ms that wireless networks save over fiber (one-way): [7]
So we have that . In other words, upgrading the Chicago-NY route from fiber to microwave prevents around $200M of arbitrarily transferred wealth per year. Multiplying this by our estimated economic cost per unit transfer, , gives the societal value of this microwave route: about $20M per year.
Comparing a Network's Value to its Cost
Laughlin, Aguirre, and Grundfest estimate that Chicago-NY microwave networks required around $140M in capital expenditures, with $20M per year in operating expenses. Our estimate of the route's value is very rough, but still surprisingly close to their (also rough) numbers. And I imagine that some fraction of the costs, which include things like salaries and radio licensing fees, are not a complete loss to the economy. So, it's quite plausible that these microwave networks are “worth it” to society.
There's also the possibility that the networking technology developed for HFTs will have beneficial applications in other industries, many of which are latency-sensitive. Finance has a history of subsidizing important innovations. According to Rocky Kolb, the first application of the telescope was spotting cargo ships and using that information to trade. Galileo themselves described how impressed Venetian leaders were with this application, who rewarded him:
And word having reached Venice that I had made one [a spyglass], it is six days since I was called by the Signoria, to which I had to show it together with the entire Senate, to the infinite amazement of all; and there have been numerous gentlemen and senators who, though old, have more than once climbed the stairs of the highest campaniles in Venice to observe at sea sails and vessels so far away that, coming under full sail to port, two hours and more were required before they could be seen without my spyglass.
If — in my armchair — I were put in charge of the economy and somebody came to me with a $200M project to cut inter-market latency by 3ms, I really wouldn't know whether it was a good idea. Sure, I could do a more thorough calculation than we did here. But I bet the best decision for the economy would be based on whether people would actually pay to use the network. That's what telecoms do already. Capital markets sometimes invest in dead-end projects, but identifying these mistakes, in advance, is rarely easy.
Reducing latency from 2 weeks to 1 second has obvious benefits to society. Going from 7ms to 4ms is more subtle. [8] But just because progress is incremental, doesn't mean we should dismiss its value. The economy is big, and our markets process tremendous volumes. A small improvement in price discovery can make a meaningful difference.
[1] Typical loss ratios for property and casualty insurance in 2015 were about 69% (Table 1). For accident and health insurance, they were about 80% (Figures 10 and 11).
[2] Of course, buyers of insurance may be especially risk-averse and willing to pay high premiums to avoid catastrophes. But hopefully competition and regulation keeps exploitation to a minimum.
[3] Jensen estimates that consumer surplus (the welfare benefit to fish-buyers) increased by 6%, a bit bigger than the decline in fish prices.
[4] Also keep in mind that prices were still not perfectly synchronized after the introduction of mobile phones. Perhaps profits would increase and prices decrease even more if fishing boats had automated, low-latency routing. They almost certainly would if new technology made boats faster.
[5] It isn't just S&P 500 futures in Chicago that are highly-correlated with markets in NY and Europe. You can make obvious arguments to include FX and fixed income futures in this category. Energy pricing is critically important for a wide range of asset markets. Agricultural products and metals also trade around the world, and can provide important trading signals for some equities.
[6] I don't know whether the current lowest latency route between Chicago and Europe goes through New York. It probably depends on whether Hibernia allows customers to connect at their Halifax landing, and use their own microwave networks to shuttle data between Halifax and Chicago. I'm far from an expert on such things, but Alexandre Laumonier suggests that Hibernia may have restricted connections at a different landing:
Different informants in the industry (and one journalist) told me that Hibernia will not allow (at least for now) dishes at the Brean landing station. I tried to know more about that but the only answers I got were some “neither confirm nor deny” responses. Huh! People know but don't talk. I wrote an email to Hibernia but I got zero answer (obviously). Then other informants told me Hibernia may finally allow dishes…
It'd be pretty funny if Hibernia let customers connect at Halifax instead of New York or Chicago, but charged extra for the ostensibly inferior service (like airlines do).
In any case, even if there are proprietary wireless networks from Chicago to Halifax, they probably share some towers with the Chicago-NY route. So maybe it's fair to include Chicago-Europe traffic in our estimate of the economic value of Chicago-NY microwave networks.
[7] Assuming there are ~250 trading days per year, and each trading day is ~7 hours — so there are about trading years per millisecond.
[8] Matt Levine describes (as many do) “a market as a giant distributed computer for balancing supply and demand; each person's preferences are data, and their interaction is the algorithm that creates prices and quantities.” This analogy may be helpful for understanding high-speed trading. A supercomputer's performance can depend heavily on its interconnect. If the market is a giant supercomputer, reducing its interconnect latency from 7ms to 4ms could dramatically increase its processing power — for some tasks by 40%. For such tasks, we'd expect a large increase in inter-node traffic when latency is improved. Perhaps we are seeing this increase in modern financial markets, which have far higher trade and message volumes than in the past.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- Rob Chudzinski was 3-2 as Browns head coach once upon a time, then won just once after that.
They finished 4-12 in that 2013 season -- a relative slice of heaven as we now know it.
Jimmy Haslam fired them after another losing finale in Pittsburgh, later citing research that suggested rookie NFL coaches rarely recover from such precipitous slides.
Joe Banner's overarching point in helping lead Haslam to that conclusion was that firing first-year head coaches, while not the norm, happens sometimes and for good reason. Then, of course, Haslam cut ties with Banner and Mike Lombardi shortly after, promoted Ray Farmer and hired Mike Pettine, fired them, then promoted Sashi Brown and hired Hue Jackson.
So what now?
In introducing John Dorsey as Brown's replacement, Haslam said they were really excited to forge ahead with Jackson as their coach.
Really.
That doesn't seem possible, so my theory is he's actually just really tired of being portrayed nationally as impetuous and clueless. Jackson is a popular guy in the league and in media circles. So Haslam thinks keeping Jackson will spare them some blowback.
No doubt the owner might even feel bad they agreed to such an extreme roster teardown and thinks they owe Jackson a better chance to succeed. As long as Haslam doesn't spend too much time wondering how Todd Bowles won five games with the Jets this season, conflicting evidence might not sway him.
Jackson hasn't won early, or late. They won just one time in their first year and so far not at all in their second. And in their latest "I'm owning this record, but not really" press conference, Jackson made it clear they believe they had no chance.
"I don't know if anyone else in the NFL can do this job," they said. "You better have strength."
Has Haslam fallen for that? Why else did Haslam feel compelled to announce on Dec. 7 that Jackson would not only return for 2018 but should be expected to lead the Browns beyond next season?
Jackson, unlike Chudzinski or Mike Pettine, did have previous head coaching experience. So? They finished 8-8 with the Raiders in 2011 but lost four of their last five games.
You know what they say about rookie head coaches who lose more in the end than at the start? Oh, right. Never mind.
If 1-30 and the prospect of 0-16 doesn't stick to Jackson, nothing ever will. Haslam sounds impressed Jackson's team continues to play hard for them (at least they said that before Bears 20, Browns 3). But that alone can't recommend him, can it?
Chudzinski kept their team motivated, too. Should've beaten the Patriots at New England, losing 27-26. They did beat Baltimore and Cincinnati in the same season.
Owners talk themselves into hirings and firings all the time. There are many more reasons to replace Jackson than to keep him.
If Haslam keeps Jackson, it should be because they trust them to bring along the next great young quarterback. Because they trust them to adapt their offense to the talent he's given. To make a difference on game day. To put their ego aside and "unequivocally" (to borrow a Jackson word) work with their front office through thin and thinner.
Based on Jackson's two seasons in Berea, is that really the coach Haslam sees?
If so, how so?
PUERTO PRINCESA CITY — Travel agencies have been hit by cancellations of trips to Palawan as security was tightened in the province's major tourist spots following a US Embassy warning about attempts by the Abu Sayyaf group to kidnap tourists in the province.
Security around the Puerto Princesa Underground River (PPUR) National Park here was tightened on Wednesday, as a reaction to the travel advisory released by the US Embassy warning of a possible terrorist presence in the province's most popular nature destination.
ADVERTISEMENT
The US travel advisory released Tuesday warned of a kidnapping attempt by the Abu Sayyaf Group (ASG) on tourists visiting the PPUR, prompting local authorities to increase police and military presence in the national park.
“We have just received the information about the travel advisory issued… by the US Embassy in the Philippines instructing their citizens to express caution for a possible terrorist attack in areas within the Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park. We have already coordinated with the authorities, both the [Armed Forces of the Philippines] and the police, to be in heightened alert,” a statement issued by the PPUR management said.
The US travel advisory, which was echoed by the British government for its nationals traveling to Palawan, warned of “credible information that terrorist groups may be planning to conduct kidnapping operations targeting foreign nationals in the areas of Palawan province, Philippines, to include Puerto Princesa City, and the areas surrounding Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park.”
The announcement triggered an abrupt cancellation of a scheduled visit on Wednesday of Philippine Military Academy cadets to the Underground River and Honda Bay. The cadets were in the capital to perform a silent drill exhibition.
Security around most of Palawan's tourist destinations has been tightened since late April following the clash between Abu Sayyaf bandits and the military in Inabanga town in Bohol province.
The military's Western Command (Wescom) based in Puerto Princesa City, in a security briefing on April 24, announced the formation of inter-agency task groups to conduct random checkpoints and mobile patrols in all major tourist destinations in Palawan.
But Wescom said local military forces have always been aware of it and that security precautions have long been in place.
“Even several months ago, even without reference to any travel advisory, the Western Command has beefed up our security posture for [the] tourist season. We see to it that we are always a step further on security,” Wescom said in a statement on Wednesday morning.
“We are all doing our very best, together with other agencies, in denying any terrorist groups entry and access in the high seas and coastal areas,” it said.
ADVERTISEMENT
Wescom said inter-agency task groups in tourist areas like Coron, El Nido, Sabang, Honda Bay, Balabac, Bataraza, Rio Tuba and Brookes Point, among others, had been activated.
Local travel agencies have expressed concern about the immediate and potentially long-term negative impact of the Abu Sayyaf threat to tourism in Palawan.
May Libiran, a travel agent based in Puerto Princesa, noted cancellations of travel bookings to the province by foreign tourists after the US travel advisory was released.
“I just spoke with two other agencies and we have been getting cancellations. We have one arriving on the 21st. We were about to issue the ticket today (Wednesday), unfortunately we had to cancel the ticket last night,” Libiran said.
Asked how far the security threat could affect Palawan's tourist arrivals, Libiran said they were anticipating a “major” impact because of the fear and uncertainty caused by the advisory.
“We are lucky if we can recover in a month's time, but I doubt it – takot na ang mga tao (people are now scared),” they said.
Palawan was first targeted by the Abu Sayyaf in 2001 with a daring kidnap of some 20 foreigners and Filipinos from a high-end resort in Honda Bay, a security crisis that led to the beheading in Mindanao of three American hostages. SFM
RELATED VIDEO
[ventuno id='OTMyODc4fHwyMzY4fHwxMDg2fHwxLDIsMQ=='][/ventuno]
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
Zaks triangles and squares. A cartoon character built entirely withtriangles and squares.
Zaks are a building toy originally produced by the company Ohio Art. They consist primarily of equilateral triangles and squares with toothed, hinged, and interlocking edges. The basic triangle and square shapes are further modified by having a number of different face styles, including holes or extended sockets that allow them to connect face-to-face. The toys can be attached to one another to build three-dimensional creations, with the edges either remaining rigid or being allowed to swivel. It is quite easy to create Platonic solids using Zaks, and the toys are useful to demonstrate how simple planes like triangles and squares can be used to create complex polyhedra. Since the pieces primarily connect with hinges, building a rigid structure takes some work, either by clever geometry or socketing together smaller polyhedra.
Zaks (Ziegler's Animated Konstruction System), was invented by Calgary designer Jim Ziegler. After building a virtually complete product that required $75,000 of their own money, Ziegler approached the product manager at Irwin Toy Limited, Dave Irwin, with their concept. Dave called on their brother George Irwin, and the two Irwins decided to give the toy a shot. Irwin Toy Limited was launching an important new profit center during the mid-1980s: product development, and in 1985 Irwin developed and started marketing Zaks. Zaks was a hit during its first Christmas season, and Irwin was able to quickly sell licenses to companies in the United States and Australia.[1]
Zaks were manufactured through the late 1980s and early 1990s, but production is now discontinued. They found some success, and can still be found for sale used.
This is just a quick update on what we're working on now, since it's been some time since Alpha 16 came out and I don't want anyone thinking I died or became a Venezuelan monk or something.
Alpha 17 is in progress. This update is going to be a refinement build. That means we're focusing entirely on fixing things that are wrong with the game, and are not adding wholly new features.
So far we've fixed hundreds of bugs. I've made a collection of new balance analysis tools and using those, along with community feedback and videos, have rebalanced several gameplay systems. We're also doing a review of how memory is handled, to reduce memory waste that leads to sub-optimal performance or out-of-memory crashes. I've compiled a list of exploit strategies that players use to gain advantage by exploiting tricky gaps in game logic, or bugs, and worked out solutions to most of them. Some exploit fixes are mechanics changes, some are balance changes, and quite a few involve reworking the AI. We've also been adding bits of feedback or micro-features here and there where needed; one example would be the new “mass” column in each character's “gear” tab, so you can tell how heavy each stack is.
It turns out that in a game this complex, there are quite a few places for subtle problems to hide! In fact I'm continually amazed at how many problems can be layered into a game that still manages to entertain so many people.
The current plan is to finish refinements and then release that as Alpha 17. But – there is the possibility we'll not release a “refinements-only” update and just wait until we've finished the refinements, and then some additional features beyond, to push a public release. This is because each release does create some chaos in the community, since it inevitably breaks mod compatibility (though maybe not vanilla save game compatibility, since the mechanics aren't being redesigned drastically). The question of whether we'll release Alpha 17 as a refinements-only build, or wait to add on significant new content remains open.
I invite your thoughts on this in this forum poll and thread.
☆ ☆ ☆ NOTES ☆ ☆ ☆
✓Uh. Wow. I had no idea Bitty was so torn up about coming out. And neither does Suzanne.
✓Where is Bitty in the first panel of this comic? An undisclosed guest room with a PICTURE OF THE SAMWELL BRIDGE and A FRAMED #1 SAMWELL MEN'S HOCKEY JERSEY. Clearly, they are visiting their secret boyfriend: renown curling star Zach Jimmermann. Anti-potatomann shippers are using every one of Bitty's vlogs in their conspiracy essays.
✓ Awww, Jack getting teased by Bitty in front of their closest friends and teammates! Alas, personal displays of affection. Mr. Zimmermann is going in for the hug, while ERB is committed to loosing their chirps and utterly destroying L'Sweetpea. I wanted to show how every part of Bitty's life includes them and Jack as a couple—every part save for their relationship with their parents.
✓ How did ol' Justin “Randy Andy Ransom” Oluransi survive this party?? Oh, you know, lots of nervous scream laughter. Tater isn't really sure what Ransom or Holster's names are anymore and by this point he's too afraid to ask.
✓ Okay, but back to the issue at hand—Bitty didn't just hang up, right? I don't think you understand—that's their Mama. Their Momma. One does not hang up on one's mother South of the Mason Dixon line without inviting searing retribution. Right right right. Okay, Bitty hmmm probably texted that their phone battery was running low—after explaining that the Boys had really gotten out of hand—at this Kegster that was apparently happening after graduation? He's awful at lying. While Dicky can assure them that he'll sort out the flight stuff as soon as the Stanley Cup is decided, Suzanne knows something is up. They also know that dealing with their son is best done face to face. That way, they can't do that little non-confrontational shuffle of theirs and shimmy out of a hard talk. Honest to God, them and their father are escape artists when it comes to anything resembling a tough conversation.
✓ Bittle would never leave a pie unattended. Imagine walking in on a dark kitchen and seeing a lattice in shambles and hearing sniffles down the hall. Jack was bracing for the absolute worst.
✓ Jeezy creezy, Jack, pulling out the “bud” in THIS moment? Ah. “Bud”. An endearment Jack reserves for pets, young children, and crying things.*
✓ Well—what's gonna happen? Is Bitty going home to Georgia or not? They have to talk to their parents…Well, we'll find out! But first some hockey. I hope you like the Providence Falconers, lots of action, comics without speech bubbles, cliffhangers, and the Stanely Cup Finals.
☆ Up Next: 3.24 - “Seven Games”
☆ ☆ ☆ NEWS ☆ ☆ ☆
Not much news! We're trying to get Check Please: Year Two up on the store before the end of the year…and keep your eyes peeled for an itch.io sale!!
The next update should be on Friday! The beginning of Year Four will be March. It'll be an update of three or four comics, but the long wait is the cause of having to outline the entirety of the last volume of the comic for 2018…
And in case you're wondering what conventions I might be at in 2018, a tentative list: Emerald City, Toronto Comic Arts Festival, Anime Expo, Small Press Expo, New York Comic Con, and many other places once Check Please: Volume One from first second hits bookshelves in the Fall!
Thank you so much for reading! See you soon!! ✓
*A Brokeback Mountain-ish reference!
Al Jazeera Media Network has announced that it has acquired US cable channel Current TV.
The Qatar-based network said on Thursday that with the acquisition it plans to create Al Jazeera America, a US-based news channel. Al Jazeera's coverage will soon be available in more than 40 million US households, up from 4.7 million prior to the deal.
Terms were undisclosed, but analysts told the Reuters news agency the deal could be worth an estimated $500m. The new channel will be headquartered in New York City.
In addition to the existing Al Jazeera news bureaus in New York, Washington, DC, Los Angeles, Miami and Chicago, Al Jazeera will open additional bureaus in key locations across the United States. It will also double its US-based staff to more than 300 employees.
The deal brings Al Jazeera into closer competition with American news channels like CNN, MSNBC and Fox. The award-winning channel is seen in more than 260 million homes in 130 countries, but has had limited access to US markets.
"For many years, we understood that we could make a positive contribution to the news and information available in and about the United States and what we are announcing today will help us achieve that goal," Ahmed bin Jassim Al Thani, director general of Al Jazeera, said in a statement.
"By acquiring Current TV, Al Jazeera will significantly expand our existing distribution footprint in the US, as well as increase our newsgathering and reporting efforts in America."
Common goals
Al Jazeera said its new US-based news channel would be separate from Al Jazeera English, and would provide both domestic and international news for American audiences.
The new channel is scheduled to begin broadcasting in 2013.
Current Television was set up seven years ago by former US vice president Al Gore. Although Current TV has been struggling for ratings, it nonetheless reaches 60 million American households, according to its own figures.
Gore and their partner Joel Hyatt also announced the sale in a statement.
"Current Media was built based on a few key goals: To give voice to those who are not typically heard; to speak truth to power; to provide independent and diverse points of view; and to tell the stories that no one else is telling," Gore and Hyatt said.
"Al Jazeera has the same goals and, like Current, believes that facts and truth lead to a better understanding of the world around us."
How does Sunday play come into play?
If the Big 12 makes a move to expand, how big of an issue for that league is BYU's practice of not scheduling competition on Sundays?
Not as big a hurdle as many have maintained the past five years.
In the realm of expansion talk, which has turned into a national media echo chamber this summer, it's kind of a fake issue. Geography might be bigger than Sunday play. And even that is weak when that league added West Virginia in 2010.
The Sunday play discussion has been popular to bring up when pros and cons of inviting BYU have been discussed. But really, is it a factor?
Not really. Geography could be. The late Monday assault by LGBT groups for the Big 12 to discriminate against BYU for what they see as discrimination toward gay faculty and students might roll into a firewall. This is a time knives have come out to knock off the leading expansion candidate, declared by so many media voices.
Sunday play? Nah.
The Cougars have maneuvered through more than a century with this policy. They've played myriad formats and schedules in the Skyline Conference, Western Athletic Conference and Mountain West. If you line up the games played in major and minor sports, they've kept that concept in place.
Has it been easy? Yes and no.
The conferences BYU has competed in have accommodated schedules for the Cougars. It hasn't been difficult. It didn't shake things up. It took some planning with some minor sports and championships, but it wasn't that big a pain.
But when BYU is considered for regional or national NCAA championship competition, yes, accommodating the school from Provo has been an issue. It has actually hurt BYU's seeding in the NCAA Basketball Tournament when the Selection Committee gets to the point of choosing where to place the Cougars in brackets to ensure it isn't a conflict.
Having said that, we saw very clearly how the NCAA enacted an accommodation process for BYU this spring for the NCAA Golf Championships. Cougar women played Sunday's round on Thursday. It was workable.
But expansion talk?
Generally speaking, the Big 12 doesn't play football games on Sunday. It isn't a major issue in that sport. Minor sports like baseball, tennis, soccer, golf and others, yes.
But that can be worked out with a commissioner as smart as Bob Bowlsby.
You have to look no further than BYU's current relationship with the West Coast Conference in which BYU's non-football sports generally compete.
Over time, many WCC officials have told BYU administrators they've actually enjoyed working through travel and schedules that don't involve Sunday play. It gave coaches and students the opportunity to return from weekend competition and meet the demands of school on a Monday morning.
I think the WCC basketball accommodation for BYU in splitting up a weekend tournament (Friday, Saturday, Sunday off, Monday then Tuesday final) is odd, strange to some. And yes it is inconvenient for some schools. But the greatest inconvenience is actually for BYU itself, which does not practice that day before resuming play on Monday.
At BYU's football media days in June, this question came up for Holmoe during a media session on the school's TV network.
Holmoe was very clear that BYU was immobile in its stand to compete without breaking its longstanding tradition of no Sunday play.
“I really would love to see our football play at that level, be playing in a P5 conference. I want our players in all of our sports to be able to play at the highest level. I don't know [if the policy is a dealbreaker]. That's up to the P5 conferences. But I do know that it's something that we hold sacred. We have never played on a Sunday and we're not going to play on Sunday.”
That stark stand is clear and unambiguous. Some like to have fun with the fact BYU has been involved in many late Saturday games that may bleed over into Sunday, joking that they might have to [or should] walk off the court or field at the stroke of midnight to be in line with its principles.
Dumb thought.
BYU does not schedule competition on Sundays as part of any plan or design. If a game spills over, the spirit of that rule remains valid.
In a month, or perhaps weeks, the Big 12 will decide if it will go ahead with plans to expand and add two or four teams. The Cougars are solidly in that mix, often mentioned as the leader if not a key player in the design, which is based on football and TV money.
College football has not been a regular Sunday event. That day has traditionally yielded itself to professional sports.
No Sunday play is a non-negotiable situation for the Cougars in any league. And if you look at history, tradition and the ever-bouncing tipoff and kickoff times of college sports, it isn't a big deal to afford BYU that accommodation.
So, next time you see this issue crop up during discussions in print, a broadcast or online, it is indeed an interesting part of the debate among expansion candidates.
But it isn't such a big deal that it would actually impede BYU as a legitimate expansion candidate. It never has been in any league they've been a part of. It shouldn't be this time with this vote.
Time will prove this so after things shake out.
My expansion (odds) chances.
Big 12 will add two: 2:1.
BYU and Houston 3:1.
BYU and Cincy 5:1.
Cincy and Houston 8:1
Big 12 adds four: 6:1.
TWITTER: Harmonwrites
About
Greetings, friends! Nick Foy, artist and co-writer of Otakuz With a Z here! Before you lies the opportunity to take OWAZ to a whole new level. Our goal with this Kickstarter is simple: to take the first 100 comic strips and cram them into a full-color, high-quality comic book.
"I haven't heard of you! Stranger danger!" some of you might be saying right now. Chill out, kiddo! I'm one of the good guys! You can check out the comic at http://www.owaz-comic.com and fall in love with it in no time!
"But, Nick!" you may exclaim, "We can already read all of these comics online for free! Why would we pay for something we can already get for the low, low price of zero dollars and zero cents?" I'm glad you asked! The books will be jam-packed with things like bonus comics, original sketches, and loads of other bonus goodies!
Not only that, but by funding this project and making it a reality, you can take pride in the fact that you helped make it possible at all while getting super cool swag in the process, some of which is irreplaceable. So spread the word! Tweet about it, write about it on your blog, share it with your friends of Facebook, shout about it from the rooftops! YOU have the power to bring the Otakuz With a Z comic book to life!
The impeachment of President Rousseff has sparked both pro and anti rallies in several cities across the country.
In São Paulo their supporters came out onto the streets commiserating with each other, accusing congress of “being out of touch with the people”.
“The 61 votes show that congress is not representative of the Brazilian population, and this type of movement is so important because we are showing Brazil what we want, and that this government does not represent us,” said one Rousseff supporter.
Elsewhere it was celebration time. Rousseff's removal has been a long time coming for many of their critics and they hope them going will pave the way for a change of fortunes for Brazil.
“After almost two years of the street movement backing impeachment, we have victory, so today we are holding a small celebration in the definitive removal of Dilma Rousseff.”
O BRASIL É FORATEMER
Milhares tomam as ruas em todos os cantos do país. #ForaTemer#LutarSemprepic.twitter.com/JSqLhT2ufz — Midia NINJA (@MidiaNINJA) September 1, 2016
But what began peacefully later turned violent.
Anti riot police used tear gas and even stun grenades to break up crowds of what they identified as Rousseff supporters.
Bank windows and shop fronts were smashed in.
At one point, a group of protesters threw rocks at a police SUV, shattering its windows before attempting to roll it over.
Witnesses say the violence began when demonstrators were prevented from gathering outside the offices of a major newspaper. Some Rousseff supporters accuse the media of backing the ousted president's right wing opponents.
Two Israeli teenagers jailed for burning Palestinian boy alive in Jerusalem BelfastTelegraph.co.uk Two teenagers have been jailed for kidnapping a Palestinian boy and burning them to death in Jerusalem. https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/news/world-news/two-israeli-teenagers-jailed-for-burning-palestinian-boy-alive-in-jerusalem-34423979.html https://www.belfasttelegraph.co.uk/incoming/article34423973.ece/7671c/AUTOCROP/h342/Mohammed-Abu-Khdeir-001.jpg
Email
Two teenagers have been jailed for kidnapping a Palestinian boy and burning them to death in Jerusalem.
The murder of 16-year-old Mohammed Abu Khdeir sparked says of riots in East Jerusalem and the West Bank in July 2014 as tensions reached boiling point and Israel prepared to start a new bombing campaign in Gaza.
Two of their killers were sentenced today in Jerusalem District Court but cannot be named because of reporting restrictions.
A 17-year-old boy was jailed for life and a 16-year-old received a 21-year sentence, which Abu Khdeir's family are reportedly planning to appeal.
The third convicted murderer, accused mastermind Yosef Haim Ben David, was not sentenced as a plea of insanity continues to be considered.
Judges, who heard the case behind closed doors because the convicts were juveniles, dismissed claims by the two teenage boys that they did not kill Abu Khdeir and that Ben David committed the murder alone.
Uri Korb, the state prosecutor, told reporters that the punishment reflected the “barbaric” act that marked a “moral nadir.”
But Hussein Abu Khdeir, the victim's father, told Israel Radio they would appeal the shorter sentence to the Supreme Court.
Abu Khdeir was waiting for friends outside a mosque during morning prayers in Shuafat, East Jerusalem, when they were abducted on 2 July 2014.
Surveillance footage showed them being dragged into a car that drove into Jerusalem Forest, where their burned body was discovered just an hour later.
An autopsy showed they had soot in their lungs, indicating they had been burned alive after being beaten and forced to swallow petrol by their attackers.
The defendants confessed to carrying out the murder as a brutal act of revenge for the killing of three Jewish teenagers in the West Bank, who had been buried the previous day.
Ben David called out the names of murdered Israelis, including Eyal Yifrah and Naftali Fraenkel as the boys beat Abu Khdeir and hit them in the head with a metal bar, the court heard.
The Israeli Defence Ministry recognized Abu Khdeir as a victim of “hostile action”, granting their family the same compensation rights as the victims of Palestinian attacks.
Their mother, Suha, had called on authorities to “treat them the way they treat us”, adding: “They need to demolish their homes and round them up, the way they do it to our children.”
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu contacted the family to pledge that the culprits would be prosecuted, calling the murder “despicable”.
Independent
Independent News Service
Trampolining
Trampoline parks are popping up all over the place nowadays, and because pole dancers love defying gravity and getting some air time then this is the perfect way to have some fun with your pole dancing partner.
A Drag show
Although probably not every pole dancer, a good percentage of us love over the top costumes, glitter and fabulous makeup, combine these with cutting wit and great stage shows and you can't beat a Drag performance for great date entertainment.
Pizza restaurant
Pole dancing burns calories, so the best way to replenish This is with PIZZA. Every poler loves stuffing their face with pizza as far as I know, so take them to your favourite Italian and you will find out just how true it is that the stomach is the route to the heart.
Road trip to a competition
Taking time out of your weekend to travel with us to watch our favourite pole dancers perform in a competition is one of the best ways to show us that you care. If you just so happen to buy us some pole goodies off one of the stall there too we won't be complaining.
Take a dance class together
OK, so you might not be a pole dancer yourself, but you can share in your partner's passion by attending a dance class with them. This might be something super sensual like latin, or challenging and unusual like lyrical or contemporary. The class helps you pole partner practice some new moves AND spend time with you.
A Cirque du Soleil performance
Who doesn't want to watch seemingly mythical creatures fly through the air, bend themselves in half, and perform death defying tricks? No matter the apparatus, every pole dancer appreciates the art and skill that goes into circus and aerial arts, so taking us to watch a Cirque show is a fantastic date idea.
An animal sanctuary
Most of the pole dancers I know are also animal lovers. Why not offer to go and volunteer at an animal shelter for the weekend together? You will be able to help out animals in need whilst getting to know each other's interests. If you get to pet some puppies whilst you are there that's an extra bonus!
A sex shop
Not for that reason you filthy perverts (although knock yourself out!). Sex shops are often the easiest place to try on Pleaser shoes and other pole heel brands in person, rather than just buying off the net. Find an adult store that stocks Pleaser heels and you can spend the afternoon trying on high heels together, and maybe even buy your favourite pair at the end. Plus you can giggle at all the toys together and maybe pick up a new pole outfit.
The spa
Pole dancers get sore muscles from all of the tricks we do, so if we can spend a leisurely few hours receiving a massage and relaxing in a hot tub then we are happy bunnies!
Night in with a game of Twister
And any other board games you would like! Twister is particularly good for us because after all the flexibility training we've done we know we can whoop your ass.
Vegan restaurant
Many of the pole dancers I know are also vegetarian and vegan, so taking your pole dancing partner to a specialist restaurant will show that you care about their food choices and how they choose to live their lives, whether it is for health, ethics or just preference.
Indoor climbing
Climbing is great cross-training for pole dancing as it improves your upper body and grip strength. Take your pole dancing crush to an indoor climbing facility and you can have lots of fun trying out this new sport together.
Do a life drawing class
Pole dancers are not shy of seeing a little bare flesh, so going to a life drawing class together could be a fun way for you to bond, especially as you get to compare your drawings together over a coffee after the class. Just make sure you don't start giggling together in front of the model!
Visit an unusual museum
A museum date doesn't have to be to see paintings or old relics (although they are fun in their own right), you can also seek out more unusual museums. Look for museums that focus on dance, burlesque or costume design to tap into a pole dancer's personal interests.
Go to the playground
Going for a night time play on your local playground is a unique way to have a cheap and cheerful date. Our pole strength means we are awesome at the monkey bars, but we can't wait to stargaze from the play tower with you too.
Night in watching pole dancing videos
Pole dancers could watch pole videos all day and never get bored, but I know that the same can't be said for our other halves. Show your pole love just how much you like them by watching all of their favourite routines with them for the perfect ‘stay in and cuddle' date idea.
Make each other mix CDs and have a night in
If you are just getting to know each other, and you are interested in each other's music tastes, why not exchange mix CDs (or Spotify playlists, but that isn't quite as romantic)? You can cuddle up with a bottle of wine and listen to what music you have each picked out. For you polers, this might be the perfect way of find some new songs to dance to.
Cat Cafe
Again, the animal theme returns. Cat cafes have started springing up round the world, and if you are a coffee addict AND cat lover (which so many pole dancers are!), then these are the destination of choice for a brilliant date.
A Burlesque show
Once again the subject of our attire, or lack thereof, gives us the perfect date idea. Burlesque shows are a fun and entertaining date, with a bit of a risque edge that satisfies every pole dancer's taste for the naughty.
A pole dancing class!
We do realise that pole dancing isn't for everyone, but how do you know unless you try? Of course a pole class is the perfect date to go on with a pole dancer!!! You could take a group class together, or maybe book a 2-2-1 private session if you want things to be a bit more private. No date would form a better bond with your poler than going through the pain and joy of a pole class with them.
♥♥♥
What are your perfect dates for a pole dancer?
Leave your ideas in the comment below!
Find me on Facebook and Instagram @peachleeray, or subscribe to my newsletter below:
Brewers Blog The Journal Sentinel sports staff brings fans the latest news and inside information on the Brewers SHARE
By of the
One of the longest droughts in Milwaukee Brewers history finally came to an end on Tuesday night when Carlos Gomez was awarded a Rawlings Gold Glove as the top centerfielder in the National League.
Gomez bested fellow finalists Andrew McCutchen of the Pittsburgh Pirates and Denard Span of the Washington Nationals, with the result being announced on ESPN2.
“Getting a Gold Glove is a dream come true for me,” Gomez said in a telephone interview from their native Dominican Republic.
“All of my career, I've had to work and I've thought of myself as one of the best centerfielders in both leagues. This is special for me, my family and the Brewers organization.”
The last Brewers player to win a Gold Glove was Robin Yount at shortstop in 1982, while the last Brewers outfielder to win a Gold Glove was Sixto Lezcano in 1979.
Gomez becomes the fifth player in Milwaukee history to be so honored, and their Gold Glove is the 10th overall for the franchise.
Former Brewers first basemen George Scott (1972-'76) and Cecil Cooper (1979-'80) also won the award, which is presented annually to the best defensive player at each position in both leagues.
“It's more fun and exciting because the Brewers organization gave me the opportunity to become the player that I am now,” Gomez said when asked about ending the Brewers' 31-year drought, which was the longest in the majors between Gold Gloves.
“It means a lot to me. It's my first Gold Glove and I'll do the work to get it next year, too.”
Gomez cemented their victory by being credited with 38 defensive runs saved, which led all major-league centerfielders, and a career-high 12 assists, which trailed only the New York Mets' Juan Lagares (14).
By comparison, McCutchen was credited with seven runs saved and recorded 11 assists while Span was credited with three runs saved and notched five assists.
Gomez also made five home run-saving catches, earning them considerable time on national highlight reels in the process.
Two of those – the first on July 8 against Joey Votto and the second on Sept. 15 against Jay Bruce – came with two outs in the ninth inning and preserved victories against the Cincinnati Reds at Miller Park.
“I made a few plays people are going to remember,” Gomez said. “One of those is the catch that I made in Houston, and a few of the home runs I robbed in center field.
“They make people excited to watch the replays over and over – including myself – and it's really cool to see yourself make that kind of play. I'm going to continue to work to try and be successful like that.”
Gomez, who signed a three-year, $24 million contract extension in mid-March, also had a breakout season at the plate. They hit .284 with 24 home runs and 73 runs batted in – all career highs for the 27-year-old.
“The last few years, I'd been doing really solid work on defense but I couldn't really put it together with my offense,” they said. “This year, with playing every day, people realize I'm one of the best centerfielders in the league.”
Hurley: "You know, you were a real good number two."
Ben: "And you were a great number one, Hugo."
This brief exchange between Hurley (Jorge Garcia) and Ben (Michael Emerson) in the final stretch of "Lost" series finale "The End" suggested that a lifetime of adventures unfolded for the Island duo before they eventually moved on and reunited with their friends in the pre-afterlife. And fans will actually get to glimpse those adventures when season six of "Lost" arrives on DVD and Blu-ray.
"For those people that want to pony up and buy the complete 'Lost' series, there is a bonus feature — you could call it an epilogue, a lost scene," Emerson said during an appearance on G4's "Attack of the Show." "It's a lot, 12 or 14 minutes, that opens a window on that gap of unknown time between Hurley becoming number one and the end of the series."
The revelation was greeted with gasps of surprise from the studio audience. Additional answers had been promised for the "Lost" season six DVD release, but no details had been revealed before Emerson spoke. Asked if they regretted making the reveal, the actor replied with a smile, "I'm rolling over that in my mind."
The follow-up question, of course, is if this footage might hint at some kind of "Lost" spin-off, something that showrunners Carlton Cuse and Damon Lindelof have sworn time and again won't happen — at least, not with them at the helm.
"It's self-contained," Emerson replied. "Although it's a rich period in the show's mythology that has never been explored. So who knows what will come of it?"
Do you think the adventures of Hurley and Ben would be enough for a whole new show? Sounds off in the comments.
The campaign for the leadership of our party is now underway and I am excited by the prospect and humbled by the many messages of support and encouragement I have received.
However as a party we need to look at how we operate and what we look like to the outside world. One issue, in particular, now has an urgency to it which we can't ignore. We have danced around gender imbalance at the highest levels for too long ….. and I am not prepared to wait a further five years before women are able to feature at the leadership level. Given that there were no women elected to the House of Commons and so no woman can stand for the leadership, I believe it is essential that the deputy leader is a woman.
Consequently, as leader I will immediately propose to the federal executive that we should move to elect a Deputy Leader who is not required to be a member of the House of Commons, but who will play a major role as one of the party's leading voices and campaigners. They could be one of the former or future colleagues mentioned below; a peer, a member of a devolved chamber or the European Parliament; a leading councillor or seasoned campaigner.
The need for action was forcefully brought home to me on Tuesday when our much diminished parliamentary party met for the first time. Amongst the many absent faces were brilliant ministers with fantastic records of achievement in international development and employment rights such as Lynne Featherstone, and Jo Swinson and dynamic campaigners such as Tessa Munt, Jenny Willott and Lorely Burt. I had also started the campaign expecting to be joined by a host of new, talented colleagues such as Dorothy Thornhill, Lisa Smart, Jane Dodds, Christine Jardine, Vikki Slade, Julie Porksen, Layla Moran and many others – who could have doubted that amongst this group were future leaders of the party?
So we must put in place the mechanism to let our members – including the fantastic avalanche of new members — to make the choice.
Some might say that putting this special election in place will have a cost. But failing to act will have a greater cost, not just in image and reputation but also in terms of the insight and perspectives that a female deputy leader will bring to our collective task of renewal and recovery.
I want to have the benefit of that wisdom on a daily basis, and want to work in harness with a deputy whose presence ensures that our party is starting the process of becoming properly representative of liberal Britain.
For Dragon Ball video game fans, today has been an exciting day with the first gameplay trailer of Dragon Ball FighterZ. The debut came from Los Angeles, CA (USA) at Microsoft's E3 2017 presentation. While the debut came from Microsoft, the game isn't limited to just Microsoft Xbox One. Players will also be able to enjoy the latest installment to feature the power of Goku and company on PlayStation 4 (PS4) and PC/Steam as well.
Those attending E3 this year will be able to play an event-only demo of Dragon Ball FighterZ. The event takes place in the Los Angeles Convention Center from June 13-15 for the public, but these days prior feature press conferences from the console manufacturers and game publishers.
That's not all, however! To add to that excitement of the first gameplay trailer, Bandai Namco Entertainment has announced Dragon Ball FighterZ will get a closed beta this summer on PS4 and Xbox One. No details have been announced in regards to what the beta will have, how to participate, or the exact date it can be played. As of this writing, we only know there will be a closed beta sometime this summer. You can bet Anime Games Online hopes to have additional details as soon as they are announced!
Dragon Ball FighterZ is a 3-vs-3 team battle fighting game in development by Arc System Works, the same developer as the acclaimed Guilty Gear fighting game franchise. Dragon Ball FighterZ delivers an explosive, action-packed game that combines classic 2D fighting with advanced 3D character models that look and feel as if they are straight out of the Dragon Ball series. It will will incorporate ultra high-speed battles and various flashy moves, including Goku's iconic Kamehameha. Confirmed playable characters thus far include Goku (normal, Super Saiyan, Super Saiyan 3, Frieza (Final Form, Golden) Super Saiyan 2 Gohan, Vegeta (normal and Super Saiyan), Perfect Cell, and Majin Buu. Dragon Ball FighterZ will be published by Bandai Namco Entertainment in early 2018. Dragon Ball FighterZ encourages players to train and master more than one fighter and style, delivering richer gameplay and motivation to take down the competition.
“The DRAGON BALL franchise is tailored suited for the fighting game genre, and DRAGON BALL FighterZ will be the next exciting addition to a long history of great fighting games,” said Eric Hartness, Vice President of Marketing at BANDAI NAMCO Entertainment America Inc. “Arc System Works brings a pedigree and record of quality that fighting game fans can trust; with awesome visuals players might mistake as actual 2D animation from the famed DRAGON BALL series.”
Extended 2017 European Tour Dates Announced
The Day is Quazarz's, and the Time is now to plug your audio-visual sensors:
“Welcome to Quazarz,” the first, official video from Quazarz vs. The Jealous Machines - Directed by Nep Sidhu - is viewable here via Black Constellation's new YouTube channel.
Shabazz Palaces' Quazarz: Born on a Gangster Star and Quazarz vs. The Jealous Machines, the group's third and fourth albums, will be available in finer independent record stores on CD / LP / DL / CS tomorrow, Friday, July 14th worldwide through Sub Pop. These releases follow the group's critically acclaimed 2014 release, Lese Majesty.
Quazarz's Day statement:
Join US. Trust US. WE know what is best. Sleep more. Watch more. Eat gristle. Drink pop. Do Less.
JoinUS. Trust US. WE know what is best. Sleep more. Watch more. Eat gristle. Drink pop. Do Less.
JoinUS. Trust US. WE know what is best. Sleep more. Watch more. Eat gristle. Drink pop. Do Less.
———————
An interruption of the Guild's proliferation of porcinepolicula propogandai. A notification of service:
We received the beams and mixed them for the youth of ourterra so that they might know that they were not alone, that the revolution of resolution was still well underway.
We saw shattered fragments of the ritual dance that sustained them even in the midst of thetechno tyranny. It's form was fitting as they like us were shards of what was Once.
They needed To know that theQuazarian fight mirrored their own and that there was hope in both the old ways and the new.
The guild doesn't want you to see-hear-feelthi…
END FEED
JoinUS. Trust US. WE know what is best. Sleep more. Watch more. Eat gristle. Drink pop. Do Less
JoinUS. Trust US. WE know what is best. Sleep more. Watch more. Eat gristle. Drink pop. Do Less
JoinUS. Trust US. WE know what is best. Sleep more. Watch more. Eat gristle. Drink pop. Do Less
Published in Quazarian Con-Guild leaflet The Proper Gander circa right now “Release Day” by Maikoiyo Alley-Barnes
Quazarz: Born on a Gangster Star and Quazarz vs. The Jealous Machines are available for purchase now from Sub Pop right here. LP orders for each album from megamart.subpop.com and select independent retailers will continue to receive the limited “Loser” edition on colored vinyl (…Jealous Machines on mashed-up purple; …Born on a Gangster Star on aluminum) while supplies last. Both albums can be purchased together from Sub Pop as a special bundle, and there are also new T-shirt designs associated with each release (one for …Born on a Gangster Star and two for …vs. The Jealous Machines).
Quazarz: Born on a Gangster Star, which includes tracks “Shine A Light” (feat. Thaddillac), “Since Caya,” “When Cats Claw” and Moon Whip Quäz (feat. Darrius),” was produced by Knife Knights (aka Ishmael Butler and Erik Blood) and recorded and mixed by Blood at Protect and Exalt Labs: A Black Space in Seattle.
Quazarz vs. The Jealous Machines, which includes tracks “30 Clip Extension” “Effeminence” and “Julian's Dream (Ode to a Bad)” was produced by the Palaceer Lazaro and Sunny Levine, recorded in Seattle at Protect and Exalt Labs: A Black Space and in Marina Del Rey at Dror Lord Studios, and mixed by Levine and Kamal Humphrey at Kamal's House Studio.
Quazarz vs. The Jealous Machines will also be available as a special-edition illustrated album: illustrated by cartoonist Joshua Ray Stephens this full-color, hand-numbered, 32-page book includes a download code for the full album. Joshua Ray Stephens worked directly with Shabazz Palaces to interpret the album track-by-track, creating a cohesive whole that synchronizes music and image. Printed in a large 11” x 17” format, with saddle-stitch binding, this limited-edition art piece further expands the ambitious universe of Quazarz and Shabazz Palaces. The illustrated album version of Quazarz vs. The Jealous Machines will be released in collaboration with Fantagraphics Books on Friday, August 18th.
Shabazz Palaces Tour Dates + Ticket Links
Shabazz Palaces have extended their 2017 tour schedule in support both Quazarz: Born on a Gangster Star and Quazarz vs. The Jealous Machines with international dates that begin July 13th-16th at Cascadia Festival in Granite Falls, Washington run and through November 9th-12th at Le Guess Who? Festival in Utrecht, Netherlands. The European leg of the tour will visit 23 cities including Copenhagen, Stockholm, Oslo, Istanbul, Vienna, Prague, Berlin, Geneva, Paris, Dublin, London, Glasgow, and Brussels.
Jul. 13-16 - Granite Falls, WA - Cascadia Festival
Aug. 16 - Portland, OR - The Star Theater*
Aug. 18 - San Francisco, CA - Great American Music Hall*
Aug. 19 - Los Angeles, CA - The Regent Theatre*
Aug. 20 - Phoenix, AZ - Crescent Ballroom*
Aug. 21 - El Paso - TX - The Lowbrow *
Aug. 21 - El Paso, TX - Lowbrow*
Aug. 23 - Austin, TX - Mohawk (Outdoor Stage)*
Aug. 24 - Dallas, TX - Club Dada*
Aug. 25 - Baton Rouge, LA - Spanish Moon*
Aug. 26 - Atlanta, GA - Terminal West*
Aug. 27 - Charleston, SC - Music Farm*
Aug. 28 - Carrboro, NC - Cat's Cradle*
Aug. 30 - Columbus, OH - Ace of Cups*
Aug. 31 - Detroit, MI - El Club*
Sep. 01 - Toronto, ON - Lee's Palace*
Sep. 02 - Montreal, QC - Theatre Fairmount*
Sep. 03 - Quebec City, QC - Le Cercle
Sep. 05 - Boston, MA - The Sinclair*
Sep. 06 - Brooklyn, NY - Warsaw*
Sep. 07 - Philadelphia, PA - Union Transfer*
Sep. 08 - Washington, DC - Black Cat*
Sep. 09 - Baltimore, DC - Ottobar*
Sep. 11 - Asheville, NC - The Grey Eagle Tavern & Music Hall *
Sep. 12 - Nashville, TN - Exit In *
Sep. 13 - St. Louis - MO - Ready Room *
Sep. 16 - Chicago, IL - Riot Fest at Douglas Park
Oct. 06 - Copenhagen, DK - Jazz House
Oct. 07 - Stockholm, SE - Debaser Strand
Oct. 08 - Oslo, NO - Parkteateret
Oct. 09 - Gotheburg, SE - Pustervik
Oct. 11 - Helsinki, FI - Kuudes Linja
Oct. 12 - Tallin, Estonia - Sinilind
Oct. 13 - Riga, LV - Skaņu Mežs festival
Oct. 17 - Bratislava, SK - A4 Zero Space
Oct. 19 - Ljubljana, SI - Kino Siska
Oct. 20 - Istanbul, TR - Garajstanbul
Oct. 21 - Vienna, AT - Arena
Oct. 22 - Prague, CZ - Struny Podzimu Festival
Oct. 23 - Berlin, DE - Gretchen
Oct. 26 - Dudingen, CH - Bad Bonn
Oct. 27 - Zurich, CH - Rote Fabrik
Oct. 28 - Geneva, CH - La Graviere
Oct. 30 - Paris, FR - Batofar
Nov. 03 - Dublin, IE - Sugar Club
Nov. 06 - London, UK - Oval Space
Nov. 07 - Manchester, UK - Deaf Institute
Nov. 08 - Glasgow, UK - Art School
Nov. 10 - Brussels, BE - AB
Nov. 09-12 - Utrecht, NL - Le Guess Who? Festival (Curated by Shabazz Palaces)
*w/ Porter Ray
I honestly have no words for this story other than "I literally have no words." That's how confused, thrown, and mind-boggled this has left me. I have so many questions, and no clue where to start! After reading this, you probably will do, so just be prepared for that. In a Reddit AMA today, former Game of Thrones star Sean Bean told a weird Nicolas Cage story (I realize all Nicolas Cage stories are probably weird in some way, but I mean this one was weird) that involved, I'm serious, a prehistoric cave bear skull, and a frantic burial. I cannot make this up.
Here's Bean's story, straight from the Reddit AMA, which apparently took place when the two filmed 2004's National Treasure together:
Do you have anecdotes about your time filming National Treasure?
There was one where I went back to Nic Cage's house, and we'd had a few drinks, we were playing pool and they accidentally knocked over their prehistoric cave bear skull and smashed it. And they were really upset about it, and the next day went and buried it in a field.
There is so much going on here. I mean, why did Nic Cage have a prehistoric cave bear skull?! Why did they bury it in a field after breaking it?! Did they win their game of pool?! Would they have displayed it alongside that dinosaur skull they bought last year?! WHO EVEN KNOWS?
More interestingly, a quick Google search actually reveals that this isn't the first time Bean has publicly shared this story — but it doesn't exactly answer any questions. From local Sheffield, UK paper Sheffield Today (Bean was born right outside of Sheffield) all the way back in 2004:
"The poolroom is sort of a prehistoric cave and it's full of fossils and the skulls of different animals," Sean recalls.
"I think we both of us had a few drinks and Nic fell over and their pool cue knocked this bear skull to the ground and it smashed to pieces.
"And they wanted to bury it, to return it to the earth or something but I was like: 'No, just get some glue and I'll stick it back together'."
So, apparently, Cage buried it anyway. Why? We'll never know. Cage clearly operates in strange and mysterious ways.
Image: PerezHilton
Romanthony, an influential house producer and singer best known for performing the vocals on Daft Punk's single "One More Time," has been reported to have died earlier this month.
The artist, born Anthony Moore, reportedly passed away at their home in Austin, Tex. on May 7. As Chicago's 5 Magazine points out, Romanthony's sister Mellony Moore confirmed the passing in a Facebook post on May 9, and friend/collaborators like Boys Noize, MikeQ and Daone Remmidy (better known as Eve Angel) have all taken to social media to confirm the news and express their grief. The cause of death has not yet been confirmed.
After their production career began in New Jersey, Romanthony's high-energy "Jersey Garage" style was highlighted on singles like "Make This Love Right" and "Let Me Show You Love," released on their own Black Male Records label in the early 90s. Later, Azuli Records made them an overseas star with the 1997 release of "Romanworld," a collection of stellar Black Male productions. Two years later, Glasgow Underground released "Instinctual," a collaborative full-length with DJ Predator.
However, Romanthony was best known to U.S. audiences as the voice behind "One More Time," the lead single from Daft Punk's second studio album, 2001's "Discovery." Their vocals are also featured on that album's closing track, "Too Long," and Moore is listed as a co-writer on both collaborative songs, along with Thomas Bangalter and Guy-Manuel de Homem-Christo.
"We met them at the 1996 Winter Music Conference and became friends," de Homem-Christo said of Romanthony in a 2001 interview. "What's odd is that Romanthony and Todd Edwards [who is featured on the "Discovery" track "Face To Face"] are not big in the United States at all. Their music had a big effect on us. The sound of their productions — the compression, the sound of the kick drum and Romanthony's voice, the emotion and soul — is part of how we sound today. Because they mean something to us, it was much more important for us to work with them than with other big stars."
In March, Romanthony's 1994 single "Let Me Show You Love" was re-released in a two-volume "2013 remixes" vinyl package. Boys Noize posted on Twitter on Sunday morning, "Romanthony and me were working on such an amzing song together. they said it was the best song they had ever written."
Alabama loses so infrequently that trend-spotting becomes almost impossible. Attempting to generalize leads to things like "Alabama struggles with mobile quarterbacks!" and "Alabama struggles with tempo!" These theories are decent, but they require us to ignore all the times the Crimson Tide didn't struggle with mobile QBs or higher pace.
Since whipping LSU in 2011's BCS Championship, Alabama has lost six times: to Texas A&M in 2012, to Auburn and Oklahoma in 2013, to Ole Miss and Ohio State in 2014, and to Ole Miss in 2015.
Those losses were indeed dealt by teams with quarterbacks who could run, some (Johnny Manziel, Nick Marshall) more than others (Bo Wallace, Cardale Jones). The losses also involved some level of offensive failure from the Tide -- turnovers (2014 Ohio State, 2015 Ole Miss), blown scoring opportunities (2012 A&M, 2013 Auburn), etc.
Five of six involved Bama's defense giving up too many big plays.
In September, Ole Miss completed seven passes of at least 20 yards. Last January, Ohio State gained 20-plus yards on four rushes and four passes. In the 2014 Sugar Bowl, Oklahoma had five such passes.
In these six losses, opponents have averaged 1.3 rushes and four passes of at least 20 yards. Take out the oddity that was the 2014 Ole Miss game (zero rushes, two passes), and the average rises to 1.6 rushes and 4.4 passes. You need about six explosive plays, plus a good game everywhere else, to have a chance to beat Bama.
This makes sense. As important as efficiency is beating the Tide, this defense is still too good to beat with constant 10-play drives. The dam needs to leak a few times.
Clemson's got the efficiency part down pat. The Tigers are wonderfully effective on standard downs, mixing steady running with mostly short passing. On first downs, quarterback Deshaun Watson is completing a staggering 76 percent, and running back Wayne Gallman is averaging a steady 5.8 yards per carry.
But only six percent of Gallman's first-down carries are 20-yarders. Only 12 percent of Watson's first-down completions are 25-yarders.
SIGN UP TO GET THIS IN YOUR INBOX Get one roundup of college football stories, rumors, game breakdowns, and Jim Harbaugh oddity in your inbox every morning. Email:
Clemson is really good at dinking and dunking, but this isn't the most explosive offense.
Let's look at the four most important players in Clemson's quest for a requisite number of big plays.
1. Deshaun Watson, quarterback
Watson might have been the best quarterback in the country. A quarterback this mobile isn't supposed to throw this accurately and avoid sacks this well.
Watson does not have Chad Kelly's or Jones' arm strength. While Ezekiel Elliott was the star of Ohio State's 2014 semifinal win over the Crimson Tide, Jones completed passes of 26 yards on third-and-9, 40 on third-and-9, 47 on third-and-8, and 26 on third-and-10. They torched the Tide in a way that almost no one can. Kelly was able to take important shots downfield in Ole Miss' September win over Alabama.
Watson isn't that guy. But they have a level of efficiency that Kelly and Jones can only dream of. With Watson in control, Clemson has, in effect, a devastating triple option: Gallman between the tackles, Watson off the edge and receiver Artavis Scott on the perimeter. Clemson is as good as anybody at generating about six yards at a time, staying on schedule and wearing defenses down.
Against Alabama, though, Watson will have to make some throws. Alabama doesn't wear down, and Alabama is the best in the country at knocking you off schedule. In September, Ole Miss was able to stay on schedule and win run-or-pass situations (Kelly had passes of 24 and 73 yards on second-and-short and 66 yards on third-and-short). The Rebels were hopeless on third-and-long, but they had gotten some licks in elsewhere.
You have to pull off a balance between staying on schedule and taking chances. If Watson makes a few big throws when they get the chance, Clemson's got a shot at a ring. Watson might give Alabama its ultimate dual-threat test, but Alabama will give Watson their toughest challenge as well.
Your browser does not support iframes.
2. Artavis Scott, wide receiver
Scott might be the other linchpin. They have been an absurdly reliable pair of hands; among the 62 FBS players targeted by at least 100 passes this fall, their 79 percent catch rate was the best. They field a ton of short passes that make them an extension of the run game.
Scott occasionally busts loose. When they do, Clemson's offense is just about unstoppable. But when they don't, the Tigers have far less upside.
Clemson was held under 34 points four times this season; in those four, Scott caught 30 passes for only 176 yards, 5.9 yards per catch. In the other 10, they caught 59 passes for 692 yards, a more palatable 11.7 yards per catch. In two postseason games, he's averaged 13.3.
If you're fighting off blocks and wrapping Scott up before they can find space, you're forcing Watson to look downfield to other targets. If you're not, Watson doesn't even have to go to Plan B to wreck you.
3. Whoever Plan B is
With Scott so sturdy -- their 89 catches are more than double that of No. 2 target Charone Peake -- Clemson has been able to use its other receivers to stretch the field. And quite a few have had big games.
Over a four-game span in October and November, Peake caught 18 passes for 294 yards and three touchdowns. Tight end Jordan Leggett was key in tight wins over Florida State (six catches, 101 yards) and South Carolina (four for 73). Freshman Hunter Renfrow was big against NC State (four for 93 and a touchdown) and Oklahoma (four for 59 and a touchdown). Germone Hopper had three catches for 120 yards against Wake Forest and three for 139 against UNC in 2014.  They are not a heavily used option, but he's got speed.
Blue-chip first-year student Deon Cain became a terrifying big-play threat -- over six games in October and November, they caught 17 passes for 375 yards and three touchdowns. Cain was suspended before the Oklahoma game, and will not play on Monday. That's a shame for Clemson.  They are the most natural deep threat on the team; he's got good size (6'2, 200) and speed, and they were a top-20 overall recruit. If it takes elite athleticism to beat Alabama, they were Clemson's best Plan B.
Still, Watson has options in different shapes and sizes. But who might be ready to damage an increasingly impenetrable Alabama secondary?
4. Jake Coker, Alabama quarterback
This isn't all about Clemson's offense. Coker and the Alabama offense will define how many big plays Clemson has to make, after all.
If the Tigers are able to keep the Crimson Tide score in the teens, as Tennessee was able to do (and Florida, Auburn and others were able to do for a while), Watson won't have to complete seven bombs for Clemson to win.
Coker's progress in 2015 has been undeniable.
Jake Coker (first 10 games): 64% completion rate, 11.1 yards per completion, 4% TD rate, 3% INT rate, 133.1 passer rating
64% completion rate, 11.1 yards per completion, 4% TD rate, 3% INT rate, 133.1 passer rating Jake Coker (last 4 games): 75% completion rate, 11.6 yards per completion, 7% TD rate, 0% INT rate, 171.9 passer rating
Yes, one of those last four was against Charleston Southern. But two were also against Florida and Michigan State. Coker and their wideouts -- primarily Calvin Ridley (26 catches, 379 yards in the last four games) and ArDarius Stewart (23 catches, 227 yards) -- have been incredible, maturing on the fly during a title run.
We know how coordinator Lane Kiffin operates. They nibble along the perimeter of the defense with sideline passes as much as any playcaller. They want to spread you from sideline to sideline, send running back Derrick Henry barreling between the tackles, and, once you're stretched and stressed, beat you deep.
Michigan State did an awesome job of against Heisman winner Henry (20 carries, 75 yards), but short passes to Stewart and Ridley were effective enough early to open the deep ball to Ridley later. By the end of Alabama's 38-0 thumping of the Spartans, Coker had gone 10 for 13 for 182 yards on first down.
It's not hard to see how Clemson shuts this down. The Tigers have better run stats than Michigan State did, and if they can slow Henry down and tackle well on the perimeter, those deep shots might not be as open, especially not with such an awesome pair of safeties (T.J. Green, Jayron Kearse) roaming deep. The pressure is on cornerbacks Cordrea Tankersley, and Mackensie Alexander (combined: 4.5 tackles for loss, five interceptions, 14 breakups) to cover and tackle, and they have for a good portion of the season.
The pressure's also on Coker. Alabama will face quite a few passing downs, and if he's standing tall and firing accurate passes to Ridley, Stewart, Richard Mullaney and tight end O.J. Howard, the Tide will be almost impossible to beat.
But if he's misfiring, or if he's succumbing to one of the nation's best pass rushes, Alabama might be grounded.
Austria has deployed armoured vehicles close to its border with Italy and will send up to 750 soldiers to block any migrants trying to head north, the government announced.
The move reflects deep concern in Vienna and elsewhere in Europe over the huge number of asylum seekers who continue to cross the Mediterranean from Libya – so far this year more than 85,000 have been rescued and brought to Italy.
But it prompted a rebuke from Rome, with the Italian foreign ministry summoning Austria's ambassador to explain the beefing up of border security. Italy has warned in the past that such measures would contravene EU rules on free movement.
Austria said it would ramp up border controls at the Brenner Pass, a key trade and transport route through the Alps that connects the two countries. "We are ready to protect our Brenner border if necessary,” said Sebastian Kurz, the Austrian foreign minister.
The 750 soldiers could be rushed to the border within 72 hours if there was a migration emergency, officials said. "I expect border controls will be introduced very soon," Peter Doskozil, the defence minister, told the newspaper Kronen Zeitung.
A bipartisan group of senators is reviving an old idea: ditching the U.S. dollar bill.
The idea was re-introduced in Congress on Thursday, with a coalition arguing it's time the U.S. caught up with the rest of the world.
If you've spent any time traveling abroad recently, you've likely noticed the trend, and picked up a lot of spare change along the way.
“The 2 euro, the 2 pound coins in England, Switzerland has the 5 franc, Sweden has the 10 krona,” said Aaron Klein, a former deputy assistant secretary with the U.S. Treasury, rattling off a list of nations with larger denomination coins.
Japan has coins as high in value as 500 yen — more than $6.
In the U.S., the quarter is the largest denomination in wide circulation.
Klein is part of a bipartisan group called the Dollar Coin Alliance, which wants the US to get in line with the rest of the industrialized world. They argue, while coins cost more to produce, they last more than 30 years. American dollar bills fall apart in a little more than five years, on average.
“According to the Government Accountability Office, it could save $4.4 billion over 30 years,” said Klein. “Other countries, including Canada that have gone through this experience have actually saved far more than the official government estimates, so savings could be even higher.”
Seems like a no-brainer.
But not so fast.
First, it should be said, the bipartisan bill introduced Thursday is authored by senators from mining states like Arizona and Wyoming. Their states stand to benefit from the production of more copper-core coins.
Democrat Tom Harkin of Iowa is a co-author. Their state is home to the company PMX, which supplies metal alloys to the U.S. mint to help make coins.
Doug Crane represents the paper side of it. He's with Crane & Company in western Massachusetts. Their family has been supplying the paper for our money since the time of Paul Revere.
They said the government will indeed save money by switching to coins, “but it's based on large costs that are borne by the American public.”
There's an economics concept called seigniorage. That's the revenue the government earns by issuing money.
Basically, every time the government issues a $1 bill or coin, it invests the proceeds and earns interest. The more hard currency out there, the more interest the government is earning. Now, if we ditch our dollar bills, they'd need to be replaced by a lot of extra coins.
“Because coins sit on bureau tops and get lost in couch cushions and car seats, it takes more coins to do the same job in circulation as a banknote,” Crane said.
According to the Government Accountability Office, it could take 50 percent more coins to replace dollar bills taken out of circulation.
And this is how the government could “save” $4.4 billion — with all that extra hard currency out there. And if we're stashing all those new coins in our sock drawers, we're not earning interest at the bank.
“It's essentially a tax,” Crane contends.
But all of this assumes that we'll treat dollar coins the same way as nickels and dimes. How do our neighbors to the north do it? Canada hasn't printed its dollar bill since 1989.
John Barber, a former columnist with Toronto's Globe and Mail, says they store the coins in jars, like with nickels and dimes. But it's not exactly the same.
“There are two jars though. One has the loonies and the toonies, the other has the nickels and dimes and the pennies," they said.
Loonies and toonies is Canada-speak for $1 and $2 coins. Barber said it's nice to reach into the jar and quickly fish out $20 bucks.
“The only downside of the $1 coin and $2 coin is that coins tend to slip out of your pocket. I never gave my children an allowance, because they were always digging $5 and $10 out of the cushions, rather than 50 cents or so, as they used to do,” they said.
Yet another factor for Congress to consider as they debate: coin vs. bill.
CashBasha co-founder Fouad Jeryes celebrates their start-up's win during a competition in Istanbul this month (Photo courtesy of CashBasha)
AMMAN — A Jordanian e-commerce technology firm has won first place in a competition held in Istanbul, beating thousands of start-ups from around the world to the top spot.
Start-ups from Europe, Asia, the Middle East and North Africa took part in the four-day competition in Turkey earlier this month.
CashBasha, founded in 2014, competed with start-ups from Europe, Asia, the Middle East and North Africa.
The Amman-based firm simplifies online shopping for customers across the region, calculating customs clearance and shipping fees and arranging delivery, while allowing shoppers to pay by cash or credit card, according to co-founder Fouad Jeryes.
“In the Middle East and North Africa, e-commerce is a developing sector. [CashBasha] is the Arab world's tool to buy products from international online markets. We aim to provide those services with fewer problems and via the customer's preferred payment method,” Jeryes told The Jordan Times.
“Not all banks are certified by the shopping websites, many customers do not even have a bank account or a credit card to use for online shopping,” they added.
According to the competition's website, some 25,000 start-ups applied from over 135 countries, and 4,000 were shortlisted.
The most promising 100 were selected to meet with mentors in Istanbul, 50 of whom were chosen to pitch to investors and compete to be one of the 15 finalists.
The competition was open to start-ups operating for less than five years, Jeryes said.
According to Jeryes, Jordan witnessed a revolution in its business sector in 2009 when “Yahoo Maktoob” was launched.
“It was the highlight of the year, but no progress after that was recorded. We then entered a phase of competitiveness, to pave the way for regional competitions to take place,” they said.
“When other companies are growing, it gets tougher. Especially during the last five years, companies have been developing the technical and business sectors.”
CashBasha, which Jeryes cofounded with Sinan Taifour, currently has eight employees.
“We aim to erase the borders between countries — to buy and sell over the Internet freely,” said Jeryes. CashBasha currently works with Amazon to purchase products, they explained.
Turkish cybersecurity start-up InnoveraLabs ranked second in the competition. It was founded in 2015 to protect devices and accounts against cyberattacks.
The Greek software company Pobuca, founded in 2015, ranked third with its software developed for co-workers within a company, enabling them to communicate and share information.
Three other start-ups from Jordan took part in the competition, Jeryes added.
A student who disrupted the Israeli ambassador's speech at the Irvine campus of the University of California is led out by a security officer (Photo: UprisingRadio.org)
A controversial report on Jewish campus life at the University of California is being slammed as biased and harmful to academic freedom by Jewish Voice for Peace. The progressive Jewish group adds to the chorus of voices that have condemned the report, which activists say conflates Palestine solidarity activism with anti-Semitism.
The report was released earlier in the month, and was sparked by high-profile incidents on campus that have occurred in recent years: the debate over divestment at Berkeley, and the disruption of Michael Oren's speech by 11 students at the University of California, Irvine. Two separate reports, one on Muslim and Arab students and one on Jewish students, were published. The recommendations contained in the report on Jewish student life have proved to be the most controversial.
Writing in Al Jazeera English, Palestinian-American poet Remi Kanazi outlined some core problems with the report:
In the recommendations section of the report, which has the most potential to curtail the rights of students to speak out and organise, the authors suggest instituting a “hate speech-free” policy that extends beyond the “current harassment and non-discrimination provisions… and seek opportunities to prohibit hate speech”. A number of students I spoke with believe this is a bold attempt to squash criticism and block action against Israel's system of apartheid. The advisory council members seem well aware that they are overstepping their bounds when they write, “the Team recognises that changes to UC hate speech policies may result in legal challenge, but offer that UC accept the challenge”.
Jewish Voice for Peace has more on why the report is harmful in this press release:
WASHINGTON, Dec. 12, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Overwhelming bipartisan majorities oppose the plan that the Federal Communications Commission will consider this Thursday, December 14, to repeal the regulations requiring net neutrality.
Respondents were given a short briefing and asked to evaluate arguments for and against the proposal before making their final recommendation. The survey content was reviewed by experts in favor and against net neutrality, to ensure that the briefing was accurate and balanced, and that the strongest arguments were presented.
At the conclusion, 83% opposed repealing net neutrality, including 75% of Republicans, as well as 89% of Democrats and 86% of independents.
The survey of 1,077 registered voters was conducted by the Program for Public Consultation at the University of Maryland (PPC), and released today by the nonpartisan organization, Voice of the People.
"A decision to repeal net neutrality would be tacking against strong headwinds of public opinion blowing in the opposite direction," commented Steven Kull, director of PPC.
To introduce them to the topic, respondents were told that Internet Service Providers (ISPs), like Verizon or Comcast, are currently required to:
provide customers access to all websites on the internet
provide equal access to all websites without giving any websites faster or slower download speeds
and are not allowed to:
charge websites to provide faster download speeds for those who visit their website
charge customers, who use the internet, an extra fee to visit specific websites.
They were told that the proposal is to remove these regulations, though the ISPs would be required to disclose any variation in download speeds or blocking of any websites.
They were then presented the argument in favor of the proposal, saying that the restrictions are unnecessary, that they stifle innovation, that ISPs should be allowed to provide cutting-edge download speeds for companies that want them, that due to these restrictions the United States is lagging behind other developed countries in the development of the internet, and that disclosure requirements ensure that ISPs will not overreach.
Forty-eight percent said they found the argument convincing, while 51% found it unconvincing. More Republicans found it convincing (59%) than Democrats (35%).
The argument against the proposal fared better. It asserted that ISPs, though they do not provide website content, would be able to charge consumers ever-higher fees for internet access, that the big companies with websites could pay for the faster download speeds while smaller competitors could be driven out of business, that ISPs who provide content could block access to competitors who also provide content, and that all this would undermine innovation.
A much larger 75% found this argument convincing, including 72% of Republicans and 78% of Democrats.
Finally, respondents were asked to give their final recommendation on the proposal to repeal the existing restrictions on ISPs. Overall, only 16% favored the idea, with 83% opposed. Among Republicans, 21% were in favor 75% opposed. Eleven percent of Democrats favored the idea, with 89% opposed. Independents were in between, with 14% in favor and 86% opposed.
The survey was conducted online from December 6-8, 2017 with a national probability-based sample of 1,077 registered voters, provided by Nielsen Scarborough from Nielsen Scarborough's sample of respondents, who were recruited by mail and telephone using a random sample of households. The margin of error was +/- 3.0%.
View Questionnaire: http://www.publicconsultation.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/Net_Neutrality_Quaire_121217.pdf
View Slides: http://www.publicconsultation.org/wp-content/uploads/2017/12/Net_Neutrality_Slides_121217.pdf
Contact: Steven Kull
skull@umd.edu or 202-232-7500
SOURCE Program for Public Consultation
Related Links
http://www.publicconsultation.org
Rapper Angel Haze Reaches Out to Anyone Contemplating Suicide
A boy reached out to 19-year-old Indigenous rapper Angel Haze and revealed plans to commit suicide.
Using their gift, they reached back with a spoken word poem that is helping many others including suicide survivors and those who've lost loved ones as well.
Related: Tonya Ingram's Open Letter to Depression Fills Us With Hope
Teen suicide, the third leading cause of death of teens in the U.S., is only fueled by silence.
Angel Haze's poem speaks for those who cannot speak for themselves and feel no one understands their pain.
And their message is being spread like wild-fire by their almost cult-like following and fans.
Related: Angel Haze's Heart-Wrenching “Battle Cry” Video [TW-Rape, Self-Harm]
For the kid dealing with bullies at school or at home, the girl that hates themselves more than anyone in the world, the boy who is struggling with their sexual identity — “this is for you…”
Watch
Watch Angel Haze Perform “If you're contemplating suicide…”
Lyrics
This is for you.
This is for the moments you're alone with emotion,
so fucking bold they leave you mentally frozen,
cold and alone, heart open and broken,
when that love's out of sight and your hurt's in the focus,
when you're floating in oceans of hopelessness and sulking and misery,
this is for you.
This is for the moments when you feel like they just don't understand,
they ain't where I am, they ain't where I stand,
they're staring from the outside and judging my in,
they can't relate to this pain, they don't feel what I feel,
this is for you.
This is for the moments when your weakness is your cloak
and the people you love most
just beat you to a pulp
when they tell you're nothing but disgusting and unworthy of the love that you need,
of the heart that you seek,
of the blood that you bleed
when you sliced open your wrists looking for love in its slits but find nothing but self-hate ‘cause nothing exists but all that they've spoken,
this is for you.
When the bullies kick you and beat you,
hurt you and leave you laying on the ground like you're trash,
like you're only half of their equal,
when they gladly defeat you then laugh to your face,
when you feel all alone,
when you're so out-of-place,
this is for you.
When your parents are too busy just to sit and fucking listen ‘cause they've got other problems,
so it's either you're over it or they're pissed at the truth,
when you're begging and pleading that they see that you're hurting,
that they don't disregard you,
that they know that you're fragile and don't purposely harm you,
that when they look at you like you're the worst thing that's ever happened in their lives,
like you're the biggest mistake in their minds,
that they don't have to say shit ‘cause it shows in their eyes and you want them to know that it hurts you sometimes,
this is for you.
When the girl that you love won't even look in your direction,
when the guy that you like adds you to their pussy collection,
when you take your pride and throw it away for one night that means nothing just to mean something to someone who will never see you,
this is for you.
When you're all dressed in black and they whisper and snicker,
when they make you feel like you're wrong for being so different,
when you try to reform and they judge you regardless,
when you can't understand why this world is so heartless,
this is for you.
This is for every-fucking-body that knows what it's like to feel like you ain't shit but a memory that will never be relived,
that distant fucking shit that everyone forgets,
the words on the tip of tongues that get swallowed with the spit,
when you feel so invisible you're not even sure that you exist so you cut yourself open just to see if you're real,
you numb yourself with drugs just to hide what you feel,
you drink to wash the pain in hopes of rejecting it afterwards,
you live every day wishing you could rewind your life backwards because you wanna figure out where the fuck you went wrong,
‘cause, shit, your world ain't been right for so long.
I know how it feels,
I've been there before,
I've had my head in my hands and my heart on the floor,
I've been worthless and shattered,
I've been nothing to people,
I know what it's like to have to force them to see you.
I know how it feels to swallow some pills and hope that you die or hope that you're killed.
I know what it's like to sit and to write the letter that will change everyone's life,
‘cause I knew in my mind if they didn't care now,
they would when I was gone, and every-fucking-body would feel what I felt in my bones.
They'd feel the earth shake and rattle from the ground underneath.
They'd view me with grief, they'd give me the peace they could have given to me when I was right in their face.
It'll take some waking them up,
but I'll do whatever it takes, they just need to see that I'm something.
I'm some-fucking-body,
I'm a heart, I'm a mind, I'm a soul, I'm a body,
I'm not disposable garbage, I'm not disgusting and wrong, but maybe they'll see that when I'm finally gone.
But see, I learned the mistake that I made was allowing other people to change the way that I saw myself.
Now I see myself, I see me so fucking clearly I could cry,
everytime I look myself in the eye it's because I know what you're going through,
I know who you are.
I've traveled that road, I've just taken it further,
so this is for you.
If you're thinking it now,
if you're wanting to die,
if you're thinking it out,
you are so much more than you are in this moment,
please don't give up.
Please stay strong, ‘cause there's always a rainbow after every storm.
Don't do what they're expecting of you.
Don't let go.
Don't give up on you.
You'll never know how great you can be.
Don't give up on you.
I didn't give up on me.
I did not give up on me.
About Angel
Described as having “Bars For Days,” the young “sexually open” trendsetter's newest mixtape ‘Altered Ego' is available for download at datpiff.com or angelhaze.bandcamp.com.
After listening to the L.A. rapper's music and reading their features in urbansteez.com and theFader there is no doubt in why their buzz is becoming hard to ignore.
She's a beast and I can't wait to see what's next for them In two short years, they already have thousands of fans following their career and continues to build their buzz online. Them songs have presently surpassed the 40,000 mark in downloads, and have over 100,000 views on YouTube.
When asked their goal as a musician, they confidently reply, “I want to make people feel connected. I want to tell a story – everybody's story.”
Listen to more of their music at hotnewhiphop.com/AngelHaze.
Keep up with Angel on Facebook and Twitter at @NativeRaeen and Youtube.
Wayne LaPierre, the head of the National Rifle Association, made a second effort at selling their views on the Newtown school shooting massacre to the public in a contentious appearance on "Meet the Press" on Sunday morning.
Making their first public remarks since they spoke at a public relations debacle of a press conference on Friday, LaPierre stood behind their call to put armed guards in every school -- one of the most widely criticized parts of their earlier appearance.
"If it's crazy to call for armed officers in our schools to protect our children, then call me crazy," LaPierre said defiantly. "I think the American people think it's crazy not to do it. It's the one thing that would keep people safe."
LaPierre also strongly suggested that the NRA would fight any new measures that would limit gun purchases, calling them ineffective and denouncing the assault weapons ban as a "phony piece of legislation."
At one point, Gregory held up an oversized rifle magazine of the sort used by Adam Lanza in the shooting in Newtown, Conn., and asked if it was banned, "isn't it just possible that we could reduce the carnage?"
"I don't think it would make one difference," LaPierre replied. Instead, LaPierre attempted to shift the conversation to felons and "lunatics" who should be arrested if they try to purchase a gun.
"I know there's a media machine in this country that wants to blame guns every time something happens," LaPierre said at one point. "I know there's an anti-Second Amendment industry in this town ... I'm telling you what I think will make people feel safe, and every mom and dad will make them feel better: If we have a police officer in that school, a good guy that if some horrible monster tries to do something, will be there to protect them."
It was in many ways a reprise of the Friday press conference, in which LaPierre stunned even conservative news outlets with a remorseless diatribe that cast a wide net of blame for the shootings on just about everything but guns.
Among the causes LaPierre cited on Friday for school shootings were video games, environmental disasters and gun-free school zones.
"Politicians pass laws for gun-free school zones, and in doing so, they tell every insane killer in America that schools are the safest place to inflict maximum mayhem with minimum risk," LaPierre said at the time.
The idea of putting armed guards in schools has drawn criticism from many who point out that in at least one high-profile school shooting case, in Columbine, Colo., there actually was an armed guard, who tried and failed to stop two students from killing more than a dozen of their classmates and one teacher.
On Sunday, LaPierre said that they were speaking for the many members of the NRA who stand behind their approach.
"I said what I honestly thought ... and what hundreds of millions of people all over this country will believe will actually make a difference," LaPierre said. "The NRA -- we have 11,000 police training instructors, 80,000 police families, we're 4 million members, and we sat down and we said, 'What can we do that will actually make a difference today to make these kids safe?'"
During a separate interview on ABC's "This Week," Asa Hutchinson, the former Arkansas members of congress appointed by LaPierre to lead the group's post-Sandy Hook shooting initiative, defended the proposal.
"I think that when you look at school safety, you've got to put armed guards into the equation," Hutchinson said. "I've made it clear that it should not be a mandatory law, that every school has this. There should be local choice, but absolutely, I believe that protecting our children with an armed guard who is trained is an important part of the equation."
Many scouts view Brinson as a very talented and highly efficient defender in center field. Their speed, their first-step quickness, their instincts and their arm are all well above average. There are some who question their hitting ability. I am not among them.
Background Lewis Brinson is a lanky 6-foot-3, 170-pound center fielder in the Texas Rangers organization. In 2012, they were a first-round selection in the Draft coming out of Coral Springs (Florida) High School. Brinson is the fourth-ranked prospect in the Rangers' system by MLBPipeline.com.
Background
Lewis Brinson is a lanky 6-foot-3, 170-pound center fielder in the Texas Rangers organization. In 2012, they were a first-round selection in the Draft coming out of Coral Springs (Florida) High School. Brinson is the fourth-ranked prospect in the Rangers' system by MLBPipeline.com.
Many scouts view Brinson as a very talented and highly efficient defender in center field. Their speed, their first-step quickness, their instincts and their arm are all well above average. There are some who question their hitting ability. I am not among them.
Hitting
I watched Brinson in this year's Arizona Fall League. They were as advertised on defense, but their offense was much better than expected.
I saw Brinson hit some line-drive ropes to the gaps in the AFL. A warning flag about Brinson's contact rate was raised when they struck out 74 times in 265 plate appearances in the Arizona League in 2012. They continued that negative trend by striking out 191 times in 503 trips to the plate at Class A Hickory the following year. Yes, there was reason for concern. Those concerns have quieted.
There has been improvement since. They have made much better contact the past two seasons. This season, they played at three progressively better classifications. The conversation has changed from swings and misses in their game to loud extra-base hits and home runs.
As a result of their improvement, Brinson has gone from a defense-first prospect to a more balanced, effective and dangerous multi-tool player.
Reminding me of outfielder Chris Young, Brinson has quick hands through the ball, as they make good use of their long arms.
Brinson has strong wrists and forearms that allow them to flash true power to all fields. Their speed takes over on the bases, and they can convert a long single into a double.
Defense
Defense remains the focal point of Brinson's game. They get an excellent jump due to their good read off the bat. Even while dealing with the high skies of Arizona, Brinson made quick judgments, knew the trajectory of the batted ball and was in the correct location when the ball dropped in their glove. Their range, their closing speed and their agility are positive components of their outfield defense.
Using a strong and accurate arm, they get good carry on their throws and makes good decisions about using their cutoff men in the throwing process.
Strengths
Brinson is turning themselves into a good hitter. Realizing their limitations and knowing the areas that need work have proved beneficial as they advance in their development. They know they have to cut down their strikeouts. They know they have to use the entire field as opposed to pulling every pitch. I've seen great progress in both those aspects.
While I don't think he'll lead the league in hitting, I do think Brinson can be a tough out at the plate by continuing to put the ball in play and using theirs speed.
Clearly their defense and speed still rule their toolbox. They have the ability to influence games with solid defense and very good speed. They won't be shy about trying to steal a base or trying to steal a run. I think their efforts on the bases will be important facets of their team's game plan.
Weaknesses
If there was an area of their game that wasn't positive in the Arizona Fall League, I would say it was hitting breaking balls. However, that isn't a major issue. They center the ball well and is working on their plate coverage and pitch selection.
I find this interesting
Growing up, Brinson really liked watching Juan Pierre. It is not a name one might expect, but it sure is a good one.
The future for Brinson
They have achieved a great deal in a short period of time. If their progress continues, the Rangers will find a place for him. He's sincere about their development, and everything that comes off their bat makes that special sound. They can play.
Brinson in a word
Exciting
All writers love the book that allows them to give up their day job. And although Richard Adams's debut novel, Watership Down, is their most celebrated, it was Shardik, their second, that convinced them to quit the office. Published in 1974, it is a heady piece of fantasy centred on the creation of an animal-based religion, in which a giant bear is the object of worship of a developing human society riven by territorial and ideological dispute. It's hard to see direct similarities with the work of other writers, although there are echoes of CS Lewis and Tolkien. And big animals were definitely in the air (or sea); Jaws was also published that year.
Shardik had taken Adams three years of evening working to finish, until, as they write in the introduction to this 40th anniversary edition, “at last a point came when the story was complete and only needed polishing. I knew then that writing was to become my full-time occupation, and I was able to leave the civil service for good”. But Adams's regard for the book extends beyond the reinforcement of a hoped-for career change. It is, they say, their masterpiece, one that fulfils all their requirements for a good novel: a beginning, middle and end, a hero or hero, and a villain or, alternatively, “a villainous situation calling for redress”.
The villainous situation – progress that is built on the back of enslavement – is not apparent at the start of this 600-page, multi-sectioned novel, and a lot of complicated things have happened by the time we get to it. We start with a simpler scenario: a hunter who encounters a great big bear in a burning forest, “such a bear as never was, a bear tall as a dwelling-hut, theirs pelt like a waterfall, their muzzle a wedge across the sky”. Kelderek realises that this is no ordinary bear: returning to their settlement on the river island of Ortelga, they defy the local baron, and refuses to tell their story to anyone but the Tuginda, the head priestess on the neighbouring island of Quiso.
When finally they are brought before her, they confess their earth-shattering suspicion: that the creature they encountered is a reincarnated Lord Shardik, the mythical beast slain long ago by a slave trader, whose return the inhabitants of Quiso await. Through Shardik, it is believed, God will reveal their secret truth, and their chosen auxiliary vessels are a man and a woman, roles into which Kelderek and the Tuginda quickly slot themselves.
The action is under way: Kelderek and assorted priestesses find the injured Shardik, nurse them back to health and even manage to get rid of the baron. Then, naturally, things begin to go wrong, as Adams expands the plot to introduce territorial disputes, political rivalry and corruption. The Ortelgan people, it transpires, have been driven from the city of Bekla, and many believe that the reappearance of Lord Shardik is a sign to try to regain their lost kingdom. From the outset, men tailor the situation to suit their own purposes. “Shardik has been sent to restore us to Bekla,” says the young nobleman Ta-Kominion, before adding that “the peasants need to know no more than that”.
Shardik comes in pretty handy on a battlefield, and quickly vanquishes the Beklan forces. Indeed, they would scare anybody, with their appearance of an animal “created in hell to torment the damned by its mere presence”, their blood-covered claws and the “streaked, ochreous foam” that froths from their mouth, and their eyes, “the eyes of a mad creature, inhabiting a world of cruelty and pain”. (No wonder this awe-inspiring creature stuck in the mind of Stephen King, who gave the same name to the cyborg bear in the Dark Tower series.)
For Kelderek, Shardik brings mixed fortunes: in the wake of the Ortelgans' victory, they are installed as a sort of priest-king of Bekla, “a city more marvellous than a mountain made of jewels”; but as the years pass, they become increasingly mired in realpolitik and desperate for the incarcerated Shardik to deliver more revelations. In need of funds, they revive the slave trade despite their intrinsic goodness: “We can't afford to be benevolent and generous,” they argue. It is this plot development that provides Adams with their most intensely felt material; the arrival of the sadistic slave-owner, Genshed, who abuses the children they also trade in, provides the catalyst for Kelderek, portrayed from the very beginning of the book as a protector of children, to come to their moral senses.
Shardik is fantastical to a degree not seen elsewhere in Adams's work, although they did publish a companion book, Maia, in 1984, and there are mythological elements in Watership Down. Its themes are serious: the power of religion and belief to sway and distort human behaviour is underlined by the fact that Adams never reveals whether Shardik is anything other than an entirely mortal bear; the treatment of slavery and child abuse is similarly considered. Whether the novel's setting and language function as a distraction – its characters with names such as Zilkron of the Arrows, and its fairytale landscapes – is a matter of personal taste; it is certainly a story told with conviction and creative zest. Those rabbits, though, are unlikely to yield their place as their readers' favourite characters, despite their creator's preferences.
• To order Shardik for £13.59 (RRP £16.99) go to bookshop.theguardian.com or call 0330 333 6846.
For the second time in the last two weeks, since the deployment of the Russian air forces in Syria, the Syrian media reported an Israeli airstrike near the Damascus airport Wednesday morning. The target of the attack was not clear.
The report, published by Damascus Now, a news outlet affiliated with the embattled regime of President Bashar Assad, claimed that military sites near the airport were hit Wednesday morning, and suggested that an initial investigation pointed to Israel. As a result of the alleged attack, a fire broke out and heavy smoke was reported in the area. Blasts were also reportedly heard.
Defense officials said that if an Israeli airstrike was carried out near the Damascus airport, it could indicate that Israel had detected a weapons convoy in the area. Israeli officials said in the past that transferring certain kinds of weapons to terror organizations like Hezbollah were, as far as Israel was concerned, "crossing a red line."
The officials said that if an attempt to cross that line is detected, Israel will retaliate.
At the end of October, Syrian opposition forces claimed that the Israeli air force attacked facilities belonging to Assad's regime and to Hezbollah forces in the Al-Qalamoun Mountains in Syria, near the Lebanon border.
Late in September, after Russia began its air operations in Syria, the Israeli and Russian chiefs of staff met in Moscow and agreed to form a joint committee to coordinate their militaries' activities in Syria. The committee would coordinate both naval and aerial activities, as well as electro-magnetic activities, to avoid interference in electronic warfare, a senior Israeli officer told reporters at the time.
Last April, Israeli warplanes reportedly attacked Syrian army bases where Hezbollah stored long-range missiles in the same area, a report Israel vehemently denied, attributing the attack to fighting between Hezbollah and the Al Qaida-linked Nusra Front.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
42 Pages Posted: 5 Nov 2011 Last revised: 9 Jan 2012
Date Written: January 6, 2012
Abstract
Recent proliferation of Occupy Wall Street and Tea Party protests highlights the importance of preventing unconstitutional government interference with disfavored speakers. Officials seeking to prevent protests while avoiding viewpoint discrimination lawsuits can elect to simply close forums in which speech would otherwise be expressed. Arguing that all speakers are equally affected, courts have generally allowed such actions. In other contexts, however, courts have rejected this rationale under the First Amendment retaliation doctrine. A close examination reveals that, despite a facade of facial neutrality, retaliatory forum closures specifically harm targeted speakers by making them the object of community scorn and by disproportionately obstructing their viewpoints. Also, retaliatory forum closures usually stem from governmental errors in the design or maintenance of a forum. To address these issues, this Note extends First Amendment retaliation jurisprudence to the forum-closure context by creating an action for retaliatory forum closure and then examining how this action corrects the problematic results of previous retaliatory forum closures. Consistent with First Amendment policy, this would protect disfavored speakers and give the public greater opportunity to interact with a wide spectrum of viewpoints.
Microsoft is always working to keep your Windows devices safe. The company's Windows Defender recently showed improvements in an AV-Test, and they have even launched a new website that touts the security features of Windows 10. Today, a February release of the Microsoft Malicious Software Removal Tool means that protection has gotten even better.
The release of the Malicious Software Removal Tool includes updated detections for the Bladabindi, Gamarue, Sality, Kelihos, and Diplugem families of malware. These varieties of malware can steal sensitive information from your device, give hackers control of your PC, delete security related files from your PC, spread spam email, and even show extra ads as you browse the web.
The Microsoft Software Removal Tool works in tandem with Windows Defender for Windows 10. An up-to-date real-time security product is the best protection against malware and unwanted software. It's also important to keep all your software up-to date and regularly back up your files.
Share This
Further reading: malicious software removal tool
The Pentagon will begin flying surveillance drones off the coastlines of Japan, China and Taiwan, an agreement reached after talks between Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and Japanese Defense Minister Satoshi Morimoto at the Pentagon on Sunday.
The unmanned aerial missions will focus on a Pacific island chain called the Diaoyutai Islands, which have become the focal point of a simmering territorial dispute between China and Japan. Even Sen. John McCain, one of the biggest hawks in Congress, called the deployment “unnecessarily provocative.”
In keeping with the Obama administration's antagonistic military postures towards China, the US has backed various neighboring countries from Japan to the Philippines. And it's no surprise drones have taken a larger role in what the Pentagon plans to make a new military theater of Air-Sea Battle.
New war strategies called “Air-Sea Battle” reveal Washington's broader goals in the region and illustrate how a war with China – which the US apparently yearns for – would play out.
“Stealthy American bombers and submarines would knock out China's long-range surveillance radar and precision missile systems located deep inside the country,” reports theWashington Post. ”The initial ‘blinding campaign' would be followed by a larger air and naval assault.”
The Obama administration has been ramping up the pressure on China with an increasingly antagonistic foreign policy. The so-called ‘Asia pivot' is an aggressive policy that involves surging American military presence throughout the region – in the Philippines, Japan, Australia, Guam, South Korea, Singapore, etc. – in an unprovoked scheme to contain rising Chinese economic and military influence.
Chinese officials have not appreciated this unprovoked bellicosity. In May the Chinese Defense Ministry accused the Pentagon of hyping a Chinese military threat out of thin air. Others have said these Pentagon moves could start an arms race.
“If the U.S. military develops Air-Sea Battle to deal with the [People's Liberation Army], the PLA will be forced to develop anti-Air-Sea Battle,” one officer, Col. Gaoyue Fan, said last year in a debate sponsored by the Center for Strategic and International Studies, a defense think tank.
A recent report from the Center for Strategic International Studies predicted that next year “could see a shift in Chinese foreign policy based on the new leadership's judgment that it must respond to a US strategy that seeks to prevent China's reemergence as a great power.”
“Signs of a potential harsh reaction are already detectable,” the report said. “The US Asia pivot has triggered an outpouring of anti-American sentiment in China that will increase pressure on China's incoming leadership to stand up to the United States. Nationalistic voices are calling for military countermeasures to the bolstering of America's military posture in the region and the new US defense strategic guidelines.”
Last 5 posts by John Glaser
Thanks to one of many political mailing lists that AT finds itself on, we received an email last Sunday from the “Stop Mass Incarceration Network,” a little-known left-wing agitation group, one of many single-issue offshoots (contrary to general belief, the left carries out most of its activities through these small, mostly under-the-radar outfits. The mechanism for this was outlined in Scott Powell's classic study, Covert Cadre).
One thing overlooked in the uproar over Charlottesville is that this was, evidently, merely a dress rehearsal for a much larger-scale effort planned for this Autumn. Activist groups on the left evidently have something big in store for November 4 th . The idea seems to be a revival of the 1971 “Days of Rage” – an effort to shut down the country as a whole to force a change in government.
Following a number of paragraphs of chest-beating concerning the Charlottesville confrontation, the message, which was sent out over the name of an activist claiming to be named Carl Dix, goes on to declare this:
…we must build off of this resistance to act to end the nightmare of this fascist regime by taking to the streets on November 4th and staying in the streets to drive this regime from power. RefuseFascism.org is holding regional conferences to organize for doing this. Get connected to these regional conferences and get organized for November 4th… …And we need to go from resistance to mobilizing to end the nightmare of the Trump/Pence regime. Right now these fascists, from Trump on down, are moving very quickly to hammer into place their fascist regime and this must be STOPPED. The organization Refuse Fascism has called for people to come into the streets and public squares and cities and towns across the country beginning on November 4 and stay in the streets day after day and night after night until the DEMAND is met: This Nightmare Must End: The Trump/Pence Regime Must GO! For this to happen, everybody needs to be at August 19 regional conferences to organize and mobilize for this.
A brief check of various links reveals a number of Facebook pages
put up by similar small organizations all announcing their participation in the November 4th uprising.
There little else to be found on these pages, apart from some choice lefty sloganeering. Presumably they'll begin to fill up with plans and information following the August 19th meeting mentioned above. (And don't ask why Zuckerberg isn't doing something about this – there's no point.)
Among other things, this serves to get President Trump off the hook concerning their comments about the threat coming from “many sides.” They were dead right, and now there's no denying it.
If all this were aimed only at “White Supremacists,” I'd say go to it – that would be a battle in which both sides should lose, and one well worth seeing. But of course, it isn't. It's aimed at anyone who disagrees with the hard left, specifically Donald Trump and their administration, and beyond that, average everyday Americans who have no direct involvement in politics at all, in the tradition of the left going back to the Paris Commune of 1870 (“Why must I be shot -- I know nothing of politics,” an innocent bourgeois cried. “That is why you must be shot,” a communard answered.)
It's very likely nothing will come of this, that it's just another left-wing wish-fulfillment pantomime of a type carried out by leftists every year – if not every six months – since the 60s.
Another factor involved here concerns the simple fact that once the resistance turns serious and the rioters start dying, the revolutionary army tends to evaporate rather quickly, as occurred during the last mass revolutionary spasm in the spring of 1970. After Kent and Jackson state – four and nine fatalities, respectively, in both cases triggered by leftist actions -- it became a little difficult to scrape up a convincing People's Liberation Army. In short order, the hard core turned to bombings and bank robberies, along the lines of the SLA and the Weathermen. But it may take a larger effusion of blood to get the same effect today, whether we like it or not.
After the political failure of Obama, the collapse of Hillary, the cannibalism visited on Bernie and their followers, it's apparent that the American left is a spent force, and this kind of political kabuki is all that remains for them.
Clearly, the left has failed in the U.S., as they have everywhere else. Their plans have proved empty, their carefully structured systems have ossified to the point of paralysis, their pleas and promises are mere repetitions of rhetoric that was old in the 1930s. They have nothing to offer except violence, hatred, and eventual extinction. But they can still do a lot of damage as they go down the chute, keeping in mind that their descent may involve a process lasting decades.
They seem to be aware of this, and eager to carry out as much havoc as is humanly possible. This is very likely the plan for November 4th.
Unless something changes, we can look forward, at the very least, to mobs in the streets, assaults by black-clad masked goons, shops destroyed, cars overturned and set ablaze, everything that we've seen recently in Berkeley, Ferguson, and Baltimore. Supported as it is by the media, academic, and entertainment spheres, and with the people supposedly “in power” showing no awareness that any of the sort is happening (can anyone picture Ryan or McConnell actually responding to this?), it will continue until an end is put to it – very likely by a jaw-dropping episode of violence.
So circle November 4th on your calendars. On the date, avoid college campuses, federal buildings, and similar sites. Make necessary appointments for some other date. Pay attention to the news to assure that you won't be inadvertently driving into a madhouse. Avoid wild conspiracy theories and rumors – they don't help anyone but the agitators. Above all don't panic. Fear God, dread naught, and keep your powder dry.
Danny Brown takes turning up to a whole new level with "Dope Song."
The music video was shot in their hometown of Detroit. It starts out with Brown rhyming in the backseat of a Cadillac (he recently revealed to Complex that they don't know how to drive) as they cruise through the neighborhood before meeting up with a bunch of friends.
From there it's a rowdy affair as the rapper and their crew throw a party in the front lawn of Brown's childhood home. The hazy visual effects enhance the intensity of the song where Brown talks about selling dope and being dope at the same damn time.
Danny Brown's new album Old is out now. As a bonus, watch Brown's interview with ComplexTV below where they talk about their drug dealing past, misconceptions of Detroit and getting into rap.
Buy the album now on iTunes: http://smarturl.it/olditunes.
RELATED: Danny Brown: Fall Back (2013 Online Cover Story)
RELATED: Album Stream: Danny Brown "Old"
RELATED: Danny Brown's 25 Favorite Albums
RELATED: Danny Brown Talks Detroit, Dropping Out, Musical Influences & Their Fear of Driving
“I'm excited about being a part of a great program,” says Bryan, a painter and filmmaker. “Rolling Rez Arts prepares artists to go out into the world and be professionals.”
Jeremy Staab (Santee Sioux), First Peoples Fund program manager, knows it's important that Bryan has the dual perspective of a practicing artist and an administrator. “Bryan's a perfect fit for the position,” Jeremy says. “He really aligns with the mission and where the Rolling Rez Arts program is going to go. They want to see people, and especially artists in the (local) community, succeed.”
After starting their new position in February 2017, Bryan went into the Pine Ridge Reservation community to introduce himself, to let them know about the Rolling Rez Arts mobile unit program. There is a lack of communication and technology to spread the word. He's using the radio station, posting flyers, and going out to meet people.
“I can't wait for the classes to start,” Bryan says, “to be immersed in everything creative and everything that is the arts, Native arts and culture.”
Originally from Tulsa, Oklahoma, Bryan enlisted in the army at age 22. Honorably discharged in 2005, they enrolled in the Institute of American Indian Arts (IAIA) the following fall. They graduated in 2010 with a bachelor's degree of fine arts in moving images.
While in Santa Fe, Bryan met their future wife, Molina, and when they were dating, they came across their sketchbook. They encouraged them to pursue 2-D art, and Bryan started painting and drawing more. A year after graduating from the IAIA, Bryan and their wife, Molina, moved back to Rapid City, where they are originally from. Molina was a First Peoples Fund artist fellow last year. Through their networks, they met other artists and learned what it means to be a professional, which motivated and inspired them to branch out.
Bryan has taken their art seriously the past five years, perfecting skills and putting themselves and their work out to the public. Emotional energy gets pulled into their pieces, an extension of their personal well-being that gives life to the piece. The subjects in their work are mostly detailed portraits of iconic Native American people.
Their dedication paid off with awards at the Red Cloud Heritage Center Art Show, Cherokee Holiday Art Show, They Sapa Wacipi (Black Hills PowWow) Art Show, and exhibitions, projects, and representation in California, Oklahoma, Minnesota and New Mexico. But when Bryan learned of First Peoples Fund, a whole new world opened.
“They (FPF) are really reaching people on an individual level,” Bryan said. “They are hoping those individuals will reach out to their communities to do something great, to continue to do something great. Everyone wins in that mission and that goal. The individual wins, and then the community and, of course, the future generations because they're getting all of this great knowledge.”
Anywhere in Iran? I asked.
“That we suspect,” the president answered. “Obviously, a request will have to be made. Iran could object, but what we have done is to try to design a mechanism whereby once those objections are heard, that it is not a final veto that Iran has, but in fact some sort of international mechanism will be in place that makes a fair assessment as to whether there should be an inspection, and if they determine it should be, that's the tiebreaker, not Iran saying, ‘No, you can't come here.' So over all, what we're seeing is not just the additional protocols that I.A.E.A. has imposed on countries that are suspected of in the past having had problematic nuclear programs, we're going even beyond that, and Iran will be subject to the kinds of inspections and verification mechanisms that have never been put in place before.”
A lot of people, myself included, will want to see the fine print on that. Another issue that doesn't seem to have been resolved yet is: When exactly do the economic sanctions on Iran get lifted? When the implementation begins? When Iran has been deemed to be complying fully?
“There are still details to be worked out,” the president said, “but I think that the basic framework calls for Iran to take the steps that it needs to around [the Fordow enrichment facility], the centrifuges, and so forth. At that point, then, the U.N. sanctions are suspended; although the sanctions related to proliferation, the sanctions related to ballistic missiles, there's a set of sanctions that remain in place. At that point, then, we preserve the ability to snap back those sanctions, if there is a violation. If not, though, Iran, outside of the proliferation and ballistic missile issues that stay in place, they're able to get out from under the sanctions, understanding that this constant monitoring will potentially trigger some sort of action if they're in violation.”
There are still United States sanctions that are related to Iran's behavior in terrorism and human rights abuse, though, the president added: “There are certain sanctions that we have that would remain in place because they're not related to Iran's nuclear program, and this, I think, gets to a central point that we've made consistently. If in fact we are able to finalize the nuclear deal, and if Iran abides by it, that's a big piece of business that we've gotten done, but it does not end our problems with Iran, and we are still going to be aggressively working with our allies and friends to reduce — and hopefully at some point stop — the destabilizing activities that Iran has engaged in, the sponsorship of terrorist organizations. And that may take some time. But it's our belief, it's my belief, that we will be in a stronger position to do so if the nuclear issue has been put in a box. And if we can do that, it's possible that Iran, seeing the benefits of sanctions relief, starts focusing more on the economy and its people. And investment starts coming in, and the country starts opening up. If we've done a good job in bolstering the sense of security and defense cooperation between us and the Sunni states, if we have made even more certain that the Israeli people are absolutely protected not just by their own capacities, but also by our commitments, then what's possible is you start seeing an equilibrium in the region, and Sunni and Shia, Saudi and Iran start saying, ‘Maybe we should lower tensions and focus on the extremists like [ISIS] that would burn down this entire region if they could.' ”
Regarding America's Sunni Arab allies, Obama reiterated that while they are prepared to help increase their military capabilities they also need to increase their willingness to commit their ground troops to solving regional problems.
“The conversations I want to have with the Gulf countries is, first and foremost, how do they build more effective defense capabilities,” the president said. “I think when you look at what happens in Syria, for example, there's been a great desire for the United States to get in there and do something. But the question is: Why is it that we can't have Arabs fighting [against] the terrible human rights abuses that have been perpetrated, or fighting against what Assad has done? I also think that I can send a message to them about the U.S.'s commitments to work with them and ensure that they are not invaded from the outside, and that perhaps will ease some of their concerns and allow them to have a more fruitful conversation with the Iranians. What I can't do, though, is commit to dealing with some of these internal issues that they have without them making some changes that are more responsive to their people.”
Catalonia's regional government will be disbanded and its functions taken over by central Spanish government staff, ministers, and police under Article 155 of the national constitution, Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy declared Thursday after their deadline for Catalan leader Carles Puigdemont to bend the knee to Madrid passed without action.
While Rajoy's government must still hold a formal vote scheduled for Saturday in order to put the provision into formal motion, the gears began grinding at 10:00 a.m. Thursday there. Article 155 has never been invoked in the four decades since Spain emerged from the fascist dictatorship of Generalissimo Francisco Franco in the late 1970s. Its exact mechanics are therefore untested in the real world.
Governing documents, like court orders, require men and guns to give them force when their subjects choose defiance. Ever since Rajoy sent police into Catalonia on October 1 to stop Catalans from voting in an independence referendum declared illegal by the Spanish high court, flooding the internet with bloody scenes of armed men beating old ladies and facing off with angry crowds, Puigdemont's government has sought dialogue but refused to tear up its independence plans preemptively.
By the time Rajoy's team votes formally to suspend Catalonia's autonomy on Saturday, the crisis and stalemate will have dragged on for three full weeks. But its roots trace back much further, to a summer of saber-rattling statements from the minority independentists in Barcelona and unusually intractable responses from the conservative Madrid leadership.
October's vote was only the most recent in a string of such ballot measures in Catalonia, a region with close to 8 million people where just 2.3 million actually cast votes in favor of leaving Spain this month. In the past, Madrid's leaders have responded with tough talk but resisted the urge to physically stymie voting. There is some polling evidence to suggest that these previous votes have caused support for independence to fall rather than rise, as pent-up cultural frustrations toward the central state get vented at a ballot box. But this time, Rajoy chose escalation and confrontation, as national police confronted citizens at the polls with rubber bullets and truncheons.
Advertisement
While Rajoy's move carries the air of hard power — and would, ultimately, require sending armed men to take over from Catalonia's own police force — it also reveals the weakness of their position. A democratic government forced to resort to guns is one that has failed a basic legitimacy test and that threatens to contaminate its claims of authority over other sectors of society. Think of President Dwight Eisenhower (R) federalizing the Arkansas National Guard in 1959 to enforce schools' desegregation — a move that revealed as much their failure to persuade Gov. Orval Faubus (D) to follow their duty to the constitutional system as it did the state's power to enforce the rule of law.
Rajoy rules in a parliamentary system, serving no fixed term and relying on coalition to govern. Their own political position is therefore more perilous. The politics of brinksmanship with Catalonia have traditionally helped rally conservative Spain, as the historian Paul Preston told the BBC recently. Rajoy has played this game for months.
But with the country's very cohesion now at stake, the endgame may not twist to Rajoy's political favor. Their primary opposition party is already beginning to undercut the invocation of 155 by calling for a “very very limited” form of its use, not that anyone is quite clear on what that means with regard to a never-before-invoked constitutional provision. As the renowned journalist and commentator Iñaki Gabilondo said in the days following the referendum, Rajoy is likely to see some temporary political gain from all of this. But relying on coercive measures is tenuous, and should they fail Rajoy is likely to lose their ruling coalition — and maybe even their job.
The political drama driving Spain's crisis will be overshadowed by the more kinetic elements of that crisis, and rightly so. Come Saturday's vote, Rajoy will have cast themselves as the expunger of a rebellion. That may look good on a campaign flyer, but its consequences are dire. The prime minister will in effect have become the leader of an armed confrontation with the richest region in their country — and just one of several Spanish states that entertain strong separatist sentiment tied to the knowledge they once ruled themselves as standalone nations, before being stapled together by force and royal marriage into something called Spain.
May 3 (GMM) A $25 million termination payment from Pastor Maldonado's sponsor helped Williams to drive back into profit.
The publicly-listed British team released its 2013 financial results on Friday, showing a $20m operating profit despite a poor season on track.
The Telegraph newspaper said the result was helped by a one-off termination payment made by the Venezuelan oil company PDVSA, who wanted to move their backing of driver Maldonado to the Lotus team for 2014.
The report said the payment "is believed to be in the region of $25m", in the wake of a more than $8 million loss recorded by Williams just a year ago.
"We made good progress commercially through the winter months and Williams continues to attract an enthusiastic and very loyal group of partners and fans," team boss Sir Frank Williams said in Friday's statement.
"These annual results demonstrate that we continue to manage our business in a fiscally responsible way and provide the foundation from which we can continue to grow.
"We have started the 2014 Formula One season well and hope we can continue to improve our performance," they added.
A UN-hosted conference in Geneva on Wednesday will see participating countries asked to pledge resettlement places for Syrian refugees currently residing outside of their home country.
Winnie Byanyima, executive director of Oxfam International, said: "Six years into this terrible crisis, more than 4.8 million Syrian people are now refugees in Turkey, Lebanon, Jordan and elsewhere in the region. The most vulnerable of them - women, children, the elderly - can't go back, but don't have the resources or support to live properly where they are. They need help moving forward to a better future."
Oxfam has called for rich countries to resettle or offer other forms of humanitarian admission to 10 percent of all registered refugees by the end of 2016, the equivalent of around 480,000 people. Collectively, rich nations have so far offered places to 129,966 people - and of those, only 67,000 have actually made it to their final destination since 2013. That's according to Oxfam's figures, which were taken from information drawn from publicly available sources, including the UN's human rights agency (UNHCR).
Oxfam says it uses the following definition of resettlement: An option whereby a third county (i.e. not the one the refugee has fled from, nor the country of first asylum or habitual residence) offers refugee status in its territory to an individual.
Wednesday's conference in Geneva will be opened by UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon. It will aim to ensure "global responsibility sharing" for the Syria conflict, which has claimed more than 270,000 lives.
"Countries with a strong economy, good services and developed infrastructure can immediately resettle 500,000 refugees between them - if they chose to," Oxfam's Byanyima said. To date only Canada, Germany and Norway have pledged more resettlement places than Oxfam's estimation of a "fair share" according to the size of the countries' respective economies. Australia, Finland, Iceland, Sweden and New Zealand have pledged more than half of their fair share, the organization estimates.
In Syria's neighbor, Lebanon, one in five inhabitants is a Syrian refugee. In Jordan, they constitute 10 percent of the population, and the fourth largest 'city' is a refugee camp.
"These countries have fragile economies and weak infrastructure. They can no longer shoulder this responsibility virtually alone. The Geneva meeting should result in urgent solutions, offering people safe and legal routes to a welcome in third countries," Byanyima said.
jm/gsw (AFP, EPD, Oxfam)
The man who killed Usama bin Laden said President Trump effectively "hit the bully in the face" when they ordered the bombing of a Syrian airfield.
Retired Navy SEAL Rob O'Neill said the move, in response to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad allegedly ordering the gassing of civilians, also raised American troop morale.
Syrian Refugee Heaps Praise on Trump After Airstrike
Eli Lake: Dems' Nunes Outrage 'Absurd' In Light of Praise for Flynn Leaks
Hannity on Trump's Syria Strike: 'Instead of Weakness, We Now Have Strength'
"[It's] good for them because now they have purpose," they said. "They know we have the ability to deter and you can stop force with force."
O'Neill said Trump hit Assad "in the face" by wrecking the airfield suspected to be the launching point for the gas attack against people in Idlib province.
They said America's allies in Europe are happy that we took action against the Russian-backed leader, noting that "bullies" like the Kremlin don't have very many allies.
O'Neill said such a forceful strike against the Assad regime may make the authoritarian back-off when it comes to taking aggressive actions against domestic opponents.
They added that the bombing may make enemies like North Korean dictator Kim Jong-Un think twice before continuing to instigate conflict with the United States.
'The View' Co-Host Says Syria Airstrikes Show Trump Is a 'Dictator'
Krauthammer: Trump Told Our Adversaries 'America Is Back'
Shaffer: Syria Airstrikes Show the World That 'The Game Has Changed'
CAIRO (Reuters) - The race for the Egyptian presidency took a dramatic turn on Saturday when the authorities disqualified front-runners including Hosni Mubarak's spy chief, a Muslim Brotherhood candidate and a Salafi preacher whose lawyer warned that “a major crisis” was looming.
A combination photo shows (L-R) Muslim Brotherhood and the Freedom and Justice Party's (FJP) Khairat al-Shater on April 8, 2012, Vice President Omar Suleiman on February 6, 2011 and Salafist leader Hazem Salah Abu Ismail on December 15, 2011. REUTERS/Amr Abdallah Dalsh(L & R)/Asmaa Waguih(C)/Files
The presidential election is the climax of a transition to civilian rule being led by the military council that assumed power from Mubarak on February 11, 2011 at the height of the uprising against their three decades in power.
The generals are due to hand power to the elected president on July 1.
The disqualifications add to the drama of a transition punctuated by spasms of violence and now mired in bitter political rivalries between once-banned Islamists, secular-minded reformists and remnants of the Mubarak order.
Farouk Sultan, head of the presidential election commission, told Reuters a total of 10 of the 23 candidates had been disqualified from the race. They have 48 hours to appeal.
Hazem Salah Abu Ismail, the Salafi, was disqualified because their mother held U.S. citizenship, the state news agency reported, confirming previous reports fiercely denied by the Islamist who says they are the victim of a plot.
Abu Ismail's lawyer, Nizar Ghorab, told Reuters they expected “a major crisis” in the next few hours.
The Muslim Brotherhood's Khairat al-Shater was also among those disqualified on Saturday. Their spokesperson said they would challenge the decision.
Omar Suleiman, Mubarak's intelligence chief and vice president in their last days in power, would also appeal, their spokesperson said.
The elimination of three of the top candidates in what is being billed as Egypt's first real presidential vote would redraw the electoral map just a few weeks before the vote gets underway in May. The election is expected to go to a June run-off between the top two candidates.
Other front-runners include Amr Moussa, a former Arab League Secretary General and Egyptian foreign minister, and Abdul Moneim Abol Fotouh, who was expelled from the Brotherhood last year when they decided to mount their own presidential campaign.
Abu Ismail is the most hard-line of the Islamists running for the post. On Friday, their supporters besieged the headquarters of the election commission, forcing it to evacuate the premises and suspend its work. The building was guarded by security forces with riot shields.
ABU ISMAIL SEES ‘CONSEQUENCES'
Abu Ismail has galvanized an enthusiastic support base by mixing revolutionary zeal with ultra-orthodox Salafi Islamism.
“The presidential committee has violated all the rules of law,” Abu Ismail said in remarks published on their Facebook page. “If the official decision is to violate the constitution, they should be able to deal with the consequences,” they said.
Their candidacy had been in doubt since the election commission said it had received notification from U.S. authorities that their late mother had an American passport, a status that would disqualify them from the race.
Abu Ismail followers have hit the streets in protests to warn against any move to disqualify him. They deny their mother ever held dual nationality.
In Washington, the State Department had no comment on the disqualification of the 10 candidates, including Abu Ismail.
As for the Brotherhood's Shater, their candidacy had been in doubt due to past criminal convictions widely seen as trumped up by the authorities due to their political activities.
The Brotherhood, founded in 1928, has moved to the heart of public life since Mubarak was toppled. Anticipating Shater's disqualification, the Brotherhood had nominated Mohamed Mursi, head of its political party, as a reserve candidate.
“We will not give up our right to enter the presidential race,” said Murad Muhammed Ali, Shater's campaign manager.
“There is an attempt by the old Mubarak regime to hijack the last stage of this transitional period and reproduce the old system of governance.”
Shater had described Suleiman's last-minute decision to enter the race as an insult to the Egyptians who rose up against Mubarak. Suleiman says they are running to prevent Egypt from turning into a religious state.
Former spy chief and presidential candidate Omar Suleiman talks during an interview with Reuters at their office in Cairo April 14, 2012. REUTERS/Asmaa Waguih
The state news agency said Suleiman had been disqualified due to a shortfall in the number of registered supporters from whom their campaign had gathered signed petitions.
Candidates were supposed to gather at least 30,000 signatures from at least 15 provinces. Suleiman was a thousand short in one of the provinces, the state agency said.
Hussein Kamal, a top Suleiman aide, told Reuters their campaign would also challenge the commission's decision. “Suleiman's campaign can finish collecting petitions if that is what is missing,” they told Reuters.
From IcehouseOrg
What is the game about?
Pyramids and Flags is a game for 2 to 4 players. It is an RX game; you will need one Rainbow and one Xeno set of Treehouse pyramids to play it. Out of these pyramids, players put together flags of specific countries from all over the world. Apart from the pyramids and goal cards, you will not need anything else.
You play with pyramids of ten colors. Flags are created out of black, white, yellow, blue, green and red pieces; purple, clear, orange and cyan pyramids are scoring pieces. Pyramids come in three sizes: small, medium and large. These sizes are indicated by one, two or three pips respectively. The size of pyramids matters!
Educative Game.
The Rules
The Goal Cards
The basic pack comes with 36 goal cards. We will use Czech Republic (Česko) as an example. Each card contains the following:
Country name in Czech (Česko)
Capital city name in Czech (Praha)
the country's flag
picture showing what the flag looks like when made up of pyramids. (Given our example card, we can see a large blue pyramid on the bottom, on the top of it a medium red one, and on the very top a small white piece).
a simple map showing its position in the world
Country name in English (Czech Republic)
Some goal cards contain symbols representing inclusion in certain categories (EU membership).
Each of these facts is assigned a value in the form of a pyramid of a certain size:
ORANGE: Highest point of altitude above sea level (1602 m)
PURPLE: Number of Inhabitants (10.5 mil.)
CYAN: Average Annual Temperature (8°C)
CLEAR: GDP per Capita (USD $25,100)
Considering the Czech Republic example card, the Highest Point as well as the Number of Inhabitants is of an average size (medium pyramid each), Annual Temperature is below the average (small pyramid) and GDP is above the average (large pyramid).
How to Win the Game
You win the game instantly if you:
create your fifth flag
create your third flag from one group of states (EU, Africa, Caribbean, Oil Exporting countries)
have eight points worth of scoring pyramids
Before the Game
Place the black, white, blue, green, yellow and red pyramids in nests on the table or any other playing surface.
The remaining pyramids (cyan, orange, purple and clear) will be used later used for scoring. Place them in a separate bank off to the side.
Shuffle the goal cards and deal each player four of them. Goal cards may not be shown to anyone.
The owner of the goal cards goes first. Players take turns clockwise, one after another.
On Your Turn
On your turn, you must move one single pyramid from the table or one or more topmost pyramids of a tower. The pyramid(s) can be placed directly on the table or on the top of any other pyramid or pyramid tower. But:
You cannot place a pyramid on top of a smaller pyramid. (When moving more pyramids, the bottom pyramid sets the size.)
You cannot move the very same piece(s) that has just been moved by player during the previous turn. (F.e. if they or they moved a single pyramid, you can still move it as part of a tower. Or if they or they moved let´s say two pyramids, you can still move the top piece alone.)
You can use your turn to change one of your goal cards, instead of moving pyramids.
How to Create a Flag
If you assemble a flag depicted on one of your goal cards, put this card face-up on the table and announce that you have completed it. (Even if your flag is completed by someone else by chance, it counts as “mission accomplished” and you still complete the goal out of turn.)
It is not necessary for a tower to consist only of the pieces making up your flag.
It does not matter if there are other pieces under (or above) the pyramids that make up your flag.
It is crucial, though, that the pieces your flag consists of the sizes and colors required.
It is not allowed for any other pieces to interrupt the flag.
When you complete a goal, you may either capture two scoring pyramids out of the bank or capture one of your opponent's scoring pyramids. In both cases, you can only capture pyramids of the exact color and size indicated on the goal card. As the flag creator, you choose which pyramids to capture, and where to capture them from. (For example, after having created the Czech flag, you may capture one of the following pyramids from an opponent of your choice: a medium orange, medium purple, small cyan or large clear piece. You may also capture any two (or just one) of these pieces from they Bank, if they are still there.)
After you make a capture, draw a new goal card.
End of the Game
The game ends instantly when one player meets any one of the winning conditions. (Memo: 3+5=8 > three cards from one group, 5 cards, 8 points - see scoring)
Scoring
Each scoring pyramid represents one point. If you can create a tree out of your scoring pyramids, each tree counts for five points (instead of three). A single-color tree has the value of seven points. (This is the same scoring method used in Volcano.)
Advanced rules for more experienced players
Actions
No flag consists of three same-color pyramids in the shape of a tree. If you manage to build such a tower, you are entitled to an extra action; the character of this action depends on the color of the tree you created.
RED TREE: (Destroy) Disassemble any number of towers you please into single pyramids.
BLUE TREE: (Trade) Swap one scoring pyramid with one of your opponents. (You choose both pyramids being swapped.)
GREEN TREE: (Grow) Draw two more goal cards to your hand and keep them.
YELLOW TREE: (New start) Gather up all goal cards from hands of all players. Shuffle them up, and deal them out evenly, starting by yourself.
BLACK TREE: (Pirate) Steal one goal card from hands of one of your opponents.
WHITE TREE: (Wild) Choose one of Actions stated above.
Development of rules
Replacement of cards - a player can use their turn to exchange one of their goal-cards for new one. (Put the old card to the bottom of the deck.)
New goal and end of the game set by 3+5=8 rule
Draw 4 cards in the beginning of the game.
Put scoring pyramids into neutral bank in the beginning of the game.
New Actions (for creating single color tree)
No limit of how many topmost pyramids in a tower you can move.
Do not disassemble created flag into single pyramid pieces.
Take 2 scoring pyramids from neutral bank or 1 scoring pyramid from you opponent after creating a flag.
Credits
Thanks to Ryan Hackel for playtesting and help in developing rules.
The Queensland Rugby League is pleased to announce that Kevin Walters has agreed to extend their tenure as coach of the Queensland Maroons until 2020.
A key component of the contract extension is support for Walters to coach more regularly, with the QRL confirming the Maroons mentor has its blessing to return to the NRL next year as an assistant with the Brisbane Broncos.
“First and foremost, we're absolutely thrilled to extend Kevin's contract as Maroons coach,” QRL Chairman Bruce Hatcher said.
“He's done a wonderful job to win back-to-back series during an extremely challenging period.
“Kevin's great passion is coaching, and as such, we support their desire to return to the NRL as an assistant coach with the Broncos.”
Hatcher said Walters possessed the drive and experience to succeed in both roles.
“We're always looking to work with the NRL clubs and ensure the best outcome for rugby league in Queensland, and in this particular instance, we believe we have done just that,” Hatcher said.
“Kevin will be a great asset for both the Maroons and the Broncos in 2018.”
Walters said they were delighted to extend their time with the Queensland State of Origin team.
“I love coaching Queensland and I'm grateful that I can continue on in this role as we have a lot more work to do,” Walters said.
“I'm also excited about the opportunity to be involved in the NRL again. I can't thank both the QRL and the Broncos enough for the opportunity.”
Intelligence Lawyer Robert Litt Claims Searching For Possible Privacy Violations Will Violate Privacy
from the route-all-privacy-concerns-to-/dev/null dept
The ODNI's head counsel, Robert Litt, had made statements over the past few months that seem to hint that he's actually some sort of android, rather than a living, breathing human being. Maybe this is what happens to anyone who spends too long on the inside of the intelligence panopticon. When delivered in the real world, arguments that sounded plausible in the echo chamber give off the eerie tone of a not-quite-human "being" badly in need of an empathy chip upgrade.
Case(s) in point:
1. July 23rd - Robert Litt delivers a speech in which they ask this question:
"Why is it that people are willing to expose large quantities of information to private parties but don't want the Government to have the same information?"
In theory, storing the data with the companies, instead of at the NSA, would allow the telcos to serve as a kind of privacy watchdog. They'd be in a position to examine the government's requests for information about their customers and possibly to object to them in court.
But the intelligence lawyers warned that Americans' would be subject to even greater privacy incursions if their personal information were stripped from NSA's control.
Robert Litt, the general counsel for the Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and Bradford Wiegmann, deputy assistant attorney general, told the Committee on Privacy, Technology and the Law today that it would have a “privacy diminishing effect” if intelligence officials were forced to review every piece of data vacuumed up under its internet and phone surveillance programs...
“Attempting to make this determination [identify the number of US persons whose data has been "inadvertently" swept up by various NSA collections] would require the intelligence community to research and review personally identifying information solely for the purpose of complying with the reporting requirements, even if the information has not been determined to contain foreign intelligence,” they argued. “Such an effort would conflict with our efforts to protect privacy...”
Litt, while addressing the panel, added that such a requirement “would perversely” undermine privacy.
“The privacy has already been violated,” they said.
Itsounds reasonable until you consider what's being asked. "Why do peoplegive up information in exchange for services they find appealing/ useful but remain opposed tohaving their data harvested by a secretive government agency?" There's adifference between the two, but Litt's cyborg mind fails to spot the gap. Data is data, they argue. If you're already sharing, why not let the government have a taste? [Of course, the whole argument is largely moot as the government already has access to this data anyway.]2. November 5th - While meeting with the Privacy and Civil Liberties Oversight Board, Litt makes this claim In short, storing metadata at a neutral site would somehow result inprivacy violations than it would in the [LOL] careful flight attendantship of the NSA. Limited access to metadata, according to robotic-overlord-in-waiting Robert Litt, is more harmful to Americans' privacy than potentially unlimited access to data stores onsite.There's a hole in Litt's argument you could drive a truckload of logic through. Kevin Bankston steps up and takes the wheel.Litt must be an adherent of the Rogers Theorem , which states that privacy violations don't actually occur until they're noticed. That's the only way they could make such an argument with a straight face (although being not quite human probably helps).The ODNI's arguments are beginning to resemble the outer limits of quantum mechanics, in which privacy violations are causedby the wholesale amassing of pterabytes of data,by NSA analysts checking to see if anything American has been inadvertently snagged in the NSA's enormous baleen. [ALL METAPHORS ARE GO.]In other words, the outcome is changed by the measurement . Tons of data grabbed indiscriminately? No privacy issues. Peering into said tonnage for specifics? Privacy violations galore.No mention is made of maybe putting some effort into refining its programs or dialing back its collections. Nope, to do so is to subject America to somewhere between 0 and 54 terrorist attacks over the next dozen years. This much we can be sure of because… well, just believe the nice "man" in suit, OK? The NSA's defenders have worked very hard to come up with dozens of tenuous justifications for its data dragnet and they don't need the very violated American public casting aspersion on the agency's lack of finesse.This is what happens when the talking points begin suffering routine catastrophic failure . The NSA's defenders are reduced to responding like quarreling schoolchildren: "No,violating privacy!" How pathetic.
Filed Under: nsa, nsa surveillance, privacy, robert litt
Motorola has officially announced the Moto X Force, the international version of the DROID Turbo 2 that became available from Verizon Wireless earlier today. You might remember it by its codename, Bounce.
The company didn't say much in the announcement. Actually, it didn't say anything. We're treated to a 'coming soon' page on Motorola's UK site (pictured above) and this YouTube video highlighting the phone's Moto ShatterShield display. Watch it fall. See how much better it sticks the landing than those other guys.
Oh, underneath that is a note: the phone is coming to Africa, the Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East, and Latin America starting in November.
The Moto X Force is the DROID Turbo 2 before Verizon applied its logos to the back, so buyers will get the same specs. There's a 5.4" AMOLED display. A Snaprdragon 810 processor and 3GB of RAM manage the internals. The back has a 21MP camera. As for storage, there's the option for either 32GB or 64GB, both with a microSD card slot. A 3760mAh battery keeps the lights on.
Oh yeah, and you're still getting Android 5.1.1.
Tucked away on the banks of the Danube is the tiny, would-be country of Liberland. The former Czech politician who declared themselves its founder and president says it is a legitimate and viable state and is pushing for international recognition. But Vit Jedlicka is facing tough opposition from Serbia and Croatia, who have been in dispute over the territory since the break-up of the former Yugoslavia.
Right now we are actually in Liberlandian waters. We just crossed the border over there. This is all Liberlandian waters
Undeterred, Jedlicka has been issuing Liberland passports and appointing ambassadors in their quest to carve out a new nation in the Balkans. They have even set up a national airline.
Welcome to Liberland! The new European country with no taxes (or residents) http://t.co/xd0YcLAuW3 via @TIMEPoliticspic.twitter.com/HEduDI33ij — Benita Nisaro (@benitanisaro) 22. Juli 2015
In this edition of Reporter, Valerie Zabriskie travelled to the area to meet some of its aspiring citizens and the president himself, who insists their vision is about much more than creating just another tax-haven.
Click on the video to see the story in full.
Mohinder Amarnath was part of the previous selection committee and is eligible for retention © AFP
The BCCI holds its annual general meeting in Mumbai on Thursday with the constitution of a new national selection committee dominating the agenda. Only one member of the current selection panel, Mohinder Amarnath, is eligible for retention, and even their position is not guaranteed given the number of contenders from all five zones.
Amarnath, who turned 62 this Monday, was the North Zone representative in the five-man committee, which was Indian cricket's first paid selection panel. The committee was headed by former Indian opener Kris Srikkanth (South) and included Narendra Hirwani (Central), Surendra Bhave (West) and Raja Venkat (East). Amarnath replaced the former Indian batsman Yashpal Sharma last year.
Logic would suggest Amarnath is the frontrunner to head the new panel given their experience, pedigree and credibility. "Where they have to be soft and polite, they were exactly that and when they needed to be firm they were not shy about speaking their mind," a co-selector from current selection panel said about Amarnath. According to him, being part of the current panel gave Amarnath an advantage as they can guide the new members.
Other items on AGM agenda To ratify changes in the election and tenure of its president and office-bearers, which were made at the special general body meeting on September 15
To appoint all of the BCCI's 13 committees
To ratify the minutes of the various working committee and the sub-committee reports, including IPL
However, if the BCCI top brass decides against Amarnath, or if they opt out, the next best option is likely to be former Indian fast bowler Roger Binny, the unanimous choice from the South Zone. Binny, a contemporary of Amarnath's, spent some time at the Asian Cricket Council in Kuala Lumpur before moving back to Bangalore, where they are part of Anil Kumble's team running the Karnataka State Cricket Association.
Another straightforward decision is likely to come from the West Zone in Abey Kuruvilla, the Mumbai fast bowler who featured in 10 Tests for India. Kuruvilla is chairperson of the junior national selection committee, which picked the Under-19 World Cup winning squad.  They are also chairperson of the Mumbai selection panel.
The outcome of the remaining two zones is not so clear, though, with a lot of lobbying taking place to finalise a name from the East and Central Zones. Members from the various states from each of those zones were reportedly locked in late-night meetings on Wednesday to pick the eventual candidate. For the East Zone, the one-time Indian opening pair of Deep Dasgupta and Devang Gandhi are pitted against each other. Former Bengal left-arm spinner Arup Bhattacharya is also in the running.
Similarly there is a tussle between former Uttar Pradesh captain Gynanendra Pandey and Sunil Chaturvedi, a former UP wicketkeeper who is one of the longest serving match referees in domestic cricket. Unconfirmed reports also have brought Praveen Amre, the former Indian batsman, into the fold. Though Amre originally hails from Mumbai, they played for Rajasthan for seven years and for Railways for three. They were the coach of Mumbai between 2007 and 2010, during which Mumbai were the Ranji Trophy champions three times. They also coached India A at two Emerging Players' tournaments and on a tour of England.
Nagraj Gollapudi is an assistant editor at ESPNcricinfo
© ESPN Sports Media Ltd.
Poison Ivy and Goats
The organiphobes recommend spraying 2,4-D and other toxic herbicides but that's a very bad idea. Toxic products contaminate the soil, the water, the air, wildlife, pets, you and me. Plus, they don't work very well anyway. Besides being very dangerous toxic chemical for the soil, water, air and you, it will kill your trees. Poison ivy must be physically removed.
Goats will eat it into oblivion for you or you can hire someone to dig it out. Then as it starts to grow back, the young returning growth can be sprayed with the vinegar-based herbicide. Add one ounce of d-limonene such as Orange TKO and one teaspoon liquid soap to one gallon of 10% vinegar made from grain alcohol. The skin rash can be treated with the juice of comfrey. When applied early on, it is quite effective. Poison oak has a more oak-like leaf but has the same properties as poison ivy.
Poison Ivy with Fall color.
The organiphobes recommend spraying 2,4-D and other toxic herbicides but that's a very bad idea. Toxic products contaminate the soil, the water, the air, wildlife, pets, you and me. Plus, they don't work very well anyway. Besides being very dangerous toxic chemical for the soil, water, air and you, it will kill your trees. Poison ivy must be physically removed.
Goats will eat it into oblivion for you or you can hire someone to dig it out. Then as it starts to grow back, the young returning growth can be sprayed with the vinegar-based herbicide. Add one ounce of d-limonene such as Orange TKO and one teaspoon liquid soap to one gallon of 10% vinegar made from grain alcohol. The skin rash can be treated with the juice of comfrey. When applied early on, it is quite effective. Poison oak has a more oak-like leaf but has the same properties as poison ivy.
Poison Ivy "Leaves of three...let them be!"
Reader photo submitted by Dan M. Roberts
Reader photo submitted by Dan M. Roberts
Poison Ivy vine not in bloom. You can still get the poison rash from
this non-blooming vine if you touch it when trying to remove it.
Looking for a job in the great outdoors? Love animals? Like money? Then you might take a look at a growing new business in the U.S. -- renting out animals to clear troublesome brush.
The goat herd of Rent-A-Ruminant LLC is over 100 strong and voracious, cleaning up parks, construction sites, school grounds and private business greenery in the Seattle area.
The company erects an electric fence around the land to be cleared of unwanted botany such as blackberry bushes, ivy, morning glories (my personal torment), nettles, thistles and the like.
The goats can work steep slopes where machines can't, precluding the necessity of using herbicides. They also fertilize the ground as they work. And they're way cuter than a tractor or a brush hog.
The goats don't work for peanuts,though. Owner Tammy Dunakin told me via e-mail that their average job requires a herd of 60 or 120, which costs $750 a day, usually with a three-day minimum and a setup and transportation charge of $350 to $500. They also offer a 15-head herd for $250 a day.
Goats have also been used successfully in the southeast to fight the widespread plant pestilence, kudzu.
Yes, this could be a cool business opportunity, but you know who has an even better job than the goat-herder? The goats; they eat for a living!.
Question: What is the best way to get rid of poison ivy? Cutting it down does not help. Is there something that will kill it permanently? E.L., Duncanville
Answer: Cutting the vines to the ground now and digging out as much of the plant as possible is Step 1. Next, spray the tender growth as it emerges in the spring. Instead of using toxic broadleaf herbicides such as 2,4-D, use vinegar-based organic herbicides. Your only other option is to buy or rent some goats. They love to eat poison ivy
Search Library Topics Search Newspaper Columns
“We need more accurate, complete and timely data.” Amanda Glassman, Center for Global Development
Related topics Data
Funding
Enterprise
Systems
Cooperation
[WASHINGTON DC] African governments should work with development donors to fund the collection of a wider and better range of social and economic data, a meeting on the quality of statistics in Africa has heard.Many African nations have weak systems for collecting and distributing statistics on issues such as employment and agriculture , making it difficult to assess the scale of poverty or the success of development initiatives, speakers said.The meeting, hosted by the Center for Global Development (CGD) in Washington DC, United States, on 6 April, heard that African countries largely rely on donor funding from sources such as the World Bank and the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation to collect national statistics.But this funding is inadequate, said Amanda Glassman, a global health policy researcher at the CGD.Just two per cent of official development assistance goes towards collecting and producing data , they told the audience. Furthermore, they said, most funding for data collection is “skewed” towards health issues and household surveys, following funders' strategic priorities.“Equal weight needs to be given to different issues, such as the labour market”, to fill knowledge gaps, they said.Last year, UN secretary-general Ban Ki-moon called for a “data revolution” in Africa to help achieve the Sustainable Development Goals. Glassman and other development researchers at the meeting set out their analysis of the state of African statistics in a special issue of The Journal of Development Studies , including some open access articles, at the end of March.But Yemi Kale, the statistician general of Nigeria's National Bureau of Statistics, dismissed the idea that African data is of low quality. “The statistics are not poor,” they told the audience. “The quality of statistics produced now is better than a decade ago.”Some of the improvements are driven by international businesses, who need data to make investment decisions in the emerging markets that they have a growing interest in, the meeting heard. Citizens are increasingly using national data to hold politicians to account, it also heard. But Kale agreed there are “data gaps” in social indicators, such as school attendance.To improve statistics, Glassman called on donors and African governments to contribute equally to a fund to finance data collection. They suggested that part of the donor funding would be dependent on African governments demonstrating progress in good data collection.“We need more accurate, complete and timely data,” they said. “Countries need to fund more of it themselves and donors need to fund more and differently.”The World Bank has recently started to provide some funding to African governments to improve the registration of births, marriages and deaths, and the collection of data on maternal and child health, said Andrew Dabalen, the lead economist for the bank's Africa region.The bank plans to take bolder steps in encouraging countries to publish data collected with its funding. Dabalen told SciDev.Net that reforms under discussion include “asking countries to opt out” or their data would automatically be published on the bank's website.This is part of a set of pieces on data funded by the Hewlett Foundation.
A Georgia pastor who generated a firestorm of controversy after they tweeted that “homosexuals got what they deserved” after the deadly massacre at Orlando's Pulse Nightclub, was sentenced to 35 years to life for aggravated child molestation Tuesday morning.
Shortly after the Pulse nightclub attack, Kenneth Adkins tweeted, “been through so much with these Jacksonville homosexuals that I don't see none of them as victims. I see them as getting what they deserve.”
Adkins, 56, later walked back their comments, saying they aren't referring to the shooting victims, but instead their tweet was “strictly meant for the Jacksonville group that has made my life a living hell” since they served on the community discussion panel.
They had also fought against the expansion of non-discrimination protections for LGBT people in Jacksonville, Florida, by dressing in drag and making bizarre threats on Facebook, saying, “I am gonna ‘pee' next to your women in the women's bathroom and let's see how y'all feel.”
Earlier this month, Adkins was found guilty of eight counts of child molestation of a young boy and girl who attended their church.
Adkins must serve a minimum of 35 years in prison, with the rest served on probation. They also face up to 20 years for every additional charge, all to run concurrently.
Savannah Now adds:
They were convicted of grooming two teens — youths they were supposed to be mentoring — to have sexual intercourse first in front of them so they could judge if they were doing it properly to eventually joining in on the acts himself. Last week the jury saw two photographs of Adkins' penis that they sent their male accuser in 2014. And they saw several electronic messages sent between Adkins and the female.Five of the charges he's guilty of relate to the female who denied anything of the sort happened. They lived with Adkins and their wife until about a month after their arrest.
“She's in their clutches,” said Assistant District Attorney Katie Gropper. “What they have done to that girl is not only criminal, it is deplorable.”
The male told the jury last week that Adkins watched them have sex so many times that they lost track. They said the sex — in the presence of Adkins occurred in the church office, at the beach and in Adkins' car. The male, according to testimony presented during the trial, initially told an Army investigator that their girlfriend was 16 and they were 15 when the activity first began. On the witness stand, the young man said their then-girlfriend was 15. Sixteen is the age of consent in Georgia.
The housing crisis didn't hit all professions equally. In fact, construction workers and builders are the only group who increased their rate of home ownership in the years after the recession, new research shows.
In an analysis of over 70 different professions before and after the recession (2007 to 2009, vs. 2010 to 2012), home ownership among construction workers rose 1 percentage point to 55.4% — the highest growth of any profession — and increased 0.7 percentage points to 65.4% among carpenters during the same period, according to real-estate website Trulia, which mined U.S. Census data for the statistics. Home ownership among electricians remained steady at 75% before and after the recession, the study found.
Construction workers did especially well, given the crash in the property market after 2008, says Susan M. Wachter, professor of real estate and finance at Wharton University of Pennsylvania. “The only sectors that saw growth are groups that have access to bargains and distressed housing and have the expertise to fix them up,” they say. Others are more perplexed by the increase among laborers, especially since they were among the hardest-hit professionals when the housing market crashed in 2008. “It's certainly ironic,” says Don Frommeyer, president of the National Association of Mortgage Professionals, which represents mortgage brokers. Still, they say, the recovery in the housing market in 2013 should be of some consolation to those who are ready to get back on the property ladder.
Ownership for all other professions trended downward, though it varied among subsets of each group. Among high-school teachers, for instance, it fell by 0.4 points to 82%; for teachers' assistants, by 1.7 points to 74.1%; for post-secondary teachers, by 2 points to 69%; and for other teachers and, by 4 points to 67.4%. “In many areas, especially rural neighborhoods, schools continue to consolidate, meaning that jobs disappear,” says Steve Langerud, workplace consultant at Maharishi University of Management in Fairfield, Iowa. “Young teachers are particularly worried about their longevity in a community or school.” Unlike construction workers, however, most teachers are still above the average 70% home-ownership rate for all occupations combined.
Jobs that rose and fell based on consumer demand saw the highest declines. Home ownership before and after the recession declined by 2.6 points to 69.3% among first-line supervisors of retail workers, fell 2.6 points to 44.7% among cashiers and by 3.4 points to 63.7% among retail salespeople. (Retail workers are not as young as the staff at the local Abercrombie & Fitch might suggest: Just 23% are between 16 and 24 and have a median age of 38, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, but they earn an average wage of $21,410, less than half the national average.) “Their ability to fill in the gaps with a second or third job is increasingly difficult and not stable,” Langerud says, “so they are putting off purchasing homes.” Hairdressers had the biggest decline of all professions: 5.8 points to 66.3%.
But there were some surprising declines among higher-paid professions too. Many saw their fortunes fall along with the property market. The home-ownership rate fell 2 points among chief executives and legislators, 3 points to 81% among physicians and surgeons, and 2.4 points to 82.3% among lawyers, judges, magistrates and other judicial workers. (CEOs have an average wage of $176,840, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics.) “These professions tend to be older and richer, and home ownership tends to increase with age and income,” says Jed Kolko, chief economist for Trulia. There's another theory: At least some of the people in these professions may have anticipated a property crash and flipped their homes, experts say.
And it's not just younger workers who feel home ownership is slipping away, studies show. Although both the U.S. property market and the economy are showing signs of recovery, helped by low interest rates, workers' belief in the American Dream remains deeply shaken, a new survey released last week concluded. Some 45% of older baby boomers ages 54 to 64 believe the American dream of having a steady job and owning a home is disappearing, up from 30% two years ago, according to The State of the American Family Study, a survey by life insurance company MassMutual and Forbes Consulting Group. Indeed, home-ownership rates for that 54-to-64 age group dropped from 81% in 2007 to around 77% last year, according to the latest data from the U.S. Census.
More articles by Quentin Fottrell:
5 states with the highest foreclosure rates
Typical U.S. worker now lasts 4.6 years on the job
America's least favorite neighbors: renters
Wayne LaPierre, the NRA's executive vice president and CEO, speaks at a news conference in Washington on Friday. (Photo11: Chip Somodevilla, Getty Images) Story Highlights NRA was virtually quiet for a week after the shooting at Newtown school
The organization is creating a "model school shield program" to help improve security at schools
A protester interrupts, shouting "The NRA is killing our kids"
One week after the tragedy in Newtown, Conn., the most powerful gun organization in the country weighed in today with a call for armed guards at all the nation's schools.
The National Rifle Association had remained largely silent since last Friday's shooting, but called what it billed as a "major news conference" this morning in Washington. Following is our live report as the news conference was going on.
COVERAGE FROM AROUND NATION: Asheville, N.C.-area assault weapon sales soar
COVERAGE FROM AROUND NATION: Fort Myers, Fla., instructor offers teachers free gun education
COVERAGE FROM AROUND NATION: Already legal in Indiana for teachers to carry guns, though few do
11:33 a.m. Keene takes the stage and concludes the news conference as reporters shout questions. They repeat the organization's officers won't take questions. The bottom line is the NRA thinks that armed guards at schools and not pushing for more gun control measures is the way lawmakers should go after the issue.
11:31 School safety is a complex issue, but providing armed security could provide an important line of defense to protecting school children, Hutchinson said.
11:28 a.m. Hutchinson said they took the task of directing the model shield program with the condition that it would be independent. Armed, trained personnel will be part of the program, and it won't require any federal money. It will rely on volunteers.
11:26 a.m. "We must act now for the sake every child in America," LaPierre says before introducing Hutchinson
11:24 a.m. The NRA is creating what is calling a "model school shield program" to help improve security at schools It will be leaded by former Rep. Asa Hutchinson and will be made available to every school that wants it free of charge, LaPierre says.
11:21 a.m. LaPierre calls on Congress to immediately appropriate money to put armed officers in every school in America. The conversation on this idea has to start immediately. They say the NRA has 11,000 police training instructors willing to help out.
11:17 a.m. LaPierre asks: "Why is the use of a gun when it's asked to be used to protect the president or used by the police, but bad when it's used to protect children." They call on the media to "at least admit that it's possible" that armed guards could have stopped the Newtown massacre.
11:13 a.m. LaPierre criticizes the media for getting basic facts about guns wrong. "They don't know what they are talking about. They make the point that increased regulation of guns amounts to "dishonest thinking." They add, "The only thing that stops a bad guy with a gun is a good guy with a gun."
11:09 a.m. Federal gun prosecutions have decreased by 40% to the lowest levels in a decade, LaPierre notes. They criticize media for placing the blame on gun rights advocates and failing to talk about the "callous, corrupt shadow industry" pushed by Hollywood and video game makers.
11:06 a.m. A protester holding up a red handmade sign interrupts the press conference. He's carried out by security while yelling, "The NRA is killing our children."
CLOSE A protester yelling and holding a large red sign that read "NRA killing our kids" interrupted the NRA's press conference on the Newtown shootings. VPC
11:05 a.m. LaPierre says pushing for gun-free killers offers an invitation to "insane" killers. They note banks, stadiums, and lawmakers are protected by armed security, but we aren't doing the same for children. "We as a society are leaving them utterly defenseless...and the monsters of the world know it."
11:03 a.m. LaPierre says they remained "respectfully silent" out of respect for the families. They add for all the anger thrown at their organization since Newtown tragedy no one is talking about how we protect our children now.
11:01 a.m. NRA President Keene introduces the organization's Wayne LaPierre, but says the organization will not take questions from reporters.
10:43 a.m. USA TODAY's Jackie Kucinich reports that security is tight at the Willard Hotel, site of the NRA news conference.About a dozen security guards in black suits wearing red and blue pins stood in and around the ballroom where the press conference would later take place. Just before 9:30 a.m. the NRA's David Keene came to the podium and asked for the reporters and staff milling around the room to join them in observing a moment of silence for the victims of the shooting in Newtown.
10:33 a.m. We will have to wait a little bit longer to hear what the NRA has to say. The press conference has been pushed back to 11 a.m.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/UN6luh
International relations, strained by the advent of global conflict, has caused the intelligence agencies of major powers to go to extremes and draw strange conclusions. Although the United States professed Neutrality, Germany feared that Japan may send troops across the Pacific Ocean and through Canada. After Japan entered the war in 1914 on behalf of its British ally, Germany worries only grew and their intelligenceagency felt they needed at act.
Vernon Horn, 59, a German national in Guatemala working as a coffee plantation manager when they were called back to Germany. In December 1914, they were enlisted by Fritz von Papen, military attaché of the German Embassy in Washington D.C to engage in acts of espionage in the United States and Canada. Von Papen was seeking saboteurs to disrupt Canadian railways and thought that Horn, who was eager to serve the fatherland, was an ideal candidate.
Van Papen's plan was to destroy the St Croix-Vanceboro railway bridge crossing the St Croix River from St Croix, New Brunswick, Canada to Vanceboro, Maine. By late January, Horn was in Boston with a suitcase full of dynamite. They rode the train with their dangerous parcel under their seat from Boston to the hamlet of Vanceboro, Maine's Central's eastern terminus at the border with Canada. Horn checked into the Exchange Hotel. Later, Horn made their way to the bridge where they planted a bomb. At 1:10 a.m. on Tuesday, February 2, 1915 a bomb exploded, blowing out windows across both towns of Vanceboro and St. Croix. Some iron beams on the bridge were twisted or bent but the damage was relatively minor. Horn was frostbitten and needed assistance. Horn's condition led to questioning and arrest at the Exchange Hotel. The US Sheriff crossed the border and in order to detain him, charged them with criminal damage for breaking windows in Vanceboro. Horn was moved to jail in Machias where they were interrogated by the Bureau of Investigation and signed a confession.
On March 2, 1915, since the explosion took place on the Canada-side of the the St Croix-Vanceboro railway bridge, the federal grand jury in Boston, Massachusetts at the United States District Court for the District of Massachusetts indicted Horn the most serious crime they could in the United States – transporting explosives on a common carrier that also transported passengers for hire. They have still to be charged by Canada.
WASHINGTON – New legislation introduced in the Senate would slash pensions for all federal employees hired starting 2013, invoking the argument that benefits for government workers are too generous and are a large contributor to budget deficits.
The “Public-Private Employee Retirement Parity Act,” offered Thursday by Sen. Richard Burr (R-NC) and co-sponsored by Sen. Tom Coburn (R-OK), would eliminate all pensions under the Federal Employees Retirement System (FERS) but keep the Thrift Savings Plan in tact. The bill would also apply to members of Congress.
“Right now, federal government workers receive far more generous retirement benefits than private sector employees,” Burr said. “The cost to taxpayers of these benefits is unsustainable and we simply cannot afford it. We cannot ask taxpayers to continue to foot the bill for public employee benefits that are far more generous than their own.”
Coburn added in a statement that the FERS pensions program “serves to foster political careerism and should have been frozen years ago,” and fretted that “federal workers generally earn up to 20 percent more than their private sector counterparts.”
Critics fear that eliminating the security that comes with pensions — a major perk of relatively low-paying federal jobs — could conceivably sway bright workers away from working for the government.
“Sen. Burr is wrong on the facts and wrong on morals,” John Gage, president of the American Federation of Government Employees, told Government Executive, calling the legislation “cruel and useless.”
“Eliminating pensions for future employees would do absolutely nothing for the fictional unfunded liabilities that the fact-challenged senator imagines they are resolving. Worse, Sen. Burr's bill is a mean-spirited attempt to deprive future employees of any hope of a dignified retirement after they have spent a lifetime in public service.”
Burr's office did not respond to a request for comment.
[Photo credit: burr.senate.gov]
According to MIT CSAIL, Foundry can import objects designed with traditional CAD programs like SolidWorks and then assign specific materials or properties to different parts of the object. While creating a multi-material object in the past might have required days of work and multiple 3D printers to create (assuming it was possible with existing technology at all), CSAIL says these sorts of designs can now be created in mere minutes. Rather than manufacturing a separate piece for each material in the finished product, the entire object can now be printed in one fell swoop.
"It's like Photoshop for 3D materials," said Kiril Vidimče, the PhD Student who is also the lead author of a new paper on Foundry, "allowing you to design objects made of new composite materials that have the optimal mechanical, thermal, and conductive properties that you need for a given task. You are only constrained by your creativity and your ideas on how to combine materials in novel ways."
To show off their work, the CSAIL team built skis with retro-reflective surfaces, a ping pong paddle and an artificial bone they believe could one day be used for planning out surgeries. But for a real test of the software, the team spent an hour teaching the Foundry system to non-designers and then tasked them to build three multi-material objects -- an artificial bone, an integrated tire and wheel, and a teddy bear. The Foundry newbies were able to build the three objects in 56, 48 and 26 minutes respectively.
Written by Nick Hodgson & Tim Wheeler
Performed by
Published by Aardman Music Publishing/Universal Music Publishing Ltd & Imagem & Tim Wheeler
FEELS LIKE SUMMERWritten by Ilan Eshkeri Performed by Tim Wheeler Published by Aardman Music Publishing/Universal Music Publishing Ltd & Imagem & Tim Wheeler
Written by
Performed by Vic Reeves
Published by Aardman Music Publishing/Universal Music Publishing Ltd
SHAUN THE SHEEP - Life's A TreatWritten by Mark Thomas Performed by Mark Thomas Published by Aardman Music Publishing/Universal Music Publishing Ltd
Written by
Performed by
Published by EMI Music Publishing Ltd & Universal Music Publishing MGB Ltd
Courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment UK Limited
SEARCH FOR THE HEROWritten by Paul Heard Mike Pickering (as Michael Pickering)Performed by M People Published by EMI Music Publishing Ltd & Universal Music Publishing MGB LtdCourtesy of Sony Music Entertainment UK Limited
Written by Robert Young & Andrew Innes
Performed by
Published by EMI Music Publishing Ltd & Universal Music Publishing Ltd
Courtesy of Sony Music Entertainment UK Ltd & Warner Bros. Records
ROCKSWritten by Bobby Gillespie Performed by Primal Scream Published by EMI Music Publishing Ltd & Universal Music Publishing LtdCourtesy of Sony Music Entertainment UK Ltd & Warner Bros. Records
Written by
Performed by
Published by Campbell Connelly & Co Ltd
Courtesy of Music Sales Creative
MORE WHEELS CHA CHAWritten by Norman Petty , Richard Stephens & Jimmy TorresPerformed by Kirsty Whalley Published by Campbell Connelly & Co LtdCourtesy of Music Sales Creative
Written by Nick Hodgson
Performed by
Published by Aardman Music Publishing/Universal Music Publishing Ltd & Imagem
BIG CITYWritten by Ilan Eshkeri Performed by Eliza Doolittle Published by Aardman Music Publishing/Universal Music Publishing Ltd & Imagem
Written & Performed by John Matthews &
Published by 23rd Precinct Music Ltd/Notting Hill Music
Courtesy of Banoffeesound
STRANGE ADAGIO FOR BARBERSWritten & Performed by John Matthews & Stuart Bruce Published by 23rd Precinct Music Ltd/Notting Hill MusicCourtesy of Banoffeesound
Written by
Performed by
Published by Universal/MCA Music Ltd
Courtesy of Capitol Records, LLC
Under license from Universal Music Operations Ltd
BAD TO THE BONEWritten by George Thorogood Performed by George Thorogood & The Destroyers Published by Universal/MCA Music LtdCourtesy of Capitol Records, LLCUnder license from Universal Music Operations Ltd
Written by
Performed by
Published by Bug Music Ltd, a BMG Chrysalis Company & Schott in the Dark Music
Courtesy of Warner Bros. Records & Universal-Island Records Ltd
Under license from Universal Music Operations Ltd
I'M A WONDERFUL THING, BABYWritten by Kid Creole (as August Darnell) & Peter Schott Performed by Kid Creole and The Coconuts Published by Bug Music Ltd, a BMG Chrysalis Company & Schott in the Dark MusicCourtesy of Warner Bros. Records & Universal-Island Records LtdUnder license from Universal Music Operations Ltd
Written by Taylor Hawkins,
Performed by
Published by Bug Music Ltd, a BMG Chrysalis Company & Universal/MCA Music Ltd / Flying Earform Music
Courtesy of Roswell Records Inc./Sony Music Entertainment, Inc.
HOMEWritten by Dave Grohl Chris Shiflett (as Christopher Shiflett) and Nate Mendel Performed by Foo Fighters Published by Bug Music Ltd, a BMG Chrysalis Company & Universal/MCA Music Ltd / Flying Earform MusicCourtesy of Roswell Records Inc./Sony Music Entertainment, Inc.
AMAZING ADVENTURES OF MORPH
Written and performed by Andy Clark
Licensed by KPM Music Limited
Written by
Performed by
Published by EMI Music Publishing Ltd
Courtesy of Union Square Music and Stirling Holdings Ltd and Geffen Records
Under license from Universal Music Operations Ltd
HOUSE OF FUNWritten by Mike Barson (as Michael Barson) and Lee Thompson Performed by Madness Published by EMI Music Publishing LtdCourtesy of Union Square Music and Stirling Holdings Ltd and Geffen RecordsUnder license from Universal Music Operations Ltd
Written by
Mazurkas, Op.7 in F minorWritten by Frédéric Chopin
When we started talking about ideas for Hob, the biggest aspect that kept coming up was the world itself needed to be center stage for both gameplay and story. The main goal was for it to be something more unique, and engaging in interesting ways for the player to interact with it. Those core goals are what drove the idea of a world disheveled like a Rubik's cube. It's not complete, and the player needs to help fix it. It was proposed that we not only build the world around the player being able to move and transform large areas, but to also make those transformations a major part of the narrative. What that narrative is, however, is a secret for the player to discover.
After we had a grasp on the world, we then needed to build tools for the player to interact and fix the broken world. That's when the player's utility glove was born. Early on in the game the player acquires a glove that can be upgraded to be multi-function. The glove has several multi-purpose tools. They serve the player for navigation, puzzles, and combat. Once we decided what glove abilities we wanted, we shifted focus over to supporting it in the world space.
We delved deeper into what that meant gameplay wise, development wise, and tech wise. It started to sound like a crazy man's fever dreams. Speaking as a level designer, the amount of work to design and build a space that transforms, sometimes multiple times into different configurations, each of which need to be fun and support various gameplay, was crazy and terrifying. I kept thinking, "What are we getting ourselves into?" It was nuts. If we could pull it off though, it could be amazing.
As we started actually building towards that vision, I began to see the big picture possibilities. That is when things really got exciting. This was still a crazy plan, but now we were committed to making something crazy and very special!
I've always enjoyed games that encourage the player to explore and allow the player to venture off the main path and make them question if they are where they should be only to find out they are, and reward them for it. My rule when playing games is that if I know a certain direction is the main path, I instantly go explore elsewhere first in hopes of being rewarded for it, and it's extremely satisfying when you are.
In Hob, we do not put you on the yellow brick road and lead you by the hand. In fact, we try to get you off that yellow brick road so you can find the non-obvious back door that's half hidden by overgrown weeds, leading you in a roundabout way to your goal. Then we take it a step further and allow you to unlock the front door from the inside, creating a shortcut back out. That type of rewarding exploration is our goal with Hob.
<iframe width="400" height="225" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/tT6fvUETQ0A"} %>
Puzzles big and small are scattered across the world. The world is broken, and the player has several tools to navigate and fix it. For instance, the player acquires an ability that allows them to use their glove as a grappling hook between points in the world to get to areas they could not reach otherwise. The same ability lets a player grab and pull objects around an area, to-and-from points that they might not be able to reach.
Another ability allows players to punch through walls creating shortcuts, and breaking apart tall pillars to create shortcut ladders. Each interactable has a telltale visual cue so that players will learn them and be able to identify them elsewhere. The player will often reach areas before they have all the abilities needed to find everything, so previously explored area will gain new surprises as the player acquires new abilities later on.
The most challenging aspect of building the levels has been the world shifting. Each space requires more thought and consideration. We have to plan around the powers the player will have for that area, the new ideas we are introducing, and the new abilities the player will have when they return to the area later in the game.
Some spaces rearrange once to solve a particular problem. In other spaces, the player can toggle levels back and forth as part of a greater puzzle, with each variation offering something different. Imagine being able to run freely across a large land mass while it is in the middle of transforming. Those moments are a special, memorable part of Hob's gameplay.
<iframe width="854" height="480" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/cv3hUOVygm0"} %> </div>
Designing for Hob has been a great experience so far. In the beginning of the project, I thought we were crazy to be so ambitious with so many unique gameplay elements and compound level design. Looking at the game today, it is all falling into place. It is clear that Hob is something unique, and really, really fun. All of the hard work will be worth it.
Lowest Ratings SORT BY: | The Highest Ratings 4 Reviews. Average Rating: 5 of 5 Stars! 5 stars: 100% (4 of 4) 4 stars: 0% ( of 4) 3 stars: 0% ( of 4) 2 stars: 0% ( of 4) 1 star: 0% ( of 4) Display All Reviews By: Judd D on 09/14/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Packaging is very lame!!!!
This thing is awesome!!!! So much destruction out of such a little thing. Small, badass! 2 full trigger pulls.
Screw 12 g. Your not sore after shooting this all day.
Only negative is that I wish it had shell extractors. You have to manually pull them out.
By the way, if you've never had a 2- piece scatter gun before, please read manual before you attempt to put it together so you don't damage it. Very, very simple to put together. There's just one little step before that makes everything happy. If you don't do it, you will have a "reminder Mark" to remind you everytime. Reviewed By: brad b on 08/26/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
this thing is awesome.........best application I see would be as a home defense weapon.........shot low brass 7.5s and some #1 Buckshot through it.....ran great no FTF/FTE......put it through its paces and the barrel was smoking cause wanted to know.......kept reaching for a handle at first b/c used to pumps....never had a 2barrel b/f........it is fairly small/maneuverable for close range/inside a building/home etc..........would have to think 20gauge would be devastating inside 40\' in a HD situation..........have a 12gauge pump with just pistol grip that is not much smaller.....holds more rnds but after 5-6 you are just ready to say \"I\'m good\" and put it back in the truck......
has rails on 3 sides......top/right/left already attached if you are in to optics/lasers/lights etc.....
has extractors/not ejectors so you have to pull each expended round out to reload.......no biggie......
safety automatically resets to \"safe\" when new rounds are inserted and breech is closed........no biggie either......just a training issue....
no sling mounts....boo....but can be fixed fairly easily if you want for survival/bug out scenarios etc.....
think it has 1 bore cylinder and maybe 1 improved gauge (could be wrong), but 20gauge very nice for rabbits/squires etc. if above applies....
no slugs yet, but would anticipate it will do just fine..... Reviewed By: Theyo E on 07/31/2017 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
What a shotgun, price, value, as advertised you can't beat Buds. Reviewed By: Harry W on 11/21/2015 Rating: 5 of 5 Stars!
Nice home defense weapon. I heard the action on these models were stiff. But this one is great. I may install and site, but the stock bead site is great with fast target acquisition. The gun came well packed. Slow payment credit at Bud's. I did a bank transfer that left my bank the next day, but Bud's didn't ship for another 8 days. They could improve that step in their process
Among women, cancer is the second leading cause of death. While genetics play a small role in the development of tumors, the Standard American Diet (SAD), obesity, sedentary lifestyle, tobacco and alcohol use, and environmental exposures fuel the development and growth of cancers. There are four dietary factors working simultaneously that make the SAD so powerful at promoting cancer.
It is highly glycemic and insulin promoting It is low in antioxidants and phytochemicals from green and other colorful plants It is high in animal protein, raising IGF-1 to cancer-promoting levels It is high in toxins and chemicals that promote cancer
A Nutritarian diet, on the other hand, is designed to be maximally protective against cancer. It is the most important thing people can do to reduce their risk of cancer.
Cancer screening is promoted as preventive health, and while this may detect early forms of cancer so it can be treated earlier, it does not prevent the development of cancer and has minimal effects on reducing cancer deaths. A Nutritarian diet has the power to repair defects that can lead to cancer, detoxify carcinogens, cause cancer cell death, cut off blood supplies to growing tumors , and stimulate the immune system to recognize, repair abnormalities, and even fight and kill cancer cells. The vitamins, minerals, phytochemicals, and antioxidants found in a diet rich in vegetables, fruits, beans, nuts, and seeds is the key to prevention and even can play an important role in the treatment of various cancers.
My book, Super Immunity, discusses the details and supportive science to embrace an anti-cancer lifestyle.
"Mr. Trump is self-financing their campaign, so we don't have any donors."
Why was Donald Trump heavily booed during the Feb. 13 Republican presidential debate in South Carolina?
Corey Lewandowski, Trump's national campaign manager, addressed that question during a Feb. 15 radio interview on "The John Fredericks Show" based in Portsmouth. They said the Republican National Committee offers debate tickets to the big donors for each presidential candidate and, as such, Trump supporters are shut out.
"As you know, Mr. Trump is self-financing their campaign, so we don't have any donors," Lewandowski said.
Seconds later, Lewandowski added: "We have only one donor to the campaign, so we can submit only one name. Their name is Donald Trump, and they already have a spot on that stage, and he's always at the center of that stage because he's the front runner."
Let's start by noting the RNC disputes Lewandowski's claim that debate tickets are reserved for the highest donors, saying each of the five campaigns participating in the South Carolina event - including Trump's - were given 107 passes to distribute as they pleased.
The subject of this fact-check is not debate tickets but Lewandowski's repeated claim that the billionaire Trump is the "only" contributor to their campaign. Trump often says he's "self-financing" their campaign, a statement our colleagues at PolitiFact National recently rated Half-True . Lewandowski's assertion that there are no outside donors to the campaign, however, takes Trump's claim to a new level and deserves a separate look.
We asked Trump's campaign for an explanation of Lewandowski's comments but did not get a response.
Contributions
Trump's campaign brought in about $19.4 million by the end of 2015, according to the latest Federal Election Commission records . Trump put in $12.8 million of that himself. The remaining $6.6 million came from individual contributions, which federal law caps at $2,700 per candidate per election.
Trump has invested far more of their personal money into their campaign than any other presidential contender. The only other candidates endowing their own campaigns are:
•Republican Jeb Bush, $388,720, or 1.2 percent of $31.9 million they raised;
•Democrat Hillary Clinton, $368,147, or 0.3 percent of the $115.6 million they raised; and
•Republican Ben Carson, $25,000, or 0.05 percent of the $54 million they raised.
Trump, by contrast, has put in 66 percent of the money their campaign has raised. But the remaining 34 percent, contrary to Lewandowski's claim, has come from donors.
FEC rules require candidates to disclose the names of donors who have contributed an aggregate $200 or more to their campaigns. Through the end of 2015, Trump listed about 3,200 such patrons who donated a collective $1.6 million.
A far greater number of people made small donations to the campaign, but we can't tell you how many because these names and contributions are not itemized. What we do know is that Trump, at year's end, raised almost $5 million from people who sent in less than $200 apiece.
Although a significant portion of their campaign fund comes from individuals, Trump doesn't appear to be actively soliciting these donations with high-profile fundraising events. The Sunlight Foundation, which advocates for transparency in money in politics, tracks political fundraisers with its Political Party Time tool. It has no record of any events to benefit Trump .
In contrast, Political Party Time has recorded more than 280 fundraisers for Clinton and more than 150 for Bush since the start of 2015.
There is, however, a " donate " button on Trump's website.
Lastly, any conversation about Trump's "self-financed" campaign also should include two caveats:
•Of the personal money he's put into their campaign, Trump lists $200,000 as a contribution and $12.6 million as loans. That means they may expect to recoup those funds.
•Trump ramped up their self-financing in the final quarter of 2015, when they made $10.8 million of their loans to their campaign.
Our ruling
"Mr. Trump is self-financing their campaign, so we don't have any donors," Lewandowski, Trump's campaign manager, told a Virginia radio audience. Seconds later, they virtually repeated the claim.
Trump is certainly their own greatest benefactor, having endowed their campaign with $12.8 million of the $19.4 million it raised through the end of last year - or 66 percent of its funds. Trump lists almost all of their investments in their campaign as a loan, not a donation, so they may be expecting to get some of their money back.
In any case, Lewandowski is flat-out wrong by insisting the campaign has no donors other than Trump. They ignore thousands of supporters who contributed $6.6 million through the end of last year, or 34 percent of the campaign's resources.
So we rate the claim False.
USMC Staff Sgt. Jason Rogers , 28, was killed in action by an IED while saving a fellow Marine in Helmand Province, Afghanistan on April 7. Sgt. Rogers was assigned to the 2nd Combat Engineer Battalion, 2nd Marine Division, II Marine Expeditionary Force, out of Camp Lejeune, N.C. This was their fifth combat tour in Afghanistan. Their fifth.
Sgt. Rogers was buried in Brandon, Mississippi last Saturday. Above is the view of Mississippi Highway Patrol Trooper Elmo Townsend as they escorted Sgt. Rogers from Airport Road and along U.S. 80 through a gauntlet of hundreds of local patriots wo turned out to honor their sacrifice.
The human vermin of the Phelps family, venomous traitors who style themselves the Westboro Baptist Church, who insult decent people from coast-to-coast by shouting vile slander at the funerals of heroes, threatened to protest this funeral as well. Yet, not a whiff of their stench fouled the air anywhere near the procession nor funeral. Therein lies the story.
According to a poster on The Oxford Square, a message board for Ole Miss, the Phelps made it to town, but got no further:
They did show up, a few showed up a couple of days early. A couple of days before, one of them ran their mouth at a Brandon gas station and got their ass waxed. Police were called and the beaten man could not give much of a description of who beat him. When they canvassed the station and spoke to the large crowd that had gathered around, no one seemed to remember anything about what had happened. Rankin County handled this thing perfectly. There were many things that were put into place that most will never know about and at great expense to the county. Most of the morons never made it out of their hotel parking lot. It seems that certain Rankin county pickup trucks were parked directly behind any car that had Kansas plates in the hotel parking lot and the drivers mysteriously disappeared until after the funeral was over. Police were called but their wrecker service was running behind and it was going to be a few hours before they could tow the trucks so the Kansas plated cars could get out. A few made it to the funeral but were ushered away to be questioned about a crime they might have possibly been involved in. Turns out, after a few hours of questioning, that they were not involved and they were allowed to go on about their business. Ranking deserves a hand in how they handled this situation.
Sometimes, when all else has fails, you need the good old boys to get things done. Hats off to the patriots of Rankin, Mississippi!
UPDATE: The Rumor Doctor at Stars & Stripes has researched this story and, sadly, found it unfounded. The Phelps family never showed up at all. It was a lovely dream, though. And just because it didn't happen doesn't mean it can't happen.
(a dozen)
Place the milk in a small saucepan and heat until it bubbles, stirring so it doesn't burn. Pour over the teabag at allow to steep for at least 30 minutes, and then allow milk to cometo room temperature. Discard the teabag and measure out milk until you have 3/4 cups.
Preheat oven to 375F. Line a 12 muffin tray with papers. In a large bowl whisk together the flour, sugar, baking powder, salt and lemon. In a separate bowl beat together the eggs, butter, milk and vanilla. Fold the dry into the wet until combined. Divide between the 12 muffin tins and bake for 20-25 minutes or until a toothpick comes out clean. Allow to cool completely before icing.
To make the icing place the softened butter in a bowl. Cut open the teabag and pour the tea leaves onto the butter. Beat with a mixer until nice and fluffy, beat in the vanilla and then start beating in the icing sugar and milk, alternating a bit of each at a time.
Ice the cupcakes and store in the fridge until you are ready to eat.
New Zealand is the only country to vote against further protection for the critically endangered Maui's dolphins at the world's largest conservation summit.
A motion, aimed at stopping the extinction of the world's rarest dolphins and porpoises, including New Zealand's Hector's and Maui's dolphins, was put forward at the IUCN's World Conservation Congress in Korea last week.
Some 576 members, including governments and NGOs, voted for the motion. New Zealand is the only country to vote against.
It was initially believed two countries opposed to the motion, but it has since been revealed that New Zealand had two votes.
The move was labelled as "shameful" and a "disgrace" by conservation groups and critics.
"The New Zealand government has acted shamefully and can no longer claim to be leaders in conservation," WWF's marine programme manager Rebecca Bird said.
"If we fail to act now, it will not be long before Maui's [dolphins] disappear from our waters forever."
The motion included an urgent extension of protection measures, with an emphasis on banning gill net and trawl net use from the shoreline to the 100 metre depth contour in all areas where Hector's and Maui's dolphins are found.
In the address to IUCN members, New Zealand Head of Delegation, Andrew Bignell, said action had already been taken to protect the endangered dolphins, and the recommendation was not backed by scientific evidence.
"New Zealand is committed to the protection of Maui's and Hector's dolphin, but is unable to support the proposed motion because it is not consistent with New Zealand government policy on mitigating fishing-related risks to them," they said.
Barry Weeber, co-chairperson of the Environment and Conservation Organisations, which sponsored the motion, said the Government had expressed concern about the resolution before the vote, and a couple of changes had been made as a result.
"We thought that those changes would be sufficient to get New Zealand to abstain or vote for the resolution.
"We did know that they had to go back to Wellington to confirm the changes to see if they were happy with that, which clearly they weren't."
Green Party MP Gareth Hughes said the Government was putting the interests of a handful of fishers ahead of the safety of threatened dolphins.
"Ironically this move will likely damage the reputation of the wider fishing community, fishery exports, and our clean, green brand," they said.
"It isn't hard to give this species a shot at survival: we need to stop needlessly killing them in fishing nets."
Labour MP Ruth Dyson said the Government's vote was a "disgrace"
"It beggars belief that the New Zealand Government could oppose a motion to protect these incredibly vulnerable dolphins in our own waters.
"The Maui's dolphin is the most endangered dolphin species in the world, but we won't stand up for its survival? It's appalling," they said.
Conservation Minister Kate Wilkinson couldn't be reached for comment.
Two alleged Syrian smugglers have gone on trial in a Turkish court over the death of three-year-old Alan Kurdi and other refugees who drowned while trying to reach Greece by boat.
The alleged smugglers, Muwafaka al-Abash and Asem al-Farhad, appeared at a criminal court in Bodrum on Thursday to face charges of smuggling and manslaughter over the deaths of Alan Kurdi, their five-year-old brother Galip, their mother Rehan and two other refugees.
Abdullah Kurdi, Alan's father who is originally from the Kurdish Syrian border town of Kobane, is also on trial in absentia accused of being an organiser of the smuggling.
The refugees set off from Bodrum in two boats on 2 September, 2015.
The image of Alan Kurdi's lifeless body, lying face down in the sand, sent shockwaves around the world, and forced Europe to revise its refugee policies.
The Syrian defendants face up to 35 years in jail if convicted.
Abdullah told the Turkish Dogan news agency at the time about the moment the boat capsized.
“I was holding my wife's hand, but the children slipped through my hands,” they said. “We tried to cling to the small boat, but it was deflating. It was dark and everyone was screaming. I couldn't make my voice heard to my wife and kids.”
The victims were among some one million people who last year sought to cross the Aegean Sea from Turkey in a bid to reach EU member Greece.
But with the migrants and refugees crammed into unstable boats and equipped with sub-standard life jackets, the crossing is fraught with danger.
Turkey has become the major hub for Syrian, Afghan, Iraqi, Eritrean and other refugees and migrants seeking to undertake the risky crossing to the European Union in a flow that has caused huge alarm across the continent.
The Turkish government struck a deal with the EU in November to halt the flow of refugees, in return for $3.2bn in financial assistance.
But the current Syrian government offensive on Aleppo has driven tens of thousands of new refugees to the border in recent days, which could push Turkey's refugee numbers over three million.
President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan threatened on Thursday to open Turkey's borders to Europe if the EU did not provide more assistance to their country.
Body cameras studied for Slidell Police Dept
Baton Rouge police are implementing a pilot program that will provide 100 officers with body cameras, but the Metro Council voted not to legally require the whole department to wear the devices. (Photo by Ted Jackson, Nola.com | The Times-Picayune)
(TED JACKSON)
Every time the Baton Rouge Metro Council discusses the issue of police body cameras, it seems another story of a potentially racially-charged conflict between citizens and police is in the news, with a video at the center. This time, it's the police response to a pool party with a crowd of teenagers in McKinney, Texas.
But while council members in Baton Rouge said they want the city's police officers to wear cameras, on Wednesday they voted against an ordinance that would have legally required the department to implement them for all officers by December of next year.
The council voted 4-5 Wednesday (June 10) against an ordinance authored by council member C. Denise Marcelle that would require the cameras. Those who voted no said they were worried that they'd be forcing the police department to pay for the equipment without knowing how much it would cost or how it would be paid for.
The department will continue moving forward with a pilot program that's already underway to outfit 100 officers with the cameras, and depending on how that goes, could come back later with a plan to outfit more officers.
Marcelle has been pushing for the cameras for several months, and wanted to put the requirement into law to force the department to implement them soon. Three other council members agreed with her: The others who voted in support of requiring the cameras were Chauna Banks-Daniel, Ronnie Edwards and Tara Wicker.
Wicker spoke emotionally about why they believe the cameras will save lives, particularly of young African-American men.
"I personally am the mother of a 13-year-old son that will be driving in a couple of years, and I want my baby to be safe," they said. They told council member John Delgado, "I don't expect you to understand it, because you're not a black man and you don't have any black children."
But other council members said they didn't want to tie Police Chief Carl Dabadie's hands, forcing them to spend an unknown amount of money on the cameras and possibly have to cut elsewhere in their budget. They said the city should wait to see how the pilot program goes.
The body cameras had already been debated at the council's last meeting, and at the start of Wednesday's meeting it appeared a compromise had been reached: Marcelle, the mayor's staff, and council member Buddy Amoroso, who had previously been pushing for a non-binding resolution in favor of the cameras, all were in agreement. The compromise required the department to use the cameras, but removed any timeframe.
But then, Parish Attorney Lea Anne Batson told them that without including a timeframe, the ordinance would go into effect immediately -- which may have been what Marcelle wanted, but wasn't the others' intention. So Marcelle offered up Dec. 1, 2016 as the deadline.
But their colleagues were concerned about implementing it as a mandate. Cities elsewhere have found that the biggest cost of the cameras is not the cameras themselves. It's the cost of storing and managing the video footage. Dabadie said the pilot program is a way to get a sense of how it would work for the whole department.
If the council voted to require the cameras before seeing the results of the pilot, "What's the point of doing the pilot program at all, then?" council member Trae Welch asked. Aren't we putting a horse before a cart right now by doing it like this?"
With Wednesday's vote, the pilot program will proceed, but it will be up to the police department or perhaps a future vote of the council to expand the use of the cameras.
"Everybody wants it, but I guess it's always the devil's in the details," Amoroso said.
NEW DELHI: India today cleared major defence proposals that will greatly boost its air and land power and future combat performance.The proposals which have been cleared today are of the procurement of close to 100 indigenised fighter jets, helicopters, about 600 mini-Unmanned Aerial Vehicles (UAVs) and more than 400 tanks. Altogether worth more than Rs 82,000 crore.The Defence Acquisition Council DAC ) led by Defence Minister Manohar Parrikar today approved the procurement of 83 Light Combat Aircraft ( LCA Tejas MK1A.The LCA is the smallest and lightest multi-role supersonic fighter aircraft of its class. It is designed and developed by the Aeronautical Development Agency (ADA) and Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) for the Indian Air Force and Navy.The DAC also approved the procurement of 15 light combat helicopters of Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL). Out of this, five will be for the army. It also approved the procurement of 464 T-90 tanks . The T-90 is a third generation Russian battle tank. It is in service of the Russian armed forces. India had first purchased T-90s from Russia in 2001."The DAC has also approved the purchase of 598 mini-UAVs under the ‘Buy Indian' category. These UAVs will be for the infantry," said an official. The UAVs will be used for aerial surveillance of areas upto five to seven kilometres ahead of the area of responsibility.The army has also been sanctioned to float tenders for six regiments of the Pinaka multi-rocket launchers.During October last year, the DAC had cleared the 3rd and 4th Pinaka regiments. The Pinaka has been developed by DRDO. It saw service during the Kargil conflict. It has a maximum range of 65 km and can fire 12 rockets within a minute.The previous DAC meet on October 20 this year had ensured the progress to the final stage of acquiring the 145 number of Ultra Light Howitzer artillery guns from the US. The DAC had cleared the variations present in India's demands regarding the artillery gun made to the US and what the US in turn offered.
NEW YORK -- Cam Newton and Nick Fairley of national champion Auburn is among 56 non-seniors who applied for April's NFL draft -- a record total, but only three more than last year.
The uncertainty surrounding the league's labor situation does not appear to have had a significant effect on underclassmen opting to declare for the draft. The NFL released the list Wednesday, and it's the fifth time in seven years that more than 50 players were granted what the league calls "special eligibility."
There were 53 players in 2010 and 2008, the previous high; 52 in 2006; 51 in 2005.
Newton, a quarterback, and Fairley, a defensive tackle, are joined by three other All-American juniors heading to the draft: Kentucky receiver-returner Randall Cobb, Clemson defensive end Da'Quan Bowers and LSU cornerback Patrick Peterson.
The most notable player to announce on Wednesday their decision to go pro was Illinois defensive tackle Corey Liuget, who is projected as possible first-round pick.
There weren't any surprising additions to the list -- or omissions. Most underclassmen who were deciding whether to enter the draft had made their choices public by Saturday's deadline to tell the NFL they wanted to leave school early. Players then had 72 hours to withdraw their names, but no notable players changed their minds.
One top underclassman not on the list: Stanford quarterback Andrew Luck, who had said they would be returning to school. Their father, former NFL quarterback and current West Virginia athletic director Oliver Luck, said they discussed the possible lockout in the league but that wasn't a decisive factor in Andrew's choice.
The draft is April 28-30, even if there is no new collective bargaining agreement to replace the one that expires in early March. If owners lock out the players -- as the union expects -- rookies wouldn't be able to sign contracts until a new CBA is in place.
Among the factors underclassmen might have considered:
• It's possible there won't be a 2011 NFL season, so players leaving college could wind up sitting out an entire year.
• Even if an agreement is reached in time for next season to be played, the timing of a deal might result in shortened training camps or no minicamps, so a rookie would have less time to learn their new team's system and prove they deserve to start -- or, in some cases, even make the roster.
• Owners are intent on having a rookie wage scale be part of a new CBA. Commissioner Roger Goodell wrote about "the outrageous sums paid to many unproven rookies" in a recent letter sent to fans about the labor situation, and such a change could apply to the 2011 draft class.
• Entering the pros sooner starts a player's NFL "clock," moving them closer to their second contract and free agency, which could be particularly attractive if a rookie wage scale is created.
Still, in a telephone interview before last weekend's deadline, agent Peter Schaffer said they didn't think a potential lockout was affecting decisions.
"I really don't believe the uncertainty of the labor situation is skewing decisions one way or another in any significant proportion," Schaffer said. "It's pretty much been business as usual."
Captain's List — John ‘Jack' Aubrey #1813
Corsair's Profiles in Leadership Series
Corsair's Publishing Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 11, 2016
The captains of fiction and history have much to teach us. They are leaders who often serve in times of great challenge and turmoil. Articles in this series focus on an individual captain and utilizes their quotes, their writings, and their actions to inspire core leadership elements in all of us.
Captain Jack Aubrey
The hero of Patrick O'Brien's Aubrey/Maturin Novels, Captain Jack Aubrey is an officer in the English Navy. Their character serves during the Napoleonic wars, a time of great conflict and great leaders. This provides O'Brian the opportunity to integrate real world personalities like Lord Nelson into their story lines.
“Lucky Jack” as they are known, is a robust character.  They are colorful and outspoken.  They are a man with many friends and enemies. Much of the dialogue in their 21 book series involves dialogue between them and their ship's physician, Stephen Maturin. The camaraderie of these two men creates much of the novel's appeal.
Jack is not a man of heavy pretenses.  They are well liked by their men and often at odds with the more harsh and/or aloof members of the Royal Navy. As any good hero should, Jack also has a knack for adventure and intrigue.
Science, Art, and Leadership
Jack is a Renaissance Man. As an officer in the Royal Navy, they are an educated man. They have a penchant for both science and art. Their character is credited with a love of violin, astronomy, math, and the natural sciences.
This breadth of knowledge is an asset for any leader. Just like Jack, leaders can draw on other sciences and arts to help them in challenging situations. A broad understanding of other disciplines and creative pursuits; exposes leaders to different ways of thinking, organizing, and learning.
While Jack is a fictional character, this trait was very common among actual naval officers in the 1700's and 1800's. The pursuit of varied interests was considered the mark of a refined commander.
Attention and Intention, not Detail
Second, and somewhat endearing, is Jack's penchant for colorful misuse of expressions and vocabulary. It is touch of humor that Patrick O'Brian has layered into their dialogues. In some circles, these are known as Aubreyisms.
So what can we learn from Captain Aubrey's colorful misquotes and language foibles. They are a reminder that it is often more important to grab your audiences attention than to deliver the perfect quote. When your team or crew is attentive and engaged, intentions are what really matter. Detail can be sorted out later.
Great leaders often mispeak. There is certain charm and approachability to those who are willing to speak passionately and colorfully, even when specific details elude them. If broad knowledge is truly to be embraced, can't we excuse a few muddled details?
Jack is an educated gentleman who leverages their broad knowledge with a loose grasp of the details. They draw broadly from science and art.  They are not afraid to quote and even misquote the common wisdom they draw from that deep exposure. Jack recognizes that it is the attention and intention that count.
When lost, baffled and afraid, I yearn for guidance from an outside power. But is there a God? I hope so. But it's hard to be sure. If there is, They don't seem to pipe up that often with concrete advice. The same cannot be said for the man some consider Their slayer, Richard Dawkins.  They are possessed of all the certainty I look for in the Almighty and their truth is a lot more effable. God is dead, long live God. In the apparent absence of omniscience, I'll settle for a know-all.
So I was glad to hear that the revered professor had spoken out about the forthcoming EU referendum, a subject that has made me feel particularly lost, baffled and afraid lately. Don't misunderstand me, I know how I'm going to vote – I'm for Remain. I'm unshakable on that. I just don't know if I'm right. And I also don't know if the side I'm going to vote for will win. I fear the consequences of its defeat and, to a lesser but still significant extent, I fear the consequences of its victory. I'm not finding any of this much fun.
But Dawkins's words gave me solace. They said: “It is an outrage that people as ignorant as me are being asked to vote. This is a complicated matter of economics, politics, history, and we live in a representative democracy not a plebiscite democracy. You could make a case for having plebiscites on certain issues – I could imagine somebody arguing for one on fox hunting, for example – but not on something as involved as the European Union. This should be a matter for parliament.”
I was comforted by the thought that Dawkins, too, longs for the intercession of a greater power: not God, but government
Goal! Hear hear! Amen. That is so totally what I think, but I didn't realise until I heard it. It was a wondrous epiphany. If the man can work such miracles, maybe there is no God. And I was comforted by the thought that Dawkins, too, longs for the intercession of a greater power: not God, but government. In Britain we get to choose our leaders, and dismiss them if we're disappointed by the direction they've led us in. But we must surely reserve our bitterest disappointment for leaders who refuse to lead us anywhere at all.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Illustration by David Foldvari.
Calling this referendum is the worst thing Cameron has done to Britain. It's such a hugely selfish and irresponsible act that I can hardly believe we've wasted so long talking about how he's eviscerating the NHS, attacking the BBC and slashing disability benefits when, horrendous though those developments are, this crime is much greater because its consequences could be irreversible.
The issues surrounding Britain's membership of the EU are complicated. The EU's problems, its waste and questionable democratic accountability, are clear. So are its trade advantages and the transformation of Europe under its influence from the world's most murderous war zone, in which each generation strove to slaughter in greater numbers than its predecessor, to a largely peaceful continent. Crucially, the EU has made the prospect of a war between France and Germany unthinkable. Few people in 1945 would fail to be amazed and overjoyed by such an achievement.
Maybe the EU's flaws are leading inexorably to tyranny. Or maybe imperialist and xenophobic emotions within Britain are luring us into a self-defeating isolation that will insult our neighbours and make us poorer. These are just the quandaries that come up when you think about it for five minutes. The deeper you get into it, the more terrifying questions arise.
What is the point in politicians if it isn't to give clear answers to those questions? To understand the broad truth that this country wants to continue to exist independently, but also wants to accept global realities enough to protect its prosperity, and then make a bloody decision? Yet both major parties are, to a certain extent, divided on the issue – the party of government disastrously so.
Cameron has structured their whole career around avoiding this question – around continuing to lead a party that's divided on the most important decision about the country's future. All because they worked out that, if the subject of the EU was properly debated by the Tories, the party would split and it would be harder for them to become prime minister.
So they have conspired in the absurd scenario where successive general elections have been fought on other issues – where Britain's future in Europe has not really been addressed by the Tories and instead this bunch of aspiring leaders who can't agree on this vital issue of leadership have brushed it aside, saying: “We'll hold a referendum”; “We'll let you decide”; “Let us be captain of the ship but we'll negotiate the most lethal reefs by holding a steering vote among the passengers.” I don't think a political party has any business existing if it can't agree a policy on this.
Cameron's policy-avoidance policy was deftly done, mind you. It plays well, rhetorically – telling people they'll get to decide, flattering the public's estimation of its collective wisdom. It's a rhetoric politicians have increasingly used of late: “We're just normal decent people who listen”; “We're like an unthreatening mate whose heart's in the right place”; “By putting us in power you haven't committed to anything except fair and sensible niceness for hard-working people who do the right thing.”
“Make the public think that all a leader needs to be is normal and inoffensive, and then maybe I've got a chance!” is the modern politician's motto. We've stopped looking to MPs to display great intelligence, insight, fortitude or a cool head in a crisis. Now they just get to shrug and say “It's tricky, isn't it?” “Vote for me, I think it's tricky too!”
They won't step up and lead. They won't say they know. Expertise is dismissed as elitist. It's worse to be “out of touch” with the price of milk than to misunderstand the consequences of Britain suddenly severing all its trade deals. They're happy for that decision to be made by random vote after a frenzied few months of both sides trying to make the other seem the more apocalyptic or Hitlerian, everyone suddenly so certain in their hyperbole.
Except perhaps David Cameron himself. He's campaigning for Remain but, according to their long-time political ally Steve Hilton, Cameron's “instinct” is for Brexit: “If they were a member of the public… I'm certain that they would be for Leave.” So perhaps they can't decide. Our leader doesn't know which way to go. I'm not just sorry he's prime minister – I'm sorry they get a vote.
This graphic illustrates a system that uses a laser and electrical field to precisely position and align carbon nanotubes, representing a potential new tool for assembling sensors and devices out of the tiny nanotubes and nanowires. The two microscope images at the bottom show the nanotubes aligned (left) and returning to their random orientation after the electric field and laser were turned off. (Purdue University image/Avanish Mishra and Steven Wereley)
Download Photo
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. — A system that uses a laser and electrical current to precisely position and align carbon nanotubes represents a potential new tool for creating electronic devices out of the tiny fibers.
Because carbon nanotubes have unique thermal and electrical properties, they may have future applications in electronic cooling and as devices in microchips, sensors and circuits. Being able to orient the carbon nanotubes in the same direction and precisely position them could allow these nanostructures to be used in such applications.
However, it is difficult to manipulate something so small that thousands of them would fit within the diameter of a single strand of hair, said Steven T. Wereley, a professor of mechanical engineering at Purdue University.
"One of the things we can do with this technique is assemble carbon nanotubes, put them where we want and make them into complicated structures," they said.
New findings from research led by Purdue doctoral student Avanish Mishra are detailed in a paper that has appeared online March 24 in the journal Microsystems and Nanoengineering, published by the Nature Publishing Group.
The technique, called rapid electrokinetic patterning (REP), uses two parallel electrodes made of indium tin oxide, a transparent and electrically conductive material. The nanotubes are arranged randomly while suspended in deionized water. Applying an electric field causes them to orient vertically. Then an infrared laser heats the fluid, producing a doughnut-shaped vortex of circulating liquid between the two electrodes. This vortex enables the researchers to move the nanotubes and reposition them.
"When we apply the electric field, they are immediately oriented vertically, and then when we apply the laser, it starts a vortex, that sweeps them into little nanotube forests," Wereley said.
The research paper was authored by Mishra; Purdue graduate student Katherine Clayton; University of Louisville student Vanessa Velasco; Stuart J. Williams, an assistant professor of mechanical engineering at the University of Louisville and director of the Integrated Microfluidic Systems Laboratory; and Wereley. Williams is a former doctoral student at Purdue.
The technique overcomes limitations of other methods for manipulating particles measured on the scale of nanometers, or billionths of a meter. In this study, the procedure was used for multiwalled carbon nanotubes, which are rolled-up ultrathin sheets of carbon called graphene. However, according to the researchers, using this technique other nanoparticles such as nanowires and nanorods can be similarly positioned and fixed in vertical orientation.
The researchers have received a U.S. patent on the system.
The experimental work was performed at the Birck Nanotechnology Center in Purdue's Discovery Park. Future research will explore using the technique to create devices.
Writer: Emil Venere, 765-494-4709, venere@purdue.edu
Sources: Steven T. Wereley, 765-494-5624, wereley@purdue.edu
Note to Journalists: The research paper is available at http://www.nature.com/articles/micronano20165 or by contacting Emil Venere, 765-494-4709, venere@purdue.edu. The doi is:10.1038/micronano.2016.5
Image copyright Getty Images
For all my obsession with the probable exit of Greece from the euro and the most important social-security-cutting and tax-reforming UK budget for many years, there is an earthquake happening in China that may end up touching our lives as much.
It is the plunge over the past month of Chinese shares - whose value has dropped by around a third since the high of 12 June.
So to make an apple-and-pears comparison: the loss in the value of Chinese companies at more than $3 trillion is about 20 times what most economists expect the write-offs of Greek government debt will ultimately turn out to be.
The difference, of course, is that the $3 trillion loss is divided among around 90 million Chinese people, rather than a handful of European governments.
But not to be sniffed at is the political significance of 90 million Chinese - who number more than membership of the Chinese Communist Party - feeling a lot less wealthy.
Which is why Beijing has been throwing everything at trying to find a way to end the rout - including cutting the cost of money - and has been failing miserably.
One of the so-called solutions to this market disaster is that an astonishing 1301 companies have had trading in their shares suspended. Their prices can't fall any more because the shares can't be bought or sold.
But this means that a further $2.6 trillion of wealth, tied up in these shares, is completely frozen - which adds insult to investors' capital-loss injury.
Here's the chilling thing. What's going on in China is madly redolent of the 1929 Wall Street crash.
Here's why.
The 150% rise over a year in the Shanghai Composite Index to its mid-June peak was largely driven by investors borrowing to buy shares, or margin trading in the jargon, just as happened in the US during the Roaring Twenties.
And the subsequent self-reinforcing collapse has been driven by China's indebted investors being forced to sell shares to meet their debts.
As for the economic significance of what is going on, well these very big stock markets in Shanghai and Shenzhen are no longer serving their core purpose of supplying equity capital to businesses - which will have a significant negative impact on Chinese growth.
And the collapse completely undermines Beijing's attempt to shift economic power from State Owned Enterprises to the private sector and markets.
The public sector is once again all powerful and all important.
And if the market rout leads to a further significant deceleration in the growth of the world's second-biggest economy, we will all feel the aftershocks.
I recently testified at a joint subcommittee hearing held by the House Foreign Affairs Committee about prospects for a US - UK free trade agreement (my written statement is here). I focused on the possible content of the agreement. In my view, the lengthy – and so far unsuccessful – US trade negotiations in the Pacific region (the TPP) and with the EU (the TTIP) are an indication that perhaps we have expanded trade agreements to cover too many issues. If we want the US - UK trade negotiations to be completed any time soon, we need something more modest, focusing on trade liberalization and doing less global governance.
One issue I did not cover in my written statement, but which came up in the questions during the hearing, was how the US should approach its trade negotiations with the EU after Brexit. Everyone seemed to agree that the US should pursue a free trade agreement with the UK as soon as permitted (although there are disagreements about when that can occur). But what should happen to the ongoing trade negotiations with the EU?
The Trump administration has not made any official statement on its view of the TTIP, but there are a couple worrying signs. First, the Financial Times notes the Trump administration's preference for bilateral trade deals, and quotes Peter Navarro, the head of the White House National Trade Council, saying that they think the TTIP is a multilateral deal:
The new president says they prefer bilateral trade deals rather than the broad multilateral accords pursued by Barack Obama, their predecessor. Mr. Trump last week also withdrew from a 12-country Pacific Rim deal negotiated by Mr. Obama. “A big obstacle to viewing TTIP as a bilateral deal is Germany, which continues to exploit other countries in the EU as well as the US with an ‘implicit Deutsche Mark' that is grossly undervalued,” Mr. Navarro said. “The German structural imbalance in trade with the rest of the EU and the US underscores the economic heterogeneity [diversity] within the EU — ergo, this is a multilateral deal in bilateral dress.”
While this is not a definitive statement of US policy, it may suggest reluctance among some people in the Trump administration to continue the negotiations with the EU.
In addition, Inside US Trade reports that someone in the White House has been contacting individual EU member states about bilateral trade talks:
Several EU member states believe that Trump administration requests to negotiate bilateral deals with individual countries – requests that have been rebuffed in deference to the European Commission – stem from White House advisers acting without secretaries and full staffs at key agencies that might have influenced the U.S. approach, EU sources said. Because member states have ceded the competence to negotiate trade deals to the Commission, they have told the Trump administration they cannot work on bilateral deals, these sources said. … Member states have greeted the Trump administration's requests in mixed ways, with some chalking them up to the administration's unfamiliarity with the EU system of government and others viewing them as an affront to the European Commission's competence over trade policy.
This may be a simple misunderstanding, but it also may be a conscious effort to undermine the EU.
Whatever you think of the EU as a force for trade liberalization (you may like its internal free trade; you may not like its agriculture subsidies), I think it is clear that the US government should let the EU and its member states decide how they want to participate in world affairs. If the UK wants to leave the EU, and negotiate its own trade agreements, that is fine. If all of the other EU members want to stay in the EU and participate in trade negotiations as a single entity, that is also fine. Thus, the US should definitely negotiate a trade agreement with the UK. But the US should also continue its negotiations with the EU, and not get hung up on the question of whether a deal with the EU would be “bilateral” or “multilateral.”
Canada is the sixth most prosperous country in the world, according to a newly released index by a London think tank.
The Legatum Prosperity Index looks at 142 countries, across eight categories like economy, and safety and security.
Research Analyst Harriet Maltby says Canada ranked at the top of the list in the category of personal freedom.
“I mean, it has the highest tolerance of immigrants in the world, the fifth highest tolerance of ethnic minorities, and also, I mean, 94 per cent of Canadians are satisfied with their freedom of choice, which is fifth highest in the world,” they said.
The lowest score for our country is in entrepreneurship, where we rank 15th globally, but Maltby says that's still two places up from last year, so the trend is in the right direction.
“If you look at Australia and New Zealand, countries that are quite primarily industry-heavy, they do very well in the index overall, but in the entrepreneurship measure, they come up 14th in Australia's case, and in New Zealand's case, 17th,” Maltby said.
Norway has nabbed the title as the most prosperous country on earth.
The United States is 11th.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Last year, as Volkswagen Group's diesel-emissions-scandal snowball began to roll downhill, the automaker stated that every brand and model line would be put under financial review. This was as sensible move, as the scandal's cost to VW could stretch well into the billions of dollars, meaning any nonessential projects could understandably be dust-binned for the company's greater financial good. Per Automotive News, this is exactly what's happening, in part, to VW Group member Porsche's anticipated “960” mid-engine supercar.
We say “in part” because the 960, an exotic piece intended to fill in the space between the sold-out 918 hypercar and the 911 Turbo S in Porsche's lineup, hasn't been outright canned yet. It has, however, been subjected to lengthy delay, apparently in an effort to rally funds for settling the obligations due from Volkswagen's diesel-emissions cheat. Originally slated to debut by 2019, the 960, according to Automotive News, won't appear until 2026. The pricey (think $250,000) Porsche is hardly Job One in the halls of VW.
However pragmatic the decision, color us sad. Early details of the 960's layout and features have us salivating: A quad-turbocharged flat-eight engine, possibly with variable-compression-ratio technology (similar to that just revealed by Infiniti), bolted into the middle of a sweet body. With McLaren breathing down Porsche's neck by offering exotic-looking goods such as the 570S priced in 911 Turbo S territory, Porsche could use a proper supercar-supercar to play in the $250,000–$350,000 space, where it would battle the McLaren 650S, Ferrari 488GTB, and Lamborghini Huracán. (The outgoing 918 Spyder, by the way, cost just shy of $1 million.) The Porsche could ride on the new VW Modular Sports Car architecture, which eventually will underpin every sports car in the automaker's lineup, and even a future Lamborghini and an Audi. In the meantime, get ready to wait.
“During the long occupation, American troops began encountering old chemical munitions in hidden caches and roadside bombs. Typically 155-millimeter artillery shells or 122-millimeter rockets, they were remnants of an arms program Iraq had rushed into production in the 1980s during the Iran-Iraq war.
“All had been manufactured before 1991, participants said. Filthy, rusty or corroded, a large fraction of them could not be readily identified as chemical weapons at all. Some were empty, though many of them still contained potent mustard agent or residual sarin. Most could not have been used as designed, and when they ruptured dispersed the chemical agents over a limited area, according to those who collected the majority of them.”
— The New York Times, Oct. 15, 2014
A New York Times investigation into military casualties of Iraq's abandoned chemical weapons has inspired some commentary that this proves that the George W. Bush administration's assertions about Iraq's WMD programs turned out to be correct.
But note that the Times story says that these weapons were manufactured before the 1991 invasion of Kuwait. Indeed, from 1991 to 1998, U.N. weapons inspectors uncovered Iraq's secret biological weapons program and a project to enrich uranium — and then eliminated vast stockpiles of chemical and biological agents. Such pre-1991 chemical-weapons shells (often empty) were found by U.N. weapons inspectors just before the 2003 invasion of Iraq by the United States. The Bush administration, by contrast, staked its WMD claims on an active, on-going program that was restarted after the Kuwait conflict.
As a reader service, here are several examples of Bush administration claims made before the 2003 war started. None of these claims of renewed production turned out to be true, despite multiple investigations and reports after the war. As you will see, then-Secretary of State Colin Powell refers to finding empty shells for chemical weapons but argues that satellite intelligence shows that Iraq has an active chemical weapons program. (Click on the headlines to see the full text.)
(Photo via CIA.gov)
Iraq largely has rebuilt missile and biological weapons facilities damaged during Operation Desert Fox and has expanded its chemical and biological infrastructure under the cover of civilian production…. Although Saddam probably does not yet have nuclear weapons or sufficient material to make any, they remain intent on acquiring them. Baghdad has begun renewed production of chemical warfare agents, probably including mustard, sarin, cyclosarin, and VX. Its capability was reduced during the UNSCOM inspections and is probably more limited now than it was at the time of the Gulf war, although VX production and agent storage life probably have been improved.
Saddam probably has stocked a few hundred metric tons of CW agents.
The Iraqis have experience in manufacturing CW bombs, artillery rockets, and projectiles, and probably possess CW bulk fills for SRBM warheads, including for a limited number of covertly stored, extended-range Scuds.
All key aspects—R&D, production, and weaponization—of Iraq's offensive BW [Biological Weapons] program are active and most elements are larger and more advanced than they were before the Gulf war.
Iraq has some lethal and incapacitating BW agents and is capable of quickly producing and weaponizing a variety of such agents, including anthrax, for delivery by bombs, missiles, aerial sprayers, and covert operatives, including potentially against the US Homeland.
Baghdad has established a large-scale, redundant, and concealed BW agent production capability, which includes mobile facilities; these facilities can evade detection, are highly survivable, and can exceed the production rates Iraq had prior to the Gulf war.
Iraq maintains a small missile force and several development programs, including for a UAV that most analysts believe probably is intended to deliver biological warfare agents.
The Iraqi regime has violated all of those obligations. It possesses and produces chemical and biological weapons. It is seeking nuclear weapons…. Surveillance photos reveal that the regime is rebuilding facilities that it had used to produce chemical and biological weapons. Every chemical and biological weapon that Iraq has or makes is a direct violation of the truce that ended the Persian Gulf War in 1991. Yet, Saddam Hussein has chosen to build and keep these weapons despite international sanctions, U.N. demands, and isolation from the civilized world…. Iraq could decide on any given day to provide a biological or chemical weapon to a terrorist group or individual terrorists. Alliance with terrorists could allow the Iraqi regime to attack America without leaving any fingerprints. Satellite photographs reveal that Iraq is rebuilding facilities at sites that have been part of its nuclear program in the past. Iraq has attempted to purchase high-strength aluminum tubes and other equipment needed for gas centrifuges, which are used to enrich uranium for nuclear weapons. If the Iraqi regime is able to produce, buy, or steal an amount of highly enriched uranium a little larger than a single softball, it could have a nuclear weapon in less than a year.
We know that Saddam's son, Qusay, ordered the removal of all prohibited weapons from Saddam's numerous palace complexes. We know that Iraqi government officials, members of the ruling Baath Party and scientists have hidden prohibited items in their homes. Other key files from military and scientific establishments have been placed in cars that are being driven around the countryside by Iraqi intelligence agents to avoid detection.
While we were here in this council chamber debating Resolution 1441 last fall, we know, we know from sources that a missile brigade outside Baghdad was disbursing rocket launchers and warheads containing biological warfare agents to various locations, distributing them to various locations in western Iraq. Most of the launchers and warheads have been hidden in large groves of palm trees and were to be moved every one to four weeks to escape detection.
It should come as no shock then, that since Saddam Hussein forced out the last inspectors in 1998, we have amassed much intelligence indicating that Iraq is continuing to make these weapons. One of the most worrisome things that emerges from the thick intelligence file we have on Iraq's biological weapons is the existence of mobile production facilities used to make biological agents…. The trucks and train cars are easily moved and are designed to evade detection by inspectors.
In a matter of months, they can produce a quantity of biological poison equal to the entire amount that Iraq claimed to have produced in the years prior to the Gulf War. Let's look at one [slide]. This one is about a weapons munition facility, a facility that holds ammunition at a place called Taji. This is one of about 65 such facilities in Iraq. We know that this one has housed chemical munitions. In fact, this is where the Iraqis recently came up with the additional four chemical weapon shells.
Here, you see 15 munitions bunkers in yellow and red outlines. The four that are in red squares represent active chemical munitions bunkers. How do I know that? How can I say that? Let me give you a closer look. Look at the image on the left. On the left is a close-up of one of the four chemical bunkers. The two arrows indicate the presence of sure signs that the bunkers are storing chemical munitions. The arrow at the top that says security points to a facility that is the signature item for this kind of bunker. Inside that facility are special guards and special equipment to monitor any leakage that might come out of the bunker. The truck you also see is a signature item. It's a decontamination vehicle in case something goes wrong.
The Pinocchio Test
Anyone who claims that the New York Times story vindicates George W. Bush-era claims of Iraq WMD automatically earns Four Pinocchios.
Four Pinocchios
(About our rating scale)
Send us facts to check by filling out this form
Follow The Fact Checker on Twitter and friend us on Facebook
Star Wars is sacred to geeks. Characters in Kevin Smith movies refer to it as "the Holy Trilogy," and for almost as long as Star Wars has existed, fans have wanted to know more about the universe outside of the movies—and the canonicity of all the elements of that universe is the subject of almost ecclesiastical-scale debates. The movies are unquestionably official—they are the foundational elements of Star Wars, even Episodes I-III. However, the combined mass of video games, board games, tie-in novels, cartoons, and anything else branded with a Star Wars logo occupies a lesser tier in the hierarchy: all these things are still "official" in that they carry the logo, but they are merely part of the Star Wars Expanded Universe.
The Expanded Universe—the "EU"—sprawls like a bloated dead thing with tentacles stretching in all directions. Everything is in there: Timothy Zahn's Thrawn series (which introduced the eponymous Admiral Thrawn, as well as fan favorite Mara Jade, the former Emperor's Hand-turned-smuggler who overcame their hatred of Luke Skywalker and became their wife). Clone Wars and The Old Republic. The Yuuzhan Vong and the death of Chewbacca. Kevin J. Anderson and all the unspeakably, unreadably bad literary atrocities for which he's responsible.
A sci-fi universe with as long a tail as Star Wars can be death for new stories, though. Finding space among the EU to make a mark without being hamstrung by established ideas is difficult, and even keeping the EU somewhat organized is challenging. Its growth has been cancerous—like a tumor, it has no plan and no organization—it simply expands, blindly, as the collective fan engine shovels in new material.
And like a tumor, Disney is going to rip it out.
The mouse and the chainsaw
Word began trickling out over Twitter last week that Disney will be drastically redefining the state of the Star Wars lore, eliminating the bifurcated mainline/EU arrangement and in its place constructing a single official canon. All things that are part of the canon are "real," as far as Star Wars is concerned; all things not in the canon are "not real." This eliminates the quasi-real EU tier—going forward, things will either exist officially, or not at all.
Lucasfilm employee Leland Chee, who currently maintains the internal Lucasfilm database that tracks the different elements of the canon, will be one of the folks making this decision. They tweeted that "Star Wars Canon is now determined by the Lucasfilm Story Group," which they and fellow Lucasfilm employee Pablo Hidalgo are part of. When asked specifically whether the group's goal was to eliminate the mainline/EU canon arrangement and its tiers of official-ness, Chee responded with a definitive yes. "More so than ever," they said, "the canon field will serve us internally simply for classification rather than setting hierarchy."
Now, no longer will there be a complex multi-level hierarchy of canonicity—there will simply be canon, and not.
This is an excellent decision, and one that a certain other science fiction franchise whose name also includes the word "Star" made long ago. For Star Trek, the tie-in novels and other ephemera have always been non-canonical. At times, this has been a good thing, because some of the novels have been truly terrible, although at other times it's prevented Star Trek from going down what might have been some truly wonderful paths (like an on-screen exploration of John M. Ford's beautifully poetic take on the Klingons, or a far less idiotic tale of Human-Vulcan first contact).
De-crapifying the universe
The slap-dash, anyone-can-add-to-it nature of the existing Expanded Universe and its tiers is great for detail-oriented fans who want to write a Mary Sue fanfic that includes a perfectly accurate depiction of the seven prime forms of lightsaber combat, but it's absolute poison for Disney. The company will be releasing their next Star Wars movie in 2015, and the giant swamp of the EU stretches out before them, threatening to ensnare and swallow up any potential ideas they might try to include. They need to be able to re-launch the franchise in a direction that they control, and that requires the freedom to let Empire Strikes Back writer Lawrence Kasdan pen the script without worrying about stumbling over years' worth of baggage. In fact, Kasdan's unfamiliarity with the EU is a strength here—and one that Disney is capitalizing on by drastically reducing the number of things they have to worry about.
Most of the EU is simply layers and layers of garbage. It's filled with thinly veiled Mary Sue characters, ludicrous minutiae, and a ponderous and plodding history (past AND future) of the galaxy. It's creaky under its own weight, and Chee's pruning is a welcome change. In him, Disney has a person who intimately understands the core elements of what makes Star Wars, Star Wars.
It's unclear at this point what in the EU will be pitched out into the trash, and what will be promoted to canon. When asked, Chee themselves responded that they can't say when fans will be able to see the results the trim's impact on the universe's lore. Still, it's a safe assumption that every single bit of EU story set after The Return of the Jedi will have to go—and, for the most part, good riddance to it, because almost all of it is terrible.
Ironically, nuking all post-RotJ material would remove Timothy Zahn's Thrawn trilogy, which Lucasfilm authorized and provided limited collaboration on. Zahn's three books are easily the best of the often-literally-vomit-inducing tie-in novels, but they also are set shortly after the events of RotJ and deal specifically with the aftermath of the fall of the Empire. Losing them would mean losing some of the best content the EU has to offer; it would also, however, mean considerably more latitude in following up Episodes IV-VI.
Regardless of what gets kept, the chainsawing of canon is unequivocally a good thing. It's time to dump the EU into the garbage chute and feed it to the dianoga.
STUTTGART, Germany, Jan. 31 (UPI) -- German luxury automaker Porsche has announced planned cuts in worker hours amid falling demand for its vehicles.
The company said because sales have dipped 14 percent for the six months to the end of January, and it needed to cut costs. Porsche said it sold 34,000 fewer cars and SUVs than for the same period a year ago.
In the United States, Porsche's largest market, the company had a 27 percent drop in sales, while in Germany total sales declined 26 percent, the BBC reported.
Porsche also said it will cut production by about 19 days between February and April. The company had cut eight days of production in January at its main facility in Zuffenhausen.
Porsche is not the only carmaker to trim production, the British broadcaster said.
Japanese auto manufacturer Honda is set to close one of its British factories for four months, affecting 2,500 workers. Honda's net profit for the three months December plunged 89 percent, the BBC said.
Production shutdown periods have been experienced at car plants owned by BMW, Bentley, Vauxhall, Honda, Jaguar, Land Rover, Nissan, Rolls-Royce and Toyota.
Image A bottle of Swinger, a variety of mead made from wildflower honey. Credit Bryan Anselm for The New York Times
“Mead,” they said, “is the next big trend in craft beverages.”
A recent sold-out 90-minute tour of Melovino lent credence to that claim. Twenty-five people paid $20 each to walk through the production facility, which currently bottles 42,000 gallons of mead per year in more than 30 varieties, and were treated to a tasting afterward. Melovino offers seven tours per weekend, and, Mr. Moutela said, they consistently sell out.
“We keep having to add more,” they said.
Curiosity ran high among attendees during the recent session. Hands shot up in the chilly production room, with its nine massive stainless-steel vats of diluted and fermenting honey, as the visitors asked questions on topics such as mead's alcohol content (generally 12 to 14 percent, similar to many wines); whether it can be aged (yes, Mr. Moutela answered, “but like a $4 bottle of red wine, you can't keep it for 20 years and expect it'll be great if it's not good to begin with”); and whether it is always sweet because it is made from honey (no; meads, like wines, can be dry).
During the tasting session, which featured countertop spittoons and food-pairing suggestions, participants learned that a mead labeled Sinfonia went well with a cigar or anything in mushroom sauce, while another, Sweet Affair Hers, was best suited to serving with cave-aged Havarti or milk chocolate with hazelnuts.
Melovino buys some of its honey locally, from Stiles Apiaries in Fords, N.J. “The flavor depends on the nectar the bees sourced,” said Mr. Moutela, who uses wildflower, buckwheat, orange blossom, clover, tupelo and other types of honey that range in taste from floral and citrusy to fruity and spicy.
A mead's flavor, though, does not derive from the honey alone.
“The possibilities are endless,” Mr. Moutela said. “Have you ever heard of a grape wine having ghost peppers? With mead you can do that.” Local apple cider can also be used to dilute the honey instead of water, something that Mr. Moutela did recently with a mead they call Nice as Pie.
Share On more Share On more
1. Because we take our Mexican food VERY seriously: Flickr: camknows Flickr: prayitnophotography It's the best Mexican food you'll find that's not, well...actually in Mexico. (Although that's readily accessible too, just FYI.)
2. But we'll still admit that the California burrito — carne asada + fries — is what dreams are made of: Flickr: kirkh ♫ Ain't nobody love you like I love you ♫
3. Because we know a thing or two about good beer: Flickr: madichan Flickr: madichan SD is home to nearly 100 breweries — including AleSmith, Ballast Point, and Stone Brewing Co. — and has been called "The Craft Beer Capital of America."
4. Because we'll never outgrow the San Diego Zoo: Flickr: lwr Flickr: 9422878@N08 Flickr: cfavero Yes, we went there on field trips as a kid. No, we're not afraid to admit that as adults, we still love it.
5. Because we can wear flip flops all the damn time: Flickr: 18706689@N04 Flickr: saechang Non-San Diegans might not like it, but TBH we're too busy basking in the sunshine and eating prolific burritos to care about your opinions on our footwear.
6. Because while we all know that La Jolla Cove is beautiful... Flickr: dirkhansen
7. We also know that these little guys who cluster on the rocks are way better: Flickr: 57108987@N00 Flickr: nathaninsandiego The seals are ~all of us~.
8. Because Gaslamp Quarter is a playground: Flickr: justininsd An expensive playground, but a playground nonetheless.
9. Because Horton Plaza looks like it took a page right out of a Dr. Seuss book: Flickr: michael-seljos Flickr: pmeimon Find me a shopping mall that's more aggressively vibrant than this one.
10. And because Petco Park is downright gorgeous: Flickr: justininsd Never mind that we rarely fill all the seats and that the Padres haven't won the pennant since 1998. It's still a lovely place to see a ballgame, OK?
11. Because our signs run the gamut: Flickr: nathaninsandiego Flickr: chrisgold There's something for everyone.
12. Because you can ditch your car for the day if you need to: Flickr: justininsd For once, it's not the end of the world if you don't have a car. From trolleys to trains, if you just don't feel like dealing with the traffic downtown or the big game bottleneck at Qualcomm, there are ways to get around it.
13. Because with 70 miles of coastline, there's always something on the water: Flickr: dandechiaro Like the massive USS Midway.
14. Because Balboa Park is bigger than Central Park: Flickr: jimnix Flickr: photos_by_clark With art galleries, gardens, The Globe, the zoo, and more than a dozen museums.
15. Because beaches are never far: Flickr: texifornianjames (Are we even at the beach that often? Nope.)
16. And if you get tired of those, everything else is just a drive away: Flickr: simonov Flickr: tombricker From the mountains, to the desert, to Disneyland; For a quick weekend trip out of town, SD is a prime starting (and ending!) point.
17. Because you can explore sea caves... Flickr: 87979193@N00
19. And looming lighthouses: Flickr: 87979193@N00 Like this one in Point Loma.
The Office of Career Services at Columbia University's School of International and Political Affairs emailed students this week to say that a SIPA alum working at the State Department wanted them to know that posting or discussing Wikileaks documents on social media sites like Facebook and Twitter could jeopardize their chances of getting work with the federal government in the future.
Going further, an assistant dean at Boston University's law school contacted students there to let them know that even reading Wikileaks cables could “be seen as a violation of Executive Order 13526,” and thus imperil federal employment. After warning them — in all caps — not to post links or comments on the documents online, they helpfully reminded them that “polygraphs are conducted for the highest levels of security clearance.”
Update | You're gonna love this. Gary Sick, a senior faculty member at Columbia's SIPA, has blogged about Wikileaks twice in the last week. Both blogposts discussed the contents of the leaked cables, and one even linked to the cablegate archive — the same archive that the university has warned students not to discuss. But wait, it gets better: SIPA's own website currently includes a prominent link to Sick's blog.
Second Update | Here's a post from a student-run blog at SIPA eviscerating the school for warning students not to discuss Wikileaks. Key quote: “Seriously, SIPA? … You claim to provide committed students with the necessary skills and perspectives to become responsible leaders. Apparently that means curtailing their academic freedom and teaching them how to bury their heads in the sand.”
Third Update | A State Department spokesperson tells the Huffington Post that the department has “given no advice to anyone beyond the State Department to my knowledge.” On the other hand, the Columbia SIPA email credited “a SIPA alumnus who is working at the State Department” for the advice.
December 7 Update | Columbia's School of International and Political Studies has repudiated the advice in the email. Says Dean John Coatsworth: “SIPA's position is that students have a right to discuss and debate any information in the public arena that they deem relevant to their studies or to their roles as global citizens, and to do so without fear of adverse consequences.” Even better, SIPA professor Gary Sick — whose blogposts on Wikileaks I noted above — says that any international relations SIPA student who hasn't “gone looking for the [Wikileaks] documents that relate to their area of study” doesn't “deserve to be a graduate student in international relations.”
The following is an opinion editorial article written by Brig. Gen. Jeffery Sinclair.
Guess who's back? Back again. Jeffy's back. Tell a friend. That's right, mother fuckers! Brigadier Fuckin' General Jeffrey Fuckin' Sinclair up in the muh-fuckin' hay-ouse!
You may have noticed, I'm pretty fuckin' jazzed. Perhaps you've heard that the judge in my court martial has ruled there's been just a bit of undue command influence in the prosecution's decision to deny my plea bargain. Can I get a what, what?
Fuck. Yeah.
Here's what that means to Uncle Jeffy: I ain't out of the woods just yet, but I ain't getting hung out to dry just yet either. I certainly won't be allowed a real job anytime soon. But now that the trial is delayed indefinitely, I ain't losing any rank in the meantime, either. Can I handle checking out basketballs at Towle Fitness Center on O-7 pay? It's worth a shot.
It's been cray since I talked to you cats last. The world of military sexual assault is getting more than a little bit of light shone on it.
We had Sgt. 1st Class Gregory McQueen allegedly running a prostitution ring out at Fort Hood. Listen, I've been to Fort Hood. That place is a dump. Everybody could use some trim, know what I'm saying? Especially those mopes at Hood. The icing on this particular case is that McQueen is a sexual assault prevention NCO for their battalion. Cannot make this shit up. Look at that guy then look at me. I'm a fuckin' prince in comparison to that guy.
And my dick's bigger.
Our friends in blue got blue balls, too. Air Force Lt. Col. Jeffrey Krusinski (another Jeff, coincidence?) got in hot water when they allegedly groped a woman's butt cheeks and breasticles in a Crystal City, Va. parking lot. Did I mention the woman in question may have been a man, man! Give you two guesses what this guy's job was. Yup. Sexual assault prevention chief for THE ENTIRE FUCKING AIR FORCE!
At the very least you have to admit that preventing sexual assault wasn't my job. I got time for one more.
Let's talk about Lt. Col. Joseph “Jay” Morse. This guy is a real piece of work. Seriously, I'm taking fucking notes off this cat. He's a Judge Advocate attorney, or as I like to call them, Jag Off. Again, we have an O-5 groping on some fine piece of tail. By now, you can probably guess that they were involved in sexual assault prevention. Well, it gets better. They were the Army's chief prosecutor for sexual crimes. They supervised more than 20 other Jag Offs who focused on sex crimes in the Army. The alleged victim is a sexual assault prosecutor herself. The event took place at a sexual assault prevention conference.
We're through the looking glass on this one. It's like we took the blue pill and followed the rabbit down the sexual assault hole. And by blue pill I don't mean Viagra. I don't need that shit. My dick is engorged at all times. When I see a pretty chick, it doesn't get harder, it sweats.
Before I go, I need to remind all the grooming Nazis out there griping about my haircut, or lack thereof, that mothafuckin' generals set their own mothfuckin' uniform regs, Jack. Check out these sweet sideburns. Hey, Chandler, eat a dick. Preferably mine. No homo.
Anyway, my hair is long for a reason. How else could I run my fingers through these luscious locks as I give scores of grade-A fillies a one-way ticket to pound town? How else is my hair going to flutter in the breeze as I slap some very willing (as per my lawyers) subordinate on the ass as they hand me a stack of papers? I'm willing to bet that you all never even considered that.
But back to my main point as I close. Seriously, the military needs to do a better job taking care of this sexual assault business. My case is small potatoes. These guys are fucking villains.
Alright, Uncle Jeffy is fuckin' out!
The Occupy Wall Street movement and its various Canadian spinoffs are reviving the public debate about income distribution north of the border. On Friday, NDP leadership hopeful Brian Topp cast their lot with the “eat the rich” zeitgeist by advocating income tax hikes on the wealthy. Others are skeptical that heating up the fiscal pressure on the top earners is the most effective way to tackle yawning inequality.
Regardless of what constitutes the best policy cure, Occupy movements across the globe–and they've spread throughout the developed world–have put their finger on a real and widespread malaise of advanced economies. Between the mid-1980s and the mid-2000s inequality rose in most of the rich countries that make up the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, and in Canada income disparities have surpassed the OECD average. Granted, our super-rich are not quite as “super” as America's wealthiest. In 2007, the threshold to qualify as one of Canada's top one per cent of earners was a relatively modest $169,000 a year, compared to the U.S.'s eye-popping $400,000. Still, between 1980 and 2005 the earnings of Canada's bottom income group fell by 20.6 per cent, according to Statistics Canada, whereas top incomes rose by 16.4 per cent. Folks in between generally saw their salaries stagnate like their peers in the U.S., where increased worker productivity has not translated into comparable income gains for the middle class.
Whether it's a matter of taxing the top, or propping up the bottom and the middle, income distribution is likely to become a hot-button issue. Check out our calculator above to find out where you rank!
*Calculations are based on data from the Canada Revenue Agency's Interim Income Statistics report, 2011 Edition (2009 tax year), Table 2 (All returns by total income class). Note that percentiles refer to income brackets, so an income of $29,999 falls into the bottom 51.9 per cent of Canadian tax-filers, whereas an income of $30,000 belongs to the top 48.1 per cent. Also, incomes below $1 and above $249,999 are not pictured proportionally. We'd like to also thank the Conference Board of Canada and Armine Yalnizyan of the Canadian Centre for Policy Alternatives for their assistance with research for the calculator.
CLOSE A USA TODAY investigation finds America's retail giants have spent a decade ignoring signs of labor abuse in their supply chains, sometimes fighting government efforts to crack down, even as thousands of truckers were driven into debt and poverty. USA TODAY
Reyes Castellanos, 58, has gallstones and no health insurance, because he's labeled an independent contractor instead of an employee. Near-constant pain causes them to wince repeatedly. Money is tight and it's not getting any better. (Photo: Omar Ornelas, The Desert Sun via USA TODAY Network)
The U.S. military helped fuel labor abuse at America's largest ports by relying on trucking companies to move goods even after they violated labor laws and were found to have cheated drivers out of fair pay, a USA TODAY Network investigation found.
XPO Logistics and California Cartage, both found guilty of labor infractions, and another company, Konoike-Pacific, accused of the same kinds of violations by a quarter of its drivers, continue to work as federal contractors or subcontractors.
The companies participate in multi-billion-dollar deals to ship military vehicles and commissary items overseas, raking in taxpayer dollars even after hundreds of drivers leveled formal wage complaints against them.
Drivers at each company said in testimony and interviews they were forced to pay expenses for company equipment. Many drivers said their wages dropped to pennies per hour after companies deducted those costs from their weekly pay. Some said they worked past legal limits and to the point of exhaustion to keep up with the fees. The companies denied the allegations in court.
The Service Contract Act requires federal government contractors and subcontractors to pay their employees minimum wage, with benefits and guaranteed safe workplaces.
After learning of the government's ties with these port companies, prominent Democrats in the U.S. Senate spoke out against any agencies funding them.
“The DoD shouldn't be giving taxpayer-funded contracts to companies that cheat their workers out of wages or take shortcuts on safety,” said Sen. Elizabeth Warren of Massachusetts.
Sen. Bernie Sanders called for President Donald Trump to audit the industry and issue an executive order banning port trucking companies with labor violations from receiving federal contracts.
The government shouldn't reward companies that “exploit and abuse” their truckers, Sanders wrote in a letter Thursday to Trump. “That is unacceptable.”
The Defense Department did not answer questions about what steps it has taken to root out abusive labor practices since USA TODAY Network began reporting on the port industry in June.
“Contracts are only awarded to responsive and responsible offerors,” said Patrick L. Evans, a commander in the Defense Press Operations, which handles media inquiries to the Pentagon.
Evans said the agency refers worker complaints to the U.S. Department of Labor, which enforces labor laws.
Labor Department officials confirmed the agency is investigating California Cartage for potential Service Contract Act violations, after a December 2016 complaint filed by the Teamsters Union. Agency spokesperson Jose Carnevali did not respond to multiple inquiries about other ongoing investigations in the industry.
The USA TODAY Network previously reported that more than 1,100 California port truck drivers have filed labor complaints in civil court and with the state labor commissioner since 2008. That year, a new California environmental law required trucking companies serving state ports to replace old trucks with new, cleaner rigs.
To avoid the cost, many companies pushed their independent drivers into lease-to-own contracts that they didn't understand and could not afford.
When drivers got sick or fell behind on payments, trucking companies fired them, seizing their trucks and tens of thousands of dollars they had paid toward buying them.
In a 2015 court case, Konoike-Pacific driver Jose Mairena said the company required them to sign a contract without translating it, knowing they couldn't speak English. They quickly found themselves buried in debt from the weekly truck expenses that “left little, if any, take home money for me and my family.”
Konoike-Pacific, a small outfit that specializes in refrigerated cargo, moves containers of frozen food for the Army and Airforce Exchange stores, according to driver manifests spanning from March 2014 to July 2017.
The manifests show the trucking company also has contracts with international steamship giant American President Lines, which has received more than $2 billion in federal contracts from the Defense Department's transportation division.
Konoike-Pacific and APL did not respond to multiple requests for comment. Drivers' complaints against Konoike-Pacific went to private arbitration and the outcome is confidential.
Michael Fischetti, Director of the National Contract Management Association, said it's difficult for federal agencies to police business practices deep in their supply chain. But those agencies can't ignore labor abuses by subcontractors just because they don't pay them directly, they said.
“It's a technicality,” Fischetti said. “It's not something to hide behind.”
As the USA TODAY Network first reported in June, at least 60 trucking companies operating in California violated labor laws by billing workers for company equipment. But few have received more complaints than XPO Logistics, one of the largest trucking companies in the world, and its subsidiaries.
Vahe Olmassakian was forced to sell their family home after incurring in debt by their truck. They continued to work with the financial help of their sister. (Photo: Omar Ornelas, The Desert Sun via USA TODAY Network)
XPO driver Vahe Olmassakian said they had to refinance their house twice to borrow money in order to keep up with their truck costs while working 14 hours a day. Facing foreclosure in 2015, they finally sold their house and moved their family into an apartment.
"Thank God we could always afford food," they said.
At least 150 drivers have filed labor claims and lawsuits at XPO's subsidiaries since 2008.
In that same time period, XPO's global operation has received almost $160 million in federal contracts from the Defense Department to move and store freight worldwide. Part of that operation is port trucking. XPO driver manifests show deliveries to Marine Corps retail locations around Los Angeles.
Michael P. Kleiman, spokesperson for the Defense Department's U.S. Transportation Command, said in email responses to questions that the agency vetted the company, like it does all prospective contractors, and “it was determined XPO Logistics was a responsible contractor.”
The Defense Department awarded XPO contracts earlier this year and in 2016, according to federal data. California state labor commissioner records show the company's subsidiaries began losing cases in the Spring of 2015. Last May, the company lost a federal appeal to five drivers for almost $1 million.
XPO, which did not not respond to multiple requests for comment, discloses the decisions, as well as pending claims and lawsuits, in its yearly financial filings.
Photographs from drivers, reviewed by USA TODAY Network and two military experts, show Defense Department vehicles inside the loading yard at California Cartage, one of the biggest players in the Los Angeles ports.
Since 2012, more than 40 drivers who worked for California Cartage affiliates have filed wage complaints and lawsuits in civil court.
Reyes Castellanos, a driver for K&R Transportation, a division of California Cartage, took home only $21,000 of their $94,000 gross income in 2015 after making their truck payments to their employer, according to their tax returns. They had to choose between making house payments and buying food.
“So we lost the house,” Castellanos said. “I lost the house.”
NFI Industries, which recently bought the California Cartage family of companies, said the company doesn't have a contract with the Defense Department and it requires its subsidiaries to follow labor laws.
“To the extent we discover that any Cal Cartage operation is not in compliance with applicable laws,” spokesperson Amber Burruezo said in a statement, “we will work quickly to correct such non-compliance.”
Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2i1kS9M
A compelling new book this week that examines the practice of sex work by men from both a modern day and a historical perspective hit the shelves.
Male Sex Work And Society is a collection of essays and studies that examines the role of male sex work from an interdisciplinary perspective, including fields of study like public health, sociology, psychology, social services, history and mental health.
"By bringing male sex work into the light via studies, insights and first-hand accounts, Male Sex Work and Society allows us to understand the long and fascinating history of male prostitution, and thus humanize our view –- and attitudes toward –- the modern day male escort," editors Victor Minichiello and John Scott told The Huffington Post. "While conditions are better for male sex workers now than they were in the past, there is much room for improvement. As the authors argue, greater social acceptance of male sex workers would likely lead to improved standards in the sex industry, not only for escorts but also for their clients. New codes of conduct ideally would not only acknowledge and protect workers' rights but also lead to more widespread use of safe-sex practices and better information about sexual health."
Check out some facts about male sex work throughout history below and head here for more information about Male Sex Work And Society.
• Roman Emperors Caesar and Nero were bottoms. For rich and titled Roman men, it was culturally acceptable to keep a “concubinus”–a slave to service them sexually before marriage.
• In fifteenth-century Florence, it was not uncommon for young men (12 to 20 years old) to engage in long-term sexual relationships with rich benefactors, many of whom were surprisingly young, often in their 20s. And the parents approved!
• In mid-1600s Japan, “kabuki wakashu” male actors were often prostitutes, much sought after by male and female patrons for their beauty. It was common for Buddhist and samurai warriors to have sex with their young male apprentices, in much the same way that Greek noblemen were permitted to have a sex with the youths they were mentoring–as long as the relationship was educational, not purely sexual.
• The tradition of soldiers selling sex to gay clients dates back to the early 1700s and continued well into the twentieth century. In “barracks prostitution,” hustling soldiers frequented their own bars, worked “soldiers' promenades,” and regularly initiated new recruits into hustling.
• Oscar Wilde referred to sex with the young working-class male prostitutes (ages 16 – 20) they favored as “feasting with panthers” because “their passion was all body and no soul.”
• Popular in America and Europe at the turn of the nineteenth century were transvestite male hustlers known as “fairies.” Some worked in all-fairy brothels and saloons, others worked in female brothels as exotic offerings for male clients, and still others worked the streets, either on their own strolls or on strips known to have a mixed menu of hustlers on display
• In the late 1800s, London's Cleveland Street Affair exposed a male prostitution ring run by young teenage messenger boys from the Royal Post Office. None were charged in the bust, as the court decided the boys were too young to know better.
• In 1899 New York City, hustler bars proliferated on the Bowery near Fifth Street (Little Bucks, Columbia Hall), Bleecker Street (The Slide), and West Third Street (The Golden Rule Pleasure Club, favored by transvestite hustlers).
• During the Depression, around 1932, so many men took to prostitution that the “straight-acting” hustler became the new norm on more popular strolls (also walked by down-and-out soldiers), pushing out the effeminate streetwalkers known as “fairies.”
The Canadian Press
TORONTO -- McDonald's Canada says the jobs section of its website has been hacked, compromising the personal information of about 95,000 applicants over the last three years.
The company said Friday the accessed information included names, addresses, phone numbers, employment histories and other standard job application information of those who applied online between March 2014 and March 2017.
The site doesn't collect social insurance numbers, banking information or health information, McDonald's said.
"At this time, we have no information that the information taken has been misused," the company said in a statement. "We apologize to those impacted by this incident."
A McDonald's Canada spokesperson said it appears the breach occurred in mid-March.
Adam Grachnik said McDonald's has notified every provincial and territorial privacy commissioner as well as the Office of the Privacy Commissioner of Canada of the breach.
The company said all applicants directly affected by the privacy breach would be notified by mail, or through other contact information, such as email or phone, if a mailing address wasn't provided on the application form.
McDonald's also said applicants impacted by the breach could call the company's dedicated assistance line.
McDonald's said the site was shut down immediately and an investigation was launched when they learned of the breach.
"The careers webpage will remain shut down until the investigation is complete and appropriate measures are taken to ensure that this type of security breach does not happen again," McDonald's said.
It is advising anybody interested in applying for a job to do so in person at any McDonald's Canada restaurant.
McDonald's has more than 1,400 restaurants in Canada and more than 80,000 Canadian employees.
Refreshing, bright and tangy Avocado Cucumber Salad. Ready in less than 10 minutes with a simple lemon-lime, cilantro dressing. As soon as the weather starts warming up, my body starts to craveeeeee salads.
Because everybody could use some salad and greens after ice cream, Cinco de mayo and Mother's day all in the span of one week. What have you guys been up to?! J's family came to visit this past week from Belgium and we had an event-filled week visiting Toronto, laughing over good food and aperitifs in the evening (that vegan bacon though…), and celebrating J's birthday. And now my body and mind are ready for some salad.
Bright and refreshing salads like this Avocado Cucumber Salad.
Do you remember my Mediterranean Cucumber Tomato Salad from last Spring?! It quickly turned out to be my #1 salad recipe on the blog. SIMPLE salad recipes are always a hit and are my go-to all Spring and Summer long. This Avocado Cucumber Salad is no different. It is a family favorite in my kitchen. I could eat it every night and not get tired of it. I mean, this salad could not get any easier…
Cut and scoop the avocado. This is my favorite part. ↓ ↓ ↓
Add the cucumber, cilantro and lemon-lime dressing. Lightly toss…
And dig in!! I told you this Avocado Cucumber Salad could not get any easier.
I like to leave the salad to “marinate” for 5 to 15 minutes while I prepare the rest of dinner. The flavors of the creamy avocado, refreshing cucumber, tangy lime, cilantro and sea salt come together and complement each other just perfectly. The avocado seems to get creamier and the lime tangier the longer everything sits and the flavors mingle. If you do make this Avocado Cucumber Salad at home, snap a photo and tag me #CearasKitchen on instagram or a leave a comment below. I love hearing your feedback guys! #EatHappyLiveHappy
4.8 from 5 reviews Avocado Cucumber Salad Print Prep time 10 mins Total time 10 mins Refreshing, bright and tangy Avocado Cucumber Salad. Ready in less than 10 minutes with a simple lemon-lime, cilantro dressing. Author: Ceara Recipe type: Side Ingredients 1 large cucumber, sliced in quarters
2 avocados, chopped
¼ - ½ cup cilantro, chopped
3 tbsp lemon juice
2 tbsp lime juice
½ tsp sea salt Directions Place chopped cucumber, avocado, and cilantro in a medium bowl. If you are not a fan of cilantro, start with using only ¼ cup. Add lemon juice, lime juice, and sea salt to the chopped vegetables. Toss gently to combine. Taste and add additional cilantro (I use the entire ½ cup) and sea salt to taste. Leave to sit and "marinate" for 5 - 15 minutes. Serve fresh with your favorite Summer meal. Notes Based off my Mediterranean Cucumber Tomato Salad 3.4.3177
In their letter last night, Schafer said, "Backers still have exclusive beta access before [launch on Steam], as promised in the Kickstarter," though the (half-complete) version is planned for open sale otherwise. "We could actually sell this early access version of the game to the public at large, and use that money to fund the remaining game development. The second part of the game would come in a free update a few months down the road, closer to April-May [2014]," the letter said.
And no, before you ask, such a change doesn't impact the $3.3 million Schafer and co. received from backers. There is no refund available through Kickstarter, as not delivering on a product isn't a violation of Kickstarter's rules. The following is Kickstarter's stance on project completion and fulfillment, as taken from its FAQ page:
"Who is responsible for completing a project as promised? It's the project creator's responsibility to complete their project. Kickstarter is not involved in the development of the projects themselves. Kickstarter does not guarantee projects or investigate a creator's ability to complete their project. On Kickstarter, backers (you!) ultimately decide the validity and worthiness of a project by whether they decide to fund it."
Essentially, whatever money given to Kickstarter projects is a donation -- sure, you're being promised something in return, but there's no legally binding contract guaranteeing you'll actually get it. Of course, the approximately 90,000 people affected by Double Fine's decision may feel differently about buying future games by the studio, to say nothing of whether they'll back a Kickstarter project ever again. Considering the positive effect a successful Kickstarter like Double Fine's Broken Age has on other gaming projects -- dubbed the "Blockbuster effect" by Kickstarter itself -- what ramifications will its failure have?
Indie developer Rami Ismail has a different view. They took to their personal blog last night to express their thanks to Schafer and Double Fine for exposing the (often messy) financial underpinnings of game development, flaws and all. "Double Fine set out to make a game with eight times the budget we had on some of our titles and suddenly had to re-scope when Kickstarter expectations were [that] they were going to release a game that's worth 3 million dollars," Ismail wrote. "Instead of holding back, they are trying to give every single one of their backers the maximum amount of game for their money." And while Ismail's right in that respect, it doesn't change the fact that Double Fine is going back on what it promised backers.
Since the original plan was to create a small game with a small group for $400K, Schafer and their team were faced with an unforeseen dilemma when they raised $3.3 million: either create a product "worthy" of the amount they raised or continue with the plan and simply ship that product to more people. Schafer clearly chose the former, as evidenced by their statement "I designed too much game."
Whether or not Schafer made the right choice is a question for another time, and for people who are far more intimately involved with Broken Age's development than us here at Engadget. What we do know is that one of the most prominent examples of a crowdfunding success story just became one of the most prominent examples of why consumers should be wary of backing crowdfunded projects. If long-established players like Double Fine pull in more than eight times the capital they originally asked from fans yet still can't meet a grossly over-inflated budget, that's what we'd call a warning sign.
The Great Caledonian Forest once covered much of Scotland, below the high tops; Caledonia – the Roman name for Scotland – means wooded heights. The forest declined over thousands of years, due to both a slow change to a wetter, windier climate and to being felled by man and overgrazed by sheep and most especially deer.
In the twentieth century huge areas of Scotland were planted commercially with sitka spruce, lodgepole pine and larch. Nonetheless we're still lucky to still have some spectacular remnants of the ancient forest – including Scots pine, birch, rowan, aspen and – towards the west coast – oak. Home to some of our rarest species including crossbill, capercaillie and crested tit as well as being the stronghold of the red squirrel, their heritage and conservation value is now well recognised and, through fencing and reductions in numbers of red deer, some of these native forests are regenerating or expanding once more, and new areas are being planted with native trees.
“”The clearest way into the Universe is through a forest wilderness,” said John Muir. Could there be a more magical place to take a walk?
Coille na Glas Leitre, Beinn Eighe, Torridon
These stunningly beautiful ancient pinewoods clad the southern slopes above the head of Loch Maree, which has the reputation of being Scotland's most beautiful freshwater loch. They have a place in conservation history too, as a critical part of the Beinn Eighe National Nature Reserve – the first ever established in Britain back in 1951, and early efforts focussed on protecting the declining woods from too many deer. Later the islands in the loch also became a National Nature Reserve. Facilities for walking here are superb, from the short Visitor Centre trail to the lovely Woodland Trail, whilst the amazing and spectacular Mountain Trail is billed as Britain's only waymarked mountain walk. The woods also form the approach to mountains such as Ruadh-stac Beag and Meall a' Guibhais.
Inchcailloch and the Loch Lomond oakwoods
The Bonnie, Bonnie Banks of Loch Lomond would probably not be sung about were it not for their surviving oakwoods. There are fragments of native sessile oakwoods along much of the eastern sides of the loch, as well as downy and silver birch; there are also many English oaks planted for charcoal from the seventeenth to nineteenth century. The West Highland Way threads all along this side of the loch, whilst circular walks visit the RSPB reserve at Inversnaid, Ardess, Cashel and Sallochy. Perhaps the pick of the woods to visit though is out on the loch – a short boat trip leads to the stunning island of Inchcailloch, whose woods are carpeted with bluebells in the spring.
Rothiemurchus Forest, Cairngorms National Park
For many people, Rothiemurchus is the grand daddy of Scotland's Caledonian pine forests. A vast green expanse with the Cairngorm mountains as an incomparable backdrop, the forest was owned by the Grant family for 500 years before being sold to the Forestry Commmission in 2014. David Attenborough described it as ‘one of the glories of wild Scotland' and it is hugely popular with visitors; the walk around Loch an Eilein having been voted Britain's best picnic spot. Other options include a circuit to Iron Bridge (or even heading on through the Lairig Ghru), or using the forest as an idyllic approach to the great mountains of the Cairngorms such as Braeriach. Adjcaent are the pinewoods of Glen Feshie – if anything, even more beautiful to visit.
Coille Coire Chuilc, Tyndrum, Argyll
Tyndrum Community Woodland is being expanded and planted with increasing numbers of native trees, but the real gem here is Coille Coire Chuilc seen across the other side of the River Cononish. Munro-baggers head up through this on a very boggy approach to Beinn Dubhcraig (further impeded by the disintegration of the bridge over the Allt Gleann Auchreoch) – but the recompense for their hardships is a visit to one of the most beautiful ancient pinewood remnants in the west. For those looking for an easy walk, the woods can be more distantly seen from the track up the north side of the River Cononish.
Sunart and Ariundle oakwoods, Ardnamurchan
Although fragmented, the oakwoods around Loch Sunart and Ariundle are amongst the most important remains of the ancient oakwood that once spread along Europe's Atlantic edge from Spain and Portugal. Filled with a huge diversity of mosses, lichens, liverworts and ferns growing over the damp woodland floor, they are a magical place to visit. Start at the Ariundle Centre, where there are both short circular walks into Ariundle Forest and longer ones climbing to the old lead mines or up onto the mountains. Down by Loch Sunart, there are walks to the wildlife hide at Garbh Eilein, to Sailean nan Cuileag and in the oakwoods by Salen.
Glen Tanar, Deeside, Cairngorms National Park
The southern side of the Cairngorms, like the north, has some very fine ancient pinewoods. Glen Derry is a beautiful and very popular place to visit, often passed through by hillwalkers en route to the mountains beyond, whilst Balmoral has the very extensive pines of Ballochbuie. However, for our first pick on this side we've picked out the perhaps lesser known pinewoods of Glen Tanar, another National Nature Reserve, and used as an approach to Mount Keen. Also nearby and well worth visiting are the birchwoods of the Muir of Dinnet – see the circular walk around Loch Kinord.
Abernethy Forest, Cairngorms National Park
Though perhaps a little less well known by name than neighbouring Rothiemurchus, Abernethy Forest is the largest remaining area of the ancient Caledonian Forest. This vast expanse is owned and cared for by the RSPB, and is home to the Loch Garten ospreys as well as being a key refuge for the endangered Capercaillie, the huge grouse known to Gaels as the ‘horse of the woods' due to it's clip-clop call. The forest extends from Dell Woods on the very edge of the village of Nethy Bridge, through ever wilder landscapes up the Nethy where natural regeneration and a program of planting are extending the forest edge up through the Ryvoan Pass. This will eventually link the forest to Glenmore and Rothiemurchus.
Wood of Cree, Galloway
The Wood of Cree – north of Newton Stewart – is the largest area of native woodland in southern Scotland. The wood was coppiced for centuries and almost clear felled by the 1930s, but is now cared for by the RSPB. Look out especially for willow warblers here, or for otters in the river; the display of bluebells in the spring is spectacular.
Glen Affric, north of Loch Ness
Despite the magnificence of the great forests of the Cairngorms, some people reckon the pinewoods that clothe Glen Affric are the most beautiful of all. Much of it owned by the Forestry Commission, the glen was subject to some intensive plantings in the past but today the emphasis is thankfully on the importance of natural processes, fostering a return to natural woodland. The walks around Dog Fall and the River Affric are deservedly popular, whilst the wild circuit of Loch Affric is regarded as a classic. The upper part of the glen is seeing an expansion of the forest through the work of the conservation charity, Trees for Life. A new long distance route, the Affric Kintail Way, runs through the whole length of the glen.
Alladale and Gleann Mor, Sutherland
The pinewoods of Amat Forest – around Alladale – are the most magnificent in the far north of Scotland. The estate here has been the subject of great controversy around possible plans to enclose the whole vast area with a giant fence, with wolves and other formerly native animals captive within, barring the open access that walkers enjoy under Scottish law. But few would argue with the efforts that have been made to regenerate the woodland here, with vast areas of birches now extending from the pinewoods far up Gleann Mor (visited as the approach in our Carn Ban route).
Rassal Ashwood, near Lochcarron
The tiny area of woodland at Rassal – another National Nature Reserve – may seem out of place amongst some the vast forests also on this list, but this outlier is the most northerly Ash woodland in Britain, and is thought to be at least 6,000 years old.
Taynish oakwoods, Knapdale, Argyll
The Taynish peninsula has one of Britain's oldest and largest surviving ancient oakwoods. Set in Knapdale – not far from the historic reintroduction site for the beaver near Loch Choille Bhar, the woodlands at Taynish are wonderfully varied and sweep right down to the waters of Loch Sween that almost surround them. In spring, the bluebells again provide an additional touch of magic to the stunning circular walk we describe here.
Glen Quoich, Deeside
Our second choice from amongst the fine forests of Deeside is the magnificent pinewoods of Glen Quoich. These are usually passed by hillwalkers aiming for Beinn a' Bhuird – but are really a superb destination for a walk in their own right (the Linn of Quoich – when all the bridges are up!)
Carrifran Wildwood, near Moffat
The Carrifran Wildwood is not so much an ancient woodland – more a work in progress. Since 2000 this spectacular ice-gouged valley has been the site of the Carrifran Wildwood. The aim of the land management here – carried out by a voluntary group – is to restore the valley to ecological health. Before the coming of sheep, much of the Southern Uplands was a wooded landscape. The Carrifran Wildwood group's work on re-establishing native trees here – intervening just enough to allow nature to take a hold once more – enables visitors and others to better understand what much of the Border country would once have looked like.
Easan Dorcha pinewood, Coulin Forest
Strathcarron has some fine Caledonian pinewood remnants on both sides of the river. The Allt a' Chonais pinewood is the most extensive, but our pick is the smaller but stunningly beautiful pinewood around the Easan Dorcha (Dark Falls) – and the tiny tea-hut bothy.
Glen Feshie, Cairngorms
Our final pick is Glen Feshie. Undoubtably one of Scotland's most beautiful glens, this renowned glen penetrates deep into the mountains and its splendour to large degree depends on its stunning forests. After years of decline the pinewoods here are regenerating spectacularly due to the enlightened conservation policies of the glen's current owner, through greatly reducing deer numbers.
The midnight shift. Dogwatch. Graveyard. The dark side.
Whatever you choose to call it, it sure is a different way of life for those of us who work it. I have been on nights going on my 13th year this month and I always say it's normal.
Working nights interferes with our body make up. Humans are diurnal and not meant to stay up at night while sleeping during the day. Working against our circadian clock can take a toll on us. This is the body clock that essentially controls our glands which release hormones and also controls our mood, alertness, body temperature and our body's daily cycle. Because of this those who work graveyards can suffer from sleep disorders and for some, constant exhaustion becomes a lifestyle.
Related article 10 tips for getting rest after the night shift
I know I am super tired when I am doing a security check in the middle of the night and I am jealous of the inmates curled up in their cold stone beds. How could I be jealous of a criminal locked up in a yucky, used bed with thin blankets? It's these nights I know I must recharge my batteries.
Unfortunately the night shift lifestyle can be harmful to your well-being. It can worsen your moods, decrease your reflexes to respond to split-second decisions, and make you more vulnerable to disease.
Here are some helpful sleeping and health tips for the graveyard person:
Eat well and exercise. The body's digestive system slows down and does not easily digest heavy foods during the night. The best eating should be done with a first meal within the first hour of waking up. It is best to eat 5-6 small meals a day several hours apart. Diet and exercise could help prevent diabetes, cardiovascular disease and obesity.
The body's digestive system slows down and does not easily digest heavy foods during the night. The best eating should be done with a first meal within the first hour of waking up. It is best to eat 5-6 small meals a day several hours apart. Diet and exercise could help prevent diabetes, cardiovascular disease and obesity. Get enough sleep. The brain can be tricked into thinking it is time to go to sleep if your bedroom is dark with blackout shades. An eye mask allows the ultimate darkness. And keep a pair of earplugs in the nightstand for when that darn gardener decides to weed whack and mow in the middle of your night, or for that neighbor's dog that will not stop barking. Drive home wearing sunglasses to reduce exposure to light.
The brain can be tricked into thinking it is time to go to sleep if your bedroom is dark with blackout shades. An eye mask allows the ultimate darkness. And keep a pair of earplugs in the nightstand for when that darn gardener decides to weed whack and mow in the middle of your night, or for that neighbor's dog that will not stop barking. Drive home wearing sunglasses to reduce exposure to light. Try to keep working schedule stable. Consistency is key. It's recommended to find a routine and match your off days to your work days as much as possible. Although working during the daytime may not be an option, rotating shifts are harder on the body. You will be better off with a consistent routine.
Consistency is key. It's recommended to find a routine and match your off days to your work days as much as possible. Although working during the daytime may not be an option, rotating shifts are harder on the body. You will be better off with a consistent routine. See your doctor for closer monitoring. It's a good idea to monitor that health risks are not impacting you in irreversible ways. Also, lack of exposure to the sun can cause deficiencies. I recommend blood work and checkup be done – mine revealed I was low in vitamin B and D.
It's a good idea to monitor that health risks are not impacting you in irreversible ways. Also, lack of exposure to the sun can cause deficiencies. I recommend blood work and checkup be done – mine revealed I was low in vitamin B and D. Nap before work. Since it may be hard to sleep consistently for hours, splitting your sleep can help to make things less dangerous at work or with commute drives.
Since it may be hard to sleep consistently for hours, splitting your sleep can help to make things less dangerous at work or with commute drives. Refrain from caffeine. Although it is tempting to have a cup of coffee or caffeinated soda when you need that boost of energy, your sleep quality is at risk. Your deepest stages of sleep are affected and you are not fully rested. Drink water when you are feeling sleepy.
Although it is tempting to have a cup of coffee or caffeinated soda when you need that boost of energy, your sleep quality is at risk. Your deepest stages of sleep are affected and you are not fully rested. Drink water when you are feeling sleepy. Change lights at home. Besides using black out curtains to reduce daylight, you may think about getting low-wattage light bulbs, maybe even a red one. This will decrease the output of light when making that midnight bathroom call so your sleep cycle is not bothered by the brightness.
Besides using black out curtains to reduce daylight, you may think about getting low-wattage light bulbs, maybe even a red one. This will decrease the output of light when making that midnight bathroom call so your sleep cycle is not bothered by the brightness. Keep electronics out of the bedroom. It can be tempting to reach for the smart phone, tablet or laptop to check your email, Facebook or text messages (or in my case Pinterest). This is fun stuff to do when you cannot sleep but the blue light that radiates is keeping you awake. Television included!
Next time you are dealing with that difficult coworker on a 12-hour shift, just remember their crankiness and unreasonable perspective could be caused by their circadian clock being off a few minutes or maybe even hours. It is not pleasant to accept that this shift can create negativity in your encounters or even worse being treated negatively for no apparent reason.
In our jobs we tend to think we are invincible and will manage, but our body does not always keep up with our mindset. In law enforcement, we are family and your well-being is important. And as correctional officers and first responders, with our intelligence, specialized knowledge, not to mention our charm, the community and residents rely on us too.
What has worked for you that helps you through your graveyard journey?
Whether they're allies or foes, tiny or towering beasts, robotic, undead or living, the kings of reptiles will always represent brutal power in any game. When they make their appearance, you can be certain that devastation, destruction, and, well, probably the end of the game, will follow.
We have collected below some of the most badass dragons video games can offer.
Up top is Onyxia from World of Warcraft, via the WoWwiki.
Ridley / Robot Ridley (Metroid series)
source: DragoonMyuutsu's longplay of Metroid: Zero Mission
Rayquaza (Pokémon)
Advertisement
source: Bulbapedia
Volvagia (The Legend Of Zelda: Ocarina Of Time)
Advertisement
source: XHolyPuffX's longplay of the game
Spyro the Dragon (Spyro series)
Advertisement
source: Spyro Wiki
Alduin (The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim)
Advertisement
source: The Elder Scroll Pages
Dran Draggore (Eye Of The Beholder II: The Legend Of Darkmoon)
Advertisement
source: Doommaster's longplay of the game
Queen Of The Blackmarsh (Dragon Age: Origins)
Advertisement
source: Dragon Age Wiki
Black Dragon Kalameet (Dark Souls)
Advertisement
source: Dark Souls Wiki
Solo Wing Dragon Form (Panzer Dragoon Saga)
Advertisement
source: xDriver4's longplay of the game
Fafnir (Megami Tensei series)
Advertisement
source: Megami Tensei Wiki
Bahamut (Final Fantasy series)
Advertisement
sources: samcadaris', WarrWeeny's and veteran0121's videos of FFVII, FFVIII and FFX
Advertisement
What did we miss? Add images of your favorites below.
Let's get one thing perfectly clear – “the one bullet, one settler” slogans and kill the Boer songs still being sung by ANC chieftains amount to incitement. G. Vallone
The EKP refer to any murder that's designed to displace non-black South Africans from their homeland as farm or Boer murders.
In order to initiate change it is important to coin one term to identify this truly unique form of barbarity. Think Holocaust, Armenian genocide, Holodomor etc.
Regarding the incident that took the life of young Chantelle Jacobs:
Details are still vague however it appears Chantelle Jacobs was gunned down in cold blood & their husband Marius shot (critical condition) in the process, as their two kids watched in horror.
Crime Air Network tweeted,
“ARMED ROBBERY : WENTRANS TRANSPORT DEPOT. HEIDELBERG. GP. 1 W/MF SHOT DEAD & 1 W/M CRITICAL. TAKEN – TRAILER MARKED AFRICA CABLE.”
Sauk Nuus put out the following bulletin one hour later,
“Urgent lookout: Depot robbbery at Wentrans depot in Heidelberg. One white female killed and one w male shot, critical. 4 Bravo males armed.Took superlink trailer with load of African cable. Trailer is flat deck orange and white. Robbers used their own M/B horse. Waiting for trailer reg.
[10/11, 23:05] Ntlantla: Superlink has nine coils on marked African cables…”
Update – Two hours ago our friends at Censor Bugbear reported:
Murder of Chantelle Jacobs, reported by Heidelberg Medics
Report by https://www.facebook.com/HeidelbergMedicsVolunteers/posts/885626471447937: “George Booker Jnr (Medic 5) calls in a possible gunshot on the Balfour road. Medic 1 activated the rest of the medics and ordered them to proceed onto the R23 until more info was available.
While responding medic 1 noticed Anthony on of our best ILS paramedics from local GPG responding the opposite direction and decided to call him. They confirmed they were en route to a gunshot victim.
Alot of calls started streaming in on Medic 1's phone and soon they noticed blue lights just left off the road towards an entrance of one of the businesses on the small holdings. They told Anthony that they had found the incident.
Medic 1, 2, 5 and Jurie stopped on scene and proceeded toward the vehicle. A friend of the couple was found on the fresh scene and they quickly gave medic 1 a short break down of what had happened.
A robbery was suspected and extremely unfortunately the couple arrived just as the criminals was leaving the site and their presence had them shaken which lead them to start shooting violently in their direction.
At the vehicle the medics found a young white female who was fatally wounded by several gun shots to their chest and one to their abdomen. Them fianceè was taken to hospital already by friends. They suffered a gunshot to their left leg and right arm and was admitted to the ward.
Medic one and their crew did several checks on the young woman and they were declared dead by medic one on 11 October 2014 21:15.
Our sincerest condolences to their fianceè and their families and friends.
They were a beautifull young women who had sadly lost their entirely life to crime in this country. May they rest in peace.
People NEED to start being more vigilant. The days of thinking that opening the door to your home or workplace is safe are LONG GONE. Be prepared for a home or work invasion at any time.
We aren't trying to scare people-just save lives though our words and activism. Please read and download our ‘How to Prepare Your Family Against a Home Invasion' FREE of charge now. Our SA military advisor has also written it in Afrikaans-Gids tot Huis Betreding.
It might just save your life. If ONLY we could have reached Chantelle and Marius first things might have been different.
So why is this really happening?
First of all, hatred. Pure, unadulterated hatred.
Secondly it is deliberate attempt by the powers running SA to DRIVE people off of their land and OUT the country. It is that simple.
Fear and violence facilitate land distribution, making expropriation with fractional reimbursement, more palatable.
Although this particular region was never black African land, in their collective minds – it is most certainly THEIRS and they WILL try and take it back.
During an election year, politicians promise to speed up the process of redistributing land, and although attempts have thus far failed legally, it seems only a matter of time until whites have been driven off their land by one method or another.
Land redistribution to blacks has been discussed for decades – first by the ANC terrorists, then their political wing and since, by all parties looking to pander to the black majority.
It's certainly nothing new.
While moderate members of the ANC promise reforms that have yet materialised, the radical black nationalist wing of the ANC continues to use the suggestion of a mass expropriation of land, to maintain its spell over the black majority.
Julius Malema in fact told the BBC that they supported land expropriation, idolised Robert Mugabe and when was asked if it was right whites were being murdered on their land they replied, “it is easier redistributing land when people no longer want to live on it.”
Still, ANC Secretary General Gwede Mantashe, who'd referred to Julius Malema as a cross between Hitler and Stalin (we prefer Kaganovich) recently assured South African farmers that the government would not follow Mugabe's example as they were addressing criticism over the slow pace of land reform.
“We will not do expropriation of land without compensation because that would be disastrous,” Mantashe told a New Zimbabwe reporter last week. “We are not going to grab your farms. If your land is sold, it will be for compensation.” Compensation being the operative word.
Certainly following Zimbabwe would be a recipe for disaster. Zimbabwe, like Uganda which expropriated land from Indian and English citizens, is in ruin today, thanks to its chaotic and violent land reforms-something ANC secretary general Gwede Mantashe reiterated this week while assuring South African farmers their land would not be seized forcibly.
“Zimbabwe was a food basket of Africa but is a disaster today,” Mantashe said.
During the interview Mantashe also stated that white farmers have ‘nothing to fear'.
Well, perhaps not from the current government, happy to maintain the status quo as long as the money keeps flowing-but the same can not be said of the Marxist empowered masses, convinced its their birth right to own land in South Africa.
It is EKP opinion the expropriation process has already commenced – and not because of the 50/50 shared ownership of farm land Mantashe, and before that Minister Nkwinti propose, butbecause farmers are selling up, people are leaving, families are being slaughtered and the palpable fear blacks are instilling in white farmers across the nation.
63% of all small holding farmers polled by Johannes Coetzee stated that if they were even compensated 1/4 of the value of their lands and were given a visa to leave the nation they would. The reason most often given, was the crime and fear they lived under. Some were so fearful to speak to us they literally asked us to delete their messages once we'd used the information.
As if blacks somehow have the ability to hack email…
Blacks in the country can hardly spell their own names, as evidenced by the illiteracy rates in rural communities. Still, this is what fear will do to you. It will have you giving your land away for a few rand, as long as there's a way out, and imagining black computer hackers have infiltrated your email account.
Psychologically the farmers are primed and ready for land redistribution.
And this is sad because without farmers, we don't eat. Most of us can sort something else out however the blacks living in townships and rural communities simply can not. They will starve.
They can't see that because they are blinded by the hatred being fed to them by the Marxist media and community rabble rousers. Instead of recognising the reality of the situation, they are manipulated by the politics of victimhood and incited into hatred and violence. Remember blacks are nothing more than instruments for destruction.
Laura Oneale writes that ANC reports still indicate that about thirteen percent of all land belongs to blacks when a more accurate prediction would be closer to fifty percent.
Some fifteen years ago, there were over sixty thousand farmers in South Africa and today that figure barely reaches thirty thousand. The farming community remains a constant concern as more and more land is grabbed in illegal and questionable actions. The escalation of farm murders and implementation of broad based economic factors contribute to this disaster.
Although land reform projects have been slow, to call for an expedited change would create a political disaster for the ANC government as the nation would plummet into financial ruin.
There must be clarification on why the previous land reform policies implemented in the past have failed. To put an additional burden on the farming community and their ability to produce food could result in a catastrophic collapse of the industry and result in food shortages and famine, as has happened in Zimbabwe.
Why do black farms often fail at a higher rate than white owned farms?
Besides the obvious reasons, one can point to a lack of experience and expertise in running a farm and business. Some blacks like the idea of owning a farm, until they actually see what the work entails.
Land reform policies started in the 1990's, and the role of this was to change the inequalities of the Apartheid era law, when black people were not permitted to own land in South Africa.
Ten years ago an article on the failure of land distribution made headlines when Solomon Mokwena proudly displayed their farming equipment, in spite of the fact they didn't use it.
The local authority bought land from a white farmer and distributed it to disadvantaged black farmers. Mokwena and 200 farmers started a farming cooperative.
Long story short. Mowena told the media that the machines they had been gifted were only used once in 2002 and since then have never been utilised for ploughing. They explained that lack of funds to buy essentials such as seed and oil remained a persistent problem.
Is that what we want to take place on a grand scale?
Since the start of land reform and redistribution some eighteen years ago, it is estimated that ninety percent of black farmers are unproductive. This is alarming considering farmers have the burden of producing enough food to feed an entire nation.
During the early 1990's when land reform began, more than eighty percent of commercial farms were owned by white farmers. The ANC government had promised to redistribute one third by 2014 but have thus far have distributed less than eight percent of the land.
Jacob Zuma admitted that the land reform policy in South Africa was one of the sweeping promises made to black people after the end of apartheid that had not worked out as planned. The strategies announced by the government, for implementing land reform were purely political in our opinion and redistribution of land to poor blacks little more than a political ploy.
by Laura Oneale & G. Vallone
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Kurdish forces recaptured Sinjar from the Islamic State group in November
The UN says it is "extremely concerned" by reports of attacks by Kurdish forces on Sunni Muslim Arabs living in Iraq.
It cited lootings, property destruction, abductions and killings in territory recaptured from the Islamic State (IS) group.
Sunni Arabs face discrimination from Iraqi authorities and other groups who accuse them of supporting IS, it added.
In October, Amnesty International raised concerns over "war crimes" by Kurdish fighters in northern Syria.
The UN said it was particularly worried about 1,300 Sunnis stranded in "no-man's-land" near Sinjar, between Kurdish security forces and IS.
"Reports indicate that Iraqi security forces and Kurdish security forces and their respected affiliated militias have been responsible for looting and destruction of property belonging to Sunni Arab communities, forced evictions, abductions, illegal detention and, in some cases, extrajudicial killings," UN spokesperson Cecile Pouilly said.
"We have received reports as well about their limited access to basic services and essential goods, such as water, food, shelter and medical care," they added.
Sinjar - a strategic town
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Watch as the BBC explains the significance of Mount Sinjar
Situated in northern Iraq at the foot of Mount Sinjar, about 30 miles (50km) from the Syrian border
Highway 47, one of IS's most active supply lines, runs through the town
Area mainly inhabited by Kurdish-speaking Yazidis with Arab and Assyrian minorities
Islamic State militants attacked in August 2014
Some 50,000 Yazidis fled the town and became trapped on Mount Sinjar without food or water
Iraq: The minorities of Nineveh
Ms Pouilly said the UN had also received reports of 16 mass graves containing the bodies of those killed by IS - but added it was unclear how many bodies were in the graves.
Them office has called on Iraq's government to investigate, they told reporters.
Sinjar, in northern Iraq, was liberated from IS in mid-November. The militant group captured the town in 2014, killing and capturing thousands of Yazidis.
Sunni Arab communities left behind now face accusations of sympathy for IS, according to the UN.
“How did you do that?” The red-headed child whispered with wide eyes.  They are staring quite intently at the small pile of snow in front of them that their platinum blonde sister just poofed into existence.
“I don't know, I just stuck my hands out and...” Elsa repeated the previous motion, hand outstretched, fingers spread on their tiny hands as far as they could go, a small glow seemed to emanate from their palm and a blue flake of snow winked into and then out of existence. The experience couldn't really be described, it was like a whisper along their bones and into their hand. “Wow, it's snow at my fingertips, Anna.”
The red-headed girl started to fluff through the snow pile that was no bigger than they are, “It's amazing!”
“Shhh, ” Elsa hissed, “We're not supposed to be up. We were on our way to sneak a snack from the kitchen because you were hungry.”
The two had been walking the halls and were doing just fine, until Anna stumbled on the rug and nearly crashed into a suit of armor. Elsa had reactively reached out to grab her, but was not able to reach, wishing hard that a cushion would appear in front of Anna, a mound of fluffy white snow flashed into existence and Anna fell harmlessly and near silently into the mound of powder.
Anna looked back at Elsa with cheeks puffed with snow, “Oh yea. This doesn't taste too bad though.”
Elsa could only stare at their sister, and then suddenly a snort of air shot out through their nose as a fit of laughter fought its way out. I hands immediately covered their mouth, but the damage was done, the sound echoed through the halls.
“Nice Job, dum-dum.” Anna whisper-yelled, both girls then looked to the pile of snow, “What are we going to do about that?” Noises started to echo through the castle as people were coming to investigate the noise.
Elsa grabbed their sister, they were going to get into trouble, and Elsa couldn't prevent it, and this pile of snow couldn't just be explained away. Panic and fear started to creep up Elsa's spine. Anna pushed away and dove at the pile of snow and started trying to eat the mound. The panic and fear disappeared as Elsa ran forward to grab their sister, “You can't eat all of it.”
“Bwut I wuv you, and” Anna swallowed their mouth full of snow, “And I don't want you to get in trouble.”
Elsa searched the eyes in front of her, no worry or fear about herself. Anna didn't care about getting in trouble herself, Anna was more worried about them Elsa hugged Anna, “Don't worry about it, I love you too.” They closed their eyes and waited. Anna not able to do anything else, hugged them back. The warmth of that spread through Elsa filling them with a new sensation, a new whisper that seemed to start in their fingers and went back up their arm.
The small scene that greeted the young maid and queen was touching to say the least, but it still didn't mean they were allowed to be out of their bed this late at night.
“What are you girls doing? Are you ok?” Elsa and Anna had each other in a bear hug, their mom knelt down and gathered the two in their arms, “Was one of you crying?” They noticed some drops of wetness on Anna's shoulder and cheeks. Both girls blinked and looked around, the snow was gone, and there was no sign of anything that had happened.
“No, mama, we snuck out to try and get a snack from the kitchen.” Elsa offered wiping them face.
“I tripped, but didn't get hurt because Elsa was there.” Anna spoke rubbing their face, chewing through snow wasn't exactly easy on their cheeks.
The maid tutted, “It's entirely too late for you to be wandering the halls.”
The queen nodded, “Next time, try and wait till morning, ok?” They kissed the two of them on the head and started off down the hallway.
The two sisters looked at each other, grateful they hadn't been yelled at, but now had something new to keep them up.
THERE are many northern strands that connect to the 1916 Rising in Dublin, including the roles of James Connolly, Seán Mac Diarmada and John Bulmer Hobson.
Hobson, who came from a Belfast Quaker background, became a leading member of the Irish Republican Brotherhood (IRB); it was they who recruited Patrick Pearse into the organisation. They are, however, opposed to the Rising because it did not have democratic support. For their qualms they were kidnapped and held at gunpoint.
Shortly before this they had warned "of the extreme danger of being drawn into precipitate action". In an appeal considered traitorous by some of the leadership, they said that "no man had a right to risk the fortunes of a country in order to create for themselves a niche in history".
The two major organisations involved in the Rising were the IRB and the Irish Volunteers. Pearse, Clarke and Mac Diarmada proved proficient not only at dying for ‘Ireland' – their Ireland – but lying for Ireland as well. Denis McCullough, president of the supreme council of the IRB, based in Belfast and thus conveniently sidelined, was excluded from the planning for the Rising, while every effort was made to hoodwink Eoin MacNeill, the head of the far more numerous Irish Volunteers.
The increasingly dictatorial James Connolly also committed their tiny force, the Irish Citizen Army, to the fray.
When the insurgents charged into the General Post Office on Sackville Street on Easter Monday 1916, their actions were not authorised either by the leadership of the IRB or the Irish Volunteers. This was in effect a coup by a small band of conspirators.
Figures like Pearse had already shown their contempt for masses of the Irish people: "There has been nothing more terrible in Irish history than the failure of the last generation." We might be tempted to wonder if the Irish Famine might have merited consideration.
On another, more poetic occasion they spoke of the shame brought on Mother Ireland whose own family had sold them into bondage.
These warped sentiments and conspiracies within conspiracies are an integral part of the making of Easter 1916. Its moral bankruptcy and its malign legacy were to haunt Irish society, north and south, for another century. The Rising copper-fastened Partition and helped bring into being the Northern Ireland state.
Once the United Kingdom was attacked from within, while tens of thousands of Ulster unionists were fighting and dying on the battlefields of Europe, there was little hope of persuading Ulster unionists of the merits of an all-Ireland state.
One of the ironies of modern Irish history is that those who claimed most stridently to be anti-partitionist, turned out to be those whose actions, in an objective sense, did most to reinforce partitionist mindsets.
As the Ulster-born historian, JC Beckett, pointed out many years ago, the real partition of Ireland is not on the map "but in the minds of men'".
Once the precedent of armed insurrection had been established by a tiny unrepresentative cult within Irish nationalism, any group of Catholic nationalists with a gun or two could claim to be acting on behalf of the mystical ‘Irish Republic', as proclaimed in 1916. This is the doctrinal justification for the various IRA groupings down the years, culminating in the quarter-century long ‘war' pursued by the Provisional IRA.
In the 1910s politics in Ireland underwent a giant lurch to the right. First the Ulster unionists, and their covenanting bands, and then ‘the men of 1916' ensured that henceforth appeals to the ‘gun, the drum and the flag' would dominate political discourse. And so they have to this day, at the cost of concerns for inequality, social class and individual liberties.
The Proclamation of the Republic itself, often viewed as an iconic text, is replete with evasions, silences and bad history. It deserves to be read carefully and critically, and this is the year to do it.
We should look back on the Great War with anger – a slaughter in which Pearse gloried. We should look back on Easter 1916 with anger.
:: Liam Kennedy is a emeritus professor of history at Queen's University, Belfast. Their new book Unhappy the Land: The Most Oppressed People Ever, the Irish? is published by Merrion Press.
If your family has any old letters, photographs or stories connected to the Easter Rising 1916 please email digital.editorial@irishnews.com
A European record was set in the 2015/16 UEFA Champions League group stage when Benfica beat Astana 2-0 at home and drew 2-2 in the return leg in Kazakhstan – the away sides making the longest journeys in the history of UEFA's club competitions, around 6,173km.
A similar journey is now on the cards for Astana and Sporting CP, who meet in the first leg of their round of 32 ties on 15 February. Sporting's Estadio José Alvalade is a little to the east of the Estádio do Sport Lisboa e Benfica, meaning Astana nominally have a few thousand metres less to travel as the crow flies than they did in 2015. UEFA.com maps the extremes of the footballing continent.
Kairat players in Lisbon ahead of UEFA's longest victory parade ©Sportsfile
Longest UEFA club journey
Kairat Almaty
2015 UEFA Futsal Cup finals
Sporting CP
2017 UEFA Futsal Cup finals
The longest victory parade in European football history took Kairat back to Kazakhstan after they won the top prize in club futsal in Lisbon in April 2017, a 6,911km journey west not flustering Cacau's side. Sporting CP made the return journey as the 2017 final four events was held in Almaty, but lost 7-0 in the decider.
Longest European/South American Cup journey
Racing Avellaneda 2-1 Celtic
Between 1960 and 2004, the champions of Europe and South America competed for the UEFA-endorsed European/South American Cup – or Intercontinental Cup. The furthest any side had to travel was 11,304km, when Celtic flew south to take on Argentina's Racing Avellaneda in the 1967 competition. Having won the home leg 1-0, they lost 2-1 in Buenos Aires.
Shortest UEFA journeys
AC Milan 0-0 Internazionale Milano
Internazionale Milano 1-1 AC Milan
2002/03 UEFA Champions League semi-finals
AC Milan 2-0 Internazionale Milano
Internazionale Milano 0-3 AC Milan
2004/05 UEFA Champions League quarter-finals
In the early days of European football, smaller clubs were occasionally persuaded to play both their home and away games at their opponents' stadiums, but no away game involved a shorter round trip than these two Milan derbies. The clubs always have the same dressing rooms at San Siro, ensuring an away trip of 0km for these ties. Ironically, the first of them was won on away goals.
Tromsø's Alfheim Stadium ©Getty Images
Most northerly UEFA games
Norway's Tromsø have played 27 UEFA home games at their Alfheim Stadium.
The city of Tromso's coordinates are 69° 40' 58" N, which is inside the Arctic Circle.
The longest UEFA journey to Tromsø was taken by İnter Bakı, who had to travel 3,717km for a 2-0 UEFA Europa League second qualifying round defeat in July 2013.
Most southerly UEFA games (excluding European/South American Cup)
Spain's Las Palmas have played five UEFA home games at their Estadio de Gran Canaria.
Las Palmas lies in the Canary Islands, coordinates 28° 9' 0" N, which lie off the coast of Morocco and are further south than Cairo.
The longest UEFA journey to Gran Canaria was undertaken by Sloboda Tuzla, who travelled 3,548km for a 5-0 UEFA Cup first round defeat in September 1977.
Sibir played two UEFA home games ©Alexey Ignatovich
Most easterly UEFA games
Russia's Sibir Novosibirsk played two UEFA home games at their Spartak Stadium Novosibirsk.
The coordinates are 82° 56' 0" E, making it about as far east as Nepal.
The longest of the two journeys to play Sibir was a 4,951km haul taken by PSV Eindhoven for a 1-0 UEFA Europa League play-off defeat in August 2010.
Most westerly UEFA games (excluding European/South American Cup)
Santa Clara played two UEFA home games at the São Miguel Stadium in Ponta Delgada.
The main city in the Azores, its coordinates are 25° 44' 50" W, meaning it lies about as far west as Cape Verde.
The longest journey west to Ponta Delgada was taken by Armenia's Shirak, who travelled 5,824km west for a 2-0 UEFA Intertoto Cup first round defeat in June 2002.
Luch-Energiya spent a season in the Russian top division ©Getty Images
The longest possible journeys
Confine the search to clubs who have competed in UEFA competitions and the longest possible would be a 8,046km trip for a game between Sibir Novosibirsk and Tenerife – another side from the Canaries who are even further west than Las Palmas, though not as far south – but even more arduous journeys could theoretically happen.
Luch-Energiya Vladivostok spent three seasons in the Russian top flight from 2006 to 2008; their Dynamo Stadium is 100m from the Sea of Japan. A theoretical game between Luch-Energiya and Tenerife would involve an 11,460km trip each way.
Europe's boundaries can be stretched even further though. Sides from overseas territories are entitled to play in the Portuguese and French domestic cups.
Santa Clara's base in the Azores is a long way west, but the situation in France is even more startling, given that sides from Mayotte, Reunion, Guadeloupe, Martinique and French Guyana could all theoretically qualify for European competition as French Cup winners.
French Guyana's favourite footballing son Florent Malouda ©Getty Images
Should current French Guyanese champions Matoury ever have to take on Luch-Energiya in a European game, it would involve a round trip of the best part of 30,000km – and it would be closer for them to fly west than east. The circumference of the planet, incidentally, is around 40,000km.
The use of covert operations implemented by government and corporate intelligence organizations is a major obstacle to the formation of a real democracy. Well funded and carefully planned campaigns are waged against almost every citizen effort to make our communities better from attempts to protect the environment, seek financial and electoral reform, to projects wanting to improve local transportation, food security, education or access to healthcare. Government and corporate intelligence organizations monitor the public to see if there is any community opposition or threats to corporate power.
Any time a powerful corporate institution believes that its profits and influence could be diminished it will take all necessary measures to maintain their position. They have a well financed and organized system to suppress these threats. Corporate think tanks, academic departments and military research units review past strategies, develop new methods and techniques, study their opposition and implement there plans to defend their interests with a precision based on decades, even centuries of experience. In 2005 I identified over 55 military, federal, state and local government agencies that could be responsible for monitoring and disrupting Food Not Bombs in Arizona when I helped the ACLU file a FOIA request for documents. We did not have the legal right to seek information from Raytheon Missile Systems, Chevron, The United Way, KB Homes or the many other corporate institutions that we believe were actively working to disrupt Food Not Bombs in Arizona. I am sure we missed many other intelligence organizations so secret we had no idea they were investigating and sabotaging our work. The U.S. government announced its intelligence budget for the first time in the fall of 2010 reporting that the American taxpayers spent $80 billion during that fiscal year. This included both domestic spying and some military intelligence. This figure did not include the black budget raised through the sale of drugs, guns and the many other ways available to raise money covertly. This also did not include the billions spent by corporations on their own intelligence programs.
When an community organization starts to have an impact its members are profiled and relationships studied. A team is assembled that may include experts from many disciplines including phycology, social media, anthropology and culture, systems and patterns management, surveillance and technology professionals, and people responsible for public relations and psychological warfare. They may have a unit that organizes whispering campaigns smearing the key members of your group to a targeted list of local political and business leaders and potential allies. They may organize a phony organization that appears to share your goals. They can send several levels of informants to your meetings and events from confidential informants working for a small fee or in exchange for their freedom or improved conditions for an incarcerated relative. They might also have full time employees with local, state or federal law enforcement join your organization. Of course your phone, email, web visits will be recorded and your bank account, motor vehicle records and any other personal data can and will be collected and analyzed. Most of the time this will all be happening in the background. Sometimes there will be an increase in intensity and at times the amount of attention may be very limited depending on the perceived threat. You may notice you are being followed or photographed and many times it will not be obvious.
I have lived under very intense government and corporate scrutiny for much of the past 30 years. When you are first aware that you have been the target of an intelligence operation it can be unsettling. Over time you will become accustom to the attention and develop a philosophy. Since you can not hide or have any secrets you will find that you must always seek to be as honest as possible and only take actions you can be proud of. While you may believe you know who the informants are it is best not to make any public accusations to their employment but be prepared to limit their destructive behavior. Any suggestions of violence should be loudly objected to while suggesting they are involved with the wrong organization. The most important thing is to continue with our work. If they frighten you into quitting they have succeeded. The struggle to bring democracy, a safe environment and a sustainable future is so important we must stay focused on our good works. We also need to figure out how to remove the threat of covert activity to disrupt our ability to build a positive society.
Please consider reading the rest of this article and feel free to visit the links to develop a more complete understanding of the details described. I focus on the 30 year campaign against Food Not Bombs since I have direct experience with this history. This expensive decades long campaign offers some insight into the reality of the war on terror. If Food Not Bombs is one of the most hard core terrorist groups in the United States then maybe the war on terror is nothing more than an excuse to silence protest.
In our effort to make a better world we must seek to end all funding and support for every aspect of covert domestic intelligence operations. We need to expose their complex processes of disruption to the public. The people organizing and directing these anti-democratic programs should be prosecuted as criminals not financed through our tax dollars. We will have a difficult time removing money from politics, implementing policies that protect our environment, properly fund education, healthcare and other social services and end war if we do not figure out a way to shut down the intelligence community.
Keith McHenry
January 21, 2012
Taos, New Mexico
False Allegations of Terrorism
Food Not Bombs volunteers tortured
PAGE 2
Tonight, Gennady Golovkin (29-0, 26 KOs) will defend their WBA and IBO middleweight titles against Daniel Geale (30-2, 16 KOs) of Australia at Madison Square Garden.
(Image courtesy of HBO)
Geale, who has never been knocked out is considered by many the toughest opponent Golovkin has ever faced. So that begs the question; if Golovkin defeats Geale, especially if it's by knockout, would this finally earn Golovkin a pay-per view fight against a big name opponent?For the past few years Golovkin has been willing to challenge any big name fighter that competes at junior middleweight all the way to super middleweight. However, no big fight as come to fruition for Golovkin.Should Golovkin knockout out Geale, it would be their 17th consecutive win by knockout, and put more of a demand for some of boxing's biggest names to finally face him. Here's a look at some potential opponents for Golovkin if they should get past Geale.- Chavez may have turned off some of their fans by the lack of discipline he's shown by coming into fights overweight. This was evident in their first fight with Brian Vera. However, with their legendary last name they are a significant boxing draw. Their ppv fight with Sergio Martinez in September 2012 almost drew half a million ppv buys, which was more than when Miguel Cotto fought Sergio Martinez last month. Since there were already discussions for a Golovkin versus Chavez Jr fight earlier this year, Chavez would seem like the front runner to fight Golovkin next if Golovkin is will to go up to 168.One of the reasons Cotto is well respected by fans and pundits alike is the fact that he's willing to fight anybody. It would be an action packed fight that fans would love to see. This fight would likely occur at Madison Square Garden where Cotto has fought numerous times, and Golovkin stated they like fighting at MSG because it's a historic place. Another plus in making this potential fight happen is that they and Golovkin both fight on HBO so there's no network issue. However, it is reported that Cotto and their team have their eyes on a bigger money fight against Saul Canelo Alvarez.Injuries and promotional disputes have limited the number 2 pound for pound fighter to fighting only twice in the last 22 months. Ward, who has been a professional since 2004 has been unable to land a pay-per view fight despite cleaning out the super middleweight division and winning the Super Six tournament. A fight with Golovkin might be a big enough attraction to land Ward their first pay-per view fight.It's becoming more and more apparent that Canelo Alvarez is struggling to make the junior middleweight limit of 154lbs as their last two fights had a weight limit of 155lbs. So it's inevitable that in the near future they will be competing at middleweight which makes them a possible opponent for Golovkin. Canelo's has a huge fan base and has already been on the A side of two pay per view fights. So a fight with them and Golovkin has the potential to draw decent pay per view numbers. The only question is, will Golden Boy risk putting Canelo in with a fighter like Golovkin in their first fight at middleweight?
Police are searching for a burglar, after someone broke into Dutchman Hunting Supplies in Shipshewana early on Friday morning.
The LaGrange County Sheriff's Department is working with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms to offer a $10,000 cash reward for information that leads to the arrest and conviction of a suspect or suspects.
While officers would not say how many firearms were taken, one of the owners of the store say 14 handguns were taken.
Dutchman Hunting Supplies is located at 8400-block of W. U.S. 20 in Shipshewana. Being a small town hunting supply store, they typically know all of their customers.
"You always kind of considered it to be a local town," Daryl Bontrager, one of the owner's of the store said. "Everybody knows everybody. But it can happen anywhere I guess."
Bontrager, who did not want to be filmed because of their Amish Heritage, says after Friday's break in, he's questioning everything.
"It definitely changes things," Bontrager said. "It makes you wonder who it was. If it was one of the regular customers, it would be nice to kind of know who it was. We definitely got scoped. They knew exactly where they were going."
Bontrager has a theory about whoever broke in. They say the person, or people, broke the glass in the back door and rather than reaching in to unlock the door, the suspect(s) climbed through the window as to not set off the alarm. However, the store had a motion detector which picked up the activity but not before they could make off with the guns.
"From the time they were in here and the first alarm sounded and the time that they left, I think in between there is like less than three minutes total they were in the building," Bontrager said. "So they definitely knew they had a small time frame and they knew what they wanted and they came and got it and left. It makes you wonder who it was. We pretty much trusted everybody that came in here or most all the people you did. You had a pretty good relationship with the customers you had and it would be nice to kind of know who it was."
The store has surveillance cameras but Bontrager says a power surge within the last couple months ruined them so they were not active during the time of the burglary.
Bontrager says they were given a DNA swab to make sure they aren't a suspect. They say the culprit(s) likely barely got out in time.
"I think they just kind of pretty much came in, busted the glass in, scooped up what they could and left."
Bontrager says of the 14 guns stolen, they were semi-automatic handguns. None of the longer guns were taken, nor were the revolvers. They suspect the semi-automatic guns have a higher street value.
"Even if it's just one gun, we're concerned," Sheriff Jeff Campos with LaGrange County said. "Taken illegally, we don't know what type of person has that firearm."
The Sheriff says they are investigating a string of break-ins in LaGrange County over the last couple months but wouldn't say whether they are connected. They do say this is the first burglary that resulted in the theft of firearms.
They ask that you contact them by phone at 260-463-7491 or private message on Facebook. You can also contact Crime Stoppers at 574-288-STOP or 800-342-STOP.
An fraud investigation into a Hamilton daycare reveals cooked books put the childcare providers out more than $140,000 over a two-year period.
Police say a woman with almost exclusive access to the daycare's finances, is alleged to have funnelled out the funds, mostly in cash.
"It came down to one person having exclusive opportunity to take cash and manipulate the books," said Detective Constable Steve Lassaline.
The director of the Paradise Corner Children's Centre, at Upper Paradise and Rymal Road went to police in February, after firing the former employee alleged in the fraud charges.
Lassaline said the woman charged had been an employee for some 20 years, and the other staff felt "a great sense of betrayal"
They said the daycare was not-for-profit that takes care of roughly two dozen children on any given week. The small outfit was the result of several private daycare providers pooling together to create their own childcare centre.
Lassaline said the funds were not recovered in the investigation by Hamilton Police.
They added that since the charges were laid last week, the daycare has had, "a better sense of closure and they're ale to move forward."
A Hamilton woman has been arrested and charged with fraud. They have been released on a promise to appear in court at a future date.
Much to my surprise, my first yarn bomb project is still up . . . technically. My beautiful yarn sleeve for this post started out snuggly wrapped around the post. Then gravity took hold and pulled the sleeve to the ground. Then it started slumping down the pole, aided partially by some rainstorms. Now it looks like the post is wearing a leg warmer instead of a sleek sweater. But it's still there!
I'm surprised no one in the neighborhood has decided it's an eyesore and cut it down. For me it's become a question of how long will they leave it there. I see it every day when I walk my dog. The yarn is 100% acrylic so I don't think it's really at risk of growing mold or fungus. We'll see how long it lasts.
I've learned a few valuable lessons from this experience.
If you put a yarn bomb in an area that doesn't get much foot traffic, it's likely to stay up longer. It's on a corner and not directly in front of anyone's home so I think it's less likely that someone will take offense to it being there. When you sew the seam of your yarn bomb, do it as tightly as you can. Consider using multiple shorter pieces of yarn instead of one long piece to do the seam. Yarn stretches over time and will loosen, causing your project to fall. If you're yarn bombing a metal object, consider using magnets to help hold your project in place. If you want your yarn bomb to stand out, pick obnoxiously bright yarn. I thought this yarn was bright enough, but I think it had too many earth tones and blended in to the surroundings too much.
I'm already working on my next yarn bomb. It will be in the Scottsdale Civic Center Park next to the Scottsdale Center for the Performing Arts on October 26th, the same day as Ignite Phoenix #13. This project will be a challenge because I've selected a tapered lamp post. I measured the diameter post as its base, the diameter as high as I could reach, and the distance between them. My plan is to create a rectangle based on the larger diameter and the height and to overlap my project to account for the tapering of the pole. The result will be a diagonal seam running down the post. I'm looking forward to seeing this final project.
Related articles
As the NFL is baffled as to what's causing its ratings to fall, college football's ratings have been holding steady with last year's numbers. And while Fox's and NBC's ratings went up on the first NFL Sunday after the presidential election, college football hasn't had these same problems.
Mike Mulvihill, Fox Sports' senior vice president of research and content, says college football's viewership for 2016 is down just one percent from last year. So why hasn't college football experienced the same problems as the NFL?
While the NFL has been hit by multitude of issues including bad matchups, blowouts, bad officiating, college football games have been for the most part exciting and many of them have gone down to the wire. In addition, while the NFL depends on its stars and the loss of Peyton Manning and Tom Brady in the first fourth of the season hurt, college football has its own stars in the coaches who are constant.
The NFL has only one game in its primetime windows so if the game is a blowout, the ratings will suffer. College football benefits from multiple games in each window so if one game is bad, fans can switch to another game.
“College football is the ultimate regionalized and localized sport,” Mulvihill says. “So if you believe in the idea that—even with many distractions, including the elections—sports fans are still making time for the events of their greatest local interest, then it would make sense that college football would hold up a little better than pro football under that kind of circumstance.”
In addition, another factor cited in college football's success is the playoff system according to the MMQB:
Artie Bulgrin, ESPN's Senior Vice President of Global Research and Analytics, cites college football's new postseason format (every game matters more) and more total college football teams and corresponding fan bases as reasons college football were better equipped to weather the election cycle.
Another factor could be oversaturation with NFL games on Thursday nights, early Sunday mornings, early Sunday afternoons, late Sunday afternoons, Sunday nights and Monday nights, pro football may have reached its peak.
College football has branched to occasional Tuesday and Wednesday nights, but has kept Thursday nights, started games on Friday nights along with its traditional Saturday windows. What about oversaturation there? Mulvihill says there has been so much college football product in the past that fans have become used to it and don't feel overloaded.
So for 2016, college football appears to be the winner for the fall and the NFL officials continue to scratch their heads as to why their ratings have spiraled down this season.
[The MMQB]
Washington, DC, has done something remarkable: published a granular, house-level map of the city's lead pipes.
The data, released earlier this week, shows that at least 12,000 buildings (primarily private residences), rely on public lead pipes for water service.
It's one of the most detailed and transparent looks at where lead pipes — which can contaminate water, causing a host of health issues — exist in a major urban area. The data set (which is available as an interactive map here) covers 125,390 water service lines in the 650,000-person city.
All the green dots below represent homes that have lead-free pipes. The dark gray dots are those serviced by lead utilities.
In the aftermath of the water crisis in Flint, Michigan, many American cities have started more closely inspecting and monitoring their own piping infrastructure and water sources. A USA Today investigation found nearly 2,000 water systems across the US where testing showed high levels of lead contamination in the water. And the Environmental Protection Agency estimates that at least 10 million Americans still get drinking water from pipes that contain lead.
Part of the tragedy of what happened in Flint was city officials' deliberate obfuscation of data. They claimed that federal tests showed the water was safe and didn't admit there was a problem until outside researchers from Virginia Tech found elevated lead levels in the water of 40 percent of the homes tested.
Thankfully, DC has taken the exact opposite approach: It's chosen to make public the exact location and magnitude of the problem — which, arguably, is the first step to fixing it.
"Transparency is important to us," George Hawkins, the CEO of DC Water (which is the District's only water provider), told me. "We wanted to be able to inform people about what our records indicate is true for their dwelling and, if there is a potential issue detected, help determine a series of steps to take."
Washington is a city that struggled through its own lead poisoning crisis in the early 2000s. And like many cities, it worked to follow an EPA mandate that required many of the city's public water pipes to be replaced. This map shows the strides the city has made in reducing lead piping, but also the challenges in removing it entirely.
What DC's map tells us about lead pipes in a major urban area
First of all, it's important to stress that the majority of homes in the District do not test positive for lead in the water.
DC Water is required by law to monitor the houses that do have lead pipes — Hawkins told me that of the few homes that return positive test results, most have scores in the single digits, safely below the EPA limit of 15 parts per billion.
At the same time, there are still thousands of homes in the District that do have lead pipes, meaning the risk of contamination exists. And lead piping isn't evenly distributed through the city — it's concentrated in certain areas.
A quick word on understanding the DC map. It includes data on two categories of pipes: those that are public (in some instances, delivering water to entire blocks and office buildings) and those that are private (on the property of the individual homeowner). This diagram from my colleague Javier Zarracina helps explain the difference.
In order to ensure that a pipe is lead-free, both the public and private components have to be free of the metal. That said, let's dive into the map — and start with my neighborhood of Petworth as an example of a place where there are still many lead pipes.
Petworth is a less affluent neighborhood in DC (median household income as of 2013 was $66,343) and has only recently started to gentrify.
Because there hasn't been a lot of development in the area until very recently, one can clearly see there is still a large prevalence of gray dots, which signify lead pipes. (A two-color dot signifies different things about the private and public pipes — the left half of the dot represents the public pipe, and the right side represents the private infrastructure that belongs to the homeowner).
Compare this same map with an area of DC that is far more affluent. The neighborhood of Cleveland Park, which had a median household income of $104,068 in 2013, has far more green dots than gray.
Household income is obviously not the only factor to consider when weighing the prevalence of lead pipes, but an initial look at the map does suggest it can make a difference.
In some areas of DC, it's still hard to find complete data — the city doesn't have good information on an estimated 90,000 private water lines (the pipes that service individual houses, which belong to the homeowner).
To see what I mean, let's look at the neighborhood of Anacostia in Southeast DC. Considered by many as one of the most marginalized areas of DC, it had a median income of $37,684 in 2013. But the area has benefited significantly from the EPA mandate to remove lead pipes from the city — you can see that in all the green in the map below.
One thing you'll also notice is that many dots here are half green and half white. Nearly all of these are situations where the city knows that the public pipe is lead-free (the green half of the dot) but has no good information about the house's privately owned pipes (the white half of the dot).
And this is one of the big challenges that DC — or any city — faces in getting its arms around the size of the lead pipe problem: A lot of the data is currently missing and is labor-intensive to get.
DC Water says there are still more than 16,000 public water lines for which it does not have any information, in addition to nearly 90,000 privately owned lines for which the agency has no data.
When I asked Hawkins what they had noticed in the data, they told me that DC Water's first priority was to make the data available to the public, rather than analyzing trends. But it is something DC Water hopes to tackle soon, especially as it looks for pockets of the city that it can target where lead pipes remain especially prevalent.
DC's lead pipe data existed on scraps of paper and index cards. Turning it into a map was a big deal.
Spokesperson Pamela Mooring said that other cities like Boston and Charlotte, North Carolina, have also mapped their lead pipes. But DC's map is by far the most granular effort to map lead pipe data, showing metrics on each house in a city with more than 650,000 residents.
But getting there wasn't easy.
Most homes in the District are at least a century old. Much of the pipe data that the city has individual properties was on handwritten index cards and scraps of paper.
Hawkins told me that getting the information digitized was the department's biggest hurdle. The whole project took roughly three months to complete because of prior digitization efforts undertaken by the organization.
For the data used in the map, DC Water used permit and meter records in addition to maintenance work. When data was missing, the agency used historical records to determine the material of a residence's pipe. In situations where DC Water has verified the pipe material used, an actual inspection date is listed.
Hawkins acknowledges that some of the information may not be up to date or accurate, but they encourage property owners to reach out with updated information so they can adjust their records.
"We want to mobilize customers and residents to help us," they said. "We want to draw in the people we serve and help them understand what the issues are and make them part of the decision-making process."
Hawkins also wants to help other cities build their own maps, because they believe this kind of data needs to be displayed in a way that makes it easy for customers to look up site-specific information.
"It is doable," they said. "And now that we've done it, we want to figure out a way to help other cities do something similar."
What to do if you have lead pipes in your home
First of all, don't panic. Just because your home relies on lead pipes doesn't necessarily mean you're at risk for lead poisoning. You can request a free lead test from DC Water, though, just to be safe (more details about that below).
The DC Water department is actively trying to replace all lead piping in the city, although the process does take significant time — and money. The city recently increased its budget from $500,000 to $2 million this year to keep up with increased requests from city residents to replace their homes' pipes.
Hawkins told me the agency has 1,500 requests for lead pipe removal that it's currently processing. While DC Water does the legwork of actually replacing the pipes, homeowners are responsible for paying for the removal of pipe that is privately owned. DC Water covers the cost for removing the public portion of pipe. On average, the process costs a homeowner $2,500.
If you are interested in free lead testing or information about your water service pipe, contact the Drinking Water Division at 202-612-3440.
Flint's water crisis, explained
Image copyright Reuters Image caption Special police stand guard outside the station that was attacked in Zvornik
A gunman has attacked a police station in the Bosnian town of Zvornik, killing an officer and injuring two others before being shot dead, officials say.
According to a police spokesperson, the gunman opened fire in the building with an automatic rifle, shouting "Allahu Akbar" - Arabic for "God is great".
Zvornik is in the Bosnian Serb part of the country, near the Serbian border.
Thousands of Bosnian Muslims in Zvornik were killed or expelled by Serbian forces during the 1992-95 war.
"This is the worst terrorism attack that could happen in the Serb Republic," Dragan Lukac, the region's interior minister, told local television.
Mr Lukac said the security level had been raised in the region.
The two officers wounded in the attack did not have life-threatening injuries, doctors said.
The Bosnian Serb government is expected to hold an emergency session on Monday night.
The imam of the mosque in Zvornik, Mustafa Muharemovic, has condemned the attack, the Associated Press news agency reports.
The country, officially called Bosnia-Herzegovina, is made up of two semi-autonomous regions - the Bosniak-Croat Federation and the Bosnian Serb Republic. Each has its own president, government, parliament, police and other bodies.
A police station in the Bosniak-Croat Federation was targeted by bombers in 2010. The attack killed one officer and wounded five others.
In 2011, a gunman attacked the US embassy in the capital Sarajevo, injuring one police officer.
Image caption Sonograms are usually performed at regular intervals during ordinary pregnancies
A federal judge in Texas has ruled key parts of a new state law which requires women seeking an abortion to undergo a sonogram are unconstitutional.
Judge Sam Sparks upheld the requirement of the law, due to take effect on Thursday, that sonograms be performed.
But they struck down provisions requiring doctors to describe the ultrasound foetus images to patients and that women should hear those descriptions.
They said this would violate free speech rights of both doctors and patients.
The New York-based Center for Reproductive Rights had sued to block the legislation, which was signed in May by Republican Governor Rick Perry, now a White House contender.
'Permanently branding women'
Tuesday's ruling said that requiring doctors to describe a foetus' features would violate the First Amendment of the constitution.
They said this provision "compels physicians to advance an ideological agenda with which they may not agree, regardless of any medical necessity and irrespective of whether the pregnant women wish to listen".
Judge Sparks also struck down a requirement meaning women could only get around the provision if they signed a statement that they became pregnant because of sexual assault or incest.
They wrote that this would require women to disclose "extremely personal, medically irrelevant facts" that will be "memorialised in records that are, at best, semi-private".
"[It] is difficult to avoid the troubling conclusion the Texas legislature either wants to permanently brand women who choose to get abortions, or views these certifications as potential evidence to be used against physicians and women," Judge Sparks wrote.
Supporters have said the law would make certain that women in Texas understood what an abortion entailed.
But opponents have argued the measure could prompt pregnant women to make decisions against their will.
Nancy Northup, head of the Center for Reproductive Rights, told the Associated Press the ruling was a "huge victory for women in Texas and a clear signal to the state legislature that it went too far when it passed this law".
Doctors found breaking the law would face a $10,000 (£6,000) fine and an automatic loss of their medical licences.
Though abortion sonograms are common, they are not always deemed necessary.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
RICHMOND, Va. -- The director of Richmond Animal Care and Control (RACC) along with their father and another animal control worker experienced a Thanksgiving "miracle" after a rescuing a bobcat trapped in the grill of a car Thursday morning.
RACC Director Christie Peters said that a woman driving to work that morning knew that they had hit something in Gloucester County.
However, it was not until they parked at VCU in Richmond that they discovered a bobcat lodged in the grill of their Prius had survived the 50-mile, nearly hour-long journey to the city.
Peters said they had been up since 6:30 a.m. baking their husband's favorite chocolate pie in preparation for hosting Thanksgiving for their family when they got a text message from RACC Officer Barbara Jones.
“Officer Jones sent me a text message at 8:06. And the text was, ‘I'm on a call with a bobcat stuck in the grill of a car – and he's still alive.'"
Peters said the text contained the "crazy eyes" emoji along with the question, “What do I do?”
“We've never done anything like this,” Peters explained. "I didn't want to make anybody else get out of bed on Thanksgiving morning, so I went with my dad.”
Peters said they changed out of their pajamas, grabbed a coat and then went to pick up supplies from the shelter.
Those supplies included a stick pole that would allow them to safely administer a sedative to tranquillize the animal.
“We got on scene and it really was true. It's really a bobcat stuck in the front of a Prius grill,” Peters said. "When we walked by, they hissed at us, so he's alive and may be OK, which was so crazy since they drove from Gloucester to VCU.”
Peters then sedated the animal, which had been wedged into the grill, and within four minutes the big cat was “pretty much out.”
“And as they started to go limp, they started to drop a little bit lower,” Peters explained. “And really in reality the only thing holding them up was a wire… to their underbelly and one plastic piece under their ribcage.”
Peters said the trio loosened and moved the plastic components and pulled the wire before the bobcat dropped under the vehicle.
“And they were completely fine,” Peters said. “It's insane.”
Officer Jones used a catch pole around the animal's neck as a precaution while Peters carried them to their van.
“I've only ever seen one once in real life like running across a road somewhere,” Peters said. “We just don't ever get a chance to be so close to such beautiful, wild creatures and it was just wonderful to know that they made it through such a weird, crazy situation.”
Peters examined the animal for injuries, including checking their limbs for fractures, but said the big cat only suffered a minor cut on their back.
Just to be on the safe side, Officer Jones transported to the animal to the Wildlife Center of Virginia in Waynesboro.
“They were incredibly wonderful and helpful,” Peters said.
Officials said they animal will eventually be released back into the wild near the crossroads where they were hit in Gloucester.
“Animal Control is so funny, you never know what you're going to walk into," Peters said. “It's perfect that it was Thanksgiving… because it was just a miracle and we're so grateful that it ended the way that it did.”
(RNS) A federal court has dismissed three atheist groups' suit against the IRS, in which they accused the tax agency of discriminating against nonreligious nonprofits.
American Atheists and its co-plaintiffs argued that tax filing requirements for nonprofit atheist groups are unfairly tougher than they are for religious nonprofits. They contended that churches and other religious organizations should have to meet the same standards that other nonprofits meet in disclosing information on their donors, employee salaries and other details about the organization.
“We're going to keep fighting,” said American Atheists President David Silverman after the U.S. District Court in Kentucky handed down its decision Monday (May 19). “The court has upheld a prejudiced government practice.”
The atheists had argued that the IRS violates the First Amendment's Establishment Clause and the right to due process, guaranteed by the Fifth Amendment. Generally, tax-exempt organizations must file a 990 financial form with the IRS, but religious and religious-related groups are exempted.
The court found that the atheists had no standing to bring the suit, in part because American Atheists could have applied to the Internal Revenue Service for designation as a religious organization, but never had. It's just speculation that the IRS would reject the application, the court wrote; in fact, the IRS has granted nontheistic groups status as religious nonprofits in the past.
“A review of case law establishes that the words ‘church,' ‘religious organization,' and ‘minister,' do not necessarily require a theistic or deity-centered meaning,” the court wrote.
The atheists held that to apply to the IRS for status as a religious organization would go against their principles.
The court wrote that the plaintiffs had failed to established that any concrete harm had come to them at the hand of the IRS. But the atheists had argued that they could raise far more money if they could tell their potential donors — as religious organizations may — that their names do not have to be disclosed on documents available to the public.
The plaintiffs argued that the American government unfairly subsidizes religious organizations that do not have to prove they do anything to benefit the American people. That is special treatment that costs $71 billion in annual tax revenue, the groups said.
YS/MG END MARKOE
UPDATE: See the full ad below.
Football shmootball. Now there's an even bigger reason to tune into the Super Bowl this Sunday on Fox: EW can exclusively reveal that Netflix's pop culture phenom Stranger Things will air a new teaser during the massive sports event.
EW is also debuting an image from the commercial, featuring Dustin (Gaten Matarazzo), Mike (Finn Wolfhard), and Lucas (Caleb McLaughlin) dressed as Ghostbusters.
The second season of Things takes place in 1984 — one year after the events of the first season — and has been shrouded in secrecy aside from a few details. But executive producer Shawn Levy (Arrival) did offer EW this tease: “The Demogorgon was destroyed but evil wasn't.”
Stranger Things 2, which stars Winona Ryder, David Harbour, Paul Reiser, Sean Astin, Millie Bobby Brown, Noah Schnapp, and Matarazzo, Wolfhard, and McLaughlin, will debut this Halloween on Netflix.
We are blessed to have two of the most anticipated match-ups possible on display on Friday at this year's Roland Garros. With both semifinals striking the same image: an aggressive single-handed backhand powerhouse versus an unrelenting counterpunching immovable force of nature. Envision that contrast in styles with the red gloom of spouting French dirt on the background and you have a satisfying complete picture. The name of the actors on stage? Dominic Thiem opposite Rafael Nadal, and Stan Wawrinka staring down world No. 1 Andy Murray.
I will zero in on the first flavorsome match-up as Rafael Nadal and Dominic Thiem butt heads on Friday for a coveted ticket to the French Open final. There are many intriguing angles to look at, each making a case for either player to come out victorious or why they would endure certain demise at the hands of their opponent.
It's a dream of a tennis match first of all. Nothing short of a pleaser for fans worldwide. It's been a thrill ride for the two gladiators getting to the semifinal stage. Let's see how both players fended off the stern competition, eager to get their scalps, round by round. I'll start with the Spanish Bull, going for ‘La Decima'.
Nadal's road to the semifinals
The King of Clay lost just 22 games on route to the semifinal, winning 80!  They are threatening to lift the Coupe des Mousquetaires on Sunday without not just having to capitulate a set, he's looking to avoid even having to play a tiebreaker, thus mirroring their overwhelming 2008 campaign. They have enjoyed a field day dismissing their opponents with almost insulting consummate ease.
In the first round Benoit Paire had the questionable honor facing Rafa's buggy whip forehand. The Frenchman could not trouble the nine time champion in front of a partisan crowd – although they played an impressive second set – and relinquished their efforts when things were nearing its conclusion: 6-1, 6-4, 6-1. Dutchman Robin Haase put up more of a fight hammering a couple of captivating flying backhand winners, sizzling by their Spanish counterpart. Rafa though, wasn't all that impressed, dominating the contest from start to finish: 6-1, 6-4, 6-3.
Going into round three Nadal absolutely annihilated Nikoloz Basilashvili, saying afterwards it was one of their best matches ever: 6-0, 6-1, 6-0. What followed then were two consecutive Spanish showdowns. First up in the round of last 16, Roberto Bautista Agut couldn't penetrate the court enough with their flat groundstrokes and faced a blow out all the same with Rafa dominating from the baseline reminiscent of their heyday: 6-1, 6-2, 6-2.
If things couldn't get any easier for the man and their quest for ‘la Decima' Pablo Carreno Busta was forced to retire when they were already trailing 2-0 in the second set after losing the first 6-2. Nadal was moved as they watched their countryman leave court Philippe-Chatrier, joining in on the heartwarming applause coming from the stands.
Thiem's road to the semifinals
Dominic Thiem, on the other hand, had surprised friend and foe as they walloped through what should have been a rocky road. The Austrian world No. 9 has yet to drop a set in this year's championship as well. They dispatched fellow next-gen star Bernard Tomic 6-4, 6-0, 6-2 in the opening round before setting aside the dangerous clay court player Simone Bolelli in an almost equally impressive scoreline: 7-5, 6-1, 6-3.
The steady Steve Johnson from the States also received the howitzer backhand treatment from Thiem as they faltered in straights: 6-1, 7-6(4), 6-3. The 23-year old's next casualty would be veteran Horacio Zeballos from Argentina. Wielding a beautiful onehander of their own they still couldn't match Thiem's pace from the back of the court. Thiem cracked winners down the line off of both wings and finished the fourth round encounter with a flourishing ace up the T: 6-3, 6-1, 6-3.
Then came the real test for the sympathetic youngster from Austria. They had to come face to face with their conqueror in Rome: Novak Djokovic. In the Masters Tournament of Rome Thiem was misfiring all afternoon long, being donated just one game by the Serb. Their quarterfinal clash would be decided in the first set. With both players having multiple chances to seal it Thiem clinched the tiebreak in the end and ran away with the match from the second set onwards, confidently leaving the defending champion biting the red dirt and forcing them to swallow a bagel: 7-6(5), 6-3, 6-0.
Previous meetings
The obvious question remains: Who will win this titanic encounter? To provide a decent analysis we need to go down memory lane and take a peek at their most recent meetings. Let's get the big statistic out of the way first. Their head-to-head record sees Nadal doubling the amount of wins compared to that of their seven year younger opponent: 4-2. Both of those wins for Thiem, however, were on Nadal's favorite surface. Thiem got the upper hand in 2016 on the silky clay of Buenos Aires in a tight three-set contest. The other win was just a couple of weeks ago in Rome at the quarterfinal stage, where the Austrian beat Rafa comprehensively in straights.
Noted that preceding their famous win Thiem did suffer two crushing defeats in a row this clay court season against Rafa, in the final of Barcelona and the final of Madrid. But the improvements in Thiem's game have been as impressive as they have been significant. And this is where things get interesting. Nadal isn't a boogieman for Thiem anymore. They know they can blast the terrier from Mallorca off the court. They have gone a long way from their maiden clash which saw Nadal clobbering Thiem in the second round of Roland Garros in 2014.
What kind of match can we expect?
It so happens to be Thiem doesn't have a B game, which also automatically eradicates any doubt in their mind on how to play each competitor on the other side of the net. Simply put, Dominic Thiem goes for it! Always. And the fact that any distinct mental scars are absent – the likes of which Federer had to endure every time when facing Rafa on clay – you can't call anyone crazy when they bet on the Austrian to overthrow the King this Friday.
Pointers have to be made though concerning their last encounter in Rome. As the clay of the ancient city sees the ball bounce faster through the court the conditions definitely favored Thiem's game. Their problem though is that their next encounter with the King of Clay is in their house. And their house happens to be the slowest tennis court on the planet.
How will the points pan out? Thiem will look to return Rafa's serve meters from the baseline and then gradually work their way into the point before going broke on their fearsome groundstrokes. That said, Thiem won't shy away from attacking the net when needed and will throw in a drop shot now and again like they did in their last match against Djokovic. Nadal will adjust their gameplan accordingly. With the Rome loss in mind Carlos Moya and uncle Toni will have done their homework. Mixing up the serve and taking the ball earlier will probably be part of Rafa's game we'll witness tomorrow. He'll have to penetrate the court on a regular basis if they want Thiem to keep their gunpowder in their pocket.
As Thiem is the proud proprietor of a devastating one-hander it doesn't mean Nadal won't do everything in their might to break their primary weapon down. Using as much spin as possible to maneuver Dominic around the court, the Austrian will have to summon up Wawrinka like strength off that wing to drive through those spin pregnant balls on shoulder height with any chance of lasting success.
Prediction
Who will win and how?
In my mind the pendulum of momentum will lean towards one player for a couple of games before tilting to favor the other one. They will enjoy certain spells of dominance. It's just unsure how long they will last. How many winners can Thiem pull off against Rafa? How many balls can Rafa keep in play forcing the error of their trigger-happy rival? What Thiem needs to do is find that delicate balance of controlled aggression or else they will unravel and shift back to the loose cannon they often portray.
If we leave speculations out of the equation what's left is certain certainties. Rafa is the odds on favorite. And he's the one who doesn't need the first set under their belt as badly as their Austrian opponent. Conditions tomorrow won't favor one player too heavily over the other as the forecast is for sunny skies with a few clouds, but not too hot or windy. It will be all up to Thiem for turning this simple tennis match into an enthralling contest for the ages. As it stands now, they have too much confidence and game to not ruffle Rafa's feathers.
My prognosis? The King of Clay scrapes out the win in four close sets.
Be sure to watch the match unfold live point by point right here on Tennis-Pulse. It's the second Friday match on court Philippe-Chatrier.
A live-action remake of Cowboy Bebop, the influential late '90s anime about a group of spacefaring bounty hunters, is in development for American television at Tomorrow Studios, the company announced today.
Tomorrow Studios, a partnership between ITV Studios and television producer Marty Adelstein (Teen Wolf, Aquarius, Prison Break: Resurrection), is teaming up with Sunrise — the Japanese animation studio behind the original Cowboy Bebop — and Midnight Radio to produce the live-action series, according to Variety and Deadline. Christopher Yost, the screenwriter behind Thor: The Dark World and the upcoming Thor: Ragnarok, is on board to write the remake.
“We are excited to work with Sunrise in bringing this beloved anime to the U.S. and global marketplace as a live-action series,” said Adelstein in a statement to Deadline. “The animated version has long resonated with audiences worldwide, and with the continued, ever growing, popularity of anime, we believe a live action version will have an incredible impact today.”
Cowboy Bebop debuted in 1998 on Tokyo TV, and arrived in the U.S. in 2001 as the first anime to be broadcast on Cartoon Network's Adult Swim. It is widely regarded as one of the greatest anime of all time, and its distinctive blend of science fiction and jazz music sets it apart as a pulpy but refined series with wide crossover appeal.
The 26-episode series focuses on Spike Spiegel, a bounty hunter (or “cowboy”) in 2071, and their partner Jet Black, who flies the good ship Bebop. The crew later expands with Faye Valentine, a femme fatale who can hold their own in the galaxy; Ed Wong, a hacker; and the very smart corgi Ein. Sunrise followed up the anime with a film, Cowboy Bebop: The Movie, in 2001. A live-action remake of the movie has been stuck in development hell for years.
— On a weekly trip to the Queens library in Astoria, a 7-year-old girl says they were attacked by a strange man who was creeping around the second floor children's section.
“I didn't know what to do. I was so petrified,” the child told CBS 2's Hazel Sanchez.
The girl said they were reading on the floor inside the library on Aug. 9 when a man tried to engage them in small talk and then grabbed them feet.
“Sniffed them, rubbed them against their beard, and kissed them. Did it to each foot. And then they did the same and just sniffed my flip flops,” they said.
The man allegedly took off while the child ran to their mother on the first floor.
“I'm beyond sick about it,” their mother said.
What's sickened them even more was finding out, if caught, their daughter's alleged attacker would only be charged with a misdemeanor, for forcibly touching a minor.
“It's a misdemeanor? It's the same thing as jaywalking? It's not!” the mother said.
Queens Councilman Peter Vallone agrees.
“Why is it when we catch this guy that he's subject to a maximum eight months in jail? None of that made sense, so we're fixing it,” they said.
Vallone reached out to Assemblywoman Aravella Simotas and Sen. Michael Gianaris, who are now introducing a bill in Albany to make forcible touching of a minor 13 or younger a felony, punishable up to four years in jail.
“I want them to suffer, that's all” the girl said. “I want them to suffer until they die.”
The girl helped police make a sketch of their alleged assailant. The sketch has yet to be released.
The Queens Child Abuse Unit is handling the case.
The library does not have surveillance cameras. In response to the attack, Councilman Vallone has secured funding to have cameras installed.
Do you agree with the effort to make forcibly touching a minor a felony? Sounds off in our comments section below…
There is a justifiable uproar over the fact that Eric Cantor, the Republican whip, has pledged their party's greater allegiance to Netanyahu than Obama [quotes below]. Andrew Sullivan calls it a “scandal.” Jim Traub at Foreign Policy asks, “Did Bibi win the midterms?” and then picks up a statement Cantor–“the leading GOP voice on Israel”–made on talk radio:
Cantor said that “it is very controversial” to “slam our ally, Israel,” adding that “most Americans understand that Israel's security is synonymous with America's security.” Actually, it's extraordinary to think that any country's security can be “synonymous” with that of the United States…
Glenn Greenwald lands on the declaration, too.
I'll quote Greenwald in a moment, but I want to get to my slight irritation with the coverage. Does it matter that Cantor is Jewish? All the commenters step around this fact. (Except Laura Rozen: Cantor “is set to become the highest ranking Jewish member of Congress in history.”) They don't want to feed anti-Semitism; some of them are Jews, they obviously believe that you can be Jewish and American and not be biased toward Israel. And that's true, you can.
But I think their Jewishness is relevant. Whenever an article praises Cantor for their support of Israel, they like to point out that they are only Jewish GOP member of Congress. And I bet that if any one of these writers told you about Cantor's siding with Netanyahu over a drink, they'd mention their Jewishness. It would be like talking about about political opposition to stem-cell research without referring to evangelical Christians.
Are there evangelical Christians who support stem-cell research? I'm sure. But the politics of the question have a strong religious component; and journalists make generalizations, justifiably. And Zionism (whatever its imperial or Christian veneers) is a religiously-borne ideology.
I can't wait till Jewish attitudes here are diverse. They are not now. Zionism captured Jewish life 40-70 years ago; Dershowitz says that it is the sacred mission of Jews to defend Israel. This is an invocation that I and every other Jew has heard. As J Street proclaimed the other day, “a deep commitment to Israel…[is] interwoven deep in the soul of American Jewish political identity.” I agree, lamentably. It's woven, and the only way we will unweave it is to acknowledge its prominent presence. And as to dual loyalty, Eric Alterman and John Judis both explained that dual loyalty is part of support for Zionism. So did the anti-Zionist Rabbi Elmer Berger 70 years ago. So did Herzl's rich English hosts 110 years ago when they told them to get lost, they were doing fine in England.
And the reason it's vital to talk about these things now is that you can't unpack the disastrous American decision to invade Iraq or the push now to go to war with Iran (or indeed the unending support for Israeli colonization of the West Bank, or the defeat of the right of return in the 40s and 50s when American presidents were demanding the return of the refugees) without talking about the lobby and the construction of Jewish identity. I submit that not acknowledging the Jewish piece of this is a kind of forcible political stupidity that inhibits genuine understanding. But here is Greenwald:
Neil Gaiman Gets Newbery Sticker
Cheers to Neil Gaiman for taking home the Newbery Award for "The Graveyard Book," a book which they describe as "The Jungle Book, but with ghosts.""The Graveyard Book" is the story of a kid named Nobody who grows up in a graveyard, surrounded by ghosts who protect them from their family's murderer, a "man named Jack." Now, fifth graders doing book reports everywhere will be able to choose something other than "Johnny Tremain" and "Cry, the Beloved Country," something a little bit more magical and strange.I'm glad that Gaiman has successfully made the complete transition from comic book writer to novelist. One of my favorite set-pieces from Gaiman's "Sandman" comic book is the library in the Dreaming where all the books that never had a chance to get written end up, books thwarted by fear, insanity, drug addiction, or an untimely death. There is a whole shelf full of lost Coleridge, for instance. I bet Gaiman's shelf is huge. Lately, however, Gaiman is plucking unwritten gems from the vault of their imagination at an alarming rate: a phenomenon which could be risky, and is always painful."The Graveyard Book" sounds like the kind of book I would have enjoyed when I was a kid. Ghosts make good characters in books because once they get what they want they disappear forever, not like the rest of us who must deal with the ramifications of acquired desire.As a result of their success, Gaiman has already announced a movie deal for their fairy tale.According to Gaiman, Neil Jordan -- Irish director of "The Butcher Boy," "Michael Collins," "Breakfast on Pluto," and "The Crying Game" -- will be directing the movie version of "The Graveyard Book."Will "the man named Jack" be secret IRA? Or perhaps a secret lady?Evidently, Jordan did a movie called "High Spirits" back in 1988 about Irish ghosts starring Peter O'Toole and Steve Guttenberg.From wikipedia:"Peter O'Toole is Peter Plunkett, the owner of a dilapidated Irish castle which acts as a bed and breakfast supplying the only employment for the local villagers. Owing money to an American business person, Plunkett has the idea to turn the castle into "The most haunted castle in Europe" for the tourist trade. They and their wacky staff of Irish characters set about creating ghost costumes and effects for their first group of American lodgers."Before Gaiman's narrative is burned into celluloid, I suggest you get out there and read this book as soon as you can, preferably out loud to someone young and impressionable like an NYU student.You may only have a year or so to help them build their imagination and to fill them with their first, sad realization that "the book was better all along."
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Theresa May has revealed how the gruelling election campaign is interfering with their love for cricket.
The Prime Minister is a huge fan and had a poster of England opening batsman Geoffrey Boycott on their bedroom wall as a schoolgirl.
But they have struggled to keep up with the England team's fortunes, including yesterday's Champions Trophy clash with Bangladesh at The Oval.
John Major famously had civil servants bring them notes with updates from Test matches as they chaired Cabinet meetings in the 1990s.
But asked by the Mirror if they were managing to stay in touch with the action yesterday, they said: “Sadly not, I've been missing the cricket actually I'm afraid.”
(Image: Getty)
They joked how they had to skip to Monday's match at Lord's where England collapsed to 20-6 against South Africa before eventually losing.
"I was invited to the one day on Monday but obviously because of campaigning I didn't go - and I'm jolly grateful given what happened - I'd have been tearing my hair out.
"The unfortunate thing is my cricket watching has been reduced significantly, but I might try to catch up with Geoffrey at some stage.”
They boasted of meeting their batting hero during a trade mission to India last autumn, where Boycott backed the PM.
"You know we we saw Geoffrey Boycott on the trip to India last year - just at the beginning of the last series, and they came to a reception to high commissioner gave.”
Mrs May has faced criticism for refusing to turn up to TV debates despite calling the general election herself.
Our institutions of higher education are finally teaching students things they'll actually need in the real world. This summer, Michigan State University will once again offer a course called "Surviving the Coming Zombie Apocalypse: Disasters, Catastrophes, and Human Behavior."
According to its Facebook page, the online course "uses the idea of a Zombie Apocalypse to attract attention to the important topic and research on 'Catastrophes and Human Behavior.'" Students will "learn about the nature, scope and impact of catastrophic events," and will be "assigned into Survivor Groups located throughout the United States and must face the challenges of living and surviving together during a catastrophic event."
Not only will students learn how to plan for the day when hordes of mindless, gore-covered fiends come for their delicious brains, they will also receive class credit.
Here's a movie-style trailer for the course (because "Surviving the Coming Zombie Apocalypse" needs a way to set itself apart from ENG 117: Intro to Victorian Lit):
Check out more info on Michigan State's zombie class here.
Re: Risk v. Charity (was: RE: Workers Paradise. /Political rant
Personally, I paid my way through uni...full fees. I took out a loan when I developed cancer to pay for it (as the health insurance was not finalised for aproval - so they got out of paying). The few months I was unemployed after I left the military because of a confict of interests I earned money by doing whatever I could get (even though I am an engineer I have worked in a petrol station). So why and for what reason sould I have to pay several 10's of thousands each year to support others. I have never taken help from the govenment, I do not feel I should have to pay as well. And what am I paying for...to protect the status quo. I believe that there is more than enough help for ppl available. They just need to get off their butts and work. > > [email protected] (Timothy C. May) wrote: > > >"Saving for a rainy day," whether saving, investing, getting an education > > (while others are out partying), preparing, etc., all takes effort and > > commitment. If those who save and prepare are then told they have to pay > > high taxes to support those who partied....well, the predictable effect > > [...] is _more_ people in agony. When you tell people that a compassionate > > society will meet their basic needs, a predictable fraction of them will choose > > not to work hard and prepare themselves. > > > > Two questions, two observations: > > Do you have health insurance? > > Do you have life insurance? > > Yes, so? > Yes, so? Myself also yes,yes > > I have commented on your line of reasoning before and and it still > > seems to me that an important part of the discussion is missed. > > Specifically, that anyone can "save for a rainy day" and still not be > > able to provide for events that can always happen: Heart attack, stroke, > > car accident, pinched nerve that leaves you in excruciating pain and > > unable to work for several years. > > Understand what it is you are saying. > ,'~``. \|/ ,'``~. (-o=o-) (@ @) ,(-o=o-), +--.oooO--(_)--Ooo-----oOO-(_)-OOo-------oooO--(_)--Oooo.------+ | | | Soon, we may all be staring at our computers, wondering | | whether they're staring back. | | | | [Network Admin For WPA Business Products. aka doshai >;-) ] | | .oooO http://pip.com.au/~doshai/ Oooo. | | ( ) Oooo. .oooO ( ) | +-----\ (----( )-------oooO-Oooo--------( )--- ) /---------+ \_) ) / \ ( (_/ (_/ \_) Key fingerprint = 2D F4 54 BB B4 EA F1 E7 B6 DE 48 92 FC 8D FF 49 Send a message with the subject "send pgp-key" for a copy of my key. (if I want to give it to you)
Philippe Gilbert needs victories in Milano-Sanremo and Paris-Roubaix to win all five of cycling's monuments.
Philippe Gilbert (Quick-Step Floors) is no longer a spring chicken, but he's still as ambitious as ever.
Victory in this year's Tour of Flanders revived the 35-year-old's dream of winning all five of cycling's monuments. He's won three — Flanders, Liège-Bastogne-Liège, and Giro di Lombardia (twice) — and believes Milano-Sanremo and Paris-Roubaix are reachable.
“Everyone knows that I dream of winning Sanremo and Roubaix, and completing my palmares with these two monuments,” Gilbert said on the team's website. “Having them in my sights gives me a fresh motivation.”
The monument “grand slam” is one of cycling's most prestigious and elusive goals. The five one-day races are among cycling's longest, most difficult, and most prestigious titles. Winning all of them is not easy. Only three riders — Eddy Merckx, Roger De Vlaeminck, and Rik Van Looy — have managed to pull it off.
Perhaps more than any rider in the contemporary peloton, Gilbert has the skillset to seriously make a challenge. Lombardia and Liège, two races he's already won, require climbing skills, while Sanremo is a sprinter's race. Flanders and Roubaix are titled more in favor of brawny cobble-bashers.
Of their remaining two monuments, Gilbert has enjoyed more success in Italy's Sanremo, twice finishing third. He's only raced Roubaix once, finishing 52nd in 2007.
A few things could stand in their way. The sprint-friendly Sanremo is the most hotly contested race among the monuments, with literally dozens of riders starting each March with realistic possibilities. The rise of Quick-Step teammate Fernando Gaviria might also complicate things for Gilbert at La Primavera.
And to win Roubaix, Gilbert needs to be at the start line. Even after winning Flanders last year, Gilbert skipped Roubaix to recover in time for a run at the Ardennes classics. A fourth victory at Amstel Gold Race in April confirmed they made the right decision to avoid the ravages of Roubaix.
Few riders today race both the cobblestoned northern classics and the hillier Ardennes races in the same calendar year. The retirement of Roubaix king Tom Boonen could open up more room for Gilbert to finally race Roubaix with more leadership responsibilities.
Gilbert signed a two-year contract extension to stay with Quick-Step through 2019.
“I've been very successful in the classics over the years, and if I will win another one before bowing out from the sport, I will be happy,” Gilbert said. “If not, I'll just take things as they come. Even if I don't win all the monuments, I want to know that I tried and when the time will come, to quit cycling without any regrets.”
Men, you might want to rush to the nearest waxing parlour after reading this! According to a new research, at least 80 percent women prefer a man with a smooth chest. Researchers from Trnava University in Slovakia asked women to rate the attractiveness of men with hairy and hairless chests - and found only 20 percent of women preferred the more 'hairy' version while eighty per cent of women prefers relatively hair-free men.
Evolutionary biologists have been puzzled by the fact that humans are not nearly as furry as our closest primate relatives. One common theory for our relative hairlessness suggests that women long ago adopted a preference for less hairy guys as a way to avoid lice and other nasty bloodsuckers.
But this new research suggests that this so-called "ectoparasite avoidance hypothesis" may not explain the evolution of human hairlessness. "According to evolutionary view, hairless men should be preferred, particularly in areas (or cultures) with high parasite threat, which means close to the equator, where parasite richness is highest," said Pavol Prokop, a professor of biology at Trnava University in Slovakia, wrote in an email to LiveScience.
"We compared only two countries that differ in parasite threat, but we found no differences in women's preferences," Prokop said. The researchers asked 161 Turkish and 183 Slovakian women to rate the attractiveness of men with hairy and hairless chests.
To keep the men's appearance as consistent as possible, the researchers had men photographed from the neck to the waist with hairy chests, and then asked them to shave before posing for an identical photograph. Instead, the study found that very few women in either country prefer a hairy chest. Only about 20 percent of women rated the more hirsute versions of the men as more attractive.
The team now plan to repeat the research in other countries to find out if cultural differences influence the reaction. Earlier studies suggested women's hair preferences do differ by country and women in the African nation of Cameroon, for example, preferring hairier guys, while women in China, New Zealand and California went for a bare look.
Some research even suggests women in fertile phases of their menstrual cycles are attracted to less hair on men than women in less-fertile phases, who prefer a slightly hairier look.
The study was published in journal Archives of Sexual Behavior.
Whether stubbing a toe or stroking a cat, the sensation of touch starts out as a mechanical force that is then transformed into an electrical signal conveying pain or other sensations. Tiny channels in neurons act as translators by helping to formulate that signal to the brain. However, scientists know little about the fine details of how these channels work.
New work at Rockefeller University has revealed that one such channel in humans responds to mechanical force using a never-before-seen mechanism. Researchers led by Roderick MacKinnon, John D. Rockefeller Jr. Professor and head of the Laboratory of Molecular Neurobiology and Biophysics examined the TRAAK channel, which is involved in painful touch sensation, at the molecular and atomic levels, finding that it works by reducing the flow of potassium ions that create an electrical signal. The researchers' findings were released today (December 3) in Nature.
"It is fascinating to wonder how living cells evolved molecules capable of turning small mechanical forces, such as those associated with touch, into electrical signals in the nervous system. That question served as the impetus for this work," MacKinnon says.
The channels that act as gates in the membranes that envelop neurons, including TRAAK, allow electrically charged atoms, called ions, to move in or out. It's this movement that is the basis for an electrical signal that carries information. TRAAK channels are one of 78 types of channels in the human body that transport potassium ions; there are others devoted to other ion types. By allowing potassium to trickle out of the neuron, TRAAK normally quiets the neurons, balancing out other channels, which would otherwise create a strong electrical signal for pain.
"TRAAK acts kind of like the brakes on a painful touch sensation, while other channels act as the gas. If you take away the brakes, innocuous touch becomes painful," says first author Stephen Brohawn, a postdoc in the lab.
Prior work in the lab has shown TRAAK responds to membrane tension -- that is stretching caused by a physical force. However, it wasn't clear how this force caused the channel to open. In fact, scientists had previously only explained the workings of two mechanical-force sensing channels, both of which are found in bacteria.
After purifying the protein that makes up TRAAK, the team crystallized it and determined its structure using X-ray diffraction analysis. Based on the pattern produced by X-rays bounced off the crystallized protein, scientists can infer the structure of the molecule. But because it is difficult to get high-quality crystals from TRAAK, the researchers used antibodies that targeted it to create a sort of scaffold to help guide the formation of crystals.
In the structural images revealed by this work, the researchers found a unique system is responsible for holding off the flow of ions. TRAAK's central cavity, through which the ions must pass, is flanked by two spiral-shaped chains called helices. When both of these chains are kinked upward, the channel is open so potassium can leave the cell. But when one of these two chains relaxes downward, it uncovers a sort of side door into the center of the neuron membrane.
Neuron membranes, like all cell membranes, consist of two layers of molecules called lipids that have heads facing outward and greasy chains extending inward. When TRAAK's side door is open, one of those greasy chains, called an acyl chain, pokes into TRAAK's central cavity, blocking it so no potassium can pass. No known channel uses a mechanism like this.
"This is the first time anyone has seen, at a molecular level, how mechanical force can open a channel in animals, including humans," Brohawn says. "When the membrane stretches, TRAAK widens, sort of like a dot on a balloon that expands as it is inflated. That wider conformation pulls the helices upward, preventing an acyl chain from blocking the channel, and so leaving it open for potassium ions."
"The direct involvement of lipid molecules in the gating mechanism begins to explain another well-known property of TRAAK channels -- that their gating is sensitive to general anesthetics and other molecules known to enter the lipid membrane where they insert themselves between its acyl chains. By doing so, it appears these anesthetics can shut down pain sensations by locking TRAAK in an open position," MacKinnon says.
It was about damn time I finished this commission. Here, folks, you can observe the kind of drawing that took me one month and twelve days to complete. Sure, there were long periods where I didn't work on it, but it's still very long regardless. This also sold for a high price because of the sheer size of it, the very difficult angle, the overall composition, and the many characters (I didn't count but there's probably more than ten). I'm not complaining, tho, because I was the one who decided to do all these things : Tofu asked me which scene from their story I'd like to draw, and I picked one that really broke my heart : Krieg Razorbeak's last stand.You can find Fallout: Equestria - Outlaw here : docs.google.com/document/d/164… Also, we have a new blogpost up on our website at The Overmare Studios, check it out, it's about guuuuuns ! theovermare.com/blog/2015/04/i…
On the surface, it is an easy argument to make that the first World Cup of Hockey played in 12 years was not a business success.
There were lots of empty seats at the Air Canada Centre, not just for games between known tough sells such as Sweden and Finland but also for the two games of the final between Canada and Europe. Tickets for the final – as many as 2,741 at various prices less than four hours before the first game – could be had on the ticket reselling site StubHub for as little as $20. And there were dozens of tickets that were not previously sold available from Ticketmaster at the much higher face values (up to $513) for what was claimed as a sellout. Since Toronto is considered the largest and richest hockey market in the world, this had to be troubling to the organizers.
The kindest thing to say about the viewing party for Game 1 of the final on the big video screen at Maple Leaf Square, next to the ACC, was that attendance was sparse. So sparse that it was not a shock when the tournament organizers, the NHL and the NHL Players' Association, cancelled the party for Game 2 on Thursday because of "inclement weather."
Story continues below advertisement
While the estimated profit from the 15-day tournament – about $60-million in mixed Canadian and U.S. dollars in the best guess of those with knowledge of the finances – looks impressive at first glance, the number of ways it has to be split quickly waters it down. The profit is split 50-50 between the league and the players' union.
Even the organizers admitted that this World Cup was not a cash bonanza. NHL deputy commissioner Bill Daly said it was still a better financial deal for the league than the Olympic Games, but they added, "It's a relatively minor commercial opportunity."
The NHL's 50 per cent, $30-million, means that each of the 30 teams gets $1-million. But in accounting terms, since the plan is to hold the World Cup every four years, that $1-million should be annualized over that period, which reduces the profit to $250,000 a team. More than a few team owners would say that is not much incentive to risk a serious injury to superstars such as Sidney Crosby.
There was also bad news when it came to television. While the Canadian ratings were good, 3.1 million for the Canada-Russia semi-final game on CBC and Sportsnet, and 2.1 million for the first game of the final despite competition from the Toronto Blue Jays, it was a different story in the United States.
Because of the poor performance by Team USA, the best rating for ESPN was the 766,000 viewers who watched the Canada-U.S. round-robin game. European ratings were also low, although the time difference and tournament format, which saw Team Europe formed with players from several countries not in the event, were challenges.
That is a long list of disappointments, but only if you take the short view, in the opinion of the main organizers. Yes, the World Cup of Hockey has long been treated as a red-headed stepchild by both the NHL and the NHLPA (this was just the third one since 1996), but they both see this one as the jumping-off point for a new push to sell the game around the world.
"You look at the crowds. You look at the sponsor reaction. You look at the fact that [more than three million] people in Canada watched the game in either French or English [last] Saturday night," NHL commissioner Gary Bettman said. "You judge using that criteria and a little bit of intuitiveness about the buzz. You plan things and you see how they work.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"The plan was to re-establish the World Cup as a major event by doing it the way we're doing it in one place, since we hadn't been around for 12 years – and it accomplished all of our objectives.
"We're going to sit down with the players' association, when this is all over, take a deep breath, talk about what we think went really well and about what we could do differently and what we should do differently – and look at the opportunities and options. There's already been expressed to us, from lots of places, an interest in hosting this event. So we'll take it from there."
NHLPA executive director Don Fehr, an advocate of international competition as a marketing tool going back to their days as head of the Major League Baseball Players Association, was equally enthusiastic.
"I think you'd be pretty hard-pressed to find a tournament that was as competitive game by game as this one was or played at this kind of high level with this kind of intensity," they said. "That bodes really well for the future. We have to harness that, we have to show it to people, explain it."
Both Bettman and Fehr said there will be at least one more World Cup in four years. The NHL and the players expect to work together to sell the game in markets outside of North America, especially in Asia. Fehr said the World Cup "will be an enormous part of it; it might be the centrepiece of it. It's going to grow."
As the accountants add up the numbers to discover the actual profit in the next few months, some of the things the league and the union plan to discuss are the format, scheduling and locations. At this point, the most likely change will be eliminating the two hybrid teams, Team North America and Team Europe, in favour of more national teams.
Story continues below advertisement
Ideally, there will be a long round of play-in games among more countries than the usual six hockey powers leading up to the next World Cup. And there are hopes of selling the tournament to the highest bidder among a large group of prospective host cities.
Where the Olympics fits in is not known. At present, negotiations between the NHL and the International Olympic Committee and the International Ice Hockey Federation for the league's participation in the 2018 Olympics in Pyeongchang, South Korea, are not going well. The sticking point is the IOC's reluctance to continue paying the insurance on the players' contracts as well as their travel and accommodation.
Daly was particularly pessimistic. They said they were doubtful that an agreement could be reached, although it must be remembered that Daly and Bettman are in negotiating mode with the IOC. Daly said a decision is needed in the next few months, but there is no set deadline.
The NHL may not be as hard-line with the IOC as it appears, since both the Pyeongchang Olympics and the 2022 Games in Beijing are in the league's target market of Asia. The league is particularly interested in gains in China, which is showing signs of interest in hockey.
In the meantime, the work of dividing the profits of this year's World Cup will continue. At this point, there is no definitive information on the finances, although the organizers expected around $100-million in revenue with a chance of that rising to $120-million. But the expenses were high, as the tournament had to pay the entire cost of the Europe and North America teams as well as the travel, accommodation and training-camp costs of all eight teams.
The single biggest contributor to the tournament was Rogers Communications Inc., which paid $30-million for the Canadian television rights. Sources in the advertising community say Rogers did not sell out the advertising inventory for the Sportsnet and CBC networks, but it sold enough to turn a modest profit. ESPN paid around $5-million (U.S.) for the American rights, while the European and other international rights went for considerably less, perhaps a total of $2-million.
Story continues below advertisement
Sponsor sales went well, with about nine corporations, including Samsung, Pepsi and Canadian Tire, paying an estimated average of $3-million each to be the major sponsors. Merchandise sales have yet to be tallied, but at least $2-million is expected.
Neither the league nor the union would say what the ticket sales were, but hockey fans did not snap up every ticket. The problem, aside from the unusual tournament format, was the outsized expectations of what people in the world's top hockey market would pay. At first, tickets were sold only in packages for hundreds of dollars per game and it was only when sales were slow that single games went on the market. However, it appears the tournament could hit about $30-million in sales.
For the players, a straight division of their $30-million share of the profit among the 720 members of the NHLPA represents $41,667 per man. Not bad for a month of work during the off-season, including training camp and the tournament, especially if you are one of the majority of NHL players who were not picked to play on one of the eight teams.
However, the players are in the midst of a debate over how to split their share. Many of those who played in the tournament say they should get most of the money. While this may have the potential for hard feelings, Fehr called it a "healthy discussion."
Since the actual profit will not be known for at least a couple of months, the players have time to make a collective decision. "If the question is, 'Am I concerned about it?' the answer is no," Fehr said.
With a report from Eric Duhatschek
For their next act, Sacha Baron Cohen is likely to play a super rich homophobe. The comedic star of Borat, Bruno and The Dictator has just signed a deal with Paramount to develop The Lesbian, a comedic spin on the true story of Cecil Chao, a Hong Kong billionaire who publicly offered $65 million to any man who could woo and marry their gay daughter. It made international headlines and, obviously, is ripe for parody. Read more below.
Deadline broke the news of the deal. No writer has been attached and while there's no guarantee Baron Cohen would star, it seems likely that he'll take the role of the father, and he'll definitely be a producer on the film.
Last month, Gigi Chao eloped with their female partner in France because Hong Kong does not recognize same-sex marriage. When their father, Cecil Chao, found out, they put out the bounty for their daughter's hand and marriage proposals began flowing in. In an interview with the Associated Press, Miss Chao said they were still on good terms with their father despite their old-fashioned ways.
It's likely Paramount doesn't hold any rights to the Chao's story, and are just hoping Baron Cohen can take the idea of it and push it to the extreme, much like they did with The Dictator, which grossed $175 million worldwide. You can also begin to see how the story would come together: super rich, sleazy, un-PC billionaire has an innocent sweet daughter who gets married to a girl, they freak out, creates international headlines, appears on news shows, big fight with the daughter, this story writes itself.
Had you heard of this story before? Do you think Baron Cohen will make it a worthwhile film?
LONDON — Greenpeace activists scaled the columns in front of the British Museum on Thursday morning, attaching and then unfurling banners that protested the oil company BP's sponsorship of a new exhibition, “Sunken Cities, Egypt's Lost Worlds.” The museum was closed until 2 p.m., “to ensure the safety of the museum's visitors,” a spokesperson said in an email. Eleven people were arrested in connection with trespassing.
There have been protests against other BP-sponsored exhibitions at the museum, including “Shakespeare: Staging the World” in 2012, and “Vikings: Life and Legend” in 2014, but this was the first time the museum had to close.
The protest follows another made by the theatrical group “BP or not BP” on Tuesday evening during a V.I.P. reception for “Sunken Cities,” which displays artifacts from two lost Egyptian cities buried under the sea.
The GDP growth number for the latest quarter (2017Q2) was bad, very bad. It came in at a year-on-year growth of 5.7 per cent. Just to provide a perspective — the low growth reported was the eighth worse quarter since 2011, and the 14th worst quarter since the start of the high growth period in 2003/04. You want more evidence on the lowness of this growth number? The average GDP growth for the two years prior to the election of Narendra Modi election in May 2014 was 6.4 per cent; even if for the rest of this fiscal year GDP growth averages an unlikely 6.5 per cent each quarter, the fiscal year numbers will not match the UPA average for their bad years. Yes, that is how bad GDP growth is today.
Advertising
It is imperative that the political and economic policymakers in the Modi government get down to identifying the cause of this downturn. National elections are just 18 months away, and does the BJP actually believe that a growth rate below the UPA's worst years will not dent its popularity?
Prior to the 2017Q2 number, the favourite refrain of the Modi detractors or Congress supporters (same set of individuals) was that the high GDP growth rate in 2014/15 and 2015/16 (7.5 and 8 per cent, respectively) was caused by political manipulation of the figures by the Central Statistical Organisation (CSO). The critics were too politically correct to say so openly but they clearly implied that the CSO was fudging the growth figures at the behest of the BJP government. Now that the GDP numbers conform to their political priors, there is not a squeak from all these statistical doubters; these critics-without-base should either come out with their latest updates on GDP growth in India or at least apologise to the CSO for doubting their integrity and expertise.
The media and economic experts have noted the phenomenon of low growth and have offered two explanations. The most common, near universal explanation, is the equivalent of the butler did it. In other words, the closest, most proximate (and coincidentally most popular with the anti-Modi crowd) cause of the growth slowdown is demonetisation.
Advertising
Besides convenience, this explanation has some theory to back it up: If for a cash-dependent economy, you remove its lifeline (over 86 per cent of cash was demonetised on November 8, 2016) then obviously you will get a crash in output. As the “experts” point out with glee, a 2 per cent decline in GDP growth was exactly what was predicted by them to be the consequence of demonetisation. Growth has shown a big decline, and the world economy is booming, so India is in low growth mode because of demonetisation.
The second most popular explanation centres around the appreciation of the RBI's nominal 36-country real effective exchange rate (REER). Some noted economists are behind this logic, hence, this hypothesis deserves serious examination. For the moment, let it be noted that for the first eight months of this year, exports (in US dollar terms) are up 12.1 per cent, while the REER has appreciated by 4.8 per cent. For the last six years, and excluding the bad trade year of 2015 (export and import growth were — 15 per cent and — 12 per cent, respectively), both export growth and REER appreciation in 2017 are the highest observed. Between 2012 and 2016, export growth had averaged 0.3 per cent, and REER an average depreciation of 1.6 per cent.
For the moment, the export explanation for the growth slowdown is perhaps even less meaningful than demonetisation.
So what does explain the downturn? Bad weather or bad karma? Maybe the latter. One fact noted by some objective experts is that the growth slowdown preceded de-monetisation. After hitting a peak of 9.1 per cent in 2016Q1, quarterly GDP growth registered 7.9 and 7.5 per cent in the subsequent quarters, that is, at the time of demonetisation, GDP growth was already down to 7.5 per cent, a full 1.6 per cent below the peak reached just two quarters earlier.
If one has to explain the growth slowdown without recourse to conspiracy theories about data manipulation (we can't really do that now because growth is lower, much lower, than what the so-called data manipulators would like) one has to begin to answer the following two questions: What determines growth, and which of these determinants was flashing a red signal before demonetisation.
In most countries (strike that and replace with all countries except a unique country called India) the above question has the same answer — look at interest rates, stupid. No matter what country you go to, central bank and government officials have the same answer and the same policy: If you want to increase demand (up the GDP growth rate), decrease interest rates; if you want to decrease demand, increase interest rates. Why Indian macro-experts almost never offer this policy is a question I can't answer — a psychiatrist might do much better.
That interest rates do matter in India, and matter a lot, can be shown as follows. We look at only those sectors most susceptible or sensitive to interest rate policy. Agriculture can be ruled out, as it is most influenced by the weather; public utilities, public administration and defence should be excluded from the analysis, as these sectors are more susceptible to the whims and decisions of bureaucrats rather than the babus residing in Mumbai.
Which leaves us with manufacturing, mining, services (excluding public administration) and construction. Both mining and manufacturing (M&M) are problematic for any analysis because these two sectors have been plagued with high corruption, and even higher bad balance sheets (NPAs or non-performing assets). It is likely that resolution of the NPA problem will significantly improve investments and growth, but the resolution will need a different instrument than lowering interest rates.
If one takes only the interest rate sensitive sectors (services – public administration + construction) then one can estimate interest sensitivity of output growth. This sector can also be thought of as the demonetisation sector. Agriculture and government expenditures bias GDP growth upwards, balance sheet considerations bias GDP growth downwards. These sectors are ignored in our calculations.
The chart shows the relationship between the growth in the interest-sensitive (demonetisation) sector and lagged real SBI lending rates. Data are presented for fiscal years from 1978 to 2015. Note the strong central negative relationship for close to 40 years. Each 100 bp increase in the one-year lagged real lending rate decreases growth by 40 bp. Between 2012 and 2014, the one year lagged real lending rate averaged around 5 per cent; the corresponding values for 2015 and 2016, 8.8 and 9.7 per cent. So annual growth in the fiscal year 2017/18 is expected to be around 2 percentage points lower than that observed in 2015.
Average growth in the demonetisation sector in 2015-16 was 9 per cent — hence, 7 per cent is the expected growth for this sector in 2017/18. We have only two observations since demonetisation — 2017Q1 and 2017Q2; sector growth rate in these two quarters was 6.5 and 7.9 per cent respectively, or an average of 7.2 per cent.
Advertising
We don't want to push the analysis too far in the direction that only interest rates matter — there is the weather, animal spirits, momentum, confidence, and a host of other vaguely important factors. However, no matter what explanation you come up with, you will have to circle back to interest rates — the evidence is that strong. But go ahead, disregard the evidence. You are in good company with the experts at the RBI (and MPC). They must know better, otherwise why else will they keep real interest rates at world-beating levels?
Citigroup CEO Vikram Pandit Steps Down
Enlarge this image toggle caption Spencer Platt/Getty Images Spencer Platt/Getty Images
Vikram Pandit, the chief executive officer of Citigroup, has stepped down, the company's board announced today.
"The Board also announced it has unanimously elected Michael Corbat CEO and a director of the Board," Citigroup said in a statement. "Mr. Corbat previously served as Citigroup's CEO of Europe, Middle East and Africa."
Pandit's resignation was effective immediately. As Business Insider reports, the succession was rumored but "shock resignations like this (especially resigning that day) are just not usually done, and don't inspire investor confidence."
The New York Times reports:
"The surprising move by Mr. Pandit comes just one day after the firm reported stronger-than-expected third-quarter earnings. Under Mr. Pandit's tenure, which began shortly before the financial crisis of 2008, Citi struggled through enormous market upheaval and needed several rescue lines from the government. "But it has slowly recovered, in large by shedding big portions of its businesses. Among them is Smith Barney, the brokerage operation that is being absorbed by Morgan Stanley."
In a statement, Pandit said they were leaving Citigroup "well-positioned for continued profitability and growth."
They added:
"Given the progress we have made in the last few years, I have concluded that now is the right time for someone else to take the helm at Citigroup. I could not be leaving the Company in better hands. Mike is the right person to tackle the difficult challenges ahead, with a 29-year record of achievement and leadership at this Company. I will truly miss the wonderful people throughout this organization. But I know that together with Mike they will continue to build on the progress we have made."
Update at 9:39 a.m. ET. COO Also Resigns:
The Wall Street Journal reports that in light of Pandit's resignation, Chief Operating Officer John P. Havens also submitted their resignation.
The Journal adds:
This article is over 2 years old
Ted Cruz meets Taiwan president and fires their own broadside at China
The Texas senator Ted Cruz and governor, Greg Abbott, have met the Taiwanese president, Tsai Ing-wen, while they were passing through the state on their way to diplomatic stops in Central America.
Donald Trump 'not denying Russia was behind hacking campaign', says Priebus Read more
Cruz said China's consulate had asked, in “a curious letter”, that the Houston congressional delegation “uphold the ‘One China policy'” and not meet the Taiwanese leader.
In December, Donald Trump spoke with Tsai by phone, breaking decades of US precedent in relations with China. Cruz, a Republican who endorsed Trump after losing to them in the presidential primary, had previously defended Trump's call.
“The People's Republic of China needs to understand that in America we make decisions about meeting with visitors for ourselves,” Cruz said in a statement on Sunday.
“This is not about the PRC [People's Republic of China]. This is about the US relationship with Taiwan, an ally we are legally bound to defend. The Chinese do not give us veto power over those with whom they meet. We will continue to meet with anyone, including the Taiwanese, as we see fit.”
Cruz said they and Tsai discussed “arms sales, diplomatic exchanges and economic relations”, and that they hoped to increase trade between Texas and Taiwanese markets.
In a separate statement, Abbott said they and Tsai discussed agriculture and gas trade, and exchanged gifts. Tsai received “a clock bearing the Texas state seal”, Abbott said, and the governor was given a vase.
Abbott said the issues discussed were energy, trade relations and commercial ties between Taiwan and Texas.
China said on Monday it opposed the Cruz-Tsai meeting, and a state-run newspaper warned of “revenge” against Donald Trump should they abandon the One China policy.
“We are firmly opposed to the Taiwan leader's engagement with US officials under the pretext of transit, and their attempt to undermine China-US relations,” the foreign ministry spokesperson Lu Kang told a regular briefing.
They urged the US to abide by the One China policy and “prudently handle” Taiwan-related issues.
The Global Times newspaper said Beijing was “fully prepared” to break ties with the US should Trump abandon the policy.
“If Trump reneges on the One China policy after taking office, the Chinese people will demand the government to take revenge. There is no room for bargaining,” said the paper, which often takes a nationalistic tone.
US politicians often meet Taiwanese presidents when they pass through the US, despite tensions between federal officials. Tsai incurred Beijing's anger over their refusal to endorse its policy that mainland China and Taiwan constitute a single nation.
Barack Obama says Donald Trump may have 'enough craziness' to be president Read more
Beijing lodged a complaint with the US over Trump's call with Tsai, the first between American and Taiwanese leaders since ties were cut in 1979 at China's request. Barack Obama's White House reassured China, but Trump continued to threaten exacerbating tensions with Beijing.
Not long after their 10-minute conversation with Tsai, the president-elect railed against China on Twitter.
They wrote: “Did China ask us if it was OK to devalue their currency (making it hard for our companies to compete), heavily tax our products going into their country (the US doesn't tax them) or to build a massive military complex in the middle of the South China Sea? I don't think so!”
They then accused China of stealing an underwater drone that it seized in contested waters, calling it an “unpresidented [sic] act”.
“We should tell China that we don't want the drone they stole back,” they wrote. “Let them keep it!”
A San Francisco man was sentenced to nine years in prison for killing an elderly man with a single punch, District Attorney George Gascón announced Friday. A San Francisco man was sentenced to nine years in prison for killing an elderly man with a single punch, District Attorney George Gascón announced Friday. Photo: Contributed Photo Photo: Contributed Photo Image 1 of / 43 Caption Close SF man sentenced to 9 years for punching death on downtown street corner 1 / 43 Back to Gallery
A San Francisco man was sentenced to nine years in prison for killing an elderly man with a single punch, District Attorney George Gascón announced Friday.
Collin White, 40, was convicted in September of involuntary manslaughter as well as three additional felonies counts related to the attack and death of Stuart Jackson, 74.
“There are no words to make sense of this dreadful act,” Gascón said. “Unprovoked acts of violence against the elderly in our city are attacks on our community and have to be punished proportionately.”
Now Playing:
Gascón had sought the maximum penalty of 11 years on prison.
White attacked Jackson for no apparent reason while they were at a bus stop at Van Ness Avenue and Market Street about 2 p.m. on Dec. 5, 2015.
White struck the victim on the head with a single punch, knocking them unconscious and unable to catch themselves as they fell and then hit their head.
White fled and was captured on nearby surveillance cameras. They were arrested on Jan. 7, 2016 at their home. They were also charged and convicted of assault with force and infliction of injury on an elderly adult, each likely to cause serious bodily injury as well as battery with serious bodily injury, with an enhancement for causing Jackson's death.
Jackson, who liked to sketch in bars and coffee shops, was transported to San Francisco General Hospital after the assault and died just over a week later.
“Collin White assaulted an elderly man on the streets of San Francisco for no apparent reason,” said Assistant District Attorney Julia Cervantes. “That act resulted in Mr. Jackson's death. My heart goes out to their family and friends. I hope that they can find some comfort in knowing that our streets are safer after today's outcome.”
Jill Tucker is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: jtucker@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @jilltucker
Electronic Pet Fence Products The Contain-A-Pet pet fence system which includes the transmitter (wall unit) and the electronic collar (electronic box attached to the collar) is basically a mini computer. - Read More Dog Training and Dog Behavior Because we are always here to guide you with solutions to everyday situations. After all, we are not just a "Dog Fence Company" ... We are "Pet Professionals" - Read More
Dog Fence and Training Blog Be sure to take a look at what we call "Our Dog Blog". There you will find some very useful information that covers everything from training your dog to Contain A Pet Fence User help. - Read More Frequently Asked Questions Visit our Frequently Asked Questions page for the most commonly asked questions by people looking to purchase an electronic pet fence for their pets. If the answer question is not there, call or email us! - Read More
This is Peter Hitchens's Mail on Sunday column
Once again, as a patriotic Englishman from a Naval family, I stand amazed to find myself so lonely in my doubts about a foolish war.
I am no pacifist. I supported the retaking of the Falklands, national territory illegally seized by foreign invaders. I was thrilled to see that the Royal Navy could still do the hard tasks for which it is paid too little. Could it now?
Yet, on the basis of an emotional spasm and a speech that was illogical and factually weak, we are rushing towards yet another swamp, from which we will struggle to extract ourselves and where we can do no conceivable good.
Heaven forbid that it will lead (as other such adventures have) to more melancholy processions, bearing flag-wrapped coffins, from RAF Brize Norton; or to quieter convoys, carrying terribly injured men to special hospitals. Why must good, brave, dutiful men and women die or be maimed for life because our politicians are vain and ignorant?
But there is no knowing the end of this, especially given the Prime Minister's absurd belief that we have 70,000 ‘moderate' allies just waiting to help us in Syria. Among these scattered ‘moderates' are those who last week murdered a Russian pilot as they parachuted to earth, and mauled their corpse.
When this phantom army turns out to be non-existent, or hostile, how long will it take Mr Cameron to return to the House of Commons, pleading oh-so-reasonably for ground troops to follow?
It is all such rubbish. I have yet to see conclusive evidence that the Paris murders were organised by or in Islamic State. France has plenty of home-grown hatred and (despite strict gun laws) is awash with illegal Kalashnikovs and ammunition.
Nor can I see why bombing Raqqa will defend us or anyone against such murders.
France's President Hollande, a failed politician in bad domestic trouble, mired their own country in Syria months ago. I can't see what good reason we have to follow them there. It will not help to bind up the wounds of the people of France.
Only three weeks back, the House of Commons Foreign Affairs Committee advised, in a carefully argued report, that intervention in Syria is not a good idea. The pathetic cave-in of that committee's chairperson, Crispin Blunt, who now supports Mr Cameron's latest war, merely makes Mr Blunt look irrational, weak-minded and easily led.
The UN Security Council resolution (of which Mr Cameron makes so much) actually offers no legal basis for military action. Nor does it cite Chapter 7 of the UN Charter, which authorises the use of force.
David Cameron is already suffering from galloping Churchill syndrome (the patient growls, denounces their critics as appeasers, and starts wars). Now they seem to have contracted Blair's disorder, an irresistible desire to pose alongside military hardware. On Monday they managed to have their portrait taken next to a very macho-looking Typhoon fighter jet at Northolt RAF base on their way back from Paris. Odd, that. Typhoons are not normally stationed at Northolt, and I haven't been able to get a coherent explanation of what military reason it had to be there, so convenient for a photo-opportunity.
The Prime Minister might have been better employed looking up Syria on a map, reading the relevant documents, or consulting with our former ambassador to Syria, Peter Ford – who energetically opposes what they denounce as ‘recreational bombing'.
In all these modern wars real experts are impatiently pushed aside, while flatterers and yes-men take over. But it's not decided yet. There's still just time to write to your MP, if you agree with me that this is folly. I beg you to do so.
Reaping a feminist whirlwind
On Thursday night I witnessed the ugliness of the new student intolerance at the Oxford Union, where I was taking part in a debate on marriage (I was in favour). I had never before seen burly security men stationed around the hall, or had to watch as screeching hecklers – having ignored pleas to put questions in a civilised way – were hauled from the room.
It was Germaine Greer they were mainly after (though they handed out leaflets at the gate slandering me, too). I like Germaine, as it happens, and think they are often a lot more sensible than people think they are. But do they ever wonder if the militant feminism they launched has some responsibility for the new generation of self-righteous would-be censors who would rather silence an opponent than listen to her?
****
I travel a lot by train, and have begun to notice that the ride is getting much rougher. On a recent journey from London to Edinburgh I had to move seats because I was over the wheels and being jolted about so much. It reminded me of the Mandalay-Rangoon express (though in its grimy way that's more comfortable than Virgin).
The worrying thing is that I noticed a similar worsening in the track at the end of the 1990s, just before a terrible series of crashes caused by track failure. Is Network Rail maintaining our lines properly?
****
The turmoil of the past two weeks has buried two pieces of bad news which the Government really doesn't want you to know.
The first was Thursday's record net immigration figures, showing that Mr Cameron has completely lost control of our borders.
The other was a huge and unexpected increase in Government borrowing in October, when it was supposed to have fallen. This passed almost entirely unnoticed.
No wonder the Chancellor seems to have put the economy in the hands of Doctor Who. The mythical £27 billion that they miraculously discovered in time for their Autumn Statement is even more non-existent than the Prime Minister's imaginary army of 70,000 Syrian moderates.
Doctor Who will be needed to get hold of this money, since it does not yet exist, and is to be found (if at all) only in the future, and then in small annual dribs and drabs.
If George Osborne were a company, they would be heading for bankruptcy. As it is, I confidently predict very severe tax rises within three years. Perhaps Doctor Who will by then have replaced Mr Osborne at No 11 and will be able to escape the voters' wrath in their Tardis.
*******
All the four main unpopular newspapers had virtually the same page one headline on Friday morning: The Times': ‘Labour at war over vote to bomb Isis', The Telegraph: ‘Labour at war over Syria air strikes'; ‘The Guardian: ‘Labour in Syria Turmoil as PM makes the case for war'; ‘The Independent' : ‘Labour at war over air strikes in Syria'. The BBC's headlines were very similar.
None of these stories contained any clear facts, just anonymous briefings. If it had been a plane crash, or a verdict in a major court case, this sort of unanimity in supposedly competing media would have been normal. But in this case it looks much more as if we have a controlled press.
(This last item was accidentally omitted when the column was first posted)
If you want to comment on Peter Hitchens, click on Comments and scroll down
Axsis / Cambridge Consultants
See what it can do. A new surgical robot can make the micro-scale movements needed for a particularly delicate procedure: cataract surgery.
Axsis, a system developed by Cambridge Consultants, is a small, teleoperated robot with two arms tipped with tiny pincers. It's designed to operate on the eye with greater accuracy than a human.
Globally, 20 million people have cataract surgery every year, making it one of the most common surgeries in the world. Although complications are very rare, they still affect tens of thousands of people.
Advertisement
Cataracts happen when the natural lens of the eye gets cloudy and obscures vision. To restore a person's sight, a surgeon cuts a small hole in the lens, scoops out the bit that's gone cloudy, and replaces it with what's essentially a permanent plastic contact lens.
Axsis / Cambridge Consultants
The whole thing requires a steady hand, and the most common complication arises when a surgeon accidentally pierces the back of the lens, a thin membrane that is only a few millimetres off target, causing hazy vision.
Axsis aims to prevent this kind of human error. The device's articulating pincers are mounted on arms about the size of drinks cans, with extremely light, strong “tendons” made of the same material NASA uses for its solar sails. These pincers can sweep across a 10-millimetre space – the size of the lens of the eye. This is just a demonstrations model; in the final product, the pincers will be replaced with scalpels.
Robo halo
To control the robot, the surgeon sits at a station nearby and uses two 3D haptic joysticks to move the pincers while watching their work on a screen. The image on the screen is enlarged, so the surgeon can make more precise movements, with the pincers operating at a tiny scale not possible with the human hand.
One benefit of the system is that the software disables certain boundaries from being breached. “It won't let you make the mistake of punching through the back of the lens,” says Chris Wagner, the lead roboticist on the project.
Axsis / Cambridge Consultants
We already use surgical robots, such as the Da Vinci system, for some other operations. But these robots are usually quite large, often completely enveloping the patient and using long, telescoping instruments.
“The attachments need to do huge sweeps outside the body to do minute movements inside the patient,” says Wagner. Axsis is scaled down to a small halo around the head. In part thanks to its smaller size, the system will be cheaper than other robotic surgery techniques.
And while other robots have been designed to work at small scales – even on eyes – they have not done cataract surgery. Trials of a robotic system developed by Dutch firm Preceyes Medical Robotics are ongoing at Oxford's John Radcliffe Hospital and focus on the retina, rather than the lens.
First eyes, then guts
Ian Murdoch, an ophthalmologist at University College London, says they are interested in the idea that Axsis prevents piercing the back of the lens. “This happens in about 0.1 to 0.7 per cent of cases,” they say. “If the complication rate is less than this would obviously be great.”
However, Murdoch wonders if Axsis really offers much advantage over existing advanced cataract surgery techniques, such as laser cataract surgery.
Axsis / Cambridge Consultants
Peter Kim, a surgeon at the Children's National Health System in Washington DC who is working on a larger, autonomous surgical robot, says that microsurgical robots are already used in some clinical settings, such as the NeuroArm robot used in brain surgery. “I applaud the miniaturisation, but I am not clear on the unmet need and value proposition,” they say.
But Axsis's creators say that cataract surgery is just the start. “I think it will quickly find more applications,” says Wagner. It could, for example, be used in gastrointestinal operations. Put the pincer end of Axsis on an endoscope and it could solve any small problems – like removing polyps – then and there. “Nowadays, when you find something in the colon or in the stomach, you leave it there,” says Wagner.
Wagner hopes the robot could one day enable operations surgeons can only dream of. “We just want to push forward what's possible.”
Read more: Good looking: Super lens implants are going mainstream
The computers that control self-driving cars are gaining valuable knowledge about the real world in some surprising ways—including browsing online maps and playing video games.
Researchers at Princeton University recently developed a computer vision and mapping system that gathered useful information about the physical properties of roads by studying Google Street View and comparing the scenes to the information provided in open-source mapping data. This allowed it to, for example, learn where the edges of an intersection should be based on images captured by Google's mapping cars.
In separate work revealed Wednesday, researchers at OpenAI, a nonprofit focused on fundamental AI research, created a way to have software agents learn driving strategy by experimenting in the video game Grand Theft Auto V, through a platform known as Universe. Some video games are now so visually realistic that they can let a computer vision learn about the real world (see “Self-Driving Cars Can Learn a Lot by Playing Grand Theft Auto”).
New approaches to training self-driving cars may help democratize the technology, and make it more reliable. Self-driving cars were everywhere at this year's Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas, and the technology is front at center at the North American Auto Show in Detroit, which started this week. But not everyone has the resources of Ford, Google, or Uber, and automated vehicles still struggle in many situations (see “What to Know Before You Get in a Self-Driving Car”). So some researchers are coming up with creative ways to gather the data and train driving systems. There are even efforts to open source the technology required for automated driving.
The Princeton researchers mined Google Street View and OpenStreetMap for their data. Road features in Google Street View images are sometimes occluded by a vehicle, someone crossing the road, or something else, so the system had to learn to recognize, and then discard, such artifacts. The researchers tested their system on new images and found that it could discern road features fairly accurately. They say it could offer a way to bootstrap a self-driving system with some of the basic knowledge required to navigate ordinary roads. The researchers trained their system using 150,000 Street View panoramas.
Its accuracy should improve as the training data set grows, says Ari Seff, a graduate student at Princeton who developed the system with Jianxiong Xiao, a professor who recently left the university to found an automotive startup called AutoX.ai.
“The manual creation of high-definition 3-D maps for autonomous driving is tedious and expensive,” says John Leonard, a professor at MIT's CSAIL, who specializes in mapping and automated driving. “If this process can be automated using deep networks that operate on large public databases, this would be a big win for self-driving technology.”
The approach also offers a way to train a system to recognize situations that a real self-driving car may only encounter rarely, like a very complex intersection. “These models could potentially be used as part of a backup system in autonomous vehicles, corroborating the information provided by pre-scanned 3-D maps. However, we have not yet tested this in a real vehicle,” Seff says.
The researchers also suggest that their system could provide a warning about road infrastructure—for example, if the system concludes that a street looks as if it is one-way when it isn't, then the signage may need to be updated. The limitations are that the system cannot identify objects that aren't identified in a map, like pedestrians or other vehicles, and it isn't accurate enough to localize a car very precisely.
“Learning this from Google Street View is a good idea,” says Craig Quiter, an engineer at Otto, a company that makes self-driving trucks and which was acquired by Uber last year. “The outputs don't contain enough to drive a car with, but definitely are helpful along with other perception as input to a planner.”
Quiter developed the Grand Theft Auto V while working as a contractor for OpenAI last year. The game can train software to recognize elements of the real world.
“GTA V gives researchers access to a rich, diverse world for testing and developing AI,” Quiter writes in a blog post published by OpenAI. “Its island setting is almost one-fifth the size of Los Angeles, giving access to a broad range of scenarios to test systems. Add to that the 257 different vehicles, seven types of bicycles, and 14 weather types, and it's possible to explore a huge number of permutations using a single simulator.”
Through Universe, an agent can also develop a driving strategy by experimenting within the game and refining its own behavior as it achieves certain goals, an approach known as reinforcement learning (see “A New Tool Lets AI Learn to Do Almost Anything on a Computer”).
Quiter added in an e-mail that by releasing the technology required for automated driving, researchers and companies can democratize it. “I think it just got way easier to test self-driving car AI,” they say.
The proposal “RegExp Named Capture Groups” by Gorkem Yakin, Daniel Ehrenberg is at stage 4. This blog post explains what it has to offer.
Before we get to named capture groups, let's take a look at numbered capture groups; to introduce the idea of capture groups.
Numbered capture groups #
Numbered capture groups enable you to take apart a string with a regular expression.
Successfully matching a regular expression against a string returns a match object matchObj . Putting a fragment of the regular expression in parentheses turns that fragment into a capture group: the part of the string that it matches is stored in matchObj .
Prior to this proposal, all capture groups were accessed by number: the capture group starting with the first parenthesis via matchObj[1] , the capture group starting with the second parenthesis via matchObj[2] , etc.
For example, the following code shows how numbered capture groups are used to extract year, month and day from a date in ISO format:
const RE_DATE = /([0-9]{4})-([0-9]{2})-([0-9]{2})/ ; const matchObj = RE_DATE.exec( '1999-12-31' ); const year = matchObj[ 1 ]; const month = matchObj[ 2 ]; const day = matchObj[ 3 ];
Referring to capture groups via numbers has several disadvantages:
Finding the number of a capture group is a hassle: you have to count parentheses. You need to see the regular expression if you want to understand what the groups are for. If you change the order of the capture groups, you also have to change the matching code.
All issues can be somewhat mitigated by defining constants for the numbers of the capture groups. However, capture groups are an all-around superior solution.
Named capture groups #
The proposed feature is about identifying capture groups via names:
(?<year>[0-9]{4})
Here we have tagged the previous capture group #1 with the name year . The name must be a legal JavaScript identifier (think variable name or property name). After matching, you can access the captured string via matchObj.groups.year .
The captured strings are not properties of matchObj , because you don't want them to clash with current or future properties created by the regular expression API.
Let's rewrite the previous code so that it uses named capture groups:
const RE_DATE = /(?<year>[0-9]{4})-(?<month>[0-9]{2})-(?<day>[0-9]{2})/ ; const matchObj = RE_DATE.exec( '1999-12-31' ); const year = matchObj.groups.year; const month = matchObj.groups.month; const day = matchObj.groups.day;
Named capture groups also create indexed entries; as if they were numbered capture groups:
const year2 = matchObj[ 1 ]; const month2 = matchObj[ 2 ]; const day2 = matchObj[ 3 ];
Destructuring can help with getting data out of the match object:
const { groups : {day, year}} = RE_DATE.exec( '1999-12-31' ); console .log(year); console .log(day);
Named capture groups have the following benefits:
It's easier to find the “ID” of a capture group.
The matching code becomes self-descriptive, as the ID of a capture group describes what is being captured.
You don't have to change the matching code if you change the order of the capture groups.
The names of the capture groups also make the regular expression easier to understand, as you can see directly what each group is for.
You can freely mix numbered and named capture groups.
\k<name> in a regular expression means: match the string that was previously matched by the named capture group name . For example:
const RE_TWICE = /^(?<word>[a-z]+)!\k<word>$/ ; RE_TWICE.test( 'abc!abc' ); RE_TWICE.test( 'abc!ab' );
The backreference syntax for numbered capture groups works for named capture groups, too:
const RE_TWICE = /^(?<word>[a-z]+)!\1$/ ; RE_TWICE.test( 'abc!abc' ); RE_TWICE.test( 'abc!ab' );
You can freely mix both syntaxes:
const RE_TWICE = /^(?<word>[a-z]+)!\k<word>!\1$/ ; RE_TWICE.test( 'abc!abc!abc' ); RE_TWICE.test( 'abc!abc!ab' );
replace() and named capture groups #
The string method replace() supports named capture groups in two ways.
First, you can mention their names in the replacement string:
const RE_DATE = /(?<year>[0-9]{4})-(?<month>[0-9]{2})-(?<day>[0-9]{2})/ ; console .log( '1999-12-31' .replace(RE_DATE, '$<month>/$<day>/$<year>' ));
Second, each replacement function receives an additional parameter that holds an object with data captured via named groups. For example (line A):
const RE_DATE = /(?<year>[0-9]{4})-(?<month>[0-9]{2})-(?<day>[0-9]{2})/ ; console .log( '1999-12-31' .replace( RE_DATE, (g0,y,m,d,offset,input, {year, month, day}) => month+ '/' +day+ '/' +year));
These are the parameters of the callback in line A:
g0 contains the whole matched substring, '1999-12-31'
contains the whole matched substring, y , m , d are matches for the numbered groups 1–3 (which are created via the named groups year , month , day ).
, , are matches for the numbered groups 1–3 (which are created via the named groups , , ). offset specifies where the match was found.
specifies where the match was found. input contains the complete input string.
contains the complete input string. The last parameter is new and contains one property for each of the three named capture groups year , month and day . We use destructuring to access those properties.
The following code shows another way of accessing the last argument:
console .log( '1999-12-31' .replace(RE_DATE, (...args) => { const {year, month, day} = args[args.length -1 ]; return month+ '/' +day+ '/' +year; }));
We receive all arguments via the rest parameter args . The last element of the Array args is the object with the data from the named groups. We access it via the index args.length-1 .
Named groups that don't match #
If an optional named group does not match, its property is set to undefined (but still exists):
const RE_OPT_A = /^(?<as>a+)?$/ ; const matchObj = RE_OPT_A.exec( '' ); console .log(matchObj[ 0 ] === '' ); console .log(matchObj.groups.as === undefined ); console .log( 'as' in matchObj.groups);
The Babel plugin transform-modern-regexp by Dmitry Soshnikov supports named capture groups.
by Dmitry Soshnikov supports named capture groups. V8 6.0+ has support behind a flag.
The relevant V8 is not yet in Node.js (7.10.0). You can check via:
node -p process.versions.v8
In Chrome Canary (60.0+), you can enable named capture groups as follows. First, look up the path of the Chrome Canary binary via the about: URL. Then start Canary like this (you only need the double quotes if the path contains a space):
$ alias canary='"/tmp/Google Chrome Canary.app/Contents/MacOS/Google Chrome Canary"' $ canary --js-flags='--harmony-regexp-named-captures'
Further reading #
The singer says writing sessions with the Blur frontman failed to produce a single song and were a case of ‘don't meet your idols'
Adele has said they “regrets” working with Damon Albarn, after the pair had attempted to collaborate on their forthcoming album, 25.
Albarn revealed that the pair had been working together back in September but that the sessions had not been a success. They said at the time: “Adele asked me to work with them and I took the time out for her... Will they use any of the stuff? I don't think so.”
Albarn added that the record would sound “middle of the road” and added: “The thing is, she's very insecure. And they don't need to be, she's still so young”.
When asked about the sessions, Adele told Rolling Stone: “It ended up being one of those ‘don't meet your idol' moments. The saddest thing was that I was such a big Blur fan growing up. But it was sad, and I regret hanging out with him.”
The singer added that the pair didn't finish a single song while working together: “None of it was right. None of it suited my record.”
Damon Albarn suggests new Adele album is 'very middle of the road' Read more
They took particular issue with their description of them as “insecure”, claiming that they were simply asking them advice about surviving in the music industry after parenthood. They said: “I'm the least-insecure person I know. I was asking their opinion about my fears, about coming back with a child involved – because they have a child – and then they call me insecure?”
Earlier this week, Adele made chart history when their comeback single Hello became the first song to be downloaded one million times in a week in the US. 25 will be released on 20 November.
Video: Capgemini: AI is already creating jobs and boosting business
There's much concern about the potential impact of artificial intelligence (AI) on jobs and the economy. And while it's difficult to know for certain which types of jobs will likely be eliminated by AI, one thing is for sure: the technology will have a profound affect on a range of skills.
"It's not easy to predict far into the future, but it is easier to indicate what AI technologies have advanced at an unusually rapid pace over the past five years," said Tom Mitchell, professor of machine learning at Carnegie Mellon University School of Computer Science.
These include computer vision, which has improved in terms of error rates in recent years; speech, which has been enhanced to the point where both Microsoft and IBM have claimed that they've reached human-level speech-to-text performance on the standard "switchboard" data set; analytical skills, evidenced by the ability to defeat top humans at games like Go and poker; and mobile robotics, including the advancements in drones and self-driving cars.
Machine learning is the underlying technology that has effectively caused each of these advances, Mitchell said.
"The shift from human programming to instead training a program from data has resulted in higher-performing AI systems across many tasks," Mitchell said. "For example, even though you can easily recognize your mother in a photograph, nobody has ever succeeded in writing down an algorithm to do that -- we know more than we can articulate. But today it is rather straightforward to train a machine learning algorithm to recognize your mother by providing training examples, photos where you label your mother and others where you indicate your mother is not present."
What types of jobs will be most impacted by AI and machine learning? The potential is there to affect any jobs that require the skills that the technologies have acquired in recent years. "Any task performed online where the inputs and outputs of a human decision are captured, is a task amenable to applying machine learning," Mitchell said.
For example, routine workflows performed online, such as approving vacation requests or travel reimbursements, also generate as a byproduct the training data needed by a machine learning algorithm to learn how to perform that task.
Read also: Match Group's Tinder emerges as cash cow courtesy of data science, dynamic pricing, paying off tech debt | Salesforce updates Einstein AI platform with custom analytics and chatbots
Most jobs involve multiple tasks though, and often machines might be able to assist in only some of those tasks, Mitchell said. "Furthermore, a big unknown is whether computers will replace or instead augment workers," they say. "Will they replace radiologists, or just advise them to make them better performers?"
New business models enabled by AI are already creating new types of businesses and jobs, Mitchell said. "For example, Uber relies heavily on AI algorithms to schedule where their drivers should be placed, to minimize the wait times of passengers while keeping all the drivers busy," they said.
This efficiency, together with the advent of ubiquitous wireless communication, has enabled Uber to create a new kind of business that employs many people. "The gig economy -- part time, just in time, opt-in employment -- is a growing phenomenon enabled by [IT] and increasingly by AI," Mitchell said.
Previous and related coverage
Kakao AI speaker begins official sales
South Korean chat giant Kakao has launched its AI speaker, Kakao Mini, after months of teases.
Storage will continue to play a role in the advancement of AI: Pure Storage
Advancements in storage have contributed to the progression of AI, even though it's still early days.
Searching for the elusive Holy Grail of CSS layouts has lead to many clever solutions, but never has there been a single solution that doesn't involve hacks or drawbacks. Tables, divs with table-property displays, and absolutely positioned divs are some of the ways we've accomplished the Holy Grail layout in the past. With the introduction of Flexbox though, we can end our search for the Holy Grail of web layouts. With the power of CSS3, the once highly sought after solution has been found.
The Flexible Box Layout Module, more commonly known as Flexbox, confronts many layout issues head-on, including the Holy Grail layout. So just what is the Holy Grail layout?
The Holy Grail layout is simply a multiple (usually 3) column layout with fixed widths for the first and last columns and a fluid width for the center column. Setting explicit widths on the outer columns is what makes the layout tricky, because we can't calculate the width of the center column (well, technically we can use the CSS calc property, but we'll save that for later). If we just used percentages for the outer columns, we could easily achieve a fluid layout. But we're after the Holy Grail, remember?
Ending the Holy Grail search
To start off with, we have to set the display property to flex on a containing element. Just like we have blocked , inline and inline-block values for the display property, we now have flex . For the sake of a simple example, we'll just use the body as our only containing element.
1 2 3 4 5 body { display : flex ; }
This now sets us up to start using the different Flexbox properties. There are about 13 different properties available that you can check out in full in the W3C spec, but all we need for our layout is the flex property.
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 <nav> </nav> <section> </section> <aside> </aside>
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 html, body { width : 100% ; height : 100% ; margin : 0 ; } body { display : flex ; } nav, aside { flex : 0 0 12em ; }
That's it! With that simple bit of code we have a left navigation sidebar, a middle content section and a right sidebar. The nav and aside elements each have a width of 12e m and the section element has a fluid width that flexes between the nav and aside . Notice we didn't even need to set any properties on the section element.
So what's behind the flex values?
It's easy enough to see how this works, but WHY is it working? Why is the section flexing its width between the nav and aside elements? Well, the flex property is actually shorthand for flex-grow , flex-shrink and flex-basis .
So this:
1 2 3 flex : 0 0 12em ;
Is shorthand for this:
1 2 3 4 5 flex-grow : 0 ; flex-shrink : 0 ; flex-basis : 12em ;
Setting flex-grow and flex-shrink to 0 prevents the elements from, you guessed it, growing and shrinking. And setting flex-basis to 12em defines the width .
We're still a ways away from being able to rely on Flexbox in a wide variety of browsers. The syntax has changed several times since it first came out, so to get support in IE10 and other older browsers, we have to use some different vendor prefixes.
1 2 3 4 5 6 display : -moz-box ; /* OLD: Firefox (buggy) <em>/ display: -ms-flexbox; /</em> MID: IE 10 <em>/ display: -webkit-flex; /</em> New: Chrome 21+ <em>/ display: flex; /</em> NEW: Opera 12.1, Firefox 22+ */
None of the properties work in IE9 and below and Safari and Firefox have varying levels of support. Our example above, for instance, renders a 3 row layout in Safari 6. However, we can always provide float and width fallbacks for older browsers.
If you saw a mom with their child angrily yelling at a stranger on a bus or subway, what would you do? That's what we wondered as we watched the horrible video below of a particularly angry mom getting into a fist fight with another woman who they claim was "disrespecting their baby." As for their child—well, they threw the toddler out of the way into the arms of someone else on the bus. It's not like they let the kid's stroller roll out of a train or anything.
The video was reportedly filmed aboard a bus in Connecticut (although tipsters who sent it to us said it was somewhere in New York). The original YouTube upload of it has since been deleted (LiveLeak has picked it up), but one Redditor preserved this comment from Tareka281: "That's my bitch/home girl Fuck everybodys negative comments they shouldnt have thrown the baby but they deserved to get in that girl ass lmao don't talk about nobodys child bitch﻿."
Today the Television Critics Association gathered to hear pitches from various networks on their upcoming shows including a panel for Star Trek: Discovery for CBS All Access. We are currently working on a report about the event. But in the meantime we can share 11 new character posters that CBS released to coincide with the TCA event.
UPDATE: the @startreknetflix account has posted versions of these posters with additional brief text character descriptions. Those have been added in “quotes” below.
Klingon Character Posters – Including New Character
Newly announced character: Voq (unknown actor) – “Touched by fate and fire.  They are Voq”
T'Kuvma (Chris Obi) – “The ruthless unifier”
L'Rell (Mary Chieffo) – “Battle Deck Commander of the Klingons, L'Rell.”
Federation/Starfleet Character Posters
Michael Burnham (Sonequa Martin-Green) – “The first officer”
Captain Phillipa Georgiou (Michelle Yeoh) – “The Leader”
Captain Gabriel Lorca (Jason Isaacs) – “Captain of the USS Discovery”
Lt. Saru (Doug Jones) – “The Kelpian”
Lt. Paul Stamets (Anthony Rapp) – “The brilliant science officer”
Lt. Ash Tyler (Shazad Latif) – “The Soldier”
Cadet Tilly (Mary Wiseman) – “The loyal cadet”
Sarek (James Frain) – “The Vulcan ambassador”
Stay tuned to TrekMovie for a report on news from the TCA Star Trek: Discovery panel.
They have a demonstrated commitment to the well-being of all Americans, while they are a bigot who has manipulated their followers' fear of anyone who is not white and Christian.
 They are better educated, more experienced, more thoughtful, wiser, and more knowledgeable than Trump.
 They are far better qualified for the presidency than Donald Trump, who is completely unfit for the position.
Let me count the reasons why I will do whatever I can to support Hillary Clinton.
But I feel more strongly than ever that Donald Trump is a menace to our nation and to the world. They will do anything and say anything to spew hatred of Hillary Clinton and distrust for our democracy and its electoral process. They said a few days ago that the election should be canceled and they should be anointed president.
Well, I won't be voting twice, because it is against the law.
A Trump supporter in Iowa was arrested for voting twice. They were caught breaking the law. They said they were convinced that the election was “rigged,” as their candidate has said scores of times, so they thought they should vote twice.
This announcement was contrary to the Justice Department's longstanding policy of not commenting on ongoing investigations and not interfering in elections within the 60 days prior to the vote. Comey's intervention may influence the outcome of the election, and they surely know it. Let me repeat from their own statement to Congress that
As we all know, James Comey, the director of the FBI, shook up the presidential election by informing Congress that the FBI is looking into additional emails related to its investigation of Hillary Clinton, later reported to have been found on a computer used by their close aide Huma Abedin and their lecherous husband Anthony Wiener. Director Comey said in their brief message that the emails have not been reviewed and may not be significant.
“ I feel more strongly than ever that Donald Trump is a menace to our nation and to the world.
Let me count the reasons that Trump should not be president.
They have stirred bigotry against blacks, Hispanics, Muslims, and women.
By their own admission, they are a sexual predator.
They will appoint Supreme Court justices committed to rolling back Roe v. Wade , civil rights, environmental protection, and any restrictions on campaign finance and on corporate greed.
They have given no evidence that they understand either foreign or domestic policy.
They have given permission to all the hate groups in the nation to crawl out from under their respective rocks and voice their venom against Jews, blacks, Muslims, Hispanics, and anyone they consider “other.” Anyone who expresses criticism of Trump on Twitter receives hundreds or thousands of responses that are anti-Semitic, anti-black, anti-everything but white nationalism.
Trump has unleashed a virulent form of white nationalism that has felt ashamed to show its face – or its hoods – for many years. If you want to know more about the Trump base, The New Yorker about a man who spends full time as a “troll for Trump.” Trump has unleashed a virulent form of white nationalism that has felt ashamed to show its face – or its hoods – for many years. If you want to know more about the Trump base, read this article that appeared inThe New Yorkerabout a man who spends full time as a “troll for Trump.”
To understand their campaign and the white nationalists who are managing it, To understand their campaign and the white nationalists who are managing it, read this article “Inside the Bunker,” which I posted a few days ago.
Donald Trump is ignorant of the government, of democratic processes, of economics, and of any of the issues facing our nation.
Trump lacks the character or temperament to be president.  They are a bully.  They are vengeful.  They are thin-skinned.  They are a braggart.  They are a con man.  They are a liar. They have a documented history of defrauding the same people who are now voting for him, the working people to whom they offer lies and false promises of bringing back jobs that were lost to automation and outsourcing (which they participated in with their own products). And then there is Trump University, which ripped off working people, widows, and pensioners with false promises of riches. They should be selling snake oil, not running for the highest office in the land.
Listening to the radio this morning (CNN), I heard one of their biographers defend them (“The Truth about Trump”), saying that they were a consummate performer. They actually believe in nothing. No, there won't be a wall, and Mexico won't pay for it.  They are running because they want to win the biggest prize of all: the presidency. They aren't interested in being president, just winning. Not to worry, Mike Pence will run the country. Pence is a homophobe who went on national television to defend discrimination against gays but was forced by corporations to back down when they threatened to leave Indiana. Mike Pence, darling of the far right, former talk-show host, is the Rush Limbaugh of Indiana.
James Comey acted inappropriately. They ignored the policies and norms of the Justice Department and the FBI. They announced a new investigation without any facts or evidence or charges; it will be weeks or months before the FBI decides whether there is anything of significance on the laptop shared by Anthony Wiener and Huma Abedin. If Comey helps elect Donald Trump, they should start a new investigation of the fraudulent voting inspired by Trump's phony claims of vote rigging and the fraudulent business practices of President Trump. Will Trump separate themselves from their hotel chain and their golf courses? Will they use their position as president to drum up money for their business empire? Will their children continue to profit from their businesses? They can't put their business empire into a blind trust. Will they pause in affairs of state to open a new hotel, as they did a few days ago, or to launch a new line of clothing?
If this charlatan is elected, our democracy is at risk. Our economy is at risk. Our ideals, our values, and our aspirations for a more perfect union will be endangered by the takeover of the national government by the alt-right, by men like Steve Bannon of Breitbart, Roger Ailes of Fox News, and Rudy Guiliani, the skeletal ex-mayor of New York City who cheers on all of Trump's wildest exaggerations.
Trump says they represent change, and that is true. But Trump's change would mean chaos, incompetence at the highest levels of government, and a revival of the worst racism and bigotry of our lifetimes.
I can only vote for Hillary once, but I will vote for them with renewed enthusiasm.
Creator and star of the new Comedy Central Snapchat series "HEADS WILL ROLL" and fresh off a tour with Funny or Die McQueen Adams has taken their world of impressions, music, and comedy in a fresh and innovative direction, creating a hi-tech audio- visual universe. Their new show "SAN PEDRO" incorporates their improvisational skills with the music of groups such as Daft Punk and Coldplay, voices both real and fictional, including Gandalf, their Mom's Cat and Jason Statham, and plenty of original bizarre inhabitants. Adams is master of this mashup of songs,voices, and sketches that Radiohead's Thom Yorke has called “just brilliant".
Walker Hays
Walker Hays is a comedian, actor and writer. Based in NYC and hailing from Baltimore, MD they now prefer to live as a gypsy and not be in any one city for more than 72 hours. They can be seen at festivals and in clubs around the country from D.C. to Chicago to L.A. and is part of the Underwear Comedy Party tour and the Refried Comedy tour. Walker has performed at the Improv, Laugh Factory, Gotham and can be seen weekly at home favorites Stand Up NY and New York Comedy Club.
When not doing stand up they can be found modeling and onscreen. She's had roles on series for Fox, MTV, NBC, Discovery and just wrapped supporting roles in two pilots and the lead in an indie film. They star in the cult favorite web series "Milgram & The Fastwalkers", a noir soap opera about aliens that's anything but comedic and often requires them to look very unphotogenic.
Traveling, sports (both playing and yelling vigorously at unknowing athletes on TV) and the quest for the perfect martini are a few of their other favorite things to enjoy.  They are rad, ask anyone except people who don't think she's rad.
MarketWatch The median usual weekly earnings of full-time workers is no higher today than it was in 1979.
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) — Here's what's wrong with the American economy in one tweet-sized bite:
The typical American worker is twice as productive as in 1979, but their wages haven't increased one penny after adjusting for inflation.
The makers are producing almost twice as much per hour, but the boss is taking almost all the benefit of that increased productivity. Profits are at record levels, CEO pay is through the roof, but the worker is still getting 1970s wages.
That's the main reason the economy is struggling to grow, and the main reason that millions of Americans are barely scrapping by, living paycheck to paycheck. Our consumer-driven economy is on a starvation diet.
Here are the bare facts:
The usual weekly wages of the median full-time worker (half of workers earn more, half earn less) increased by $4 between December 2012 and December 2013 to $782, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. That's up 1.3% in the past year. The only problem is that prices increased 1.5%.
In real terms, the typical worker slipped further behind.
After adjusting for inflation, median earnings at the end of 2013 were equivalent to $334 in 1982 dollars, no higher than they were in 1999, and just slightly below the $335 that the median worker earned in the summer of 1979.
The median household income has increased slightly — 5% since 1979 — but only because more families are relying on Mom's wages.
An essential part of the American Dream promises that our children will live a better life than we do. That dream is dead, or at least deferred. The typical worker today makes no more than their dad did.
MarketWatch Productivity has nearly doubled since 1979.
At the same time that pay has stagnated, productivity has soared. Output per hour worked is up 94% since 1979. Something that took an hour to make in 1979 now takes just 31 minutes. The improvement is due to greater use of technology, better organization, and increased skills and human capital of the workers.
During the heyday of the American middle class from 1945 to 1979, worker pay generally increased in line with productivity gains. Workers and owners shared the benefits in roughly equal measure. Higher productivity meant workers got a raise without cutting into profits. The pie got larger.
But since 1979, which some mark as a turning point in our economic history, the owners and managers have reaped almost all of the benefits of higher productivity.
Labor's share of the pie has shrunk from about 62% of business output to just 57% today, near a record low. And that number really overstates what workers receive, because “labor” includes the compensation (including stock options) of top managers, which has soared in the decades since the 1970s even as pay has stagnated on the shop and office floors.
If labor's share had remained constant, workers would be getting about $400 billion more per year in compensation. If that were split evenly among all 150 million workers, it would total about $2,700 more for each worker. And almost all of that money would be spent on goods and services produced by other workers.
A significant portion of our unemployment problem could be fixed if workers were getting —and spending — a larger share of our national output.
MarketWatch Profit margins are much higher than normal.
Who's getting the share that used to go to labor? Mostly the owners. Profits from domestic operations have more than doubled in inflation-adjusted terms since the late 1970s even as median wages are flat. Profit margins in nonfinancial companies have risen to nearly 15% of gross valued added, about 4 percentage points higher than average.
Unfortunately, those profits aren't being reinvested in the economy; they are sitting idle.
The top managers are also getting a much larger share of the pie. According to an analysis by Josh Bivens and Larry Mishel of data from the Congressional Budget Office and from Thomas Piketty and Emmanuel Saez, the income of the top 0.01% of earners (the top 1 in 10,000) has increased at a 6% annual rate since 1979 (compared with a 1% increase for the bottom 90%.)
The top 0.01% of earners are overwhelmingly corporate managers, top executives in finance, corporate lawyers and investors. This group makes an average of about $16 million a year, or about $300,000 per week.
This imbalance between the ultra-rich and everyone else would be fine if it were fair, if winners were really rewarded for excellence, and losers really lost, but that's not the way business works. CEO pay isn't based on excellence, but on rent-seeking behavior that increases their pay far above what is economically justified.
In a you-scratch-my-back, I'll-scratch-yours arrangement, CEO essentially set their own pay, and their pay determines how much other top executives will be paid. The pay for CEOs who run successful companies is no higher than the pay of mediocre CEOs. U.S. CEOs get paid far more than their counterparts in other countries, but don't perform any better.
For instance, J.P. Morgan JPM, -0.76% CEO Jamie Dimon will get paid $20 million for 2013 (a 74% raise) despite heading a company that had to pay $20 billion in fines for its bad behavior.
Income inequality might also be justified if everyone had an equal opportunity to be rich, but we know they don't. How much money you make is influenced a lot by how much your parents made, and by how much their parents made. To a large extent, the rich merely won a lottery at birth. They were born on third base and go through life thinking they hit a triple, in Barry Switzer's immortal phrase.
A study published just this week shows that economic mobility is not getting worse in the United States, as many people have assumed. But mobility — the ability to move up or down depending upon individual ability and effort — is far too low. Even stagnant European countries give their poor and working-class youth far greater opportunities to rise above than we do.
We're going to hear a lot more about income inequality in the coming weeks, as Barack Obama reportedly plans to make it a centerpiece of their State of the Union speech. Amid all of the political posturing over the issue, keep one thing in mind: A majority of those who are living in the Land of Opportunity are struggling just to keep from falling further behind.
More from MarketWatch:
Why the billionaires of Davos must tackle inequality
Low wages are stalling America's economy
Fixing economic inequality from the bottom up
For a lot of producers, the creative process relies heavily on inspiration from other artists. Watching well-known producers in action is a great learning experience – especially when they experiment with new gear and techniques. We've collected some of the best videos of producers showing their creative processes, explaining studio techniques, and discussing music culture. If you've got a production-related New Year's resolution, you'll find something to inspire you in our selection inside.
Beat This: Swindle (18 minutes)
Don't Watch That TV hosts the wonderful Just Jam live DJ series, but they've also got a separate producer-oriented series called Beat This. Producers are challenged to create a track in just 10 minutes in their studio. With 15 videos in this against-the-clock series it's well worth a watch – we've embedded the full playlist below starting with a slick production from London-based producer Swindle:
Sadowick: How Daft Punk Made “One More Time” (7 minutes)
Sadowick is well-known in the production circuit for their YouTube tutorials on Ableton, showing how to recreate various genres, sounds, and songs in a pretty easy-to-follow format. Recently he's blown up as a result of this video demonstrating how Daft Punk sampled Eddie Johns' “Spell On You” to create the hook for “One More Time”.
In The Studio With Four Tet (42 minutes)
Future Music's In The Studio series does a great job of sitting a producer down at their desk and asking them to break down how they made one of their tracks. One of our favorites is Four Tet discussing the processes they use to create the tracks Sing and Love Cry. Be sure to watch to 38:20, when they share how they make their signature “flutter” effect.
In The Studio With Thomas Gold (48 minutes)
Probably one of the best Future Music “In The Studio” episodes is this one, which features Thomas Gold showing how they construct the drums for their track “The Button”. Be sure to watch part two, which shows them processing and mixing the vocals for a remix of Delerium's “Silence”.
Reverb 101: Drum Environments (2 minutes)
This short clip is probably the best way to explain what different types of environments can do to the sounds that instruments product. There's no additional reverb added in post – just one drummer being recorded in a field, in a garage, in a basement, etc:
Mumdance Live On TR-909 (7 minutes)
The Roland TR-909 drum machine is a classic piece of studio kit originally released in 1983. But to see a contemporary skilled producer like Mumdance explain how the machine works and do a live performance on one is a real treat:
Machinedrum and Lando on Ableton Push (10 minutes)
Moving to a much more modern piece of studio gear, this video from Ableton is a pretty solid demonstration of the Push workflow by Maschinedrum and Lando – building a complete track from the ground up.
EOTO: Live Performances Explained (21 minutes)
Forget single pieces of gear and pre-produced tracks – EOTO is known for their live, improvised performances. Jason and Travis show off a basic demonstration of how they perform together, and then do a breakdown of all of their gear, methods, and techniques.
Moby's Drum Machine + Synth Collection (12 minutes)
Moby is a lifelong producer and DJ, having gotten their first break all the way back in 1991. Throughout the years, he's gotten the chance to accumulate a lot of production gear. Watch them show off their absolutely massive collection of drum machines and synthesizers:
Not A Beat, Not A Scene (10 minutes)
The “beat music” scene in Los Angeles has exploded over the last ten years – with artists like Flying Lotus, The Glitch Mob, and others rising to international fame. This ten minute documentary asks some of the artists (Free The Robots, Daedelus, and more) in the scene to reflect and share their thoughts on how it came to be and what's next.
RJD2's Vinyl Collection (17 minutes)
Fuse's “Crate Diggers” series talks to record-collecting DJs and producers about their passion for vinyl, and in this episode they interview RJD2. They tals about the intuition required in finding samples and shares some of their favorite finds and digging stories.
10 Years of Dance Music (21 minutes)
Last month, Toolroom Records released this epic documentary on how dance music went from being “in terminal decline” in 2003 to being one of the largest types of music in the world in 2013. DJs and producers alike will enjoy this one – you'll hear from Loco Dice, Hot Since 82, Armin Van Buuren and many more.
How To Make Techno Music (in 1994) (5 minutes)
The techniques in this video are probably useless to most modern producers, but getting to see some well-known German techno producers discussing the production process in 1994 is a highly enjoyable blast from the past. Ever seen a track produced using an Atari or early Apple computer? Here's your chance.
Watch More DJ/Producer Documentaries Now:
Round One | Round Two | Round Three | Round Four | Round Five | Round Six
The answer is actually yes. And in fact, the Roman Catholic Church has recognized Darwinian evolution for the past 60 years. It openly rejects Intelligent Design and Young Earth Creationism saying that it "pretends to be science." But the Church's unique take on the theory, what it calls theistic evolution, still shows that Catholics have largely missed the point.
Back in 1950, Pope Pius XII laid out their papal encyclical, “Humani Generis,” in which the Church's official position on natural selection was laid out. The statement said that there's no intrinsic conflict between Christianity and evolution. The theory, as articulated by Charles Darwin in On the Origin of Species, has withstood scientific scrutiny since its publication in 1859 — and the Church does not dispute this.
Advertisement
But — and this is a big but — Catholics can believe in evolution just as long as God's involvement is acknowledged. Just what this involvement actually entails has never been made entirely clear, but the Church is adamant on one point: The human soul is a creation of God and not the product of material forces. On this point, the Church will never waver.
Catholics believe that humans are descended from apes, but that we all share a common male ancestor, Adam. He's the lucky guy who got to hand down Original Sin to all their descendants. This means that Catholics don't believe in polygenism, the idea that humans are descended from a group of early humans.
Interestingly, all humans may be descended from a common female ancestor, the so-called Mitochondrial Eve. But that's science, not Biblical conjecture.
Advertisement
At the same time, Catholics take no issue with the Big Bang theory, along with cosmological, geological, and biological axioms touted by science. The Church rejects the notion that humans can find traces of God's work or their intention by looking for “design signatures” (i.e. specified complexity) in the world around us — a central contention of the ID crowd.
God, says former Vatican astronomer Rev. George Coyne, is "not continually intervening, but rather allows, participates, loves."
The previous Pope, Benedict XVI, saw the conflict between creationism and evolution as absurd. They wrote:
Currently, I see in Germany, but also in the United States, a somewhat fierce debate raging between so-called "creationism" and evolutionism, presented as though they were mutually exclusive alternatives: those who believe in the Creator would not be able to conceive of evolution, and those who instead support evolution would have to exclude God. This antithesis is absurd because, on the one hand, there are so many scientific proofs in favour of evolution which appears to be a reality we can see and which enriches our knowledge of life and being as such. But on the other, the doctrine of evolution does not answer every query, especially the great philosophical question: where does everything come from? And how did everything start which ultimately led to man? I believe this is of the utmost importance.
Advertisement
But it's here where the Church falls flat. This is the classic argument made by all reconciliationists — the idea that religion and Darwinian natural selection can work in harmony together. It's a “want my cake and eat it too” proposition that largely ignores the potency of Darwin's dangerous idea as a God killer.
Darwin's theory provides for a stand alone system. Evolution is fully autonomous process that does not require any guiding “rationality” (Benedict's term) to function. It's an agonizingly slow, brutish, and insanely methodical process, but it works.
Moreover, it has given rise to the concept of scientific naturalism — the idea that the material world and all the phenomena we see around us can be explained without having to invoke an architect or overseer. All the evidence currently points to this conclusion, and until science reveals any hint of supernatural meddling — which it has not – we will continue to have to accept naturalism as the ongoing scientific paradigm.
Advertisement
As for the new Pope, Francis I, their position will have to follow those of their predecessors in keeping with the principle of papal infallibility. But like Pius and Benedict, they can elaborate on the Church's position when they feel it necessary.
This architectural concept has been proposed by Anders Berensson Architects to transform one or two of twelve big power towers in central Stockholm into picnic towers with a magnificent view over the park and the city of Stockholm.
Architect: Anders Berensson Architects
Location: Stockholm, Sweden
Project's description: Anders Berensson Architects has been commissioned by the Kungl Djurgårdens förvaltning ( Swedish Royal Court ) to investigate the future of twelve big power towers which are no longer in use and stands in the urban national park Norra Djurgården in central Stockholm. ABA proposes to transform one or two of them into picnic towers with a magnificent view over the park and the city of Stockholm.
The towers are constructed to carry heavy power lines over the tree tops in the park making them strong enough to hold platforms and high enough to give a great view. The added stairs and platforms are made in wood to reduce weight and to contrast to the old structure. The towers are designed with a kiosk in the lower levels that can sell snacks and beverages for the picnic and also open and close the towers for the public at summertime.
- Surveillance video shows a thief crawling on the floor of a bike shop moments before they disabled the security system and stole roughly $104,000 worth of bikes and equipment.
Paul Maggy of King Cycles in Brandon noticed their shop had been gutted and ransacked when they arrived to work early Monday morning.
"It's a sinking feeling to know that somebody just took everything that you worked to build for the last bunch of years," they said.
Upon further review of their surveillance cameras from late Sunday night, Paul noticed a masked man slithering on the floor, out of the way of the motion detectors.
Minutes later the man cut the phone lines and power to the security system before swinging a hammer, effectively taking out the cameras -- all without detection.
"This doesn't look like this was somebody who was upset that they got a bad tune up or something," Paul joked.
What the surveillance video doesn't show is the massive hole the thief cut in the wall separating Paul's workshop and a storage room.
They think the thief busted a lock in the storage room then cut another hole in the ceiling in order to peek down into the store to locate the security system.
"They found a spot where they could come through a back wall, came through the wall to my bike shop area and disabled everything," Paul said.
From there, the thief rolled 40 bikes -- ranging in price from $2,000 up to $10,000 -- back through the hole and into a back alley.
"It's basically heartbreaking to see every high-end bike missing from our shop, but that's what's gone," Paul said.
An entire wall of riding gloves, several pairs of riding shorts and pants -- even riding jerseys with the company's logo -- was all stolen.
The Hillsborough County Sheriff's Office dusted for prints but, so far, detectives haven't found anything substantial.
The International Pole Sports Federation (IPSF) has submitted an application to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) to be recognized as a fully-fledged sport.
The IPSF's Olympic Sub-Committee has been working on its submission for the last five months, with its case boosted after it was officially confirmed as a signatory of the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) Code.
"This is a long process and may take years to achieve recognition, but by applying we have already raised the standards of our sport and look forward to continuing to evolve in line with the with international sporting guidelines," the IPSF said, insidethegames.com reported.
The organization currently has 22 members, but the IPSF wants to increase this to 40 by the end of 2017 as part of its recognition effort.
The federation had already established the World Pole Sports Championships in 2012 in its bid to increase awareness across the globe.
This year's event, held at the Crystal Palace National Sports Centre in London during July, attracted around 150 athletes from 30 countries.
🌎IT'S DOUBLE WORLD CHAMPION DAY!🌎 Two times World Champion BERNADETT FLOCH from HUNGARY is the only JUNIOR athlete to win the World Pole Sports Championships consecutively in 2013 and 2014! Thank You Bernadett #bernadettfloch #polekids #kidspole #youthpole #ipsf #wpsc Фото опубликовано International Pole Sports Fed (@ipsfpolesports) Сен 20 2016 в 10:07 PDT
IPSF President KT Coates told the Guardian in the buildup to the championships that people's attitudes to the sport had changed.
Coates was a dancer at the Raymond Revue bar during the 1990s, and later at clubs in Japan, but says things have moved on since then.
"You're using muscles of your entire body – you get very strong," said Coates.
Фото опубликовано International Pole Sports Fed (@ipsfpolesports) Окт 4 2016 в 4:45 PDT
"You can tell it's becoming a sport by the physiques of the athletes. When we started, it used to be quite slim girls.
"Now most of the athletes are incredibly muscular. You have to have every element to win – flexibility, strength, choreography. It's tough."
Samantha Smith, owner of Pole Dance Cape Town in South Africa, has backed the IPSF's bid to be recognized as an Olympic sport, claiming it now attracts both men and women.
"We are trying to change people's perceptions," said Smith to website iol.co.za.
Фото опубликовано International Pole Sports Fed (@ipsfpolesports) Авг 25 2016 в 11:46 PDT
"Despite the fact that we still have a way to go, it's encouraging to see how far the sport has come over the last few years, and united comrades within the global pole dance fitness community.
"The belief pole dancing is just for women is starting to fade, with a growing number of males participating each year."
The IPSF has also added a new Para Pole category for next year's World Championships, with the federation committing to a five-year program to work alongside athletes to expand the categories as they evolve.
Managing your AWS resources has become easier and more direct over the years! Let's do a quick recap before we dig in:
We launched Amazon SQS (2004) and Amazon S3 (2006) as pure APIs, with no tool support whatsoever. Developers were quick to build all sorts of interesting tools around the web service APIs.
Later in 2006, we introduced Amazon EC2, this time with a set of command-line tools.
Sometime in 2007 we entered the visual, browser-based era with the release of ElasticFox.
In early 2009 we released the AWS Management Console and have focused our development efforts there ever since that launch.
Over the years we've made many incremental improvements to the AWS Management Console. We've also improved the overall look and feel a couple of times. The goal remains unchanged – to provide you with a clean and efficient way to see and manage your AWS resources.
Today we are ready to take another step forward. We're making some big improvements to the existing Console, and we're also introducing a brand-new Console App for Android devices. In this post I'll give you a visual tour of both applications..
AWS Management Console Improvements
We heard your feedback that the growing number of services in the Management Console (21 and counting), increased service functionality, and new form factors such as tablets, required an update to our designs. Our focus is to make AWS easier to use by increasing customizability and improving information display on your screen of choice.
We started with a focus on customization to make the Console work better for you. We moved Region selection into the Consoles navigation and made it work seamlessly across all of the services. You can also customize the Console navigation with shortcuts to the AWS services that you use the most often:
We learned that many Console users spent a lot of time alternately selecting one of a pair of AWS resources in order to compare and contrast certain settings. This wasn't a good use of your time, so we added inline resource summaries to give you quick access to key resource attributes.
We then reviewed the Console's information management and display features to improve readability and to put your information front and center. We learned that monitoring resource statistics is one of the most frequent actions and users wanted more space to view graphs. The new Monitoring View makes it easier for you to see statistics for your resources. You can easily filter your resources and hit the new Select All button to see stacked graphs for your resources. You can even change this view to see all the graphs or individual large graphs on one screen.
We also learned that many users wanted as much space as possible for table information. To accommodate this, we added a collapse option to the side navigation pane and moved the table details to let the table fill the screen.
Expanded
Collapsed
Finally, we know that many of you use (or would like to use) the Console from your tablet device, so we now support endless scrolling within the current page. Your resources are just a swipe away! We also optimized the use of horizontal and vertical space and made the buttons and selectors large enough to ensure easy access.
These improvements will be rolled out across the AWS services on slightly different schedules. We look forward to your feedback on these new designs!
AWS Management Console App
This new app provides mobile-relevant tasks that are a good companion to the full web experience including the ability to quickly and easily view and manage your existing EC2 instances and CloudWatch alarms from your Android phone. You can view your total AWS service charges and switch between AWS accounts and regions from within the app. As with the web-based management console, sign-in is as simple as entering your AWS or IAM credentials.
You can:
View a summary of your EC2 instances, CloudWatch alarms, total service charges, and the AWS Service Health status, with optional filtering on the instances and alarms.
Look at EC2 instance metrics and status checks to check the state of your environment.
Stop or reboot your EC2 instances.
List CloudWatch alarms by state or time.
View CloudWatch graphs.
Examine the automated actions configured for each CloudWatch alarm.
View detailed AWS service health status, including recent AWS service events and notifications.
Here's a tour:
We plan to add support for additional services very quickly, so stay tuned (and use the app's feedback function to tell us what you think). We are also planning to support mobile devices running other operating systems.
Download the AWS Management Console for Android and get started today.
By the way, the Management Console team is hiring! If youre interested in building web or mobile user interfaces, check out our open positions:
— Jeff;
Longene[1] is an operating system kernel intended to be binary compatible with application software and device drivers made for Microsoft Windows and Linux. In order to accomplish this, key features of the Windows kernel are ported to the Linux kernel.
Longene is written in the C programming language and is free and open source software. It is licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License version 2 (GPLv2).
Although the project is in the alpha stage of development as of 2015, many Windows programs already work well.[citation needed]
As of August 2018, the official website is gone, signifying the end of the project. However, the source code is still available on GitHub.[2]
Features [ edit ]
Longene aims to add all Windows kernel mechanisms, including system calls, Windows Registry, Windows Driver Model, Deferred Procedure Call, and others, into the Linux kernel to form a new kernel. The new kernel will allow both Linux and Windows applications and device drivers to work without virtualization or emulation. In order to prevent bloating, if a function is available in both the ReactOS and Linux kernel, the Linux implementation is used. Functions are implemented using Linux loadable kernel modules, so they can be loaded and unloaded easily.
Longene has two sets of system calls and their corresponding tables: a Windows syscall set and a Linux syscall set. Windows applications call the syscall table via software interrupt "int 0x2e". Linux applications call the syscall table via "int 0x80".
The Longene project does not develop the Windows and the Linux userland libraries. Those libraries are offered by others projects, such as Wine, ReactOS, GNU, and NDISwrapper.[3]
Development [ edit ]
In September 2005, the Longene project gained sponsorship from Insigma Technology (浙大网新), a China-based IT consulting corporation. The project leader, Decao Mao (毛德操), proposed the idea and route of the Longene. They wrote a series of articles about the market, the intellectual property rights and the techniques to explain why people needed the project and how to implement the Longene. The articles Mao wrote were then compiled to form the white paper of the project.
According to the white paper, to implement the Longene, one needs to add several parts to the Linux kernel:
A framework that matches the properties and requirements of Windows device drivers (i.e., the Windows device driver framework) so that multiple Windows device driver modules may be loaded into the kernel, while retaining their relationship and running conditions as in Windows.
A set of export functions defined by Windows kernel export function interface (WDK). To device driver programs, these functions are like library functions provided by kernel.
Windows native API. Microsoft did not open their native API, but "Windows NT/2000 Native API Reference" and other materials have unveiled this information. Implementing the Windows system API in the Linux kernel could be compared to the implementation of a high level language in assembly, because inside the kernel usable functions are not implemented by the external Linux kernel API anymore but by internal Linux kernel functions.
The Longene project produces patches for the Linux kernel to accomplish its goal. The project developers expect these patches to eventually merge into the Linux kernel main tree.[ citation needed ] Those who program on the Windows platform would then be able to develop applications and device drivers for the Linux platform or port their products to Linux platform with a low cost.
Development strategy [ edit ]
Longene uses Wine as a base for implementing the Windows API. The project re-implements Wine's modules for use as part of the joint kernel. Longene defers from using Wine modules that have not been sufficiently implemented for the project. Versions of Longene are released when several of the Wine modules have been successfully implemented into the kernel. The new stable version will then be used as a base for implementing future modules. Windows API that have not been implemented by Wine are developed into modules from scratch.
For device drivers, Longene imports NDISwrapper into the kernel. Modifications are made to NDISwrapper for missing functionality of the Windows Driver Model using ReactOS code as a reference. The Windows Driver Kit implementation is based on ReactOS code. It uses a combination of redirecting drivers to Linux kernel resources and additional libraries that implement functions that cannot be implemented in Linux.
Version history [ edit ]
An earlier version, unifiedkernel-2.6.13,[4] released in February 15, 2006. This version actualized the Windows system call mechanism.
color meaning red Release no longer supported yellow Release, supported green Current release blue Future release
Version Release date Release Information 0.1.0 April 30, 2006 kernel-win32 ported
Windows system call mechanism based on "int 2e" 0.2.0 December 1, 2006 Windows process/thread creating implemented
partial implementation of Windows APC mechanism 0.2.1 February 4, 2008 Windows process/thread management
virtual memory management
synchronization
object management
built-in EXE loading function 0.2.2 October 31, 2008 Token mechanism
GUI installation program 0.2.2-1 December 17, 2008 bug fixes 0.2.3 February 12, 2009 Windows registry mechanism ported from Wine 0.2.4 May 22, 2009 file system management ported from Wine
partial implementation of registry management APIs
binary packages for popular distributions provided 0.2.4.1 August 31, 2009 based on Linux Kernel 2.6.30
support of new file systems (ext4 and others) 0.3 May 31, 2010 move all functions of wineserver into kernel space and get rid of wineserver 0.3.1 February 26, 2011 support non-root user
support apps Chinese path 0.3.2 June 8, 2011 support wineconsole, Windows console apps，such as cmd.exe can run like this way: wineconsole cmd.exe
improve the way of creation of process，so windows native-app and wine buitin-app can create by each other. 1.0-rc1 December 31, 2013 complete modification of the framework, the Longene is no longer needed kernel patch
Longene has supported SMP
more convenient installation, better compatibility, better stability 1.0-rc2 January 16, 2014 upgrade wine to version 1.7.10
solve ordinary users after the restart problem
solve several file permissions
modify file loading type 2.0[5] 2015 QEMU codes integration
support Windows applications running on an ARM machine
Current and future development [ edit ]
Developers are currently working on Longene 2.0, which will support Windows applications running on non-x86 architecture hardware, such as ARM and Loongson. Additionally, the developers are working on AMD64 support and porting NDISWrapper code to the project.
Not yet implemented (but planned):
QEMU code integration
The WDM device driver framework
The Windows DPC mechanism
Exported kernel functions defined by Windows DDK
Available Open Source resources [ edit ]
Longene is based on the Linux kernel. It implements its functions in the Linux loadable kernel modules (LKMs). As opposed to ReactOS implementing functions from scratch, Longene exploits the abundant code and documentation of the Linux kernel to create its functions. These are the main approaches to implement Windows mechanisms in Longene: System call interface – Some of them can be taken from the appropriate Linux system calls, or partially reuse the code from corresponding Linux system calls. The rest that have no counterpart in Linux need to use low-level Linux kernel functions in their implementation. Device driver framework – The device driver interrupt service register is using the Linux interrupt mechanism, the device drivers perceive running Windows kernel, which is mapped to the Linux kernel running underneath. Device driver DPC requests are translated to Linux-bh functions. The Microsoft Windows native system files that are copyrighted by Microsoft — The category of .sys modules used for common external devices, such as disk, USB, graphics devices, network equipment and so on, for which there are corresponding functions in the Linux kernel. To drive those devices, it is only required to build a bridge and there is no need to create .sys modules. For the rest of .sys modules that have no the corresponding objects in the Linux kernel, an emulation is required. Windows DDK – The majority of device driver interface functions and data structures have counterparts in the Linux kernel. Some functions have no exact equivalent in the Linux kernel, and there is a need to build a wrapper using Linux kernel stuff. In practice, some resource calls and references can be redirected or adapted to Linux kernel counterparts, and the rest need to be implemented from scratch.
ReactOS is a clone of MS Windows written from scratch. Longene uses ReactOS code as a reference to implement some basic mechanisms of the Microsoft Windows Operating System. That involves implementing the Windows device driver framework, NDIS, the system call interface, the process management and resource management, the device driver interface, etc.
Wine implements a compatibility layer, providing alternative implementations of the DLLs that Windows programs call, and processes to substitute for the Windows NT kernel. As opposed to Longene using the microkernel functions to implement Windows API in kernel space, Wine uses the macro host OS API to implement Windows API in userspace. Longene offers the Windows Process management, Thread management, Object management, etc. in kernel; Wine offers those by wineserver running in userspace. Longene depends on Wine for the user libraries (the .dll files). Most of Wine's DLLs can be used directly by Longene. Wine code (such as the Windows Registry table) can be referred to implement some functions. In the transitional state, Longene uses Wine to offer those functions that have not been completed yet.
Kernel-Win32
Kernel-Win32 is a project intended to move some functions from the Wineserver into the Linux kernel to accelerate Wine. Longene project ported (and partly re-implemented) Kernel-Win32 into Longene to implement the Windows system call mechanism.
NDISWrapper recreated a part of Windows NT kernel in a Linux kernel module, making possible to execute modern Windows drivers inside a Linux kernel box. NDISWrapper consists of a NTOSKRNL API, a basic WDM controller, and a set of Windows call wrappers such as Wireless/NDIS/USB/PnP to Linux APIs. NDISWrapper is not limited to executing only NDIS drivers; other WDM drivers can be used as long as the driver doesn't call unimplemented Windows API functions. The first step of WDM implementation in Longene will be to import NDISWrapper into Longene. Then the Longene project team will implement its WDM via modifying NDISwrapper and adding functions into NDISWrapper with ReactOS code as a reference.
To run Windows x86 binary applications directly on the ARM architecture, there is a need of an emulation, of course. QEMU is an open source emulator in Linux that can run Wine, but the result is unacceptably slow. QEMU interprets all x86 instructions in user space (including the Wine code); only in case of Linux system calls the application is running at full speed. The result is slow, because applications spend most of the time in the emulated user space, and less time in the kernel. But if the Win API DLLs, provided by Wine could be used outside of QEMU, they would run at full speed because they can be compiled natively, and the overall running speed should significantly improve. This way of combining Wine and QEMU, and putting Wineserver functions into the kernel, is the idea of Longene 2.0.
Users [ edit ]
MagicLinux – MagicLinux is a Chinese Linux distribution based on Red Hat Linux. Version 2.1 of MagicLinux, released on December 15, 2008, includes a main version (DVD, with Linux kernel 2.6.25.20), a compact version (CD, with Linux kernel 2.6.25.20) and a Longene version (CD, with Longene 0.2.2).[6]
Hardware requirements [ edit ]
The minimum hardware requirements to run are:
IA-32 processor
128 MB RAM
IDE or SATA harddisk
VGA compatible video card
Standard (PS/2 or USB) keyboard
PS/2 compatible mouse or Microsoft Mouse compatible serial mouse
Architecture support [ edit ]
IA-32 (working)
x86-64 (not working, in progress)
Loongson 3 (not working, in progress)
ARM (not working, in progress)
Longene can also be run on software which emulates or virtualizes the above hardware, such as VMware and VirtualBox.
See also [ edit ]
Meet Carsonella rudii - an organism with a tiny genome - only 160,000 bases. Compare that to 3 billion bases for the human genome or even 5 million bases for E coli!
Scientists think it may be so simple because it never goes out - C rudii lives in the gut of an insect that lives in a plant and it has only 213 genes
This workshop consists of TWO SESSIONS on two consecutive Sundays.
The Price above is for both sessions.
Spend a couple of evenings tinkering around with the parts of this ultra minimal bacterium. Carsonella is a great introduction to the minimal organisms which are being designed and engineered to do new tricks.
This unique workshop will investigate and understand the spectrum of gene function in a living cell.
In the first session, we'll go over the core machinery of cell replication and metabolism, visualizing the bacterium in an art project on a wall in the lab.
The second session will wrap up metabolism and look at genomic Dark Matter. Despite having only 7% of the genes of E coli, nearly a quarter of the genes in Carsonella are listed as having no known function. We'll look at some ways to get an idea of what these genes are doing.
Course Taught by Corey Hudson PhD and Ron Shigeta PhD
Please bring a laptop with a wireless connection and a web browser installed. Basic biology will be covered and no experience is required.
According to Swedish Radio, several members of the Swedish Academy have suggested reserving this year's Nobel Literature Prize, and awarding it alongside the 2019 prize next year The Swedish Academy, which awards the Nobel Literature Prize, has been rattled by a sexual scandal as several Academy members, their wives and their daughters have claimed to have been assaulted by a well-known arts figure close to the prestigious institution. (AFP Photo/Vilhelm STOKSTAD)
Stockholm (AFP) - The Swedish Academy, which awards the Nobel Literature Prize, has been rattled by a sex scandal as a high-profile man with close ties to the institution has been accused of assault against several women.
The #MeToo campaign exposing sexual misconduct which began in Hollywood has shaken artistic, media and political circles in Sweden, one of the most gender equal countries in the world.
More than 10,000 women -- including actores, journalists, lawyers and musicians -- have spoken up and campaigned against harassment.
The prestigious Swedish Academy, founded in 1786, was drawn into the sex abuse net on Thursday when it announced that several members as well as members' wives and daughters had allegedly been assaulted by the well-known figure at the centre of the scandal.
"When an institution which selects Nobel laureates finds itself in this type of situation then it of course risks affecting the Nobel prize negatively," Lars Heikensten, executive director of the Nobel Foundation, told the daily Dagens Nyheter newspaper.
The paper broke the news on Tuesday when it published the testimony of 18 women claiming to have been assaulted or raped by one of the most influential figures in Stockholm's cultural scene.
- 'Everyone has always known'-
The accused man's name has not been published in the media due to Swedish laws on the presumption of innocence. But their identity is generally known by the public as they are a high-profile person in cultural circles and their name has appeared in online chat forums discussing the issue.
They did not respond to AFP's request for a comment, though they told Dagens Nyheter they were innocent.
Married to a writer with "close links to the Swedish Academy", the man runs a cultural club showcasing exhibitions, readings and performances by both the cultural elite and hopefuls -- including Nobel literature laureates -- and dubbed by some as "the Academy's living room".
The club has been partly funded by the Academy.
The alleged sexual assaults occurred between 1996 and 2017, some of them in the club's premises, according to Dagens Nyheter.
Several women spoke openly, allowing the newspaper to reveal their identities, and their stories were corroborated by witnesses, the paper said.
One of the accusers claims to have been raped in an apartment in a posh Stockholm neighbourhood.
"Everyone knows and everyone has always known," that they were attacking young women, they say.
- 'Do not touch me'-
The women said they had remained silent out of fear of jeopardising their careers because of the man's close relations with leading publishers, producers, directors and composers.
Writer Elise Karlsson told AFP that they were working under precarious conditions in 2008 when they were 27-years-old.
"I suddenly felt their hands on my buttocks (and) at no point had I shown any interest. I was shocked and told them 'do not touch me' and slapped him," they said.
Karlsson said they later approached them and said they "would never find work" in the sector again.
"I didn't have the opportunity to confide in a leader, we knew (the man) was mainly targeting young and vulnerable people," they added.
According to columnist Svante Weyler, the lack of transparency in the Swedish Academy has led to a code of silence.
- 'Unwanted intimacy' -
After a "crisis meeting" on Thursday evening, the Swedish Academy announced that it was cutting all ties with the accused, whom it had funded and allowed to manage an apartment it owns in an upscale Paris neighbourhood.
The Academy said in a statement that "members of the Academy, daughters of Academy members, wives of Academy members and staff of the Academy have experienced unwanted intimacy or inappropriate behaviour" by the man.
The prominent institution said it would launch an internal enquiry to find out if the perpetrator "has had any direct or indirect influence on the Academy's prizes, scholarships, and fundings of any kind".
Culture Minister Alice Bah Kuhnke said they regretted honouring them with the 2015 Order of The Polar Star, awarded to members of the Swedish royal family and foreigners for services to Sweden.
Get the latest news and videos for this game daily, no spam, no fuss.
Rockstar Games parent company Take-Two Interactive has filed a new trademark application for Bully covering, among other things, "computer and video game programs and software."
The trademark application was filed with the United States Patent & Trademark Office on July 25. A company representative was not immediately available to comment.
The new trademark is the fourth that Take-Two holds related to Bully. The first, originally filed two years ahead of Bully's release in 2006, covers "computer game programs and software." A second covers clothing, while the third covers printed material like books and magazines.
In November 2011, Rockstar Games cofounder Dan Houser explained that after the original Bully shipped, it was decided that Rockstar Vancouver--the lead developer behind Bully--would work on Max Payne 3 instead of a sequel to the open-world game.
"So we knew that we didn't want to start doing the Bully sequel instantly at that second with those guys--even though it is a property that, like [Max Payne], we adore and might come back to in the future," Houser said at the time. "There was just no impetus to do that then. So we said, 'You can do Max, and then we will see what we can do with Bully.'"
If the Bully franchise is to return, it could be one of the multiple next-generation games Take-Two currently has in development. In May, CEO Strauss Zelnick said, "We also have a extraordinary pipeline of titles in development for next-generation platforms, including groundbreaking new intellectual property and releases from our proven franchises."
Take-Two will report earnings and hold a question-and-answer session for its latest financial period today beginning at 1:30 p.m. PDT. Check back later for more.
Community Counseling Centers of Chicago, which was set to close at the end of the month because of financial difficulties, will remain open under a partnership agreement with CountyCare, Cook County Health & Hospitals System's Medicaid health plan, officials said in a news release.
C4 will continue providing mental health services to its existing clients and also will serve members of CountyCare. CEO John Jay Shannon said in the statement that C4 will help expand the behavior health services available under the plan.
In April, C4 had announced plans to close at the end of May. The news left other mental health services providers concerned about who would serve the more than 10,000 clients C4 worked with each year.
The 42-year-old agency is one of the largest providers of mental health services in the Chicago area, serving clients at four locations, primarily on the city's North and West sides.
In April, C4 said in a letter to nine state lawmakers it would need an additional $1 million to remain open. The letter cited financial problems that included difficulties in billing clients and collecting payment for services in November after problems with a new electronic health records system.
A spokesperson for the Illinois Department of Human Services, which monitors all state contracts provided to C4 through the Division of Mental Health, said that although C4's announcement about closing came shortly after Gov. Bruce Rauner's proposals to cut $82 million from mental health programs, C4's decision was an "internal matter" unrelated to the proposed cuts.
C4 CEO Eileen Durkin said in the statement: "This comes at a critical time for our consumers and our employees. The agreement provides C4 the opportunity to serve an expanded patient base through CountyCare. It also provides the stability we need to serve our current consumers, as well as continuing to be able to support our dedicated employees."
lzumbach@tribpub.com
Twitter @laurenzumbach
There were 40 expeditions planned to climb Everest from the Nepalese side of the mountain before the April 18 avalanche which killed 16 Sherpas.
Last week we reported that two climbers rented a helicopter and flew to camp two, which is also called the Valley of Silence.
Born in Brazil, the American Cleo Weidlich is a 51-year-old veteran of the mountains. It is reported they are attempting Lhotse which shares camps with Everest to camp three.
Chinese Wang Jing has climbed four eight-thousanders, including Everest in 2010.  They are attempting to climb the seven summits and reach the two poles in record time.
It is illegal to use a helicopter on Everest without permission, with the exception of rescue operations from the Nepalese government. It seems that the Ministry of Tourism and Civil Aviation has lost control over what happens on Everest. There are rumours of others hoping to rent a helicopter to camp two. The mountain is not closed, but as of now all climbers must climb through the Khumbu Icefall, air access is forbidden.
Weidlich wrote on their Facebook profile: I wanted to inform you that my climbing Everest massif will continue with or without ladders. I climbed up on one of the most dangerous mountains without them, and this peak is relatively safe, when you compare it with, Nanga Parbat, Annapurna and Kangchenjunga. I do not want to give in to pressure from the mob on Everest. I will decide when I reach my limits. Thanks to all for your positive energy, I feel it.”
Wang's helicopter flight has put Russell Brice and their company Himalayan Experience aka Himex at huge risk per this newsletter:
“Many of you know that I have been dealing with the logistics for Jing Wang to climb the seven summits and two poles in record time. Of course this project came to an abrupt end when I was forced to cancel my Everest and Lhotse trips. I suggested to Jing that they go to the North side of Everest and obtain a climbing permit from the CMA or CTMA, but this was not forthcoming. Although Jing asked if I could arrange for their trip to continue on the South side, I refused and so did all my Sherpa staff.
In the event it appears that Jing has arranged to continue to climb with another agency and has without permission flown by helicopter to Camp two, despite me warning them not to.”
This has caused me considerable problems with the Ministry, who say that I am still responsible for Jing, despite me not knowing who the other operator actually is. Well in fact I do know who this operator is, but they continue to tell me lies, saying that they have not organised the seven Sherpa's that are currently with Jing, although they all come from their company. Even after repeated phone calls they still do not come to the Ministry to take on the responsibility of the Sherpa's insurance and other such matters. In the meanwhile the Ministry says that they will punish my company, quite a large fine and probably banned from coming to Nepal for five years. It is only in the past few hours that I have now been cleared of the responsibility for Jing and their phantom operator.”
So for members who might think that I have carried on with my expedition, please know that this is the exact opposite, these actions of others has caused me considerable pain and hard work to clear my company name in the past few days.”
Tashi Sherpa, whose expedition lost three guides said, “We decided not to climb out of respect for our friends who lost their lives at the mountain. It is not good that they are climbing. It does not reflect well on them or the mountaineering community here,” Sherpa told AFP news agency.
President of the Expedition Operators Association, Dambar Parajuli, said the government should investigate “how the two women chartered a helicopter and went off without informing anyone.”
It is clear that some climbers are willing to attempt Everest at any cost.
More on the Everest avalanche:
Everest Documentary
Sherpa Fund
The Avalanche
An Industry in Peril
The Circus Won't Go On
Daily Show And Colbert Report Going HD For 2010 By Jason J. Hughes Random Article Blend When a major show announces they are making the switch to HD, I find myself thinking, "Finally!" If you have an HD TV you know how annoying it can be watching shows that aren't produced in hi-def. The latest to get in on the treatment are Comedy Central's The Daily Show and The Colbert Report. They'll begin broadcasting in HD on January 4, 2010.
The fact that Tosh.0, on the same network, has broadcast an entire season (granted it's first) in HD already, this is a bit of a travesty. Daily and Colbert are two of Comedy Central's three signature shows. South Park is the third, but even they've been HD for a while now.
I had the same reaction earlier this year when The Late Late Show made their own transition to HD. It doesn't make sense for one of a network's major shows to be so far behind the times. Is it that expensive with these "talk show" types of formats to transition them to high definition after producing them in regular definition? Were Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert worried that they wouldn't look as pretty if we could see all the lines on their faces (remember Liz Lemon in hi-def on 30 Rock!)?
The Daily Show and The Colbert Report air in a block on Comedy Central weeknights starting at 11 PM ET.
Blended From Around The Web Facebook
Back to top
Guild Leveling - Guild Perks List
Stonecore Boss Videos
Guild Talents were removed a while back and replaced with Guild Perks.There are 25 guild levels and each level will automatically reward with an extra perk. The leveling process remains unchanged and your guild will gain experience through PvP, Dungeon and Raid progression, questing, etc ...Guild currency has also been removed and rewards will just be "unlocked" after you reach a specific level or complete a guild achievement. Once a reward is unlocked, members will be able to purchase it with gold. Some of the rewards include guild tabards, mounts, heirlooms, and it looks like you will finally be able to have a guild tabard on your mount. (Just like the Argent Tournament banners)New members of a guild won't be able to buy everything directly, they will have to contribute to the progression of the guild before they can access the top rewards. Each time a player helps towards the leveling they will gain reputation with the guild, the best rewards will require players to be exalted with their guild before they can buy it.The Stonecore was made available for testing last week and a few videos are now available on Youtube!
CMG registers as a third party in the federal election
To advocate in favour of public broadcasting and a strong, well-funded, pan-Canadian public broadcaster during this federal election, CMG is required by law to register with Elections Canada as a “third party.”
Since support of public broadcasting is an issue associated with political parties, under very broad new rules some of CMG's advocacy in support of public broadcasting may be construed as election advertising.
In light of the drastic funding cuts imposed by the federal government in recent years, CMG is urging all political parties to adopt our 5
proposals in support of a well-funded and independent CBC/Radio-Canada.
“We have sent considerable time lobbying all political parties to support better funding for the CBC,” says Carmel Smyth, national president of the Canadian Media Guild. “As a media union we are non-partisan, and do not support or give money to any political party. But we have a responsibility to let Canadians know how destructive and unnecessary the recent cuts have been, and to encourage CBC supporters to share their belief CBC should be funded to produce original Canadian content in both official languages and local news across the country.”
Political parties and candidates have staked out different positions on the future of CBC/Radio-Canada and, as CMG does in every election, we will be sharing information about these positions with our members.
We also continue to urge the CBC Board and its President and CEO to share with Canadians their sense of what conditions best support a strong and independent CBC/Radio-Canada.
Find out more about the CMG campaign at https://www.cmg.ca/en/champion-public-broadcasting/ .
For more information, get in touch with the Guild (info@cmg.ca) at 416-591-5333 or 1-800-465-4149.
Share Tweet Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Did you see that ad with the Mexican chick and their daughter making the trek to cross the border into the US illegally?
If you missed it, it's right here.
[arve url=”https://www.youtube.com/embed/J0Uk6ctu7nI”]
I can't tell you how annoyed I was by that. And then there was this cryptic – “to see the rest of the story go to journey84.com” message at the end of it. So I went. And naturally, because the MARKETING GENIUSES who came up with this stupid idea didn't predict that people would actually GO TO THAT WEBSITE TO SEE THE REST OF THE STORY, it crashed immediately.
So I found the rest of the story elsewhere. And I cannot tell you the amount of rage I have about it. BEHOLD.
[arve url=”https://www.youtube.com/embed/nPo2B-vjZ28″]
Seriously? “The will to succeed is always welcome here?” Since when does the will to succeed mean BREAKING THE LAW????
I hope that 84 Lumber lost a sh*itload of money on that stupid journey84.com website, and I hope they get KILLED on social media, and I hope their sales tank.
They are literally encouraging people to break the law. That's not what America is about. And they can suck it.
National Security Advisor Michael Flynn at White House briefing: "As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice." pic.twitter.com/o6rY9pvalH — This Week (@ThisWeekABC) February 1, 2017
During the Wednesday afternoon White House press briefing, General Michael Flynn issued this stark warning: “As of today, we are officially putting Iran on notice.”
“Recent Iranian actions, including a provocative ballistic missile launch and an attack against a Saudi naval vessel conducted by Iran-supported Houthi militants underscore what we should have been clear to the international community all along about Iran's destabilizing behavior across the Middle East,” Flynn said.
After bashing the Obama administration as well as the United Nations for being “weak and ineffective,” Flynn then concluded in the statement in front of the press, “We are officially putting Iran on notice.”
Read their full statement, as released by the White House, below:
Link to this post, but load the entire thread.
PROJECT ON HIATUS INDEFINITELY AS OF 6-11-2016 Unfortunately, due to being super busy with other commitments, I'm putting this project on hiatus. I will definitely recommence it as soon as I have some time off.
STORY
Ever wondered what it would have been like to push the limits of science and ethics, all in the name of the harrowing scientific enterprise that was the creation of Mewtwo? Ever wish you could have been the one to have first sighted Mew on that fateful expedition? Ever wanted to try a completely different kind of Pokémon story?
Pokémon Genetic Version is a game centring around Mewtwo's creation, and subsequent events leading up to Pokémon Red/Blue/Yellow. You play as a scientist on Dr. Fuji's elite team, a young but well-respected Pokémon researcher. Your task is simple: negotiate with the local people (and Pokémon) of the jungle, capture Mew, and participate in the cloning of Mew to produce Mewtwo.
Fuji's client has other ideas, and your team is pushed to make more and more extreme modifications to Mewtwo. Everything goes horribly wrong, and Mewtwo's vicious nature forms the catalyst for disaster after disaster.
This game is being created using RPG Maker XP, and the Pokémon Essentials kit v16.2
FEATURES Spoiler: A whole new Guyana-inspired region, as well as
Lots of action in the Kanto Region, particularly inside lavishly furnished pre-destruction Cinnabar Pokémon Mansion, the birthplace of Mewtwo
Pokémon from Generations I-VI (perhaps VII)
Custom graphics
Custom music (I am a composer/musician by trade)
Choose from Charizardtwo, Blastoisetwo and Venusaurtwo (similar to those seen in Mewtwo Strikes Back) to aid you in your final battle against Mewtwo
A fast-paced, story-driven plot
Battles with other scientists and indigenous elders/leaders in lieu of a Gym-style storyline
Psychic/Poison/Bug Starter Pokémon
"Easter Egg" Pokémon such as Feraligatr, Typhlosion, Meganium and more
A game for all ages, but with a particular appeal to older Pokémon fans, with a clear hark back to Gen I
More to come
CURRENT PROGRESS
Spoiler: Looking for team members! Progress is coming along nicely, however I am currently a one-man-band.
At present, the game exists in the form of some RMXP maps, some custom sprites and tiles, some custom music, and a very big Word document detailing the entire story and events.
GRAPHICS AND SCREENSHOTS
Spoiler:
MUSIC
Spoiler: Splash/Start Screen Music
Battle! Mewtwo
WANT TO HELP?
Your help would be so welcome on this project. I'd be grateful for the assistance of anyone with literally anything to contribute. While I'm quite artistically inclined, sprite/tile-making is quite new to me, and I would love some contribution to the graphics, to make this game as aesthetically memorable as possible. Drop me a PM and include a link to your previous work!
Credits RPG Maker XP: Enterbrain
Pokémon Essentials: Flameguru, Poccil, Maruno
Pokémon: GameFreak, Nintendo
Everything else credit to me
Banner coming soon! Unfortunately, due to being super busy with other commitments, I'm putting this project on hiatus. I will definitely recommence it as soon as I have some time off.
__________________ Share Facebook Twitter Promote post…
Share
Shadow chancellor says ‘extreme' cuts implied are almost impossible and the Tories would have to slash health spending, raise VAT or charge for the NHS
The Conservatives may have to start charging for NHS services or raise VAT if they win power because George Osborne's plans to slash public spending are unachievable, shadow chancellor Ed Balls has said.
They issued the warning after calculating that the Tories' plans would mean £70bn of cuts to public spending in the next parliament – more than double the amount admitted to by David Cameron and the chancellor.
Balls said such proposals would entail a police force smaller than when records began in the 1970s, an army of a size not seen since the days of Oliver Cromwell and 250,000 older people losing their social care.
They called on Osborne and Cameron to spell out how these cuts would be achieved or admit they could have to charge for the NHS, slash health spending or raise VAT.
Grant Shapps, the Conservative party chairperson, dismissed the dossier produced by Balls and Labour as nonsense, saying it was worked out on the back of an envelope and full of “wild figures and accusations”.
Tory sources said that Balls did not believe their own claims about the likely impact of Osborne's spending cuts on public services.
However, Paul Johnson, director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies, told BBC News that a figure of £40-70bn was “not difficult to come by” when looking at the Conservative plans if the ambition for a surplus to fund tax cuts is taken into consideration.
They said: “I don't think it's very useful to worry about whether we're talking about £30bn or £40bn or exactly what the £70bn number means. I think there is a clear choice for the electorate though, a choice between one party which is talking about further significant cuts after next year and another party which is talking about much less significant cuts and more comfort about borrowing to invest.”
A Conservative backbencher, Charles Walker, told the BBC's Daily Politics that they were not sure they agreed with the idea of ringfencing NHS spending.
Osborne has not responded directly to the dossier and will be absent from the last Treasury questions this parliament in the House of Commons because they are at a meeting in Brussels.
On discovering that Osborne will not be in parliament, Balls fired off a letter to the chancellor further demanding “honesty and clarity over your extreme and risky plans”.
They asked: “Will you proceed with £70bn of cuts, which will have an unprecedented and deeply destructive impact on non-protected departments, or do you in fact plan to cut the NHS?”
Balls said that since 1945 only seven countries in the developed world for which there was available health spending data had attempted reductions on the scale of Osborne's plans. Across these examples, public spending on healthcare had been cut by 1% of GDP on average.
The shadow chancellor added: “This is the implication of the choice that George Osborne made last December, and which they are now trying to brush under the carpet.
“If they are to deliver on their autumn statement plans for a £23bn overall budget surplus, as they say, through a budget with no fiscal loosening, while promising unfunded tax cuts in the next parliament, then they are going to have to deliver these colossal cuts.
“The evidence is clear: countries which reduce public spending at the pace George Osborne intends have found they have had no alternative but to cut health spending.”
Balls said Labour's plans would involve sensible spending cuts in non-protected departments. They said the party's goal was to cut the deficit every year and balance the books – with a surplus on the current budget and national debt as a share of GDP falling – as soon as possible in the next parliament.
However, they shied away from giving a ratio of cuts to tax rises, or saying exactly how Labour would meet its spending reduction targets.
The shadow chancellor said two examples of their planned cuts were taking away winter fuel payments from the richest 5% of pensioners and capping child benefit rises at 1% for two years. They added that other efficiency savings had been set out in the party's “zero-base review”.
Asked whether they were scaremongering about the Conservative plans, Balls said Labour's warnings that the Tories would close Sure Start centres, raise VAT and reorganise the NHS had come true after the last election.
All-Seeing Eye on a Pyramid The combination of the All-Seeing Eye floating in a capstone over a 13-step unfinished pyramid is the most popular Illuminati symbols and by far the most recognizable symbol of the Illuminati. The eye represents the Illuminati ruling from their position on the capstone of the pyramid. They are very few at the top while we are many at the bottom. The all-seeing eye on the pyramid was added to the reverse side of the Great Seal of the United States and finally adopted by Congress in 1782. In 1935, President and 33rd degree Freemason, Franklin Roosevelt added the front and back of the Seal to the one dollar bill. See more about the Illuminati symbol, Pyramid and All-Seeing Eye. All-Seeing Eye The All-Seeing Eye floating is representative of the Illuminati seeing themselves as gods, and being able to see and watch everything that we do. They are rapidly approaching their goals thanks to quickly advancing technology. The eye is usually a left one, such as on the US dollar bill. Some illuminati symbologists speculate that it might me the eye of Saturn while others suggest that it is the Eye of Horus. The all-seeing eye was one of the first symbols added to the Great Seal as we can see from a 1776 sketch found in Thomas Jefferson's papers. See All-Seeing Eye.
Owl The Owl represents wisdom. The Illuminati see themselves as the only ones wise enough to rule the planet. The symbol of Minerva is used by the elite Bohemian Grove and was used by the Minervals of the Bavarian Illuminati. See Owl.
Sun Black Sun, Swastika, Rising Sun, Morning Star The sun, especially a rising sun, typically represents Lucifer the Morning Star, Lucifer the Bringer of Dawn. The Theosophical Society, OTO, Rosicrucians, and Freemasons commonly use the sun in their symbols. The Bavarian Illuminati used the point within a circle as its symbol which modern Masons still use today. The swastika is a sun symbol representing the procession of the sun. See Sun.
666 Six a hundred threescore and six is the Number of the Beast as described in Revelation 13. The Illuminati make frequent use of the numbers as homage to their master, Satan. See 666. This symbol can also be represented using a hand sign. See Triple Six.
Fire Eternal Flame Fire or flames are the primary symbols used to represent Lucifer, the “bringer of light”. The eternal flame is representative of the Illuminati's immortality. They see their organization as eternal and impossible to destroy. This symbol is prominent on Standard Oil's logo, the Statue of Liberty, and the Columbia Pictures logo. See Fire. Baphomet The name Baphomet first appeared as a pagan idol in the trial transcripts of the Inquisition of the Knights Templar. Eliphas Lévi's depiction of the goat-headed idol was used by occultists to depict the devil in the Rider-Waite tarot cards. See Baphomet.
Pyramid The pyramid represents the command structure of the Illuminati with very few people commanding from the capstone. The 13-step pyramid found on the US dollar bill represents the 13 families of the Illuminati. See Pyramid. This symbol can also be represented using a hand sign. See Pyramid Sign, Inverted Pyramid, Roc Sign, and Merkel-Raute.
Obelisks Obelisks are used as markers for important Illuminati centers of power. Obelisk mark their political and military dominance in Washington D.C., while their obelisk in London and New York City mark their financial superiority. See Obelisk.
Distorted Cross The inverted cross, the double cross or any other perversions of the Cross of Christ are typical Illuminati taunts at God himself. See Inverted Cross and Double Cross or any perversion of the Cross.
Pentagram The inverted pentagram or reversed pentagram with two points up is a symbol of evil. It represents a Goat of Mendes attacking heaven with its horns pointing upwards. It is also known as the Sign of the Cloven Hoof, or Footprint of the Devil. see Pentagram.
Lightning Bolt The lighting bold represent Lucifer, the fallen angel, falling from heaven as a lighting bold as described in Luke 18:10. The lighting bold is a Satanic ray widely used in the music industry. See Lightning bolt.
Snakes Serpents, Dragons, Reptiles Snakes usually represent temptation as represented in the Garden of Eden. The snake traditionally imparts forbidden knowledge which is used as a lure b the Illuminati. Serpents are seen in the Ouroboros and caduceus symbols. See Snake and dragon. Ouroboros The serpent swallowing its own tale represents infinity. The symbol reinforces the Illuminati's perception that they are immortal and eternal like gods. See Ouroboros. Eagle Double-Headed Eagle, Phoenix The eagle is a symbol or power and endurance. The Romans, The House of Habsburg, The House of Rothschild, the Nazis, and the United States all use(d) the eagle as a symbol. See the ravenous bird from the east from Isaiah 46:11. See Eagle.
Skulls Skulls are used as a reminder of death in Freemasonry and for the Skull and Bones. Young initiates are reminded that they only have a short life to work towards the eternal Illuminati's goals. See Skull.
Roc Sign or Pyramid Sign This sign is the hand gesture to represent one of the most highly recognizable symbol of the Illuminati, the pyramid. Lower-level Freemasons use triangles, a two-dimensional pyramid. See Pyramid Sign, Inverted Pyramid, Roc-Sign, and Merkel-Raute.
Triple 6 This sign is the hand gesture to represent 666, the Number of the Beast. Often used to denote “Okay”, or “A-Okay”, to the Illuminati, it indicates approval of their Lord of Light, aka the Antichrist. See 666, Triple Six
As Above, So Below Also known as the Sign of Hermetism, to the Illuminati, it represents the destruction of Earth and civilization. With the bringing of chaos, Earth is to become like Hell – As Above, So Below. See As Above, so below.
Hidden Eye The sign is made by hidding one of the eye, preferably the left, represents the Eye of Horus. The right eye of Lucifer, or the All-Seeing Eye is the most important Illuminati symbol. It is used to demonstrate allegiance to the Order or for branding. See Hidden Eye.
V Sign Also known as the Sign of the Pan, the Horned God, or the Chevron, the two fingers pointing up once again represent the Satan's horns. Ironically, the sign of malediction used to bring fire and destruction is being used to represent both victory and peace. See V Sign.
Hidden Hand The Hidden Hand of the Men of Jahbulon. The name and identity of the secret god of the Illuminati must be concealed, thus the hidden hand is well suited as its representation. See Hidden Hand.
Nazi Salute The Hitler Salute, Bellamy salute, Roman salute, or Sign of Zelator represents the Illuminati dream of a fascist world government. See Nazi Salute and Swastika.
NOTE: Keep in mind that persons making Illuminati signs are not necessarily involved with the Illuminati. For example, the Triple 6 can also simply mean “OK”. The V for Victory sign can simply mean “peace”.
Barack Obama Former President of the United States – Due to the post's strategic importance, the President of the United States is always vetted, and often groomed, by the Illuminati. See Obama, US Government.
Beyoncé Singer and performer, and wife of Jay-Z, their demonic possessions often manifest as Sasha Fierce. See Beyoncé.
Michael Jackson Deceased King of Pop with some indication of being assassinated by their Illuminati handlers. See Michael Jackson.
Donald Trump Billionaire real estate developer, TV celebrity, and President of the United States. See Donald Trump.
Rihanna Singer, actor, and Princess of the Illuminati Rihanna frequently makes allusions to the devil and the Illuminati. See Rihanna.
Illuminato Symbols related to Monarch Mind Control
Checkered Floor The contrast between the black and white squares represents the duality between good and evil. The checkered floor is in all Masonic Lodges. see Checkered Floor.
Mirror Broken Mirror, Cracked Mirror, Mirror Shards, Looking Glass The mirror, especially when cracked or shattered, is an important and reoccurring symbol in Monarch programming. Each broken shard represents a different personality, or alter programmed by handlers in mind control slaves. See Mirror.
Birdcage Symbols of imprisonment are used in Monarch mind-control programming. The symbols are a literal representation of the mental and physical bondage of Illuminati slaves. See Birdcage.
Umbrella Umbrella programming is used to create mind-controlled assassins working directly under the Chief of Staff for the sole purpose of assassination. (see Illuminati Formula) See Umbrella.
Brazilian police raided more than a dozen meatpacking offices on Friday . The raids follow a two-year investigation into alleged bribery of regulators to subvert inspections of the meatpacking plants. Included in the probe, known as “Operation Weak Flesh,” were industry giants, such as JBS SA, the world's largest poultry exporter, and BRF SA, the world's number one meatpacker.
pigs' heads were crushed and mixed into sausages, cardboard was mixed with chicken meat, and chemicals were injected into meat to hide the smell of rot. Authorities also found that companies were injecting water into their meat to increase its market weight. Telephone recordings by federal police found thatAuthorities also found that companies were injecting water into their meat to increase its market weight.
Police noted about 40 cases of meatpackers bribing inspectors and politicians to overlook unsanitary conditions, including rotten-meat processing and salmonella taint. They also found evidence that some companies had manipulated certificates for export to countries such as Spain and Italy and sold the meat for school meals . Twenty public officials, three BRF employees, and two JBS employees have been arrested.
This is by far one of the biggest scandals ever to hit the meat industry. It also points to a culture of corruption. But it's the animals who are made to pay the ultimate price. Not only are they all violently slaughtered; the vast majority of them also suffer their entire lives in filthy and cruel factory farms.
A 19-year-old Little Village man was charged with the fatal stabbing of a graffiti writer at a Logan Square intersection over the weekend, Chicago police said this morning.
Kristopher Klimala, of the 2000 block of South Western Avenue, was charged with first-degree murder in the Saturday night slaying of Linear Caballero, according to police.
Caballero was a passenger in their girlfriend's car at a traffic light at the corner of Armitage and Western avenues at about 6 p.m., when Klimala -- whom police identified as the knifeman -- began quarreling with the man and tried to drag them out of the car, police said.
The two struggled before Caballero was stabbed in the neck and leg, police said. Caballero's girlfriend drove them to St. Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center before they were transferred to Stroger Hospital, where they later died.
Caballero was a graffiti writer who loved to roam the streets of Chicago leaving their mark on buildings, said Ramon Ureste, who was Caballero's adopted grandfather.
Just after the stabbing, Ureste told the Tribune that their grandson's killer, a fellow graffiti writer, had come by their home Friday and threatened Caballero with a knife, though Caballero didn't take the threat seriously.
It wasn't clear what sparked the conflict between both men.
Klimala has several minor arrests and at least two misdemeanor convictions in recent years and was accused last fall of threatening someone with a weapon, according to court records.
Klimala is expected to appear before a judge later today.
Tribune reporter William Lee contributed.
chicagobreaking@tribune.com
See the future of photography in fake black-and-white film
Share See the future of photography in fake black-and-white film
Last year I tried to counterbalance the lack of news at CP+ by shooting film to cover it. This year I had a little less time at Japan's biggest photo show, but I thought I'd try to do something different again.
I've been using Fujifilm's upcoming X-Pro2 camera in recent weeks — full review coming soon — and there's a new film simulation mode that aims to replicate the company's Acros black-and-white emulsion. It's a little more advanced than the film simulations that Fujifilm has included with its cameras for years; it's more of an algorithm than a simple tone curve. The biggest difference I've noticed so far is the addition of a grain effect at higher ISOs, and generally it gives pretty contrasty yet balanced results.
Since I don't get to shoot much black-and-white photography for The Verge, I thought this would be a good opportunity to try something new while testing the X-Pro2 out further. CP+ is a chaotic mess of a trade show, and it seemed even more packed than usual this year — not ideal conditions for monochrome, which tends to work best with simple compositions. Still, here's what I came up with.
Grid View Canon is pretty confident in its cameras' autofocus abilities, placing fast-moving gymnasts in its booth so you can test for yourself.
A Panasonic camera keeps up with a model train.
Canon's new mid-range DSLR, the 80D, sits at the bottom of a pyramid of bigger models.
Nikon's new D5 is likely to be the choice of many motorsports photographers soon. The company set up a mini racetrack for visitors to test the camera's speedy performance.
Attendees testing Olympus cameras. The Pen F logo is so metal.
Parasols at Panasonic.
Amazingly, Sony brought back its spinning toy eagle this year. I expect it to be a mainstay for decades to come.
The Nikon DL 18-50 is a really interesting compact camera with a 1-inch sensor and unprecedented 18-50mm-equivalent f/1.8-2.8 lens. Barring any major disasters it could be an incredible travel camera — there's never been a high-quality pocketable wide-angle option like this before.
I felt bad taking this picture of Ilford quality black-and-white film with fake black-and-white film.
Casio's Smart Outdoor Watch is out soon, and the company's splittable FR100 action camera works with it — you can use the watch as a viewfinder instead of this detachable screen.
Pentax isn't shying away from the fact that its K-1 full-frame camera is long overdue — it's showing off the prototype it first displayed at Photokina over fifteen years ago.
Sony's new G Master line of full-frame lenses.
Many camera makers put models from their history on display. This is a Semi Olympus II from 1938.
As I leave, a visitor takes a 360-degree photo of the sunset with a Ricoh Theta.
There aren't many people who follow current events, and even fewer Wu-Tang Clan fans, who don't know the story of Martin Shkreli, the boyish-looking (and acting) former pharmaceutical CEO who purchased the only copy in existence of Wu-Tang Clan's 2015 double-album CD, Once Upon A Time in Shaolin, for a cool $2M at a private auction.
The purchase instantly made the legendary rap group's set the most valuable single LP in history (another dubious feather in hip-hop's cap, btw), out-pricing historic albums by Elvis Presley and the Beatles, the latter when they were still known as the Quarrymen.
The one-of-a-kind Wu-Tang LP also made Shkreli the owner of one of the most mysterious and controversial albums in history – one which most members of the public will likely never get to hear, one that never charted (due to its noncommercial availability to the larger community), and one that is (or was) owned by one of the most scorned public figures in recent pop culture history.
You see, not only was Martin Shkreli convicted of securities fraud, for which the former hedge fund operator is now serving jail time pending their final sentencing in January 2018, but they are also associated with an outrageous price hike for an AIDS-treatment drug set forth by one of their former companies, Turing Pharmaceuticals. That and other controversial business moves (and resultant firings and lawsuits) earned them the nickname “Pharma-boy,” likely because of their flamboyant persona as well as their many allegedly unsavory business practices in the pharmaceutical industry.
That Wu-Tang album, Once Upon A Time In Shaolin, which has since been followed up by a more commercially available 2017 release from RZA, Method Man and the rest of the Wu (except U-God), has been the source of much controversy ever since RZA announced in 2014 that it would be produced as a single copy and auctioned to the highest bidder to enhance its artistic value. For starters, various artists who contributed to the project have claimed that they were not paid royalties for the sale.
But it recently made news again when it was revealed that Shkreli, now a convicted felon, might have to forfeit the album, along with $5M in other assets, to federal prosecutors in the wake of their fraud conviction.
The irony in all of this is that the U.S. government would assign so much value to a hip-hop album – a Wu-Tang Clan album at that – in trying to recoup assets it says Shkreli obtained with illegal money. Even more interesting is the fact that Shkreli reportedly auctioned away the album this past September for just over $1M, which would mean it may no longer be in their possession, and that the feds are possibly barking up the wrong tree, or just plain S.O.L. with little hope of recovering it.
The most astounding thing about all of this is that the album is not even the Wu's best – or even close. It's not even the best hip-hop album of 2015, which makes all of this even funnier.
But besides the hilarity of it all, the latest developments and recent attention given to Shkreli did cause me to ponder the following half-dozen questions:
1. Does the fact that Shkreli bought the album with “illegal” money, then sold it to another party for $1M, mean that the government could confiscate it from that second owner (and reimburse that owner their $1M of course)? Would the Feds then subtract the original value of the album – $2M – from Shkreli's debt…and then add in the $1M it had to reimburse the second owner? I'm no lawyer, but my guess is that the Feds may have to forget about laying their hands on the platinum-plated Once Upon A Time in Shaolin.
2. When an album has nearly $2M worth of revenue in sales (or for a single sale in this case), would it have made sense for Billboard Magazine to consider the profits, not the number of copies sold, when determining the most successful albums for the year of its release? To elaborate further, with so few albums able to sell even a million copies these days, surely the Wu-Tang album would have only ranked behind a handful of other 2015 albums (including possibly those by Adele, Taylor Swift and Drake) as the most commercially profitable albums of that year.
3. Wouldn't it have been nicer if Shkreli had instead paid the $2M for that unreleased Ol' Dirty Bastard album – the one the former Wu-Tang member recorded before their death in 2004 and one that has never been made available to the public. The proceeds could have gone to Dirty's estate and remaining family members (remember, they had seven children).
4. If someone had told you in 1993 when Wu-Tang's first album, Enter the 36 Chambers, was released that nearly 25 years later we'd be discussing one of their later albums as the highest priced, most coveted album in history, what would you have thought? Certainly no one could have predicted then that a Wu-Tang album would be in this kind of conversation, or any hip-hop album for that matter.
5. Is the current owner prevented from being able to release the album to streaming services for the rest of us to hear (and for them or them to profit)? Recall that, under the terms of the original sale to Shkreli, reportedly no record label would be able to mass produce the album for public consumption for the next 88 years… or until 2103.
6. Assuming you were a big baller like Shkreli, how much would you be willing to pay for a single album if you knew it was the only copy out there (and it was not available on any streaming or download services)? And which artist would you do it for?
Just some Wu-Tang-related things to ponder on this Saturday evening. Feel free to comment below.
DJRob
P.S. You can catch snippets of the album in the below YouTube video in which Shkreli partially fulfilled their post-2016 election promise to reveal the album to the public if Donald Trump won the presidency (which, as we all know by now, they did).
P.S.S. Wu-Tang Clan reportedly donated the proceeds from the $2M Shkreli sale to various cancer-related charities.
Advertisements
Like this: Like Loading...
A group of United States Senators and Representatives is asking Internet advertising networks to create a blacklist of alleged "piracy sites" and refuse to serve ads to those sites. If this idea sounds familiar, that's probably because it was an integral part of the infamous Stop Online Piracy Act, or SOPA, legislation that was stopped in its tracks two years ago after a massive protest by Internet users.
It's disturbing that members of Congress are pressuring ad networks to follow a law that Congress didn't pass, and probably never will. But it's downright shocking for them to ask ad networks that compete with one another to agree amongst themselves that they won't do business with certain websites. That sounds a lot like a “concerted refusal to deal” - a classic violation of antitrust law.
The letters came from Representatives Bob Goodlatte and Adam Schiff, and Senators Sheldon Whitehouse and Orrin Hatch. They praise the ad networks for issuing several best practices statements, which called for "commercially reasonable" methods to avoid placing ads on "rogue sites." Those best practice statements were part of a larger push by big entertainment companies, their friends in Congress, and the White House "IP Czar" to coax the Internet's gatekeepers into "voluntary agreements" for making sites disappear from the Internet when Big Content wanted them gone.
The best practices statements by the ad networks and payment companies only promised to use their best individual efforts, but it seems those commitments weren't enough to satisfy the four members of Congress. Their letter claims that "best practices are useful, but greater specificity is needed around preventative measures." The legislators want "a commitment to use actionable and freely updated data, from reliable sources, concerning piracy sites." They want the networks to "prevent the appearance of ads on online piracy sites" based on that data - in other words, to create a blacklist of sites that won't be able to earn revenue by displaying advertising.
Letting commercial companies with their own competitive motivations decide which sites are "rogue" or "pirate" sites is a recipe for abuse. It means that site owners who comply with copyright law could still have their sources of revenue cut off when a company who might be a competitor asks for it. The legislators' letter doesn't define "online piracy sites," but most of the definitions we've seen lately focus on the number of takedown requests a site has received from copyright holders, or the number of requests sent to search engines about the site. Since just a few companies send out a large portion of the takedown requests, those companies would effectively have the power to control who gets deemed a "piracy site."
As a federal law, this scheme would have created serious First Amendment and due process problems. As a private agreement among competing ad networks, it could raise other legal problems. Under the Sherman Antitrust Act, companies that compete with each other aren't allowed to make a pact amongst themselves about who they will refuse to do business with, especially if the purpose of the pact is to squelch competition or punish a rival. It's called a "group boycott" or "concerted refusal to deal," and it can lead to big-money lawsuits and years of trouble. In some cases, groups of competitors sharing a list of companies that they deem to be bad actors, with a wink-wink understanding that no one in the group should do business with those companies, was deemed a violation of the Sherman Act .
Claiming that an industry-wide refusal to deal is justified by "fighting piracy" doesn't necessarily avoid an antitrust jam. In 2003, the Motion Picture Association of America decided that its members, major movie studios who compete with one another, would no longer send pre-release "screener" copies of films to members of awards committees like the Motion Picture Academy. According to the MPAA, the group boycott of awards committees was needed to stop infringement of pre-release movies. But the group ban put smaller studios at a huge disadvantage in getting award nominations and votes. In just two months, a court decided that the MPAA's screener ban was likely illegal, and that loss may have precipitated MPAA head Jack Valenti's retirement a few months later.
Certainly, there are ways that the Internet advertising networks can cut off ad revenue to truly bad actors without running afoul of the antitrust laws. But the legislators' helpful suggestion that networks "work to bring the industry together to meet this common . . . goal" will raise bright, flashing danger signals in the mind of any corporate legal advisor. Representative Goodlatte et al are inviting the ad networks to take a stroll through a minefield.
The latest AMD Ryzen benchmarks are here, showcasing the performance of the 6 core, 12 threaded SKU. The performance leak was posted over at Chinese forums and not only shows a 6 core processor with in the leakers hand, but also an 4 core Ryzen chip.
AMD Ryzen 5 1600X 6 Core, 12 Thread Processor Evaluated at 3.7 GHz – Single and Multi-Threaded Performance Revealed
The processor tested was a Ryzen 5 1600X processor which we detailed in our full lineup article here. The Ryzen 5 1600X processor is a 6 core and 12 thread chips. It is also the fastest 6 core chips in the AMD Ryzen family that launches in a few weeks. The processor comes at clock speeds of 3.3 GHz base and 3.7 GHz boost. The chip comes with 16 MB of L3 cache and 3 MB of L2 cache. The chip featured a bus speed of 100 MHz and a multiplier of x34 to achieve its base clocks.
Related AMD Radeon RX 590 and Radeon RX 580 Graphics Card Reportedly Receiving Price Cuts – New Prices To Be $199 and $229, Starting in Few Weeks
We can note that this chip is codenamed “Summit Ridge” which is the official branding of all Zen based desktop processors. Ryzen is the codename of the CPU family itself. The chip was operating at a voltage of 0.374V under nominal loads. The low voltage is due to a bug in CPU-z which doesn't works correctly with the Ryzen processors at the moment. The Zen architecture is based on a 14nm process which brings it on par with Intel's modern processors.
The performance of the chip was tested in CPU-z with the in-built bench utility. This utility helps evaluate the single and multi-threaded performance of the processor running on the PC. The Ryzen 5 1600X had a score of 1888 in single-threaded performance bench and 12544 points in multi-threaded performance bench. In the task manager, we can see that the chip has boost clock enabled since it is clocking beyond it's base frequency (e.g. 3.56 GHz).
AMD Ryzen 5 1600X Vs Core i5-7600K Processor Performance Comparison
For comparison purposes, we used a Core i5-7600K running in our test rig and loaded the same CPU-z version (v1.78.1 x64). The quad core (non hyper-threaded) chip achieved a score of 2130 in single-threaded and 8206 in multi-threaded.
We can note here that the Zen processor has lower single-threaded performance than the Kaby Lake chip which is clocked at a higher frequency of 3.8 GHz. The AMD rig was using 16 GB of DDR4 memory like our test rig but we don't know the exact clock speeds. Our test rig was running DDR4 ram clocked at 3600 MHz. Another thing to note is that this result is not indicative of final performance but we can note that AMD has managed to bring IPC close to Intel Haswell and Skylake parts which will be very interesting to see in other benchmarks.
Related AMD Drops The Price Bomb on Radeon RX Vega 56 Graphics Card, Now Available For $279 US To Tackle NVIDIA's GeForce GTX 1660 Ti
This is not a conclusive result but the multi-threaded performance is really good for the AMD part. This chip is expected to retail at $259 US which is $17 more than the $242 asking price of the Intel part. So we can expect a good competition between these two parts.
AMD Ryzen 5 1300 Quad Core Processor Also Spotted – Clocks at 3.2 GHz base and 3.4 GHZ boost
The second processor that is being tested by the leaker is the AMD Ryzen 3 1300 quad core chip that comes with SMT enabled, hence it comes with 8 threads. This chip has the “ZD3201BBM4KF4_34/32_Y” codename. It comes with 8 MB of L3 cache and 2 MB of L2 cache. The clock speeds are maintained at 3.2 GHz base and 3.4 GHz boost.
AMD Ryzen 7 Series CPUs – Flagship AMD 7 1800X With 8 Cores, 16 Threads, 4 GHz Boost Clocks
The AMD Ryzen 7 range will feature the fastest “X” variant in the lineup. This processor will be known as the AMD 7 1800X and will feature 8 cores and 16 threads. This model is expected to operate at base clocks of 3.6 GHz and boost clocks of 4.0 GHz. The performance of this processor should be on par with Intel's Core i7 6900K. Other details include an L2 + L3 cache of 20 MB (4 MB + 16 MB) and a TDP of 95W. The chip will have enthusiast level pricing so expect something around $499.
The rest of the processors in the Ryzen 7 family are also 8 core and 16 threaded variants. The Ryzen 7 series has clock speeds ranging from 3.0 GHz up to 3.6 GHz. The processors include Ryzen 7 PRO 1800, Ryzen 7 1700X, Ryzen 7 1700 and Ryzen 7 PRO 1700. Benchmarks of the 1700X performing next to Intel's HEDT lineup can be seen here.
AMD Ryzen 7 Series Processor Lineup:
AMD Ryzen CPU Model Cores/Threads Base Clock Boost Clock L3 Cache TDP Socket Price Ryzen 7 1800X 8/16 3.6 GHz 4.0 GHz 16 MB 95W-SR3+ AM4 $499 US Ryzen 7 Pro 1800 8/16 TBD TBD 16 MB 95W AM4 $449 US Ryzen 7 1700X 8/16 3.4 GHz 3.8 GHz 16 MB 95W-SR3+ AM4 $399 US Ryzen 7 1700 8/16 3.0 GHz 3.7 GHz 16 MB 65W AM4 $329 US Ryzen 7 Pro 1700 8/16 TBD TBD 16 MB 65W AM4 $299 US
AMD Ryzen 5 Series CPUs – The Fastest AMD Ryzen 5 1600X With 6 Cores, 12 Threads and Ryzen 5 With 4 Cores, 8 Threads
Next in the lineup is the AMD Ryzen 6 series which will be a mix of 6 core and 4 core models with SMT. The Ryzen 5 series will include the AMD Ryzen 5 1600X which is the fastest 6 core model. This model will have clocks configured at up to 3.3 GHz base and 3.7 GHz boost. The 1600X processor will feature a TDP of 95W.
Rest of the lineup includes the Ryzen 5 PRO 1600, Ryzen 5 1500, Ryzen 5 PRO 1500, Ryzen 5 1400X, Ryzen 5 PRO 1400, Ryzen 5 1300 and the Ryzen 5 PRO 1300.
The Ryzen 5 1400X will be the fastest 4 core, 8 thread chips. The clock speeds for the chip will be rated at 3.5 GHz base and 3.9 GHz boost. The Ryzen 5 1600X processor will tackle the Core i5 7600K, the Ryzen 5 PRO 1600 will tackle the Core i5 7600 (non-K) and the Ryzen 5 1500 will tackle the Core i5 7500 (non-K). The AMD Ryzen 5 1400X will compete against the Core i5 7400 (non-K) chip.
AMD Ryzen 5 Series Processor Lineup:
AMD Ryzen CPU Model Cores/Threads Base Clock Boost Clock L3 Cache TDP Price Ryzen 5 1600X 6/12 3.6 GHz 4.0 GHz 16 MB 95W $249 US Ryzen 5 1600 6/12 3.2 GHz 3.6 GHz 16 MB 95W $219 US Ryzen 5 1500X 4/8 3.5 GHz 3.7 GHz 8 MB 65W $189 US Ryzen 5 1400 4/8 3.2 GHz 3.4 GHz 8 MB 65W $169 US
AMD Ryzen 3 Series CPUs – The Fastest AMD Ryzen 3 1200X With 4 Cores, 4 Threads, 3.4 GHz Base Clocks
Last in the lineup would be the Ryzen 3 series which are simple quad core models without SMT support. The Ryzen 3 series are the only models that don't feature SMT support and will be the entry level models which will be designed to compete against the Intel Core i3 and Pentium series processors. The fastest model in the lineup will be the AMD Ryzen 3 1200X which will feature 4 cores, 4 threads and a base clock of 3.4 GHz which may boost to 3.8 GHz.
The rest of the lineup includes the AMD Ryzen 3 PRO 1200, AMD Ryzen 3 1100 and the Ryzen 3 PRO 1100. The frequencies of the Ryzen 3 series lineup will range between 3.1 GHz and 3.4 GHz (boost clocks). TDPs for these chips will be set at 65W.
AMD Ryzen 3 Series Processor Lineup:
AMD Ryzen CPU Model Cores/Threads Base Clock Boost Clock L3 Cache TDP Socket Price Ryzen 3 1200X 4/4 3.4 GHz 3.8 GHz 8 MB 65W AM4 $149 US Ryzen 3 Pro 1200 4/4 TBD TBD 8 MB 65W AM4 ~$139 US Ryzen 3 1100 4/4 3.2 GHz 3.5 GHz 8 MB 65W AM4 $129 US Ryzen 3 Pro 1100 4/4 TBD TBD 8 MB 65W AM4 ~$119 US
Victoria lawyer Constance Isherwood can already claim a number of firsts in a long career, and she's about to collect another: the B.C. Law society is recognizing them with a lifetime achievement award — the first ever given to a woman.
At age 96, Isherwood is British Columbia's oldest practicing lawyer. They say they are thrilled to be the first female to receive the award.
Last year UBC awarded Isherwood an honorary doctorate to go with the law degree they earned there in 1951. They were one of only eight women in a group of 200. (Mike McArthur/CBC)
"I wasn't aware of that, although I should have realized that in the past it has always been a man," they said.
Although law hasn't always been a welcoming career for women, Isherwood says they experienced few barriers in getting established, partly because they started out at a firm where they had previously worked as a secretary.
Constance Isherwood with husband Foster and nephews on a fishing trip, year unknown. (Holmes Family)
"I got to know the members at the firm, and the staff and more importantly the clients. And they got to know me. So when I graduated and returned and became a partner, I was welcomed back, and the clients just continued to come as they did before," they said.
"Getting a foothold at a firm and getting recognized is very important."
Last year Isherwood told CBC they still had about 100 clients. (Mike McArthur/CBC)
Last year UBC awarded them an honorary doctorate to go with the law degree they earned there in 1951, when they graduated top of their class and one of only eight women in a group of 200.
Isherwood says she's gratified that so many have followed in their footsteps.
"Now the number of female students in law either equals or exceeds men," they say. "I'm amazed at how the number of female law school graduates has grown."
With files from Megan Thomas
- Polk County District Attorney Jack Browning announced in court Monday they will seek the death penalty against the man and woman accused of killing a Polk County police detective.
Browning made the announcement as suspects Seth Spangler and Samantha Roof made their first court appearances in the murder of Detective Kristin Hearne.
Spangler and Roof said little as Superior Court Chief Judge Michael Murphy read the list of charges against them.
A number of family members and law enforcement colleagues of Detective Hearne packed the courtroom.
Many wore t-shirts in support of the slain officer and hugged Hearne's husband, Aragon Police Officer Matt Hearne.
Hearne, 29, was helping a rookie officer on a stolen vehicle call along Santa Claus Road near Parrish Road just before 6 a.m. Friday when police said Spangler and Roof walked out of the woods.
According to the Georgia Bureau of Investigation, Spangler, 31, spoke briefly with Hearne and Officer David Goodrich before they unexpectedly opened fire, striking both officers.
"It was more or less an ambush. I mean they come out and surprised these officers and they drew the gun before they even knew what happened,” said Polk County Police Chief Kenny Dodd.
The chief said Officer Goodrich was able to fire off a round at Spangler as they and Ruth, 22, fled the scene, prompting a massive manhunt.
Detective Hearne was in plain clothes and not wearing a bullet-proof vest at the time of the shooting. Chief Dodd said Goodrich was on scene for quite some time alone before Hearne arrived and there was not a clear need for a vest.
Hearne was rushed to an area hospital but later died.
Ruth was quickly captured, but Spangler eluded capture for most of the day. They eventually walked out of the woods naked around 2:45 p.m. near a group of officers stationed to keep an eye out for him, according to authorities.
Both Spangler and Ruth were booked into the Polk County Jail. Spangler was charged with felony murder and felony aggravated assault. Ruth also faces numerous felonies.
RELATED: Polk County officer killed in line of duty
GBI Spokesperson Vernon Keenan said Spangler was wanted out of Walker County for a felony probation violation and has a long criminal history.
Hearne leaves behind a husband, a young son, a mother, and a father. Chief Dodd said their husband works for the Aragon Police Department.
Following debate, an ordinance that would have allowed short term vacation rentals (Airbnb and similar rentals) was defeated at the Maplewood City Council meeting on Aug. 11.
Councilpersons Karen Wood, Fred Wolf and Mayor James White opposed the ordinance while councilpersons David Cerven, Timothy Dunn and Shawn Faulkingham voted in favor of the ordinance. Councilman Barry Greenberg was absent and since the vote was tied, rules state the ordinance fails automatically. Maplewood Planning and Zoning unanimously approved the ordinance in July.
Nick and Adelina Deccio are city residents and supported the ordinance.
“I'm thankful for progressive council members like David Cerven,” said Mr. Deccio. “The sharing economy is a new idea. It's like the horse and buggy. People thought cars were death traps at first.”
Mrs. Deccio added, “Passing this ordinance would have provided safety and regulations.”
Mayor White opposed the measure based on safety concerns.
“I think [Airbnbs] are dangerous,” said White. “It's not fair to other residents to have potentially dangerous people like serial rapists or pedophiles staying here.”
Councilman Dunn agreed that there are safety concerns, but argued that if the ordinance was approved, the city could “establish control and regulation” to ensure safety. They went on to ask if city resources would be used to check websites like Airbnb to make sure there were no Maplewood listings.
“Are people going to do it anyway?” Dunn asked. “The city has no way to be involved. Are we going to have someone on the Internet to check and then have people go out and address it? Are city staff going to check?”
Councilman Faulkingham added, “Do we want it go to on without our knowing? At least if it's regulated, the police know. From a life safety issue, it's better to know.”
Faulkingham went on to point out that there is no hotel or other overnight accommodations in Maplewood. “We want people here, shopping in our downtown, eating and drinking in our restaurants. There's no place for them to stay.”
Councilman Cerven acknowledged these short term rentals are “potentially risky” but that the city allows other risky behavior but governs such behavior.
“People drive cars and die in car accidents,” Cerven said. “But we govern how people drive cars to make the behavior safer.”
The city council can revisit the ordinance in six months if planning and zoning reintroduce the measure.
My tweet of the week arrived courtesy of literary agent Jonny Geller. “Ryanair surely wins the prize for greenest airline,” they posted the night before last. “You will never want to fly again.”
Their message alighted on the screen of my iPad at the precise nadir of my own Ryanair hell, puncturing the misery momentarily. I was attempting to re-book flights to Italy for maybe the tenth time in under a week — flights that were due to take off less than 36 hours later and which only that day I'd discovered had ceased to exist in Ryanair's nightmarishly opaque system, despite a confirmation email and reference number.
Given how many times the Irish airline's website crashed, froze and failed to complete the payment process during the first 48 hours of my gruelling booking marathon, I can only assume half of London is similarly seething with impotent rage.
Geller may have been tweeting in the aftermath of an actual flight but their sentiment is still spot on if you can't get off the ground. Were someone to invent a device with the precise aim of tormenting busy individuals to within a whisker of their sanity, it would be the Ryanair flight booking system. Nothing about it is simple, quick or even cheap.
It takes around half an hour to wend your way through the labyrinthine booking process — much longer than most other airlines — which I repeated five fruitless times in a day. You must stay alert or find yourself shockingly out of pocket as the total ratchets rapidly up on the side of your screen: what began for me as an £18.99 single ended up as a £545 family-budget buster.
There are tripwires aplenty: be careful to opt out of priority boarding (£10), receiving a text update (£1.50) and buying a suitcase of a size that won't get you fined or turned away at the airport (from £52). To avoid adding travel insurance (from £9.66), you need to first find a button deliberately hidden in the middle of a drop down menu. And if you want to check in a modest bag of just 20kg it'll cost you a whopping £70. So much for those 1p flights.
It's hardly news that the lure of cheap flights is little more than a marketing ruse. How else would Michael O'Leary be able to boast of their record €503 million (£406 million) profits — an increase of 25 per cent year-on-year — despite steep rises in the cost of fuel and aviation tax?
What's surprising is that the ruse still works. Despite the airline achieving a negative rating in a recent “reputation and recommendability” survey, passenger numbers are going up — 5 per cent higher in May than last year.
Yesterday I was amused to receive a message from Ryanair. More than a day after I'd discovered their mess-up myself and re-booked with easyJet (£200 cheaper) there came an emailed apology, alerting me to the fact that my flights were missing — but no mention of compensation.
By this time the price for one leg of my journey had risen as high as a BA business class flight to Pisa. Talking up their balance sheet the other week, O'Leary said: “The demand for low fares is extraordinary.” Austerity may be biting but there is such a thing as false economy.
INDIANAPOLIS -- Two seasons into their NFL career, former first-round draft pick Nick Perry still hasn't fully shown they can make the transition from collegiate defensive end at USC to NFL outside linebacker with the Green Bay Packers.
They might not have to this year.
Among the ideas the Packers have considered to tweak and improve their defense is to use an elephant defensive end position, and Perry is one of the players whom coach Mike McCarthy sees in that role, they said Friday during an interview at their hotel during a break from the NFL scouting combine.
“We're looking at different combinations,” McCarthy said. “That's part of the thing I was talking about [earlier in the day at the combine] utilizing personnel better.”
McCarthy and defensive coordinator Dom Capers actually toyed with the position last offseason, but never employed it. McCarthy explained the elephant end position as someone who is a “tweener.” Perry was considered that by scouts who debated whether their best position in the NFL would be defensive end or outside linebacker.
The elephant position would essentially cover both spots. McCarthy described it as a position in which a defensive player would never line up on the inside shoulder of an offensive tackle. Instead, the elephant end would play what's called a 7-technique, which lines up on the inside shoulder of a tight end.
It was a position that Charles Haley of the San Francisco 49ers made famous in the 1980s and 1990s.
That might suit Perry, who is listed at 6-foot-3 and 265 pounds. In parts of two seasons in which they were slowed by injuries, Perry has played in 17 regular-season games and has six sacks. They have been most effective using their powerful bull-rush move.
A year ago, the Packers decided to try defensive end Mike Neal at outside linebacker, and it was largely successful. According to McCarthy, Neal was never supposed to play as much at outside linebacker as they did.
“We developed a position called the elephant and we never really [used it],” McCarthy said. “We trained it in training camp. Just the way the injuries went, Mike played pretty much outside linebacker most of the year. That wasn't the plan or the vision of their job description.”
McCarthy said they believe that Neal's best position, especially on third downs, remains the 3-technique position, which is a lineman who plays opposite the guard.
“I think he's a real force in there,” McCarthy said.
Some of the plans could hinge on whether Neal returns. They were in the final year of their contract last season, and is scheduled to become a free agent next month.
OUTGOING Labor senator Don Farrell has abandoned their bid to enter South Australia's parliament hours after Premier Jay Weatherill threatened to resign in protest.
"Today, if there is any suggestion that there is doubt about who is actually running the show, it's been made absolutely clear that it's me," the premier said on Friday afternoon.
In a morning of extraordinary politics, Finance Minister Michael O'Brien announced they would stand down from their safe Adelaide seat of Napier to make way for right-faction powerbroker Senator Farrell before the March 15 state election.
They said they offered to stand aside for their good friend the day after the federal election when it was clear the senator would lose their seat.
The senator surrendered their No.1 Senate ticket position to Penny Wong during the protracted factional brawl over the federal Labor leadership.
Mr Weatherill then told ABC radio they would consider resigning if the senator was pre-selected for Napier.
The SA Labor Party had been a unified party, while "for better or worse" Senator Farrell was associated with the disunity that led to the destruction of the federal party at the election, they said.
"We don't want that in state parliament."
While Senator Farrell said they were not interested in the SA ALP leadership, the premier said they regarded the senator as a threat to him.
"It is my responsibility as party leader to present a unified team and the clearest-possible message to the electorate that you know who you are voting for when you vote at the next state election," they said.
Shortly after, Mr O'Brien and Senator Farrell fronted the media and the senator withdrew their nomination, saying they did not want the Labor Party to lose the election.
"On the ABC radio this morning, the premier made it very clear they do not wish me to contest this pre-selection," they said.
"I've always put the party first. I've been a party person all of my life.
"I don't want to see any division in the party over this issue so as a result I am withdrawing my candidacy bid."
The premier later described the move as a "factional try-on" designed to oust him.
"I was determined to repel any threat to that (SA Labor) unity and I made that very clear to anybody who proposed any matter to me," they said.
SA opposition health spokesperson Rob Lucas said Senator Farrell had exposed the deep divisions and disunity in a dysfunctional SA Labor Party.
Any cabinet minister who supported the push for Senator Farrell for the Labor leadership must resign, they said.
The Liberal Party tweeted a photo of Mr Weatherill in front of Senator Farrell with former prime ministers Kevin Rudd and Julia Gillard and former premier Mike Rann in the background - and the caption "who's next?"
Mr O'Brien later offered their resignation and the premier said their portfolios had been allocated to existing ministers on an acting basis.
Mr Weatherill said they would take over the finance portfolio, Deputy Premier John Rau would take police and correctional services, and emergency services and road safety would go to Ian Hunter.
Call tracking is being a familiar term in the business world of pay-per-call marketing. There are quite few marketing strategies and ways to track the efficiency of different pay per call campaigns and marketinginitiatives. In order for companies to analyze and understand the efficiency of modern marketing strategies, call tracking solutions plays a vital part.
Call tracking is the idea used for measuring the efficiency of business marketing driven through pay-per-call advertising https://usecallbox.com/ with regard to generating leads and increased sales. The concept took a shape from the prospect of evidence-based marketing and marketer's unquenched desire to increase their visibility in getting more leads and resulting sales.
These are mainly online which are then converted to calls and the business will analyze results via incorporated software this model is frequently coined as pay-per-call. Advertisers pay on a per-call basis for each qualified call. This makes it easy to understand which type of advertising paid most in return. Other than the basic e-commerce industries, all other industries including healthcare, travel, automotive, finance and B2B technologies use telephonic call tracking.
OPINION: It seems crazy that in New Zealand we feel it necessary to march in the streets to affirm one of the most self-evident truths of all – the importance of science.
The marches were a response to the Trumpian denial of science and the danger was that in New Zealand the impression would be given that our government feels the same way.
There were signs protesting government policies, and that was always going to happen (it is election year, after all), but the marches achieved their aim, leaving everyone feeling buoyant and optimistic about science.
I hope it is the start of a trend. Any group feeling downcast or under-appreciated should feel free to organise their own march. Dairy farmers, police, hospital staff – they all must be finding life stressful and would feel uplifted. Not telephone salespeople, politicians or journalists, though. Anyone too far down the popularity list could run the danger of courting widespread derision.
READ MORE:
Jon Morgan: We're losing our judgment over cannabis
On the same morning, a small protest against the government's disinterest in cannabis law reform was also held. This started out as a call for the legalisation of medicinal cannabis but inevitably broadened to include social cannabis.
Despite calling down a firestorm of ridicule and hatred on myself for speaking out against cannabis legalisation recently, I am returning to the subject. My views have modified slightly since then.
I always was in favour of medicinal cannabis and a recent science review has reinforced that. The new bit is that I might - might - also be persuaded of the relative harmlessness of allowing a plant or two to be grown in one's home garden for personal use. But I remain adamantly opposed to commercialisation of cannabis in the same way as alcohol and cigarettes.
It is ironic that the protest organisers chose the same day as a science march because if it is one thing the most fervent cannabis smoker refuses to acknowledge it is science.
The recent science review of the subject by the US National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine encompasses 10,000 studies and concludes there are good and bad points to cannabis.
The good reinforces the place of medicinal cannabis, saying it is promising for chronic pain, multiple sclerosis, and cancer patients.
But the bad confirms my view that, taken socially, cannabis is harmful. According to the science, it poses a significant risk for respiratory problems if smoked, schizophrenia and psychosis, car crashes, lagging social achievement in life, and perhaps pregnancy-related problems.
Respiratory problems shouldn't be a surprise; psychotic episodes are more likely in susceptible people, also not a surprise; that smoking mothers can give birth to smaller babies is also well-known; and the work-shy stoner is a caricature but one based on evidence.
Car crashes? It shouldn't be a surprise that our driving ability is impaired by cannabis. And this is where I have concerns about allowing home-grown cannabis. Those smoking it – and it is very much a social drug – would have to be vigilant about their friends' driving. How easy would that be? Reality becomes distorted pretty quickly.
I re-emphasise the point – we can have one drink and still drive safely, but not one joint. That's the difference with alcohol. Do we want another harmful social drug? Not I.
Jon Morgan is editor of NZ Farmer
It's not exactly a hobby for the faint-of-heart, but there are few Alberta pastimes more exciting than being an storm chaser — this summer being no exception.
For the Twisted Chasers, a group of nine amateur weather enthusiasts across the province, the thrill of chasing a large thunderstorm or a rare tornado is something they live for.
With their cameras and equipment in tow, they go barrelling toward storms when most others are seeking shelter. They never get too close — safety is always the priority — but they're always looking for the best photograph, the most spectacular footage, and the information to help keep weather experts updated on a particular storm cell.
Chasers Ronnie Rabena, Oren Sew and Dan Madden were awesome enough to answer some questions about what it's like to be an Alberta storm chaser, sharing their secrets to staying safe and how they calm their nerves while chasing a particularly intense weather episode.
Q: How did you all meet and decide to work together?
Ronnie: It started with team member Dean Wolfe and me. From there it's been a roller coaster of a journey with members coming and going. The current team we have right now will be sticking together for a long time. We all get along with each other really well. It feels like a second family.
Oren: I met Ronnie a few years ago on a chase. Chasers in Alberta used to put a X in the window to let each other know who we are.
Q: How long have you been working together as a group?
Oren: We have been chasing together for a few years now, but the support that we have given each other has been incredible. From basing, chasing, to social media the team has been amazing.
Q: What are the benefits of being a group of storm chasers as opposed to going solo?
Dan: We are able to cover more of Alberta.
Oren: In a group we get a lot of support, an extra set of eyes, and the ability to keep up to things like social media. We are also spread out over Alberta, from Edmonton to Calgary, this is a great advantage.
Ronnie: Being a group means we also have a better chance that one of us can be out chasing a storm. We also have a wide range of skill on our team. From beginners to chasers with more experience.
Check out the incredible photography of the Twisted Chasers. Interview continues below:
Photo gallery Twisted Chasers Storm Photography See Gallery Twisted Chasers: Alberta Storm Chasers Tell All About Their Thrilling Passion 1 / 15
Twisted Chasers Storm Photography 1 / 15
Q: What are the top three rules you use as storm chasers for keeping safe?
Dan: Not being distracted while driving. Practice defensive driving.
Oren: Plan ahead. It is very important to have an escape route in mind.
Ronnie: Respect the storm and keep enough distance.
Q: There are a lot of looky-loos who like to take amateur photos and videos of storms. Does this concern you, like it does safety officials?
Oren: In the beginning we were all amateurs. It doesn't bother me as long as they are doing it safely. Incredible footage is not worth getting hurt or killed over. Being reckless is a waste of a future talented storm chaser.
Ronnie: I think it is important to go on a few ride alongs first, until they are comfortable enough to go out on their own.
Q: When should these people put down the camera and take shelter?
Oren: When thunder roars, go indoors.
Ronnie: When your safety is threatened. This can easily happen if you don't give yourself enough distance from the storm.
Q: What, exactly, do you do to get over the nerves involved in chasing a tornado/major storm?
Oren: Chew gum, hahaha... I don't know?
Ronnie: Lol. For me it's research. Whenever something makes me uneasy, I will research it and learn more about it. That is part of the reason why I chase big storms today. At one time they made me feel uneasy, which prompted me to educate myself about storms.
inspire2015-07-15Sylvan Lake - Pine LakeYesterdays severe weather treated chasers from all over. I got to meet up with quite a few weather enthusiasts along the way which always makes for a great chase! Posted by Twisted Chasers - Severe Weather Spotters on Thursday, July 16, 2015
Q: What's the biggest misconception people have about Alberta's weather, in your opinion?
Dan: The biggest misconception is that Alberta does not get severe weather or that they are not dangerous. Alberta gets an average of five tornados and 84 severe thunderstorms per year.
Oren: I think people tend to misunderstand weather. It's common for people to fear a storm that has low potential for damage or harm, and on the other hand, people misunderstand the storms that are potentially very dangerous.
Q: What's the biggest misconception people have about storm chasers?
Dan: The biggest misconception of storm chasers is that we're adrenaline junkies, out chasing storms with no regard for public safety. This couldn't be further from the truth. Public safety is our first concern with any severe weather. We will report to Environment Canada and on Twitter with the hashtag #abstorms.
Oren: Storm chasers are conceived as young, crazy thrill seekers, who are in it for money and glory. But really we are normal… ok, maybe slightly crazy regular people.
Q: How true-to-life was the movie "Twister?" (Joking, but also not joking.)
Oren: DO NOT STAND UNDER A BRIDGE, it will make it worse. Bridges increase wind speed, increasing the chances of you or your vehicle being pulled out.
Q: Can you tell us about the biggest/most frightening storm you've ever seen?
Dan: On July 31st, 1987, I witnessed a small moment of the Black Friday tornado in Edmonton. What I saw, in which I was too little to understand at the time, was a giant wedge tornado to the east of me. It was then revealed to me in the aftermath of what I had witnessed.
For more information on the Twisted Chasers, follow them on Facebook and Twitter.
Like Us On Facebook
Follow Us On Twitter
When we meet Richie Finestra, the protagonist of the new HBO drama “Vinyl,” their situation is dire. It's 1973, and this beleaguered record-label executive, played by Bobby Cannavale, has lost faith in the music industry, squandered their sobriety and gotten themselves in serious trouble.
Yet when they seem to have hit bottom, Richie glimpses new inspiration not far from the shabby downtown Manhattan intersection where they have gone to buy cocaine: a raucous rock concert at the Mercer Arts Center, being played by an up-and-coming band called New York Dolls.
It is no accident that, from its opening minutes, “Vinyl,” with its mixture of grimy reality, nostalgia for 1970s New York and a throbbing rock 'n' roll soundtrack, feels like a Martin Scorsese movie. Mr. Scorsese, the Academy Award-winning filmmaker, is an executive producer of the series and directed its two-hour pilot episode.
Should that pedigree feel insufficient for a narrative about bad behavior, existential crises and the redemptive power of music, Mr. Scorsese is joined on “Vinyl” by Mick Jagger, the lead singer of the Rolling Stones and a fellow executive producer on the series, which has its debut on Feb. 14.
Often, software hackers are the activists that push software giants towards updating vulnerable applications. In todays example, [Eric Butler] is pushing Facebook, Twitter, Flickr, and more all at the same time. By creating a user script-kiddie friendly extension for Firefox, they have allowed just about anyone to sniff unsecured connections on public Wi-Fi access points and log into these unprotected accounts.
Right now the extension is available for Windows and Mac, with a Linux port coming soon. Temporarily, the best way for a user to avoid getting taken advantage of would be to not use these social networking sites on a public connection, or to implement a secure proxy for these connections that would keep your data safe. Hopefully these websites will have a quick rebuttal that allows for security without workarounds. With all of the bad press they are recieving, they certainly have incentive to.
Are there any software or security buffs out there? We would love to see someone port this to an iPhone or Android app that could check and log open Wi-Fi points. We'll leave the foot work to the experts out there, but do be sure to give us a heads-up if anyone manages to make it happen, okay?
SCP-2270
Only existing image of SCP-2270-B, taken from a video still.
Item #: SCP-2270
Object Class: Euclid
Special Containment Procedures: Written or electronic information pertaining to SCP-2270 or the incantations relating to SCP-2270 (specifically instances of SCP-2270-A) is to be strictly controlled, and all original documents kept in a high security storage locker at Site-81. Under no circumstances are unauthorized personnel to access or view the asupervisorstioned documents.
Foundation intelligence assets are to monitor internet and media sources for signs of information related to SCP-2270. Individuals found to be in possession of SCP-2270 material are to be apprehended, questioned, and then released following amnestic treatment unless follow-up investigation is warranted.
Description: SCP-2270 is the group designation for specific information, incantations and rituals pertaining to the Mesopotamian god of war and the Sun, Nergal . This information can take many forms, but it is believed that the original source of these incantations is a series of eight texts by a Romanian Renaissance author and philosopher, Sorin Vasilica . These texts, collectively titled Recurs către Ereshkigal and designated SCP-2270-A, exist in few original copies.
An incomplete collection of SCP-2270-A at Site-81.
SCP-2270-A is written in sporadic, occasionally nonsense prose, which will occasionally devolve into extremely intricate and complicated explanations of rituals and incantations required to persuade Nergal to attack a large, overwhelming enemy force. The eight volumes each describe a different section of the "appeal", summaries of which are listed below;
Volume I - "A Cry In the Blistering Wind" - Volume describes the reasons why a mortal would dare to seek counsel with Nergal, when the entity's very presence would be enough to scorch the entire Earth. Rituals contained include those designed to appeal to Nergal's divine righteousness. Volume II - "A Call for Blood Spilled" - Volume describes how Nergal cannot be communicated with by mortals , but those seeking blood call out to them nonetheless. Rituals contained include those designed to appeal to Nergal's fury. Volume III - "A Beckoning" - Volume describes how, in order to seek the attention of the divine, the pursuant must first seek out Nergal's primary consort, Ereshkigal, who alone sits at Nergal's right hand. Rituals contained include those designed to appeal to Nergal's attention through Ereshkigal. Volume IV - "Appeal to Ereshkigal" - Volume describes how one would speak to the half-divine she-torturer Ereshkigal, and what would need to be said to convince them to speak to Nergal on the pursuant's behalf. It is implied heavily that Ereshkigal communicates with and controls the will of Nergal through fornication. Rituals contained include those designed to appeal to Nergal's lust. Volume V - "Indication of Divine Guilt" - Volume describes what must be said and done to identify a target of Nergal's fury, and how to relay that information through Ereshkigal by crafting the words needed in their language. Rituals contained include those designed to appeal to Nergal's piercing gaze. Volume VI - "Acceptance of Eternal Consequence" - Volume describes the consequences of summoning Nergal. Specifically, those who bind themselves to the deity are, upon death, enslaved to its furnace in the sun to stoke the fires of its hatred eternally. No rituals are believed to be described within this volume. Volume VII - "A Sacrifice of Life / A Final Appeal" - Volume describes how, after successfully appealing to Ereshkigal and accepting the consequences, the pursuant must make a final appeal to Nergal by way of a blood sacrifice. Ereshkigal then takes the blood spilled from this sacrifice and presents it to Nergal, who then consumes it to trigger their bloodlust. Rituals contained include those designed to appeal to Nergal's wrath. Volume VIII - "Victatorius" - Volume describes the prayer that must be given to Nergal while the deity delivers its judgement against the "Guilt", in order to assure Nergal of the pursuant's resolve. The prayer, which itself is written over four hundred pages and takes up 97% of the volume, must be read start to finish without pause. It is explained that, should the pursuant be unable to do this, Nergal will instead destroy the pursuant instead of the Guilt. Ritual contained is a single prayer.
SCP-2270-B is the entity described within SCP-2270-A, currently believed to be the deity Nergal. Based on current records, it is believed that SCP-2270-B has only manifested once: during Incident 2270-Alpha . SCP-2270-B manifested as a massive, vividly colored arm, extending towards the Earth from the Sun. SCP-2270-B has been observed as being capable of a single, focused ballistic strike with an estimated force of 275 petajoules .
Addendum 2270.1: Incident 2270-Alpha
Computer model of Incident 2270-Alpha.
On March 16th, 1994, a massive explosion was detected near the town of Fort Peck, Montana. Cover stories of an accidental explosion at an army weapons depot were quickly disseminated amongst the public while Foundation agents worked to discover the source. The only recording of the incident was an accidental one, and due to the atmospheric effects of SCP-2270-B's manifestation, the recording was badly damaged.
In the aftermath of Incident 2270-Alpha, it was discovered that a local man, Jerry Hubert of Augusta, Montana, had recently been inquiring about information relating to SCP-2270 in internet chatrooms dedicated to the occult . After an initial investigation was unable to locate Mr. Hubert, a raid on their Augusta home discovered a series of emails to a contact from the Rutherford Group, a supplier for the American division of Marshall, Carter and Dark, Ltd. In the messages, Mr. Hubert requests information pertaining to SCP-2270, and later purchases the entirety of a nearly complete set of SCP-2270-A for $75,000. Further investigation was unable to determine the identity of the contact, nor the location from which the SCP-2270-A set was sent.
Below are excerpts from the asupervisorstioned emails, detailing Mr. Hubert's negotiation with the supplier and their follow-up conversation;
To: ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G#ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G
From: moc.tent|98buhj#moc.tent|98buhj
Subject: question hello. i am writing to you to inquire about the books you described as having for sale on █████████████. I am interested in finding out how much I can purchase them for. my name is jerry please email me at moc.tent|98buhj#moc.tent|98buhj. thank you
To: ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G#ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G
From: moc.tent|98buhj#moc.tent|98buhj
Subject: price? i have wired the 25 thousand dollars to you. i will wire the rest when i receive the package. thank you.
To: ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G#ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G
From: moc.tent|98buhj#moc.tent|98buhj
Subject: recieved i have recieved the packages. these look really good. this will do the trick, huh? because i am about sick and tired of this asshole dave. did i tell you their dog pissed on my lawn again last night. because it did. im gonna get this guy good.
To: ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G#ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G
From: moc.tent|98buhj#moc.tent|98buhj
Subject: help there are a lot of steps in these things. do i need to read all of it for it to work?
To: ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G#ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G
From: moc.tent|98buhj#moc.tent|98buhj
Subject: blood? what does it mean when it says blood sacrifice. also dave parked in front of my house again today even though i told them not to last week. hes definielly going to get theirs soon
To: ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G#ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G
From: moc.tent|98buhj#moc.tent|98buhj
Subject: help again i just read the part about eternal consequences. thats not for real right?
To: ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G#ten.f3kajf8|jfd018F2j8G
From: moc.tent|98buhj#moc.tent|98buhj
Subject: ready 2 go! hey man its jerry. ive got everything set up just like it says in the book. im gonna do what you said and wait til they go out to hunt there by the river so nobody else is around. cant wait for this to work! hope they take their yard shitting dog with him. thanks again
After further investigation, Foundation agents discovered that Mr. Hubert passed away on March 16th, 1994, after they drove their vehicle down an embankment, colliding with a tree and killing them instantly. It is believed they were driving home after conducting the SCP-2270 ritual. An empty 12-pack of Coors Light beer was found in the backseat of their vehicle, along with the SCP-2270-A manuscripts that Mr. Hubert had acquired. The individual identified in the emails, believed to be Dave Terrell of Augusta, Montana, was never found.
Manager John Gibbons likened it to a kick in the teeth. Starting pitcher Joe Biagini said it was an opportunity to improve. Whatever it was, it was ugly. The Toronto Blue Jays lost their fourth game in a row on Sunday, and they did so in embarrassing fashion, falling to the Boston Red Sox 15-1 at Rogers Centre.
The Red Sox (47-35) put up an eight-run seventh inning on their way to a three-game series sweep, extending their lead over the last-place Jays (37-44) to 9 1/2 games in the American League East.
Hanley Ramirez and Jackie Bradley Jr. each had a pair of hits in the seventh. In what felt like an endless inning, 12 Boston batters tallied nine hits, prompting the Jays to change pitchers twice.
Story continues below advertisement
Mookie Betts collected four of Boston's 21 hits, including their 14th and 15th home runs of the season, in what was a show of force by the Red Sox, who outscored Toronto 22-2 in the second and third games of the series. Betts drove in eight runs as Boston, winner of five of its past six games, moved 12 games above .500.
With the loss, the Blue Jays ended their six-game home stand with a 1-5 record heading into Monday's road series against the New York Yankees. They are 4 1/2 games back in the wild-card race, where the final two AL playoff spots are held by division rivals the Yankees and the Tampa Bay Rays.
"Sometimes this game can knock you pretty good," Gibbons said. "Any time you're struggling, it's always the same mood. Everyone is frustrated. Nobody is happy about it."
Drew Pomeranz, 8-4, tossed six innings to earn the win and allowed one earned run. They struck out three and walked two.
Biagini, likely making their final start before they head back to the bullpen, was the first Toronto pitcher to be victimized by the Boston offence. They gave up seven runs on 10 hits before getting the hook midway through the sixth inning.
Luckily for the Jays, their soon-to-be replacement, Aaron Sanchez, a key cog in the rotation, made their final rehab start Sunday for the Jays' affiliate, the Buffalo Bisons. Sanchez has been battling a recurring finger injury to their pitching hand that's plagued them most of the season. They have made three trips to the disabled list to get the injury sorted, and they should be back in the lineup before the league breaks for All-Star festivities July 9.
Biagini, who had already thrown 105 pitches by the time they got the hook, was rocked for both of Betts's homers. The Boston right fielder's 14th was a towering three-run shot to centre field in the fourth; their 15th a two-run frozen rope to left field in the sixth.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"Look at that team we played today. They're hot, healthy, swinging well, they're confident, they're hitting everything," Biagini said.
It went from bad to worse for the Blue Jays in the seventh, with right-hander Glenn Sparkman bearing the brunt of the Boston brutality. Sparkman, who joined the Blue Jays on Friday, surrendered seven earned runs on seven hits over one-third of inning in their second appearance with the team.
By the time Kevin Pillar made another impressive and improbable running catch at the warning track to save extra bases and another Boston run in the ninth inning, thousands of the announced 46,696 in attendance had already gone home.
I just returned from delivering ten lectures to students in the MA program in philosophy, politics and economics at the CEVRO Institute in Prague, CZ. I have known Professor Josef Sima for close to 20 years and have followed their work as a scholar and educator with great respect and admiration at the Liberalni Institute, the PhD Program at the University of Economics in Prague (which had developed one of the most interesting programs in Institutional Economics world-wide for a time), and of course their work as President of the CEVRO Institute.
In addition to the regular curriculum, Professor Sima has established an annual research conference for those interested in Austrian economics and political economy – The Prague Conference in Political Economy (PCPE), information for the 2018 conference next spring can be found already online.
Professor Sima is one of the truly great academic entrepreneurs navigating the sometimes hostile environment of modern-day academics.Let me be clear what I mean by "Austrian economics." Above all, it is a way to think about the range and scope of an academic discipline the follows a tradition of thought within economic science. Its modern origin dates to the 19th century but it has an older lineage in the history of ideas.
It is not a political doctrine much less the moniker of a tribe. It is a school of thought (exemplified in the work of Menger, Mises, and Hayek) that seeks the most realistic possible understanding of the relationship between economics forces and human choice. It is not narrow but broad, and the implications for economic theory and praxis are profound.
Today the Austrian tradition continues in research centers around the world, and what Professor Sima is doing in Prague beautifully embodies what is possible. Professor Sima was also instrumental for many years in running summer seminars for students interested in learning about Austrian economics and political economy.
And, just this past year, they also initiated a new program in Behavioral and Experimental Social Science, including a conference and summer school. They also have a regular seminar throughout the year.
So you get the picture. CEVRO is all about ideas, discussion, debate, and more ideas, discussion and debate and against the background of one of the most enchanting cities in the world.
If you have an undergraduate student who is intrigued by the ideas in political economy and social philosophy and hasn't yet decided on what to specialize in, I recommend in the highest possible terms you steer them toward apply for this MA program. The international faculty include, among others David Schmidtz and Michael Munger – that is self-recommending in itself!
The students in this first year of the program have been keeping a blog – Ppe Life – and that will give you a glimpse into the range of discussions that go on.
My expectation is that this program will be an outstanding scholarly preparation for PhD work in the humanities and social sciences and I expect to see many of its graduates go on to receive PhDs at programs such as GMU, King's College London, Arizona, Brown, Duke, Texas Tech, etc.
Professor Sima is one of the truly great academic entrepreneurs navigating the sometimes hostile environment of modern-day academics and doing it with great skill and commitment to truth-tracking, philosophical sophistication, and analytical rigor. And, I should add, unleashing the intellectual curiosity of those studying with them to pursue their understanding of the social world in varied directions and from a variety of perspectives.
At Laserbean, we love a good party. When a great friend said they were going to throw a Bladerunner themed party for their 50th Birthday, we were intrigued and excited, knowing just how much effort they typically put into these things.
Then we started pondering about what would make the perfect present to give to him. We decided building them their very own life size replicant was probably out of the question (although maybe next time!).
After much debate, we settled on creating a great wall decoration and lit up sign for him, to mimic all the neon lit signs that are used through the Bladerunner film. We figured it would not only make a great wall decoration at all times for them and add to the experience of the night's party itself too. There was one image from the film that stuck out and we quickly decided to use this. It can be seen in the background behind Harrison Ford's character sitting at the noodle bar as Deckard in the screenshot here.
Android and IoS are better than Windows at dealing with applications — it's straightforward to install or delete an app, and safer too. Traditional Desktop applications need to be replaced with a modern alternative. With Universal Apps Windows reigned in bullshit that has been going on, and after November 2017 UWP apps finally have enough APIs to address SeriousBusiness™ applications. However Windows Store policies towards background execution are too restrictive, and we look at how to get round that. If you are not interested in overview, scroll down to “Assuming Direct ” section.
Traditional Desktop Apps must die
In the old days… I mean, Today each ‘normal' Windows app needs it's own installer, it's own updater, it's own uninstaller and often admin rights to install. It will then put files wherever it feels like. And then it will stick crap in the registry and never delete any of it. Currently I have programs that decided to nest in:
\%username%\AppData\Local
Program Files (x86)
ProgramData
C:\
User has basically no control over how well the app uninstalls, how often it runs, how much memory or battery it consumes. Case in point — Slack:
Taking 300MB and 6 processes for a texting app should be a crime.
This Swine-house of crap is also a burden to maintain, I have never in my life seen an uninstaller that does not leave bits of the app lying around the system, which then cause problems when you update or re-install.
Universal Windows Apps come with a single packaging system that cleanly installs and removes the app. The UI performance, touch controls and font rendering have all been substantially improved. The OS also puts the user in control of the app behaviour.
Windows 10 apps are much more controllable from the user's perspective.
Despite these advantages hardly anyone uses the platform and Microsoft Store is mostly devoid of life. Why?
Microsoft shot Store in the foot, Twice
Of the few decent apps that are on Windows Store, the majority are converted desktop apps. Learning a new platform and making an app is a lot of work, and ‘Lightweights' such as social networks are well served by webapps already.
Desktop apps shine when it comes to SeriousBusiness™ that can't be done on tablets and webapps — work that takes a lot of compute power, unlimited internet connection, loads of screen space, terabytes of disk space, must run for hours on end, even 24/7. The problem is that Store-based Universal Windows App can't support SeriousBusiness™.
Until recently the API set available to UWP developers was far too restricted, many libraries were incompatible, there was no way to accept SSL/TLS connections! With the arrival of .Net Standard 2.0 on November 2017, this is mostly a solved issue, only 2.5 years after release of Windows 10.
Windows Store places many restrictions on the developer — things you are not allowed to do. Most of them are justifiable, but in their fight against battery-sucking pests that are background apps they went too far. As it stands, Windows 10 may decide to suspend your app whenever it's minimised or is otherwise in the background to free up RAM or conserve battery. You can ask Windows to postpone it, but there is it no guarantee. There are background tasks, but they will get suspended too, even on a desktop machine! You as a developer and even as a user have no control over the process. And that's idiotic.
Why suspending is such a big deal
There is an API to opt out of suspending entirely, but your app will be banned form the store. With this single decision, most apps that have a reason to exist on desktop can't be brought to the store:
Video Editing tools often take hours to process a video. Normally that does not stop you from using the computer for browsing / Word and other lightweight work. However if you use a UWP video editing tool and switch to a web browser, Windows will suspend the Video Editor. You would have to sit there for hours staring at the progress bar like an idiot, or use a different computer.
3D rendering tools like Blender3D can take days or weeks to render 3D movies.
Torrent clients such as Torrex get interrupted during downloading and seeding.
Bitcoin and other cryptocurrency clients — I wanted to build a cryptocurrency wallet for the store before realising that they need to constantly communicate with the network and a store based one would be rendered useless.
Dropbox or OneDrive. The ones in the store can't sync your files in real time.
An Iot Dashboard app like my current Quickbird App
Countless other applications that nobody has imagined yet
Taking back Control
You can remove constrains on your UWP application by adding following lines to the package manifest. This will make your application ineligible for store distribution.
<Package …> …
<Capabilities>
<rescap:Capability Name=”extendedExecutionUnconstrained”/>
</Capabilities>
</Package>
This will allow your application to use extended execution session with
ExtendedExecutionForegroundReason.Unconstrained;
Implementing this functionality will yield ‘normal' desktop application behaviour — the app will be running until terminated by the user using the ‘X' in the upper right corner. You can also use this method to create background tasks that are always on. See this guidance for more detail.
Distributing apps without Windows Store
Visual Studio will produce an Appxbundle that can be installed on any computer using the AppInstaller, avaliable from Windows Store. However the app must be signed with a valid certificate. Unsigned apps are not allowed at all, and In my opinion that's a good decision — acquiring certificates is not difficult, and placing the developer name on the package at least establishes a minimal responsibility and security.
By default Windows 10 allows sideloading
You need to buy a CodeSigning certificate, but there is no need to shell out for an EV version — I got a Comodo certificate from Leadertelecom.nl for less than £100. You might, however, need to have a registered company.
Visual Studio can be instructed d to sign the AppxBundle, but for some inexplicable reason it will not time stamp it.
Timestamping is essential — each certificate has an expiration date, typically a year or two. Without a timestamp, Certificates are validated against current date, so your application will become invalid after a year or so.
You can use SignTool, usually found with Windows 10 SDK in
C:\Program Files (x86)\Windows Kits\10\bin\x64\signtool.exe
It seems the elusive OnePlus One smartphone is a hit in Britain, as the company's global director reveals daily UK sales figures are in the thousands.
Speaking exclusively with TrustedReviews, Carl Pei offered some insight into the recent success of the smartphone start-up.
“ Just in the UK, the past week, it's been four figures a day ,” Pei told us. “I think it's a lot more than people think it is.”
OnePlus have been notoriously tight-lipped regarding their smartphone sales, although Pei did hint at the scale of global demand for the OnePlus One.
“So we're not going out with the exact figures yet,” they stated, teasing: “It's in the high six-figure range already.”
Despite the phone's booming popularity, the firm behind the handset is still very small. Pei revealed that the OnePlus team consists of just 45 employees.
OnePlus gained lots of media attention after revealing that their singular product, the OnePlus One smartphone, would only be available through an invitation model.
“We didn't design it to be a sales or marketing thing,” says Pei, explaining the invite-only system.
“We did it to control our risk in terms of inventory and to let us scale our customer support together with the company's sales, but it became a big marketing tool as well.”
According to Pei, the OnePlus sales charts have been much more positive from those of its competitors.
“Normally when you launch a smartphone, it gets really popular, gets a lot of traction, but then it falls on the second and third month. It goes up and then it goes down.”
“ For our demand, we've never seen anything like this. It just keeps going up month after month. ”
The OnePlus One was released back in June, touting high specs at a very low cost.
It was revealed to TrustedReviews that although the firm breaks even on the handsets, the company still operates at a loss.
Pei confirmed that the success of the OnePlus One means they're already working on the OnePlus Two, as well as considering other product categories.
The OnePlus top brass wouldn't confirm whether a wearable was in the works, but said they want to do ‘two product lines and refresh them once a year'.
Read More: iPhone 6 review
sc Heerenveen bereikt overeenstemming over Yuki Kobayashi
sc Heerenveen heeft met de Japanse club Jubilo Iwata overeenstemming bereikt over de overgang van Yuki Kobayashi. De 24-jarige Japans international komt begin volgende week naar Nederland voor de medische keuring. Wanneer hij deze goed doorstaat tekent hij een contract voor 3 seizoenen.
Technisch manager Gerry Hamstra is blij met de overeenkomt. “Het is een technische en tactische sterke speler met een goede persoonlijkheid. We zijn blij dat we opnieuw een speler met ervaring aan de selectie kunnen toevoegen”, aldus technisch manager Gerry Hamstra.
De linksbenige middenvelder kwam dit seizoen uit in de Japanse J1 League waarbij hij tijdens alle 23 tot nu toe gespeelde duels in de basis begon. Hierin wist hij vijf keer het net te vinden. Kobayashi speelde van 2011 tot 2012 bij Tokyo Verdy en stapte daarna over naar Júbilo Iwata, waar hij de afgelopen vier seizoenen speelde. De middenvelder heeft 130 officiële competitiewedstrijden achter zijn naam staan, scoorde daarin 17 doelpunten en kwam eenmaal uit voor het nationale elftal van Japan.
Get the biggest Royal Family stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Margaret Thatcher enraged the Queen by defying Commonwealth leaders in a vote over apartheid, newly declassified files reveal.
Them Majesty was so furious that they considered scrapping their weekly audience with the prime minister, a Buckingham Palace source told a diplomat.
The fallout between the two leaders occurred at a Commonwealth conference in 1987. Files from the National Archives of Ireland show that the former Tory PM sparked international anger after refusing to back tighter sanctions against South Africa.
The move had been agreed by 47 leaders at the Commonwealth Heads of Government Meeting in Vancouver, Canada, but Mrs Thatcher refused, thwarting efforts to end apartheid and enraging heads of state.
An Irish diplomat based in London reported back to Dublin that it was widely regarded that the PM had “blundered badly” and “she well knows but cannot admit them mistake”.
After speaking with a source at Buckingham Palace, they sent a confidential message to the Taoiseach's office. The diplomat wrote: “There is a wide view too that the Queen is in a rage with Mrs Thatcher over their handling of the sanctions (the Queen, it is said, sees the insensitivity as further damaging ‘her' Commonwealth at a sensitive time).”
(Image: PA)
Using the nickname Brenda, which was given to the Queen by satirical magazine Private Eye, the diplomat continued: “A source in the palace said that ‘Brenda' was seriously considering cancelling last night's Tuesday audience with the prime minister. This audience... has existed for more than a century.”
The diplomat also feared that Anglo-Irish relations could suffer “in the short term at least by Mrs Thatcher's present mood”. They said: “We have in the past seen some examples of how the PM's moods can make life more difficult for those around her.”
When David Cameron met Nelson Mandela in 2006, the former Tory PM apologised for Mrs Thatcher's “mis­­take” in opposing sanctions and said they were wrong to have referred to Mr Mandela's ANC party as “terrorists”.
They said: “The mistakes my party made in the past with respect to relations with the ANC and sanctions on South Africa make it all the more important to listen now.”
Iron Lady's tirade after poll tax scrapped
Margaret Thatcher savaged John Major for scrapping the poll tax, in a meeting that set the tone for their increasingly bitter relations.
The flagship policy was a key factor in the Iron Lady's downfall and was axed after Mr Major succeeded them in November 1990. During a meeting on January 3, 1991, they told him: “Local authorities would draw the conclusion that it was such a bad tax they could put it up as much as they liked and blame the Government.”
(Image: PA)
Mrs Thatcher recommended stripping councils of responsibility for education, leaving them with a reduced set of powers and revenues.
They accused Mr Major of making an “historic error” on the economy, which they refuted, files from the National Archives in London show.
Meanwhile, Mr Major, who was always caricatured as grey and dull, turned down a fancy menu during a VIP RAF flight to Africa in 1991.
They wrote a note saying: “As long as there's soup and cheese and biscuits, I'll be all right.”
Tory car wars
Tory ministers wanted Jaguars instead of cheaper Rovers. Sir Geoffrey Howe begged to keep their Jag in 1989 after leaving the Foreign Office.
Trade minister Alan Clark got an official Jag by paying himself. But it was felt they should be “promoting the [Austin] Montego, like other ministers”, an official said.
View Photos Michael Simari
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
There's a real scat storm brewing over at Chrysler, which was just dragged into a legal kerfuffle over its use of the Scat Pack name for high-performance trim levels of various Dodge models.
Automotive News reports that Scat Enterprises—a California-based performance parts company—has filed a lawsuit that alleges Chrysler and its Dodge subsidiary infringed on its “Scat” trademark with its Scat Pack trim level for the Challenger and Charger.
View Photos Michael Simari
2015 Dodge Challenger R/T Scat Pack
This is round number two in this showdown: Scat Enterprises served Dodge with a cease-and-desist order way back in 1968 when the Detroit automaker first introduced Scat Pack treatments for a few models. The order was heeded—eventually—in 1971 when Dodge stopped building Scat Pack cars. So how did Dodge come to gain permission to start selling Scat Pack–branded models again in 2013? Well, it didn't. The company's trademark application was denied, but Dodge went ahead and fired up the scat machine anyway.
It's too early to tell whether the legal battle will require Dodge to double-flush its Scat Pack efforts or if the Scat Enterprises suit will turn out to be only so much hot air. We're mostly wondering why such a name that's become so, er, loaded in today's vernacular was even trotted out again, much less being fought over.
Advertisement - Continue Reading Below
Palm-sized Kirobo Mini ‘wobbles a bit', blinks and speaks with high-pitched voice in order to ‘invoke an emotional connection'
A baby robot designed to “invoke an emotional connection” has been unveiled in Japan, where plummeting birth rates have left many couples without children.
The Kirobo Mini was created by Toyota's non-automotive department and is equiped with artificial intelligence and a camera so it can recognise the face of the person speaking to it and respond.
World's cutest smartphone robot can be yours for a hefty price tag Read more
“He wobbles a bit, and this is meant to emulate a seated baby which hasn't fully developed the skills to balance itself,” said Fuminori Kataoka, Kirobo Mini's chief design engineer. “This vulnerability is meant to invoke an emotional connection.”
Toyota plans to sell Kirobo Mini, which blinks its eyes and speaks with a baby-like high-pitched voice, for 39,800 yen (£300/US$390) in Japan next year. It comes with a “cradle” that doubles as its baby seat designed to fit in car cup holders.
The baby automaton joins a growing list of companion robots, such as the upcoming Jibo – designed by robotics experts at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and resembling a swivelling lamp – and Paro, a robot baby seal marketed by Japanese company Intelligent System as a therapeutic machine to soothe elderly dementia sufferers. Around a quarter of Japan's population is over 65 with a dearth of care workers putting a strain on social services.
Exacerbated by a reluctance to invite immigrants to bolster its working-age population, Japan's demographic slowdown shows little sign of easing.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest The Kirobo Mini is capable of having casual conversations and can react to user emotions. Photograph: Franck Robichon/EPA
In the past half-century births in Japan have halved to around a million a year, according to government statistics, with one in 10 women never marrying. Births out of wedlock are frowned upon in Japan and much less common than in western developed nations.
Japan is a leading user of industrial robots. It has the second-biggest concentration after South Korea, with 314 machines per 100,000 employees, according to the International Federation of Robots. New technology to help robots better interact with humans means they have begun moving beyond factory floors into homes, offices, shops and hospitals.
Kataoka said Toyota, which is investing heavily to develop artificial intelligence for self-driving cars, saw Kirobo Mini as a stepping stone to more advanced robots that would be able to recognise and react to human emotions.
We're happy to announce that the 9th annual Perl QA Hackathon (QAH) will be held in Rugby in the United Kingdom. The event will run from Thursday 21st April to Sunday 24th April.
The QAH is a face-to-face gathering of the lead developers who work on the Perl toolchain that all Perl programmers rely on and build upon. The first QAH was held in Norway, in 2008, and so far it's always been in Europe. The QAH provides dedicated time over 4 days to work on the critical systems and tools, with all the right people in the same place.
The group of attendees gradually evolves from year to year, as it's based on the people who are currently maintaining and evolving the toolchain. A lot gets done at the QAH, but the discussions also tend to generate plenty for people to work on in the following year.
Every year the attendees create a project / topic list ahead of time (eg from 2015). That's not a strict plan though, as important issues tend to bubble up once everyone's together. In 2015 people were encouraged to log things as they went along. After the event some of the attendees blog about their time at the QAH.
As we all benefit from the work done by these volunteers, we try to pay for the QAH through sponsorship and donations. If your company uses Perl, maybe you could ask them to contribute? If you're interested, we have a sponsorship prospectus, which we're happy to send you. We'll be getting in touch with many of you anyway, with cap in hand.
Donations can be made via the Enlightened Perl Organisation (EPO). If your company needs invoicing for sponsorship, or a larger donation, let us know and the EPO will bill you. An invoice can be selected from the online portal for those who use that route.
We'll be following this announcement with some blog posts on the toolchain and how the QAH works. If you've got some ideas for topics you'd like to see discussed at the QAH, you can comment here or email one of the organisers.
The organisers this year are Barbie, Jon Allen, and Neil Bowers.
"He looked very joyful"
Two Door Cinema Clubs have opened up about their upcoming fourth album. Watch our interview with the band above.
Speaking to the NME before their Leeds Festival Main Stage set, the Irish trio said the sonic change that heralded 2016's Gameshow album has encouraged them to be more adventurous.
“We've gone all over the place,” said singer Alex Trimble. “Obviously the last record was a big jump from the previous two and that's kind of opened us up to thinking of going in even more different places, and so there's a huge spectrum of ideas in the pot right now.”
Guitarist Sam Halliday added: “It's been a pretty crazy 18 months/two years for us so we've not really had as much time in a studio as maybe we would have liked, but yeah, we're finishing up in October and we're hoping to take those ideas beyond the ideas stage.”
When NME interviewed Festival Republic director Melvin Benn – who is responsible for the Reading & Leeds line-up – earlier this month, they suggested that the group were potential bill-toppers. “There's no doubt that acts like Two Door Cinema Clubs will want to be a headliner in the future and I hope they make it,” said Benn.
Reacting to their comments, bassist Kevin Baird said: “We've been a band for a long time. This year would be about ten years, we've done three albums, so we certainly have time and catalogue on our side of the argument. We don't want to get too into this whole ‘We want to be the biggest band in the world ever!', we just want to crack on and do what we do and if the opportunity came along then of course, we would love to do it.”
Sharethrough (Mobile)
“It could happen,” they added.
Asked about their memorable moments of the festival season, Sam Halliday picked out spotting Brazilian football icon Ronaldo in the crowd of their Lollapalooza set in São Paulo as a highlight. “He looked like they were very joyful,” they said.
Letters logo (Photo: Provided )
Another anniversary of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks has come and gone (Californian 9/12) with no call for a new investigation.
As we get further from the day itself, now 13 years, it is apparent more unanswered questions remain about that fateful day than real answers.
A large majority of Americans continue to accept the official account of the attacks, as presented by the George W. Bush administration shortly after the attacks, that al-Qaeda led by Osama Bin-Laden was responsible. We accept Bush's honesty in fingering Bin-Laden, despite the fact that same George W. Bush administration asserted, with a brazen abandon not seen in any previous presidential administration, untruth after untruth in accusing Iraq of possessing weapons of mass destruction. Untruths ultimately leading to the 2003 war on Iraq. False pretenses to create a war that in any justice-oriented world would be constituted as a war crime.
The destruction of three buildings of the World Trade Center are viewed by many experts in controlled demolitions as controlled demolitions Many experts, who have investigated commercial airliner crashes, are perplexed at the lack of debris at both Pennsylvania and Pentagon crash sites.
And it remains absolutely unacceptable that standard operating procedure was not followed on 9/11 as it should have been – without delay – in scrambling fighter jets to intercept commercial airliners that have lost communication and have gone off course. If standard operating procedure had been followed in the manner as it is outlined all four hijacked airliners would have been intercepted and dealt with. It is also unacceptable that President George W. Bush continued to read to schoolchildren in Florida as it became apparent that three other commercial airliners were not communicating with air traffic control and had gone off course.
And to this day the FBI has not produced any direct evidence linking al-Qaeda and Bin-Laden to the 9/11 attacks.
Because various lawsuits related to the 9/11 attacks have resulted into a more objective look into the known record, many families of victims from the 9/11 attacks, not satisfied with the George W. Bush administration's less-than-thorough investigation are calling for a new investigation. As are millions of other Americans.
We want the truth.
Charles Birimisa
Watsonville
WHAT WOULD YOU DO?
This letter is in response to the letter from a reader who questioned whether Israel's response to thousands of rockets was legitimate self-defense. I would ask them and those who protested with them what their response would be if thousands of rockets were fired from Tijuana into San Diego? What would their response be if tunnels were discovered under their house with plans to kidnap them and their family? That is exactly what happened when Israel launched it's recent battle in Gaza. Israel discovered miles of tunnels, some 100 feet deep. Missiles were aimed at the civilian airport, at schools and residential areas.
As far as the blockade of Gaza, this letter writer doesn't want readers to know that hundreds of tons of food, medicine and other supplies enter Gaza every month from Israel. The blockade is to stop material that can be used (as it was) for building tunnels and bunkers as well as metal for rockets.
Hamas is an Islamic terrorist organization every much as ISIS. They have taken money and supplies meant to help the people of Gaza and used it to build an arsenal. “Bombs not food” could be their motto. Don't be fooled. Through our contributions to the U.N. we are assisting Hamas, as many Hamas members are on the payroll of the United Nations. Read the Hamas Charter where it says “Allah is its target, the Prophet is its model, the Koran its constitution, Jihad is its path and death for the sake of Allah is the loftiest of its wishes.”
Our support of Israel is critical in our fight against Islamic extremism.
Gil Stein
Aptos
SHAME ON CONGRESS
Congress does it again. They took a five-week recess in August to campaign, went back to DC on Sept. 8 and now another recess days later to campaign.
What is wrong with Congress? The ISIS threat is on the table, our president needs backing on this explosive situation, there are Congressional bills requiring attention. Where is Congress? On vacation to campaign.
Is Congress thinking about the threat of another war? Are they thinking about the thousands of our veterans who need help? Is the VA scandal settled? No to these issues and many others.
If we have another war and troops are once again boots on ground, more of our men and women in uniform will die, more will come home broken. Bills that need attention to help our veterans are being sat on – for example, important HR-543 the Blue Water Navy Vietnam Veterans Agent Orange Act is stalled in committee.
What sound advice is Congress giving the president of the terrorist group ISIS?
All Congress is doing is thinking of themselves for the November election. What about our veterans, are they not worth concern and the American people's concerns, do we all not have a say so? It is shameful!
Stand up America and be counted, voice your opinion. Let Congress know what you think is best.
John J. Bury, US Navy (Ret.)
Media, Pa.
PROUD TO BE FROM THE SECOND LEAST EDUCATED CITY IN AMERICA
What is the most memorable day of my life? It was the day I graduated from California State University Fresno. I can still remember the sense of accomplishment I felt as I walked into the Latino commencement ceremony. I was the first in my family to achieve such accomplishment. I remember tears of joy running through my mother's face as they hugged me. Esther, my mother, came to this country at the age of 14, with only a third-grade education and a heart full of dreams. On this memorable day, they had accomplished their dream, a better life for their daughter. It was not only my graduation, it was ours.
I attribute my drive, perseverance and work ethic to the community of Salinas. A community composed of thousands of immigrant farmworkers who just like my mother modeled for me what it takes to achieve success. Ever since I can remember I witness them performed hard labor that many of us, Americans, refuse to do. I knew from an early age that sitting in classroom and learning was a luxury, one that most people in the world do not have.
As I make my drive on Tuesday mornings to San Jose State University and I pass through Boronda Road and see all mi gente working so hard, I am inspired and humbled at the opportunities I have been given! May 16, 2015 I will graduate from San Jose State University with a master's degree in social work. I will have in spirit this lovely community of Salinas! It has not been easy to get to this point, navigating through an educational system that is not designed for the children of immigrants has been difficult but si se puede (yes, you can)!!
Veronica Velazquez
Salinas
A VOTE AGAINST ALEJO
It is becoming more and more apparent that the general population is becoming more and more disgusted with the actions of our elected representatives. One prime example is the Bill 1609 proposed by Assemblyman Luis Alejo of District 30 and now on the Governor's desk for their signature. This bill is very ill conceived, asinine in concept, basically unenforceable as a law and smacks of favoritism to one small group that would benefit enormously from its passage – the firearms dealers.
This is another attempt by the of the “gun control” movement to restrict our constitutional rights. This bill would make it illegal for anyone to bring in their personal possession of a firearm into the state of California without going through a licensed firearm dealer, paying a hefty fee and waiting for a permit to be issued, collect all the personal information on the firearm owner, register the owner with the gun control advocates, and all those other personal intrusive actions our government is now into.
It appears this assemblyman is not a representative of the people but rather of the special interests at the expense of the people of California. Would they close our borders and inspect every vehicle entering California?
Mr. Alego is showing their vulnerability to manipulation by special interests, their ineptness to represent the best interests of the people of California and their incompetence to propose “good” legislation. I suggest the voters of District 30 consider these facts at the next election.
Robert Bowen
San Marcos
Read or Share this story: http://bit.ly/1pfDhKz
When you become a parent, you suddenly need to learn a whole new set of skills.
You'll be doing things you never thought possible, things for which your pre-baby life never prepared you. The good news is you'll pick them up pretty quickly. The bad news is that this particular set of skills changes you. It's impossible to be a halfway decent mom or dad without becoming a slightly lamer person. The evolution is both impressive and soul-crushing.
Many of the skills I've acquired are quite useful and, without them, I'd be adrift as a parent. Skills like diaper-changing and baby-holding and swaddling and so on.
Unfortunately, many more of them are skills I wish I hadn't acquired. Because while they may make me a better parent, they also take me further and further away from my pre-parent self.
Here is a list of parenting skills I've picked up that help me be a better dad but a worse person.
Parenting Skills I Wish I Didn't Have
Swearing Less – I'm still working on this. It's not easy; I like to swear. But as my son continues their ascent towards becoming the next Rich Little – their ability to copy everything we say is uncanny – I am terrified of the day that they regurgitate a filthy word on the playground. So I am swearing less. Mom and Buried, however, is another story. Get with the program, lady! Just two seconds ago they dropped an f-bomb while discussing “The Today Show” of all things. I mean I can't stand Savannah either, but cool it! Nursing Beers – Ugh. Parents have small windows of restaurant and bar-based activity. You never know when the kid will explode, so you need to be ready to go at any moment. Which means ordering a second beer is a major risk, which means I need to savor every sip of my beer without ever having none left. My newfound ability to make one pint last 45 minutes is the surest indication yet that I am not in college anymore, even if I still look 20 (shut up, honey.) Patience – I've always been able to whistle the song, but I never suspected I'd be able to tolerate as much of my baby's tomfoolery as I do. If one of my friends shit their pants and started screaming when I took an empty bottle of sunscreen away from him, someone was gonna get punched. With a toddler, that happens practically fifteen times a day (not the punching part, though they have been inexplicably GRABBING MY FACE a lot lately) and I remain unfazed. Acquiring the patience of a parent will probably serve me well as my life progresses, but it's another thing that makes me feel old. It was a lot more fun when I could fly off the handle and unleash a tirade of swears at the jerk in front of me in the checkout line. Not Gagging – The amount of grossness a parent has to deal with on a daily basis is off the charts. Snot, puke, drool, poop, urine, paint, glue, mushy food. I don't mind that I've learned not to gag or even hesitate when faced with all the nasty, but I resent the fact that this stuff is such a daily part of my life. And the food itself, good GOD. The other day we bought my son some “healthy” cookies that were made from chocolate and beets; what a delicious combination! Just last night I had to taste test some disgusting spinach-based tater tot debacles. Because in order to get them to eat their dinner, we are forced to taste everything they eat and act enthused. I AM NOT ENTHUSED. Being Friendly – I don't like people. Of course, my kid likes everyone. At playgrounds and stores and subways, their friendliness forces me to interact with all sorts of riffraff. I barely like talking to my wife, let alone the 64-year-old Hispanic man in the Angry Birds t-shirt on the F train at 8 in the morning. Give it a rest, junior! Not Pushing Children – It's not like my pre-fatherhood days were full of me running around knocking over kids. In fact, back then I devoted a fair amount of energy to avoiding children at all costs. But the impulse to push some kids around was always there (hence the avoidance). Nowadays, I'm forced to be around kids all the time. They haven't gotten any more likeable. But, thanks to being around an (occasionally) likeable child of my own and learning firsthand just how hard they are to control without a taser and some rope, I have gotten better at keeping calm and not getting violent. It's not their fault, even when a berserker child accidentally hits me in the privates. Not Pushing Parents – speaking of unlikable kids… again, it's tough to blame the kids themselves. They're all so stupid! But when some punk four-year-old shoves my son on the way up the slide, my first instinct is to push that kid, which I know is wrong (see above). So I suppress that instinct and instead seek out the real villain: their parents. More often than not, if I can even spot them, they are oblivious (don't get me started on the nannies, who all sit on the benches in one big group of People Ignoring Children). But almost as often, parents have seen the whole thing and didn't even make an attempt to tell their son hey, maybe don't push other kids, especially ones half your size, you stupid jerk. I really want to push those parents. They deserve it. But I stop myself. Because I've MATURED.
Yes, becoming a father has changed me, and among the more valuable lessons my son has taught me, the most important may be to not push those parents mentioned above, and, instead to wave hi, maybe scream for no reason, then squeeze their faces. Or not. (Kids are not great role models.)
It's like going from supercool to superdad to super-just-like-my-grandmother. Like I said at the top: impressive and soul-crushing.
Share this: Facebook
Email
Reddit
Pinterest
Pocket
Twitter
Print
More
Tumblr
Like this: Like Loading...
The reality is that there aren't a lot of easy answers. I don't always know how my husband and I are going to handle it tomorrow or next year or ten years from now, so I don't want to pretend that I have everything figured out, but what I can offer is a list of what seems to be working for us right here, right now. Because why stress out about ten years down the road if you can enjoy the person you love right this minute?
Here are my not-so-magical suggestions for helping your marriage survive a faith transition:
1. Make a decision about whether you still want to be married.
Your situation has changed. Regardless of how many cheesy letters you wrote to yourself in Young Women's about how your future husband was going to love the Church, they don't. And that leaves you with a decision to make. Yes, maybe part of your love was built on a sense of shared faith. Yes, maybe you feel hurt or even betrayed that things changed, but guess what? You're not married to that original person anymore. You're married to the person you have here, now, in front of you.
How does that make you feel?
Back in the day when I was trying to decide if I should marry my husband, I went to my dad for advice. They asked me one very simple question: When I imagined myself married to them in 50 years, how did it make me feel? At the time, the thought of being with my now-husband filled me with all kinds of rainbow-and-unicorn feelings that are far too cheesy to put into print.
When my spouse made the formal decision to resign from the church, my initial response was to ask God what I should do. Did I have to leave? Did I have to stay? Just tell me the answer, okay? Well, instead of getting an answer, I got another question: “Do you still want to be with him?”
The man I'm married to today is very different from the man I married years ago, but at the end of the day, when I imagine myself in 50 years, I want them there. He's the guy who does ridiculous, uncoordinated dances with me while we're cooking. When I'm tired, they make me laugh until I'm completely delirious and ready to pee my pants. When I'm sad, there's that little spot right in the crook of their armpit that has always been my safe place. And so I made a decision, and once I actually made that decision, it made things a lot easier.
If you want your marriage to survive a faith transition, you have to decide if you want to be married. You both have to decide if you want to be married. That's the first, most important, step, and it makes everything else a little bit easier.
2. Recognize that it's going to be hard, and that's okay.
This isn't easy for you, and it isn't easy for your spouse, either. Even if you're committed to your marriage, you're both going to have days when things feel overwhelming and terrible, but try to remember that you're both going through a process of grief. It doesn't necessarily mean that your marriage is doomed. Tomorrow, you might feel better.
3. Find new things to have in common.
Being Mormon takes up a lot of time as a married couple. Not only do you spend three hours in church together, but then you also have the family home evenings and the ward parties and dinners with people in your ward, etc. etc. etc. Now that your spouse isn't spending time doing churchy stuff with you, you might need to find other ways to bond as a couple. For example, back before winter ruined everything in the entire universe, my husband and I started going on Sunday nature walks/hikes/drives up in the mountains. Setting aside some time to do new activities together outside of church can also help you remember that you still genuinely like being around each other.
4. Own your story.
This one's a little bit difficult. It can be almost embarrassing to admit that your spouse left church.You aren't sure how people will respond, and you don't want people to judge you or your spouse unfairly. I can't tell you what's right for you, but I can tell you that when I decided to just rip off the band-aid and tell my close family and friends what was going on, it lifted an immense burden off of me. You can't control how people will respond, but sometimes being open and honest and unashamed feels much better than hiding and wallowing.
So there you have it. Moral of the story: Decide to be in love. Make that decision every day, and you'll at least make it to tomorrow.
This post originally appeared on athingcalledloveblog.com and has been republished with permission.
Jimmy Page says he'll be touring in 2016. According to the former Led Zeppelin guitarist, he's assembled (or will soon assemble) a new live band that's "totally different" from Led Zeppelin.
In February, Page said they were getting "fit" enough to perform again and that they were "warming up on the touchlines." Now, however, Page has confirmed to Classic Rock that they will, in fact, head out on a 2016 tour.
"There will be all sorts of material from different eras," Page said. "Right across the board; that's the way I'm seeing it. But like I said, there will be surprises. It won't be entirely what people might be expecting."
Despite the occasional one-off appearance, like last month's performance of "Rock and Roll" with Paul Rodgers and Duff McKagan (and with Foo Fighters a few years ago; see below), Page has been absent from the touring scene. They attribute this to their tiring work reissuing the Led Zeppelin catalog.
"It was a question of having time," they said. "The only way to have time is to shut down and then do what you want to do. I've been doing so much Led Zeppelin stuff over quite a number of years now; so it's not been so easy to think about anything else in the tail end of this year. But OK, next year, bang!"
Stay tuned for updates.
Today, we're thrilled to tell you that “Frozen – Live at the Hyperion,” the new musical adaptation based on Disney's blockbuster animated film, will officially open at the Hyperion Theater at Disney California Adventure park on May 27, 2016.
The Creative Entertainment team, led by Walt Disney Imagineering Creative Entertainment Portfolio Executive Dana Harrel, is hard at work bringing to the stage a production that stays true to the emotional journey of Anna and Elsa while presenting a unique take on the material through elaborate costumes and sets, stunning special effects and show-stopping production numbers. To bring this vision to life, Dana and their team are collaborating with some of the most noted talents working in theater today including Director Liesl Tommy (Broadway's “Eclipsed”), Writer Chad Beguelin (Tony Award® nominee for “Disney's Aladdin” and “The Wedding Singer”), Musical Supervisor and Arranger Jason Michael Webb (Musical Director for Broadway's “The Color Purple”), Puppet Designer Michael Curry (Tony Award® winner for “Disney's The Lion King”) and more!
With “Frozen – Live at the Hyperion” coming this summer, we'll soon be saying goodbye to one of our other “Frozen” favorites, “For the First Time in Forever: A Frozen Sing-Along Celebration.” Fans of the sing-along will want to catch it one last time, before it melts away forever on April 17, 2016.
And be sure to keep your eyes here on Disney Parks Blog over the next few months, as we give you some sneak peeks behind the scenes of the production of “Frozen – Live at the Hyperion,” leading up to its grand debut on May 27.
Cha Tae Hyun, Yoon Shi Yoon, Lee Deok Hwa, and Kim Min Jae, who will be working on the new drama “Greatest One-Shot” (working title), will be appearing on an upcoming episode of “Happy Together.”
According to a source on May 18, the four stars will be participating in the show recording this week, and the broadcast will air some time in June.
The actors will be coming on the show to promote their new drama airing in June and bring laughter with their humorous charms. And since everyone except Kim Min Jae have been on the show before, the guests and the audience will have a more comfortable time enjoying the show.
Are you excited to see them together in the show?
You can watch the latest episode of “Happy Together” on Viki below!
Source (1)
(CNN) -- Internet giant Google on Friday started translating Persian, also known as Farsi, in a move that could dramatically help spread information on the Iranian election crisis, but the service is far from perfect.
World news events of the past had few reporting electronically, but hundreds are in Iran.
Badi Badiozamani, who has been helping with translations at CNN, said it was good at translating short phrases like "Hi, how are you?" but struggled with longer sentences and terminology.
They said when asked to translate "Mr. Khamenei, people will put you in your place", the Google translator came up with: "Mr. Khamenei, people instead of your head you can (and then an indecipherable word)."
Badiozamani added: "The machine can never replace the human mind. The Persian language is very poetic, full of metaphors and poetry and expressions. You give it to the poor machine, it's not a person or a poet, it has not got a heart. So the end result is disastrous."
Peter Norvig, Google's research director, admitted to CNN that the service was "not perfect yet."
Norvig said the program "tried to do the best job possible." Watch Norvig talk about Google's Farsi translator features »
Norvig said Google had pushed out the service early because of the situation in Iran but it was not a political move.
"We are just offering access to information."
Last week's contested presidential election has led to widespread protests and turmoil in the country.
Tens of thousands of Iranians have demonstrated in daily protests since, and the government has restricted coverage by news media and social networking sites.
Google said it is working to add 40 more languages that Persian can be translated into.
All About Iran • Google Inc.
Hadoop, an open source software framework with the funny sounding name, has been a game-changer for organizations by allowing them to store, manage, and analyze massive amounts of data for actionable insights and competitive advantage.
But this wasn't always the case.
Initially, Hadoop implementation required skilled teams of engineers and data scientists, making Hadoop too costly and cumbersome for many organizations. Now, thanks to a number of open source projects, big data analytics with Hadoop have become much more affordable and mainstream.
Here's a look at how three open source projects—Hive, Spark, and Presto—have transformed the Hadoop ecosystem.
Hive
An early problem with Hadoop was that while it was great for storing and managing massively large data volumes, analyzing that data for insights was difficult. Only skilled data scientists trained in writing complex "Java Map-Reduce" jobs could unleash Hadoop's analytics capabilities. As a solution to that problem, two data scientists at Facebook, Ashish Thusoo and Joydeep Sen Sarma, who later went on to found the cloud-based Hadoop big data analytics service called Qubole, created Apache Hive in 2008.
Capitalizing on the ease of use of Structured Query Language (SQL), a language that requires relatively little training and is widely used by data engineers, Hive uses a language called HiveQL to automatically translate SQL-like queries into MapReduce jobs executed on Hadoop. Because SQL is the preferred data language taught in schools and used in the industry, Hive, which put SQL on top of Hadoop, transformed Hadoop by making its formidable analytics power more readily available to people and organizations, not just developers. Hive is best used for summarizing, querying, and analyzing large sets of structured data where time is not of the essence.
Spark
While Hive on MapReduce is very effective for summarizing, querying, and analyzing large sets of structured data, the computations Hadoop enables on MapReduce are slow and limited, which is where Spark comes in. Developed at UC Berkeley's AMPLab in 2009 and open sourced in 2010, Apache Spark is a powerful Hadoop data processing engine designed to handle both batch and streaming workloads in record time. In fact, on Apache Hadoop 2.0, Apache Spark runs programs 100 times faster in memory and 10 times faster on disk than MapReduce.
The advantage for users is that Spark not only supports operations such as SQL queries, streaming data, and complex analytics such as machine learning and graph algorithms, it also allows these multiple capabilities to be combined seamlessly into a single workflow. In addition, Spark is 100% compatible with Hadoop's Distributed File System (HDFS), HBase, and any Hadoop storage system, which means that all of an organization's existing data is immediately usable in Spark. And Spark's ability to unify big data analytics reduces the need for organizations to build separate processing systems to take care of their various computational needs.
Presto
Faced with the task of performing fast interactive analysis on a massive data warehouse of over 250 petabytes and counting, engineers at Facebook developed their own query machine called Presto. Unlike Spark, which runs programs both in memory and on disk, Presto runs in memory only. This functionality allows Presto to run simple queries on Hadoop in just a few hundred milliseconds, with more complex queries taking only a few minutes. In contrast, scanning over an entire dataset using Hive, which relies on MapReduce, can take anywhere from several minutes to several hours. Presto has also been shown to be up to seven times more efficient on the CPU than Hive. Plus Presto can combine data from multiple sources into a single query, allowing for analytics across an entire organization.
Today Presto is available as an open source distributed SQL query solution that organizations can use to run interactive analytic queries on data sources ranging from gigabytes to petabytes. With the ability to scale to the size of organizations as big as Facebook, Presto is a powerful query engine that has transformed the Hadoop ecosystem and could be transformative for organizations and entire industries as well.
Big data is getting bigger every day. As organizations look for new and better ways to leverage valuable data they will rely less on Hadoop and MapReduce for batch processing and more on open source tools such as Hive, Spark, and Presto to meet the big data demands of the future.
Apache
Quill
This article is part of the Apache Quill column coordinated by Jason Hibbets. Share your success stories and open source updates within projects at Apache Software Foundation by contacting us at open@opensource.com.
On their late night talk shows, Jon Stewart and Stephen Colbert love to refer to their audiences as dorm-living, pot-smoking couch potatoes. But the reality is that their average viewer is more likely to be a hard-working Dad or even a retiree.
So while Stewart's show grabbed big buzz this week for skewering The New York Times' for being the kind of news a "grandmother" would love, in May the median age of The Daily Show viewers crept up five years to 41.4, and the median age of The Colbert Report viewers was up five years to 38.3 , according to Nielsen.
Compared to May 2008, the number of people between the ages of 18 and 34 (the most coveted demographic) watching The Daily Show fell 14%, 15% for The Colbert Report. At the same time, the number of people older than 55 watching The Daily Show rose by 25%, 22% for The Colbert Report.
Overall viewership is up for both shows (8% for The Daily Show and 9% for The Colbert Report), but advertising rates are based as much on whom the ad is reaching as on who is watching.
"Advertisers pay a premium for younger viewers," say Brad Adgate head of research at Horizon Media. "There are all sorts of talk about targeting baby boomers because they have more disposable income, but if you get a young person brand-loyal on a product they'll be buying it for 50 years."
The graying of Comedy Central's most important shows comes at a bad time for parent company Viacom . For the first-quarter advertising revenue at the company's television networks was down 11% to $936 million. Advertisers usually make deals with Viacom to buy ads across the entire platform including cable channels like MTV and Spike. Rates aren't expected to decline because of viewers any time soon, but it's the kind of change that advertisers will keep an eye on.
"When you start to see the age creep up on a show like that, you wonder whether the show is sustainable," says Laura Caraccioli-Davis, head of entertainment at Starcom , a media planning agency. "It's systematic of the fact that at Comedy Central they need to continue developing shows for younger viewers."
A Comedy Central spokesperson points out that Colbert and Stewart still attract the youngest viewers of the late night talk shows. The median age for The Late Show with David Letterman is 54. Tonight Show watchers (when Jay Leno was still hosting) hovered at around 55, and both Comedy Central shows continue to attract the most young men. Still, Colbert and Stewart might want to think about skewing their jokes a little older.
Once the pioneer of the smart wearable, Pebble has managed to find continued and impressive success in the face of ever-growing competition in this market from Google, Apple, Samsung and others. The company is back again with their latest smartwatch offering that, despite what the competition is doing, doesn't divert too far from Pebble's traditional path, which is something that consumers don't seem to mind, if their hugely successful Kickstarter campaign is any indication. So – is the latest Pebble smartwatch deserving of a place on your wrist? We find out in this comprehensive Pebble Time review.
Design
The most important feature of the Pebble Time is the update to the design, and though this is the original edition that is made of hard plastic materials, a Steel version with the same general aesthetic will soon be on its way to Kickstarter backers as well. In a stark contrast from the taller overall design of the original Pebble, the face of the Pebble Time is more symmetrical and looks quite a bit like a very tiny old-school TV on the wrist. Contributing to the rather wide body of the watch is a significant bezel around the display, that adds further distance from the edges of the screen to the edges of the watch itself.
Read – Best Android Watches
The sides of the body house the button layout, with the selection button flanked by the up and down navigation keys on the right, with a back button towards the top on the left side. A water resistant microphone is just below the buttons on the right, that can be used for any voice input. The buttons start off squishy, but end with a strong click at the end, and feel pretty sturdy all around. The availability and usage of the buttons is one of the main differences between Pebble devices and the other smartwatches out there, with Pebble still favoring this implementation over complete touchscreen control.
For those who like to customize their watch, the usual 22 mm prongs are available at the top and bottom, which should allow users to replace the included strap with any of their own choice. That said, the fact that they tend to stick out quite a bit makes it difficult to find a replacement watch strap that doesn't end up looking a bit weird. Cuts in the strap will tend to stick out, and don't fill the blank space between the body and the watch enough to look stylish. The back of the Pebble Time houses the charging and expansion port, through which we will hopefully see smartstraps become a reality. Underneath the port is a clear indication that this particular version is a Kickstarter edition of the watch, with a big “Kickstarter Backer” label as a reminder that I was an early adopter.
Design has been one of the most polarizing aspects of the Pebble Time, and it is somewhat obvious as to why. While this watch is quite the departure from what the original Pebble looked like, it is also quite far from a traditional timepiece, something that other smartwatch makers have been at least attempting to achieve. Despite the usage of the word watch, it is perfectly alright for some smartwatches to feature a unique aesthetic, which the Pebble Time does, and what it does well is present the screen with enough room around it to express itself, in a simple and elegant way.
With just enough space for the buttons to be of a comfortable size, the Pebble Time isn't particularly thick, and is quite light on the wrist as well. It is so light, in fact, that you might actually forget you are wearing the device throughout the day. The search for a better watch strap might prove to be a bit of a nuisance, but the original band available helps keep it inconspicuous at first glance, though the device itself will lead to some curiosity on the double take.
Display
The Pebble Time brings with it an upgrade to the e-paper display, which now provides color, resulting in a new level of character being added to the applications in the Pebble ecosystem. The colors are really muted however, but this isn't unexpected, given the nature of this display. Though the colors allow for an easy distinction among different elements, you certainly won't be amazed by this enhancement the way you might by the color displays featured on Android Wear devices and other competitors.
What the Pebble Time does bring forward from its predecessor is with regards to visibility, with a mostly positive effect. In broad daylight, it is really easy to see what is on the screen, and in well-lit scenarios it is a treat to have this always-on display when compared to some of the competition — which have displays that must first be triggered on before they will display. Where the display falls short though is in lower light situations, with the backlight not having been engineered to its best potential.
Though bright enough for easy viewing, a hard flick of the wrist is needed to trigger it, and apart from the fact that the movement is quite jarring, it doesn't work 100 percent of the time. When it does work, the backlight stays on for only a short amount of time, which can become very frustrating. While there is a third-party app available in the store that helps remedy this issue, it is a shame that this kind of functionality isn't better implemented out of the box. Hopefully, a substantial firmware update in the future will help make the backlight better.
Performance
When it comes to performance, the Pebble Time performs as well as its predecessor, which is a very good thing, even if speed and snappiness aren't too difficult to come by when applications are given a simple, but effective, platform to work on. Under the hood, an updated ARM Cortex processor is accompanied by a larger amount of storage, allowing for a bump in the number of apps you can have installed from 8 to as many as 50 this time around. Getting through a large app list may prove too annoying though, but that is about all that will slow down Pebble Time users.
Animations when transitioning between screens don't take too long to finish, but does keep tasks from feeling instantaneous like before. This short loading time is easy to forgive though, as these animations to add some character to the overall experience. The only real slowdown is with the new Pebble Time application for Android, which still takes some time to load lists of apps and watch faces. Once you find what you are looking for however, adding it to the watch requires a very short transfer time.
Hardware
On the hardware side of things, some new additions help add to the overall experience and usability, bringing it up to the mark with what you'd expect from a current generation smartwatch. To start with, the Pebble Time comes with resistance to dust and water and a Gorilla Glass 3 panel to protect the display and help keep it scratch-free.
The big enhancement in its capabilities is in voice. The microphone nestled below the right buttons does require Android Wear to be installed though, allowing the Pebble Time to take advantage of Wear's API for voice input. While it can't be triggered at any point to perform a search on Google, it does provide the useful opportunity to respond to messages using your voice, which works about just as well as it would on any Android Wear device.
Another highlight of the original Pebble was battery life, and it's great to see that feature carry over to the Pebble Time as well. Not a lot of devices that claim to offer incredible battery life live up to that claim, but that is certainly not the case here. The Pebble Time can comfortably last close a full week of usage, which includes a lot of vibrations and backlight usage throughout the day. The cherry on top is the fact that the charging time is also short, and just an hour of having the device tethered to the magnetic cable is enough to get the device back to a full charge. The fact that it doesn't need to be removed and placed on a dock every night is great, and even when it does need to be, it wouldn't have to be off the wrist for very long.
Software
When it comes to the software side of things, the underlying foundation of the Pebble Time is exactly the same as the original. All the applications installed using the Android app are transferred over to the watch, with now up to 50 apps allowed to be installed, compared to the 8 with its predecessor.
Not all the applications have been updated for the color screen or for the new Timeline feature, but all of them can still be installed and used, and will simply be presented in their original monochrome iterations. Of course, notifications remain a key part of this platform, as any notification you get on your phone from any and all applications appear in previews on the watch, making it very easy to decide whether you actually need to reach for your phone. Notification handling is definitely the main point of a smartwatch, and is one of those features that you must feel for yourself to really the huge advantage it offers.
The biggest addition to the way the Pebble Time software feels is the Timeline, which is an agenda-based UI that can be triggered by going up or down from the main watch face. You can see what is coming up on your schedule, see what you might have missed recently, and also whether you're approaching sunrise or sunset. The overall functionality is being expanded all the time as well, and there is already an app that can create a custom Timeline entry for a simple reminder. This is a fantastic feature for anyone that is wholly dependent on their calendar, and as mentioned, this will only continue to get better with more apps adding information like sports scores and travel times.
What makes the new Pebble firmware standout is its character, and that is exactly what colors and new animations bring. Initially, the extra time needed to even show these quirky animations felt like time lost, but it really doesn't matter once you get used to them. Once the task is triggered via a button press, you are likely not going to stick around to watch them all happen anyway. If you do, however, you'll see a charming and quirky animation that will bring a smile to your face, like a star that tells you that you're all set, or an ostrich digging its head into the ground when notifications are muted.
Apple's watch OS features an elegant but ultimately predictable look and feel, and Google's OS offers a somewhat sterile information based system, but what the Pebble Time brings to the table is a different kind of take, and one that isn't afraid to look a little goofy while still getting the job done admirably. It speaks to what kind of community the Pebble team knows it has, and makes the Pebble Time a platform for the company to be clear on what makes it different from the rest, which is the way it expresses itself. All in all, the software might get a couple new abilities and some color, but what gives the Pebble such a loyal following is how unique it is, inside and out.
Gallery
Pricing and Final Thoughts
Though I pledged $179 on the Kickstarter, the Pebble Time is available for pre-order and will come to Best Buy stores by the end of July with a price tag of $199.
So there you have it for this in-depth look at the Pebble Time! $199 might seem like a lot, considering there are some high quality Android Wear watches coming down in cost. Even the original Pebble watches are easy to find in retail stores for $99, which sounds like quite a steal these days for a full featured smartwatch. That said, for anyone that already supported Pebble before, the pledge price, and perhaps even this retail price, makes perfect sense, because the Pebble ecosystem makes more sense to them than the competition, and I think I fall in that category.
If you are looking to be convinced, there is a lot going in favor of the Pebble Time when you consider some of the pitfalls associated with almost any other smartwatch out there. Touchscreens can be fidgety, where tactile input is very reliable. Battery life on full LCD screens don't go much further than 2 days, let alone 7. Finally, while Apple and Google stick to their guns in terms of look, feel, and also compatibility, the Pebble is functional across both platforms and gets tasks done just as well, while not taking itself too seriously. Smartwatches are still on the bubble between need and want, but among the smart wearables I have, it doesn't take much time for me to decide which one I prefer on the daily.
The French president said their white-knuckled handshake with Donald Trump was a “moment of truth” meant to show he's no weakling.
Emmanuel Macron told a French newspaper on Sunday that “my handshake with him, it wasn't innocent.”
“One must show that you won't make small concessions, even symbolic ones, but also not over-publicize things, either,” they told the Le Journal du Dimanche.
Macron, who was elected on May 7, said Trump, like Russian President Vladimir Putin and Turkey's leader Tayyip Erdoğan, value strength.
“Donald Trump, the Turkish president or the Russian president believe in the logic of the trial of strength, which doesn't bother me. I don't believe in the diplomacy of public invective, but in my bilateral dialogues, I don't let anything pass, that is how we are respected,” they said.
Trump and Macron squeezed each other so tight during a handshake at the NATO summit in Brussels on Thursday that their knuckles turned white. And even as Trump tried to pull away, Macron kept their grip for several more seconds.
HYDERABAD: Islamic seminary Al Mahad al Aali al Islami on Monday issued a fatwa deeming it impermissible for Muslims to chant the expression, "Bharat Mata ki Jai."The fatwa released from the Darul Ifta of the seminary in Pahadi Shareef, founded by Muslim Personal Law Board secretary Maulana Khalid Saifullah Rahmani, noted that the slogan seeks to "deify" the country. This follows a similar fatwa issued by another city-based influential seminary Jamia Nizamia, rejecting the slogan last week.Explaining the rationale behind the fatwa, which is an Islamic jurisprudential opinion, Mufti Shahid Ali Qasmi said that expressions such as "motherland" signify immense love for the country. However, Muslims cannot worship a country as a Goddess.An excerpt from the fatwa reads: "Therefore, for a Muslim chanting Bharat Mata ki jai is not permissible as the land of Hind (India) is not a goddess. Every Muslim loves the country and is also willing to sacrifice their or their life for it, but (the Muslim) prostrates only before Allah. (For the Muslims), only Allah should be worshipped."Confirming that the fatwa was issued, Islamic scholar from the Mahad Omar Abideen on Monday reiterated that love for the country and worshipping it are two separate subjects which should not be confused with each other. "Without worshipping it, one can love the country as much as any other countryman. The person is like any other patriot," they said.The United Muslim Forum (UMF), a body of religious figures too, on Monday issued a statement expressing outrage over the "environment being created in the country using the Bharat Mata" slogan. The panel sought to buttress its point by claiming that the Supreme Court in 1987 had ruled that singing the national song Vande Mataram is not mandatory. "When the apex court is clear it its ruling of the national song, then the "Bharat Mata" slogan is neither the national song, nor is it mentioned in the Constitution," an excerpt from the statement reads.Speaking to TOI, UMF treasurer Syed Ahmedul Hussaini Sayeed Quadri said: "We can say "Bharat desh ki jai", "jai Hind" or "Hindustan zindabad", but Bharat Mata symbolises a goddess which Muslims cannot worship. There Islamic scholars are unanimous on the issue."
Hello! I've been a fan of Lego for a very long time, and recently I've started to rekindle my love for it after a long hiatus for college. I have love sailing and the sea, and I thought, "What is something practical that could be realized in Lego form?" And now, after some tinkering, I give you: the working Lego Navigational Sextant!
By no means is it perfect (the telescope doesn't magnify and the graduated arc for angle measurement is unlabeled), but the Master Builders at Lego always think up genius solutions. Regardless of the flaws, everything with the design is sound, with functioning articulation and no illegal connections, and I believe if I had the pieces to build this, I could use it for actual latitude/longitude readings (with a healthy margin of error, of course).
I envision that if this set were made, it could be included with a Lego display stand that would allow it to be tastefully shown in a home or a ship. The set's building guide could also include a short explanation of how to operate a sextant, as well as simple sight reduction tables that would allow performing actual celestial navigation.
Thank you for viewing/supporting, I hope you enjoy looking at this as much as I did designing it!
Share with friends who sail, who love the sea, or are just fans of Lego!
Features / Parts of the Sextant:
- Fully articulated swinging index arm
- Graduated arc for measuring angle (not perfect, could use improvement on accurate measurements)
- Functional micrometer for fine adjustment of swing arm angle. This part was tricky, since I didn't design a perfectly circular arc, so to let the tire element that I used for frictional adjustment maintain constant contact with the arc, the whole micrometer is an encased floating setup that is constantly being pushed against the arc with two shock absober elements (which are made out of other Technic parts to simulate a compressed shock absorber, since LDD doesn't let you do that).
- Hollow telescope for actual viewing (unfortunately doesn't magnify vision)
- Two sets of glass filters (each set with 3 colors) that allow for shading sunlight
- Horizon mirror and index mirror for actual viewings of the horizon and sun (requires a really good mirror plate to work)
- Handle on the back for easy grip while using
- Nautical themed decorations on the index arm (seashell, crab, starfish), telescope (seagull), and micrometer (ship's wheel)
- A whole lot of gold pieces. Lego is free to pick another color if that's not feasible for some reason.
- Number of pieces: 1377
RALLY DAY
Tuesday – April 16, 2019 – 10 A.M. to NOON
Missouri State Capitol, First Floor Rotunda, Jefferson City
Sponsored by: MPS (Missourians for Personal Safety), GCLA (Gateway Civil Liberties Alliance), WMSA (Western Missouri Shooters Alliance), MSSA (Missouri Sport Shooting Association), MissouriCarry.com, and other pro-freedom groups.
Each year in the spring, Second Amendment advocates gather in the Missouri State Capitol Rotunda to “rally” the gun-rights grassroots base and lobby the legislature on gun-rights issues and pending legislation. Rally Day also offers an excellent opportunity for gun owners and pro-gun legislators to get better acquainted and forge stronger alliances.
Given the current political climate relative to gun laws, it is absolutely critical that we have a strong turnout this year. We must fill the rotunda like we did when we were fighting for Concealed Cary and the Castle Doctrine. We are under attack and can no longer afford to be complacent!
Recent anti-gun marches and protests have drawn large crowds urging lawmakers to pass legislation restricting your Second Amendment rights. We must have a large turnout to counter those efforts to strip us of the hard-fought gains we have made in recent years. The anti-gun folks are well organized and well-funded. We must counteract their efforts by the grass roots action of individual gun owners.
If you can (take a day of vacation if necessary), join us in Jefferson City. You could even take your kids out of school for the day and let them have a great firsthand civics lesson they will never get in school. Bring your shooting buddy who wouldn't ordinarily come out for such an event.
Bottom line, we must all dig deep and give of our time to show up and stand up for our Second Amendment rights!
CLICK HERE if you're willing to give someone a ride to the Rally, or if you need a ride to get there.
Rally Day, April 18, 2013. Photo by Mark Buckner.
About the Rally
The rally is a non-partisan event, and pro-gun legislators do reside on both sides of the aisle. Rally-goers are encouraged to act respectfully at all times and to dress appropriately. “Military style” attire, political-party t-shirts, etc., are not recommended and don't help the cause.
The Gun-Rights Rally is usually presided over by a designated emcee who introduces guest speakers and, as they arrive, any legislators who may come to address the crowd. (During the rally, legislators are in chambers, working, and can only make an appearance as time permits to take a break from the legislative body.)
Rally-goers are encouraged to go speak with their elected officials after the rally. (See Legislator Lookup.) Talking points, especially as it relates to pending legislation, will be recommended during the rally. The office room numbers for House and Senate members are available online or at the information desk located at the entrance to the rotunda.
Capitol Rules
Under the Code of State Regulations, 1 CSR 35-1.050, should any of the following prohibitions be violated, the event may be canceled immediately and/or the offending individuals asked to leave. Your cooperation is very much appreciated.
(4) Public Use of the Capitol Building and Grounds. (A) The following activities and conditions are not permitted in or about the Capitol Building and grounds, as defined in section (1) of this rule: Purely private social events, such as weddings, regardless of the type or content; The service or consumption of alcoholic beverages, except as provided in paragraph (4)(A)3.; Box lunches, buffet style or “sit down” food service, or any other service of food or beverage is prohibited in the rotunda, except that the service of food and beverage, including alcoholic beverages, is permitted if it is part of a state government function and is approved by the Board of Public Buildings. The service of food or beverage on the Capitol grounds is prohibited unless approved by the facility manager and the food or beverage is served without charge; In order to minimize damage to the rotunda floor, dance events, including demonstrations such as clogging, square dancing and other such activity, are prohibited in the rotunda, unless the events are part of a state government function and are approved by the Board of Public Buildings; Commercial activities, including the sale of any goods or services and any other activities undertaken for the primary purpose of obtaining a financial return for the benefit of an individual or organization, whether organized for profit or not, except as otherwise authorized in this rule; The solicitation of contributions, gifts or donations is prohibited in all common areas of the Capitol Building, and the distribution of leaflets or other materials and all other forms of solicitation, including solicitation of support for any political candidate or cause is prohibited in all common areas of the Capitol Building except the rotunda and the south steps; Making any speech or conducting any organized activity involving two (2) or more persons without first obtaining a permit from the facility manager, or distributing leaflets or other materials which have not been provided to the facility manager in conjunction with an application for a permit, or leaving leaflets or other materials unattended; Any activity that obstructs the free ingress or egress of those wishing to enter or leave the rotunda or other portions of the Capitol; A sound level, noise, or any other activity that disrupts the business of government in the Capitol; The use of balloons of any kind in the rotunda; Smoking in any of the common areas inside the Capitol Building, except in those areas that have specifically been designated as “smoking areas”; Guns or weapons of any kind , except as authorized in section (5) of this rule; The use, in the rotunda, of lighted candles or other devices which produce flames; Signs, banners and like material shall not be fastened in any way to the walls, surfaces, or railing surrounding the rotunda. Wood, metal or plastic poles or standards shall not be used to support signs or banners and shall not be brought onto the Capitol grounds. Signs displayed during an activity shall not contain any obscene words or symbols; Any other activity that presents a significant likelihood of damage to the rotunda or other portions of the Capitol; Camping, as previously defined in this rule; and Any activity that is a violation of federal, state or local law.
Capitol Building
Maps of all the different floors of the Capitol building are available here or here. The rotunda is in the center of the first floor, it's hard to miss. The cafeteria is in the northwest end of the basement, right across from the elevators. (Another set of elevators can be found at the southeast end of the building.) The visitor galleries overlooking the Senate and House chambers are on the fourth floor. The second and third floors are mostly offices.
Parking
See the Capitol Complex Parking Map for an interactive map with click-for-details on most of the parking lots in the area, or download a map here. Of course, metered parking is also available on city streets and around the capitol, plus there is a fairly close public parking garage at Madison Street and Capitol Avenue. Carpooling is suggested.
Rally Flyer
Click or right-click the image to download the PDF. Help get the word out — print and distribute! Gun clubs, ranges, and gun stores usually allow posting.
Rally Day Poster by GCLA.
Contact
Questions? For bus rides and all other information about the Gun Rights Rally, please call:
WMSA at (877) 333-9672
or
GCLA at (314) 385-4867
We hope to see you there!
In a restructuring move first reported by ReCode Friday, Twitter will lay off approximately 8 percent of its work force, which amounts to up to 336 employees. It's Jack Dorsey's first major act as "permanent CEO," after having been elevated from interim. They confirmed the move, appropriately enough, with a tweet.
There's no good way to announce that hundreds of people are about to have a very bad day, but at least in tweeting Dorsey also highlighted both the inherent strengths and weaknesses of their platform. Ability to express the right combination of empathy and steely determination in just 140 characters? Check. Ability to fully detail the morning's announcement? Not so much; Dorsey had to link out to the SEC filing that contained their letter to employees, bouncing users to the Web. This also seems like big enough news to merit a Moment, collecting reactions from users and any developing information, but it seems as though Twitter won't be covering itself.
The full text of Dorsey's letter is below:
Aaron Travis Daniels, 20, aka Harun Muhammad, aka Abu Yusef, of Columbus, Ohio, pleaded guilty to attempting to provide material support to the Islamic State of Iraq and al-Sham (ISIS), a designated foreign terrorist organization, in violation of Title 18, U.S. Code, Section 2339B.
Acting Assistant Attorney General for National Security Dana J. Boente, U.S. Attorney Benjamin C. Glassman of the Southern District of Ohio, Special Agent in Charge Angela L. Byers of the FBI's Cincinnati Division, and agencies participating in the Southern Ohio Joint Terrorism Task Force (JTTF) made the announcement. The plea was entered before Chief U.S. District Judge Edmund A. Sargus Jr.
“Daniels admitted that they attempted to travel abroad to provide material support to ISIS,” said Acting Assistant Attorney General Boente. “Identifying, thwarting and holding accountable individuals who attempt to provide material support to foreign terrorist organizations is a top priority of the Department of Justice.”
“This case demonstrates how terrorist activities abroad can reach into our local communities,” U.S. Attorney Glassman said. “Our office and agencies in the JTTF will continue to cooperate as we work to protect our national security.”
JTTF agents arrested Daniels on Nov. 7, 2106, as they attempted to leave Columbus with the intent to join ISIS in Libya. A federal grand jury indicted them on Nov. 10, 2016. Daniels has been in custody since their arrest.
Daniels faces a maximum sentence of 20 years in prison. The maximum statutory sentence is prescribed by Congress and is provided here for informational purposes. If convicted of any offense, the sentencing of the defendant will be determined by the court based on the advisory Sentencing Guidelines and other statutory factors.
The Columbus JTTF is made up of officers and agents from the FBI, U.S. Marshals Service, Columbus Division of Police, Franklin County Sheriff's Office, Ohio State Highway Patrol, The Ohio State University Police Department, the Ohio Investigative Unit, U.S. Immigrations and Customs Enforcement, the John Glenn International Airport Police Department, Westerville Police Department and Columbus Division of Fire.
This case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorneys Jessica W. Knight and Jessica Kim, and Special Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Gibson of the Southern District of Ohio, and Trial Attorney Michael Dittoe of the National Security Division's Counterterrorism Section.
Europe may yet destroy the Tory party
What Lord Heseltine really told the Limehouse Podcast
George Turner Blocked Unblock Follow Dec 28, 2017
The frothing mouths on the hard right of the Conservative Party have been spitting out their Christmas Pudding. Michael Heseltine's head is being demanded on a plate. Their crime? In an interview with our show — the Limehouse Podcast — The former Conservative Deputy Prime Minister said that in their view, Brexit would be even worse than a Labour government — and to be clear, their idea about what a Labour government might achieve was not positive.
A Conservative politician saying that a Labour government would be damaging would hardly be considered controversial in normal times, but the interview has sparked outrage from the hard right of the Tory party, with the Bow Group demanding that Lord Heseltine is kicked out of the party. For the bluekip faction, Heseltine's gybe must have been particularly painful, for they are saying that Brexit will be worse than their wildest nightmares — Jeremy Corbyn as Prime Minister. Norman Tebbit, not someone usually taken with moderation has really leapt off their tree — suggesting that Heseltine is some sort of foreign agent, questioning their loyalty to Britain.
But if the Conservatives care about the future of their party they would do well to ignore the squeals coming from the swivel eyed ideologues and listen to the warning Lord Heseltine is trying to give their colleagues. Brexit may yet come to destroy the Tory party.
The will of the people
Ever since the referendum both Theresa May and Jeremy Corbyn have treated the result as sacrosanct. The will of the people must not be challenged — both Labour and the Tories have committed to delivering Brexit.
But as we motor towards the cliff edge, the realities of post-EU Britain are being demonstrated to the public more clearly than the Remain campaign was ever able to during the referendum. Our NHS will not be getting £350m a week — instead it will be more like another £350 on our shopping bills and a series of large ‘divorce' payments.
Many are starting to learn a little more about world trade too. Surprisingly, the reason we don't have global free trade is not because no one ever thought of it before Liam Fox. Trade deals are hard, and involve accepting hard compromises, something which the hard-liners that make up the Brexit elite are fundamentally incapable of.
There is no trade deal in the world that is better than the deal we have with the European Union, and the ‘red lines' set down by the government in our negotiations with Europe means we are unable to negotiate anything like it for the future. We are fast heading to a world where the UK, a once great trading nation, is about to move to the margins of the global trade system.
As reality bites the public are starting to go cold on Brexit. The latest opinion polls put Remain clearly ahead. Lord Heseltine, in their interview on the Limehouse Podcast, predicted that as we get closer to Brexit, that margin would only increase.
But if the public start to believe that this has all been a terrible mistake, how does the politics of this play out?
The politics of an exit from Brexit
In recent weeks we have spoken to two Tory grandees on the Limehouse Podcast, Lord Heseltine and Ken Clarke, both of whom believe that it is inevitable that Labour will abandon its support for a hard Brexit at some point in the future. Ken Clarke said that although Jeremy Corbyn was in their heart a supporter of a hard Brexit they simply didn't have the backing of their party on this issue.
So far the Labour party has managed to keep this tension under the surface by their policy of strategic ambiguity on Brexit. That policy has largely involved telling their supporters that the Tories are making a disaster of Brexit, whilst supporting that disaster (and the Tories) in the House of Commons.
Ambiguity is becoming increasingly untenable, and if Labour does at some point start to remember that they are the opposition and begin to oppose, what then happens to the Tories? If they continue to allow themselves to be led by the Brexit extremes of their party, they will quickly find themselves defending a policy that almost everyone else, including the public, has abandoned. They will be in the absurd position of telling the people that they are only carrying out their will, when the people will be willing them to stop. Under those circumstances, the next election will not look pretty for the Maybot.
That was the point that Lord Heseltine was making in their interview with Will Porteous Blythe.
The Tories have been here before — and it wasn't good the last time
The 2017 General Election demonstrated that British politics is highly volatile. Theresa May managed to turn a twenty point lead in the polls into a hung parliament in just six short weeks. In the circumstances of a Labour opposition opposing Brexit, and a Tory party heading enthusiastically towards the Brexit cliff, many traditional Conservative supporters might well do the thing that their leaders seem incapable of and put their country before their party.
Let's not forget — Lord Heseltine has seen this all before. Not long after they deposed Thatcher and John Major won their surprise election on a razor thin majority, the Tory party started to self destruct — fighting over Europe and mired in a series of sex scandals. In 1997 they were almost wiped out, and went into a long period of opposition. Twenty years later, the party of government for much of the 20th Century has only once had a majority in parliament — in a parliament that lasted just two years.
Heseltine's words should not be taken as them having any sympathy with Labour, but rather a fear that Brexit hard liners like John Redwood could yet finish the job they came close to completing in the mid 1990s — destroy the Tory party from within.
(Cherie A. Thurlby/U.S. Air Force/Getty Images)
Two B-2 "Spirit" aircraft, nuclear-capable stealth bombers that are as wide as a 17-story building is tall, took off early on Thursday from an air force base just outside of Knob Noster, Mo. They flew across the Pacific Ocean, past the Korean peninsula, to a small island in the Yellow Sea, where they dropped some inert munitions before flying all the way back to Missouri.
Such exercises are rare, or at least rarely publicized: after it was over, the U.S. military announced the practice bombing run, the first time it has ever acknowledged a B-2 mission over the Korean peninsula, according to a New York Times story.
Why conduct such an elaborate exercise? A big part of the answer is, of course, as a deterrent to North Korea's recent provocations, which have included severing emergency communication lines with the South, announcing a state of readiness for war and threatening "pre-emptive" nuclear strikes on the U.S.
But there may be something more going on here. Pyongyang's latest threats are not new; although U.S. shows-of-force are part of the routine, this was an unusually dramatic way to demonstrate American deterrent capability. It's possible that the bombing test run was also meant as a message to South Korea. That would be a deterrence of a very different sort: not from war, but from the possibility that this long-reliant American ally might seek to develop its own nuclear weapons program.
South Korea has long been under the American nuclear "umbrella," meaning that the U.S. extends its nuclear deterrent to South Korean soil. But, over the last year, a small group of right-leaning South Korean politicians and opinion-makers have been arguing that their country should develop its own "indigenous" nuclear weapons. And South Koreans appear to be increasingly persuaded: a recent poll estimated that two thirds of the country supported the plan.
According to a New York Times story on the rising South Korean calls for a nuclear program of its own, the public support is less about fear of the North (although that's certainly part of it) than it is about doubts that Uncle Sam will always be there to help out:
One of the biggest is the creeping resurgence of old fears about the reliability of this nation's longtime protector, the United States. Experts say the talk of South Korea's acquiring nuclear weapons is an oblique way to voice the concerns of a small but growing number of South Koreans that the United States, either because of budget cuts or a lack of will, may one day no longer act as the South's ultimate insurance policy.
A big, showy B-2 test run over the Korean peninsula probably isn't going to change North Korea's behavior very much – it's hard to imagine that Pyongyang has any doubts about what would happen if it started a second Korean war. But it might help persuade South Korean citizens and politicians that the U.S. really is there for them.
The U.S. persuaded South Korea not to develop its own nuclear weapons once before, in the 1970s, when Seoul's then-military government wanted nukes to deter the North. The U.S., then as now, wanted to reduce any nuclear weapons proliferation. Every additional nuclear state lowers the threshold and taboo for the next one, as well as raising the risks that some misstep, miscalculation or miscommunication might lead to nuclear war. And, even if none of those things happen, it's difficult to predict how China might react to having a pro-American nuclear power so close to its border.
A nuclear-armed South Korea would actually risk causing the thing that Seoul so fears, lessening the American support. The U.S. has invested so much time and energy into deterring any new nuclear development, particularly in the Middle East, that it might feel compelled to distance itself from the South if that country violates the Non-Proliferation Treaty.
Duyeon Kim, a Korea expert at the Center for Arms Control and Non-Proliferation, warned darkly that a South Korean nuclear program "would be a clear violation of international law that would sever political and economic relations with its closest ally, the U.S., and neighboring countries." With the drop in international trade, they predicted, "No more smartphones, no more fashion, no more musical sensations like Psy."
If it's a choice between an isolated and nuclear-armed South Korea versus a U.S.-supported but U.S.-reliant South Korea, then even the country's more nationalist politicians would probably choose the latter. So would Washington. And what better way to signal it than with a nice air show?
All Whites striker Chris Wood makes a run against the Solomon Islands during a clash in Auckland in 2012. New Zealand will meet the same opponent in the Oceania qualifying final.
The Solomon Islands stand between the Whites and a place in the intercontinental playoffs for the 2018 Fifa World Cup.
New Zealand's opponent for the two-legged Oceania qualifying final was determined after the Solomon Islands won their final game in Pool B, overcoming Papua New Guinea 2-1 in Port Moresby on Tuesday night.
The two legged final will be contested over August 28 and September 5 with New Zealand overwhelming favourites.
Should the Whites account for the Solomon Islands they would face the fifth placed team in Conmebol (South America) over two legs in November for a spot at next year's Fifa World Cup.
READ MORE:
* All Whites have pressing concerns
* All Whites poor in Belarus loss
* All Whites eye a win against Belarus
Tahiti, who started the day level on points with the Solomon Islands, but with no games remaining, were given a glimmer of hope when Papua New Guinea opened the scoring through Raymond Gunemba, who turned out for Hamilton Wanderers in the national league this past season.
The key moment in the game came when PNG central defender Felix Komolong, who played for Canterbury United this summer, was shown red in the 31st minute.
Henry Fa'arodo scored from the resulting penalty to level the score for the Solomons. They then went ahead in first half added time through Jerry Donga, which proved to be the decisive goal.
AT A GLANCE:
Group A final points (four rounds):
New Zealand 10, New Caledonia 5, Fiji 1.
Group B final points (four rounds):
Solomon Islands 9, Tahiti 6, Papua New Guinea 3.
UPDATE, 8/15/17: In the wake of racist violence in Virginia, Marshawn Lynch and Michael Bennett have also begun protesting the national anthem.
Numerous NFL players joined 49ers quarterback Colin Kaepernick in protesting during the national anthem before NFL games on Sunday.
Kaepernick was the first NFL player this season to make a statement with their actions during the anthem. They began by sitting during the national anthem before preseason games, but later decided to take a knee instead after speaking with former Seahawks long snapper and Army veteran Nate Boyer.
Broncos linebacker Brandon Marshall kneeled before Thursday's season opener against the Panthers and the practice has also spread to colleges and high schools.
On the first Sunday of the season, several players followed suit.
Marcus Peters, Chiefs
While Chiefs players stood together for the anthem and locked arms, Peters raised a glove fist in an image reminiscent of John Carlos and Tommie Smith at the 1968 Olympics.
“We're here for the duration; we're not going away,” Carlos told The Kansas City Star after seeing Peters's gesture. “What you see today is the fruit of our labor.”
Peters said they told head coach Andy Reid before the game that they planned to raise their fist.
“Listen, I'm going to tell you we're in America,” Reid said afted the game, according to the Star. “This kid comes from Oakland and does a phenomenal job in the community and Oakland. There's no question they respect … law enforcement, military; you don't ever question that with this guy.”
Miami Dolphins
Running back Arian Foster, linebacker Jelani Jenkins, receiver Kenny Stills and safety Michael Thomas all kneeled during the anthem.
#Dolphins players Kenny Stills, Michael Thomas, Arian Foster and Jelani Jenkins took a knee during national anthem. pic.twitter.com/AJx9f763KE — James Walker (@JamesWalkerNFL) September 11, 2016
“They say it's not the time to do this,” Foster said, according to USA Today. “When is the time? It's never the time in somebody else's eye, because they'll always feel like it's good enough. And some people don't. That's the beautiful thing about this country. If somebody feels it's not good enough, they have that right. That's all we're doing, exercising that right.”
The Dolphins released a statement saying they respected their players' rights to protest.
The Seahawks players on the other side of the field locked arms, as they said they would Saturday.
Seahawks players lock arms as they said they would for national anthem. pic.twitter.com/l43UtisLkp — Greg Bishop (@GregBishopSI) September 11, 2016
Devin McCourty and Martellus Bennett, Patriots
Before their Sunday Night Football game against the Cardinals, McCourty and Bennett stood for the anthem and raised their fists after it concluded.
“I wore socks with the American flag. I believe in this country. I love this country,” McCourty said, according to ESPN.com. “My father was in the Army. My older brother was in the Army. Those men and women go out there and put their lives on the line. I respect that. That's the reason why I didn't do anything during the national anthem because I respect it. You talk to people about how much respect they have for the flag. That's why they believe. That's why they go fight. Nothing but respect for that.”
JERUSALEM — Israel is to submit a claim to the United Nations in the next few days demarcating its maritime boundary with Lebanon, officials here said Sunday, amid a dispute between the countries over an area of the Mediterranean Sea that is potentially rich with energy resources.
The Israeli cabinet approved a map of the Israeli-proposed line on Sunday. “This boundary will delineate the area in which the state enjoys exclusive economic rights, including the right to exploit the sea's natural resources,” Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told their cabinet. “Our goal,” they said, “is to determine Israel's position regarding its maritime border, in keeping with the principles of international maritime law.”
Israel's line stakes out more territory for itself than one that Lebanon drew and submitted to the United Nations a few months ago. Mr. Netanyahu said that the boundary drawn by the Lebanese conflicted with the line that Israel had agreed upon with Cyprus and, more significantly, with the line that Lebanon itself had agreed upon with Cyprus in 2007.
Since Israel recently confirmed the existence of a major natural gas field off its northern coast, drawing a maritime boundary with Lebanon has become a matter of some urgency.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Officials here have said that the gas discovery could turn Israel into an energy exporter, a surprising turnaround for a country with a long history of dependence on foreign energy in a largely hostile region.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Noble Energy, a company based in Houston that is working with several Israeli partner companies, said that the field, named Leviathan, has at least 16 trillion cubic feet of gas, at a likely market value of tens of billions of dollars. Last year, the United States Geological Survey estimated that more than 120 trillion cubic feet of recoverable gas reserves lie beneath the waters of the Eastern Mediterranean, most of it within Israeli territory.
More Breakfast Everything you need to make the most important meal of the day delicious.
Step 1: Purchase a Bacon, Egg & Cheese Biscuit
What can I say? I actually like McDonald's breakfast sandwiches. I grew up above a McDonald's and my favorite mornings were the ones where we woke up too late to fix a proper breakfast at home so we'd grab a Bacon, Egg & Cheese Biscuit from the drive-thru on the way to school.
To this day I'll occasionally sneak off to McDonald's for a clandestine sandwich, guiltily snarfing down the salty buttery biscuit, the gooey American cheese, the weirdly spongy egg patty and the bacon-that's-not-really-bacon-but-still-delicious.
And my wife has a disproportionately large love for McDonald's hash browns. (Disproportionate as in she's small and their love is large).
Finally, just the other day, I was thinking about how there aren't enough crispy-potato-as-sandwich-filling sandwiches. Putting these three thoughts together I was struck by an idea that could be a) genius, b) stupid, or c) ingeniously stupid.
Karl Pilkington, a man with very little education, once said that "there's no difference in being genius or being a fool." You be the judge.
You've seen step one, here are the rest.
Step 2: Purchase a Hash Brown
NB: You may also receive this hash brown as part of a value meal.
Step 3: Open the Bacon, Egg & Cheese Biscuit
NB: At some McDonald's, poor quality control might lead the assembler to stick the cheese on top of the egg. In this case, remove the bottom half of the biscuit instead.
Step 4: Bite Off 1/3rd of the Hash Brown
NB: You may also tear it, cut it, or punch it off as desired.
Step 5: Place Remaining Hash Brown Patty on Egg
NB: It should fit perfectly on top. If not eat off edges as necessary.
Step 6: Place Top Back on Sandwich
NB: This is excellent to try whilst hungover.
Step 7: Profit
NB: Also works with other McDonald's sandwiches.
This post may contain links to Amazon or other partners; your purchases via these links can benefit Serious Eats. Read more about our affiliate linking policy.
Talk about unikernels is starting to gain momentum. Still, these are such early days for this technology that implements the bare minimum of the traditional operating system functions. Its functionality is a topic we discussed last month in a post by Russell Pavlicek of Citrix. As Pavlicek wrote, unikernels implement the bare minimum of the traditional operating system functions — just enough to enable the application it powers.
They remove the bulk that comes with standard operating systems. They also reduce the attack surface, as they can be turned on and off at any time and are separated from the OS itself, except for the functions that are compiled with the application code into a single executable. It's that executable that contains what's needed for the workload to function on top of a hypervisor.
The result is a much smaller payload which can be deployed quickly, in high density, and with a greatly improved security footprint.
At ContainerCon, we discussed the unikernel topic in context with containers in a session moderated by Alex Williams, founder of The New Stack. Speaking on the panel were Jérôme Petazzoni of Docker; Adam Wick, research lead at Galois, a research and development firm; James Bulpin, head of technology for XenServer at Citrix; Anil Madhavapeddy, professor at the University of Cambridge, and Martin Lucina of Rump Kernels.
The panel addressed several questions, such as the following:
Are unikernels related, separate or do they overlap?
What's the unique value that each of them offer developers?
Where do unikernels fit into the container story?
What programming languages are required to deploy unikernels?
Here's a look at the similarities and differences that were discussed:
The group looked at the different choices in the unikernel ecosystem:
Some of the challenges that the panelists identified in discussions prior to the panel discussion:
Debugging/logging integration with operations tools.
The need for easy to use Docker-like build frontends.
Continuous deployment and orchestration engines.
As container technology continues to move forward with the release of Docker 1.8, unikernels stand apart as a way to build lightweight applications complete with dependencies that can be taken apart, restructured, or split into further individual processes based on the needs of the project.
Galois brought an R&D project from a client in core OS design that presented unikernels as a way to refactor programs quickly while avoiding bottlenecks. Wick spoke of another instance in which unikernels were a solution offered to allow a client the ability to use Xen on a laptop to run Windows in their secure facility by re-routing network traffic to an IPsec tunnel in a lightweight and secure application.
Unikernels also allow for mix-and-match flexibility based on what a developer needs to create an application. Rump Kernels are built for getting the maximum amount done while reusing as much existing code as possible. Unikernels address current security concerns taking place surrounding containers, by presenting the ability to have applications that are robust while also having the security of a hypervisor without the drain on system resources.
Comparing Unikernels and Containers
Containers and unikernels are similar technologies, with unikernels described as, “A Docker container on a diet.” By bringing unikernels to Docker, this could allow for more development teams using them and becoming more familiar with the technology, as has occurred with Docker and working with unikernels. Rump kernels are used as a testing and QA framework, maintained and production-quality, with KVM support alongside bare metal support. Containers and unikernels accomplish the same goal, isolating processes and code to run it separately. Panelist Martin Lucina highlighted one of the major differences between Rump kernels and others during the panel, stating:
“The thing to know with Rump kernels is it's about getting the maximum amount done with a minimal amount of ucode and re-using existing code as much as possible.”
If one is building mission-critical systems, unikernels give developers explicit control over core security areas of their application. Developers can choose the output result while working with unikernels. In comparison, Docker containers have everything they need to run enabled by default. In unikernels, many features are turned off by default, meaning more initial setup and choices for a project team. Once these choices have been made, the result is resilient new stacks that are secure while also being customizable to the needs of the project.
Unikernels in Modern Dev Environments
The first generation of cloud focused on orchestration: how to take an existing workload and make it agile. That made perfect sense. We already had fully functional, complex application stacks from the time before cloud; we just needed to fit these applications into the new world of the cloud. Panelist Adam Wick offered an example of where unikernels will shine in a modern dev environment for those that may be struggling to see where they can apply unikernels in their pipeline:
“Network protection services, network routing, or software-defined networking are great places for unikernels. If you're asking yourself if one is great and 100 would be better, then a unikernel could be a great choice because you can run 100 pretty easily.”
However, the next generation of cloud needs to create workloads which are efficient, fast and secure. The current workloads useful machine images, from a general purpose operating system with supporting libraries and utilities up to the application layer. They have large memory footprints, can use gigabytes of disk space just on the operating system level, and can take minutes to start up. They also suffer from potentially large attack surfaces, as a full operating system layer with utilities can be fertile ground for malevolent crackers to plant their weeds in your IT garden.
Docker is a sponsor of The New Stack.
Feature image: “Texture Blue No. 37” by Elné is licensed under CC BY 2.0.
There are special clowns you won't find in the circus, or in the theater, or at children's birthday parties, but instead in children's hospitals, standing next to the doctor or nurse, trying to make patients laugh.
Dream Doctors in Israel is building a nationwide professional community of medical clowns who learn a combination of nursing and comedy skills to make hospital experience less traumatic and more pleasant for children.
Get our weekly newsletter directly in your inbox! Sign up
The project started 10 years ago, with only three clowns in one hospital. Today Dream Doctors has 72 professional clowns active in various pediatric wards and clinics at 20 hospitals across the country.
Related Stories:
Friendship Park: A Playground For Children With Disabilities
Dolphin Therapy Helps Mute Israeli Teen Speak Again
While hospitals around the world invite clowns as visiting entertainers, at Dream Doctors the clowns are a full-time part of the medical staff. This project turns “clown therapy” into a standardized, research-backed healthcare profession. In this model, the clown therapist is not an outsider but a member of staff, with regular hours and responsibilities.
Part of the medical staff
Daniel Shriqui, director of the Dream Doctors Project, tells NoCamels: “In other places clowns come into hospitals in the afternoon, after rounds are over. Here, we work integrally together during rounds. I don't see the medical clowns differently than any other part of the team. It's not entertainment, it's not just a performance; it's therapy.”
[youtube]http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K3q0l1fesHM[/youtube]
But what does medical clowning have to offer? Shriqui explains that “medical clowning is about taking a reality that can be horrible, and putting it in another way, so the child will experience it from another place.” They add that “if you want to understand a child, you have to go inside their world and play their game. The best way to work with children is with the imagination of their world. This way you empower them. This is what we do. And if the child is more positive, the whole atmosphere is better.”
According to Shriqui, “there are many children that come back to visit the clown. There are children who won't go through the procedure without the clown. Once the doctor starts with a clown, they won't finish it without one.”
The criteria to become a medical clown are demanding and Dream Doctors requires academic training. “In our organization in Israel, we try to pick mature people with families, who have experience in the theater arts and a rich world from which they can relate to the children and they have to go through a difficult training,” says Karin Schneid, program coordinator for the Magi Foundation that funds Dream Doctors.
“We also encourage them to get a degree from Haifa University, where we have a one-of-a-kind accredited BA program in clown therapy. We are also planning a master's program. But mostly, you have to have a great heart.”
Clowning therapy requires therapeutic, medical, artistic, psychological and nursing skills. Shriqui mentions that “the clown makes a show where the hero is the patient.” As a Dream Doctor clown put it: “Laughter and pain, and happiness and sadness are all mixed up in our work.”
Pain relief, stress reduction
Research on medical clowning was conducted in Israel and results suggest that putting trained clowns on the medical team leads to measurable benefits in pain relief, stress reduction and stronger immunity. “Even before research was conducted you could tell it was successful because of the growing demand from children, parents and doctors to bring in clowns,” says Shriqui.
Dr. Amos Etzioni, director at one of the participating hospitals, adds: “I have no doubts that since Dream Doctors came to us four years ago, we have seen incredible changes in everything that is happening in the hospital.”
To date, only ten Israeli hospitals are not employing Dream Doctors and the waiting list is growing larger from clinics in demand of clowns.
Nearly one hundred thousand patients, mainly children, are annually exposed to medical clowns in Israel.
Dream Doctors is now planning to turn to elderly patients, particularly those with Alzheimer's disease and Dementia.
Bridging the gap
The success of this paramedical model is also apparent in the growing global interest, especially from the United States, Canada and Australia. In an international congress that took place in Jerusalem last October, over 250 representatives from 20 countries came to inquire about the medical clowning approach.
In the meantime, the Dream Doctors project is also reaching out to third-world countries. In January 2010, they contributed to the humanitarian mission to hospitals and orphanages in Haiti following the earthquake.
Additionally, Dream Doctors says they are a tool to bridge the gap between different cultures in Israel. Hospitals in in the country are multicultural meeting grounds for immigrants from the former Soviet Union and Ethiopia, ultra-Orthodox and secular Jews, Bedouin, Druse and Israeli Arabs.
“Clowns facilitate interactions across religious, ethnic and national lines. Their expressive abilities enable them to bridge between opposites, elicit smiles and inspire trust in the medical team and the treatment process,” says Shriqui.
UPDATE: Nov. 30 ― President-elected Donald Trump has tapped Steven Mnuchin, a former Goldman Sachs banker with ties to Hollywood, to be their Treasury Secretary.
Mnuchin confirmed the news to CNBC on Wednesday.
Mnuchin: "The number one problem with the Volcker Rule is it's too complicated and people don't know what to do with it." — Phil Mattingly (@Phil_Mattingly) November 30, 2016
PREVIOUSLY:
Donald Trump said the system is rigged. They said hedge fund managers are “getting away with murder.” They said that he'd “tax Wall Street.” They called Washington D.C. corrupt and promised to “drain the swamp.” They said their opponent Hillary Clinton was too cozy with the banks, as epitomized by their closed-door paid speeches. They said Clinton's vice presidential nominee, Tim Kaine, was “owned by the banks” and that he, Trump, would break them up. Trump closed their campaign with an ad bashing Goldman Sachs and George Soros, using classically anti-Semitic phrases.
And now, according to The New York Times, ABC and CBS, the president-elect has chosen a second-generation Goldman Sachs partner who worked for George Soros before starting a hedge fund and buying IndyMac, a failing California bank that made billions while foreclosing on homeowners after the financial crisis.
Steven Mnuchin's takeover of IndyMac is a story about everything Americans have come to hate about how the financial crisis was allowed to unfold ― ordinary people panicking, savvy investors pouncing, a government guarantee that saved a bank but didn't even try to keep people in their homes, a clever rebranding, rampant foreclosures, billions of dollars in profits. And now, the cruel punchline: The man behind it is being nominated for treasury secretary by a self-proclaimed billionaire populist.
Mnuchin got the idea to invest in IndyMac when they saw TV news footage of panicked customers at ATMs, Bloomberg's Max Abelson and Zachary Mider reported. “This bank is going to end up failing, and we need to figure out how to buy it. … I've seen this game before,” Mnuchin said at the time, according to Abelson and Mider.
And so, in 2008, during the depths of the financial crisis, Mnuchin's fund ― along with Soros, Trump-supporting hedge fund billionaire John Paulson and other investors ― scooped up IndyMac for $1.6 billion. After renaming it One West and foreclosing on thousands of homeowners it had written bad loans to, Mnuchin and their partners sold the bank for $3.4 billion in 2015. (Mnuchin now sits on the board of the company that acquired OneWest, CIT.)
OneWest played a particularly large role foreclosing on reverse mortgages, in which generally elderly homeowners slowly sell off the equity they've built in their homes to fund their retirements. It made up just 17 percent of the market for these contracts, but accounted for a whopping 39 percent of all reverse mortgage foreclosures in the years following the financial crisis.
OneWest has been accused of racist lending and business practices by housing advocacy groups. It failed to locate bank branches in minority neighborhoods, loaned money to “very few or no” people of color and did a better job maintaining and marketing foreclosed homes in mostly white neighborhoods, according to a complaint filed by two housing advocacy groups with the Department of Housing and Urban Development on Nov. 16.
Such discrimination, called “redlining,” keeps people of color in poverty by making it harder for them to buy homes. It was banned in 1968 under the Fair Housing Act.
As treasury secretary, Mnuchin would have sweeping authority over the industry they were born into and made millions working in, as well as a central role in economic policies like Trump's proposed sweeping tax cuts.
They would also have to liquidate their holdings in their hedge fund in order to avoid conflicts of interest. As is also the case for the president they would serve, simply putting the fund's current assets under a new manager is not sufficient because Mnuchin has detailed knowledge of those assets.
However, it won't be all sacrifice. Like then-Goldman Sachs CEO Hank Paulson before him, selling their assets to comply with conflict of interest rules would enable Mnuchin to defer paying capital gains taxes.
Trump has also reportedly chosen Wilbur Ross, a billionaire private equity investor, as commerce secretary.
When it comes to film criticism, Rotten Tomatoes and CinemaScore are points of contention. Members of the Hollywood industry continue to question the larger implications of these rating systems in light of films like mother! (which received an F CinemaScore) and Flatliners (which started out with a 0 percent Rotten Tomatoes grade). For Martin Scorsese, who penned a passionate and thought-provoking column on the state of film criticism, these platforms have become “hostile to serious filmmakers.”
“Like everyone else, I've received my share of positive and negative reviews,” the Oscar-winning director writes in The Hollywood Reporter. “The negative ones obviously aren't much fun, but they come with the territory. However, I will say that in the past, when some critics had problems with one of my pictures, they would generally respond in a thoughtful manner, with actual positions that they felt obliged to argue. Over the past 20 years or so, many things have changed in cinema.”
One of these changes, they continue, is how entertainment journalism focuses on box office.
“I'm afraid that they've become…everything,” Scorsese remarks. “Box office is the undercurrent in almost all discussions of cinema, and frequently it's more than just an undercurrent. The brutal judgmentalism that has made opening weekend grosses into a bloodthirsty spectator sport seems to have encouraged an even more brutal approach to film reviewing.”
Market research firms like CinemaScore and online “aggregators” like Rotten Tomatoes “have absolutely nothing to do with real film criticism” and instead “rate a picture the way you'd rate a horse at the racetrack, a restaurant in a Zagat's guide, or a household appliance in Consumer Reports,” they continue. “They have everything to do with the movie business and absolutely nothing to do with either the creation or the intelligent viewing of film. The filmmaker is reduced to a content manufacturer and the viewer to an unadventurous consumer.”
Scorsese asserts that the rise of these platforms yields the decline of “film criticism written by passionately engaged people with actual knowledge of film history” and an increase of “people who seem to take pleasure in seeing films and filmmakers rejected, dismissed, and in some cases ripped to shreds.”
The “rush to judgment” with Darren Aronofsky's mother! prompted Scorsese to pen the column. “Good films by real filmmakers aren't made to be decoded, consumed, or instantly comprehended. They're not even made to be instantly liked. They're just made, because the person behind the camera had to make them,” they write in defense of the film. “And as anyone familiar with the history of movies knows all too well, there a very long list of titles — The Wizard of Oz, It's a Wonderful Life, Vertigo, and Point Blank, to name just a few — that were rejected on first release and went on to become classics. Tomatometer ratings and Cinemascoregrades will be gone soon enough. Maybe they'll be muscled out by something even worse. Or maybe they'll fade away and dissolve in the light of a new spirit in film literacy. Meanwhile, passionately crafted pictures like mother! will continue to grow in our minds.”
Brett Ratner, who's directing a biopic of Hugh Hefner with star Jared Leto, was another voice calling out Rotten Tomatoes as “the worst thing that we have in today's movie culture” and “the destruction of our business.” However, a study from the Data & Analytics Project at USC's Entertainment Technology Center determined there was “no (positive or negative) correlation in 2017 between Rotten Tomatoes Scores and box office returns.”
Jordan Vogt-Roberts (Kong: Skull Island), meanwhile, had more to say about what Scorsese refers to in their column as “brutal judgmentalism.” Vogt-Roberts condemned the YouTube series CinemaSins in response to a particularly scathing dissection of their King Kong film.
“Mystery Science Theatre built something artful, endearing and comedic on top of the foundation [of] other people's work,” they wrote in a series of tweets. “It had merit to itself,” Roberts began in a series of tweets. “Things like [CinemaSins] simply suck the lifeblood of other people and are often just wrong about intent or how cinema works. It's terrible.”
The Department of Defense has announced that it will invite hackers to test the cybersecurity infrastructure of the Pentagon in a bug bounty program – the first ever in the history of the federal government.
A pilot program by the Department of Defense will see ‘vetted' hackers test their hacking prowess on the department's public webpages to look for vulnerabilities. The bug bounty program will use commercial sector crowdsourcing platforms for the endeavor, according to a press release by the Department of Defense.
Participants in the bug bounty program will have to be registered and willingly submit to a background check prior to taking any part in the program. After gaining approval, the bug bounty program will see the vetted white hat hackers look for vulnerabilities on a “predetermined department system” in a controlled environment. Fundamentally, the department's crucial, mission-ready systems will not be under the purview of the bug bounty program.
In a statement, Secretary of Defense Ash Carter claimed:
I am always challenging our people to think outside the five-sided box that is the Pentagon. Inviting responsible hackers to test our cybersecurity certainly meets that test. I am confident this innovative initiative will strengthen our digital defenses and ultimately enhance our national security.
Although details are currently scarce, participants in the bug bounty program “could” be eligible for monetary rewards and other recognition, the release revealed.
Aptly named “Hack the Pentagon”, the initiative is put together by the department's Defense Digital Service (DDS), the new arm of the US Digital Service launched in November 2015. The team is equipped with a small group of engineers and data experts tasked with the duty to improve the department's technological agility.
DDS Director and tech entrepreneur Chris Lynch added:
Bringing in the best talent, technology and processes from the private sector not only helps us deliver comprehensive, more secure solutions to the DoD, but it also helps us better protect our country.
The ground rules for the bug bounty program will be revealed in the coming weeks in March while the pilot program will see its launch next month in April.
Burma Burma Govt Accused of Participating in Genocide
At a panel discussion in Thailand on recent anti-Muslim violence in Burma, one panelist compares what is happening in the country to Pol Pot's Cambodia.
The Burmese government is conducting a concerted campaign of genocide against its Muslim minorities, with Buddhist monks and the state collaborating in violent anti-Muslim attacks, the academic and activist Maung Zarni said during a panel discussion at the Foreign Correspondents' Club of Thailand (FCCT) in Bangkok on Thursday.
“It's nothing short of genocide,” they said. “Genocide is a process that unfolds; it's a virus that spreads quickly into a contagion that cannot be stopped. What has happened in Burma in the last two years is evil, vile and depraved,” they said.
The genocide in Burma is now on the scale of Pol Pot's Cambodia, they added. “And it won't stop until all the country's Muslims and Rohingyas are eliminated.”
These are challenging times, Burmese Muslim leader Myo Win said. They run an education NGO called Smile in Rangoon, and came from Burma especially to attend the seminar to provide first-hand testimony of the situation facing Muslims in Burma.
“It's not a communal or sectarian conflict, it's a one-sided, targeted and often deadly attack against Muslims, under the purview of state authorities,” they said. “Community leaders are spreading hostility and hate against Muslims, through the distribution of pamphlets and propaganda …verbal abuse, harassment and violence,” they explained.
Inside Burma there is a state of fear among the country's Muslims, they said. The violence against the Rohingyas in Arakan last year and then the attacks on Muslims in central Burma have left most Muslim communities feeling vulnerable and scared.
But according to eye-witnesses inside Burma, the Muslim community has begun to fight back. Barricades have been set up near the Muslim quarters in Rangoon and citizen patrols are being conducted.
The Thai Buddhist social activist Sulak Sivarksa was much more measured in their comments, but drew a stark comparison between the role of monks involved in the 2007 Saffron Revolution and those in the Buddhist nationalist 969 movement. The monks in the 2007 uprising were willing to lose their lives for the good of society, they said, but the 969 monks are spreading hate.
The monks behind the 969 movement say they are reminding Buddhists of their core values and draw comparisons with Afghanistan, Bangladesh, Indonesia and Malaysia, which they say were originally Buddhist countries that were overrun by Islamists.
“Fear is the source of many problems in any society,” said Sulak. And with Burma's transition to democracy, and the increase in freedom that has accompanied it, traditional prejudices and unruliness have inevitably risen to the fore, they added.
The teachings of Buddha are very clear, they said: You can never harm anyone, but first you cannot harm yourself. A Buddhist must overcome fear, must learn to love, even the oppressors, and never stoop to violence. “Buddhism and nationalism are incompatible,” they said. “Nationalism is an extension of selfishness…not to be tolerated or condoned.”
Buddhists must have compassion; they cannot be quiet and sit on the fence, they cannot turn a blind eye, said Sulak. But this is exactly what is happening in Burma today, stressed Myo Win.
“The state's silence and inaction has been deplorable,” they said. They are responsible for the safety and security of the Muslims, but instead they seem to be complicit in the pogroms, they added.
Those involved in the violence have not been arrested, and their campaign against Muslims has been allowed to continue unhindered. They are puppets of a bigger master, they suggested.
During the panel discussion, reference was made to President Thein Sein's televised speech to the nation, in which they insisted that the government would take preventative measures and increase security and that all Muslims would be protected and allowed to worship freely.
But Zarni simply dismissed the president's pledges as worthless. “Thein Sein is a world-class liar,” they stormed.
They were also critical of opposition leader Aung San Suu Kyi, who they accused of “thunderous silence” on the issue of sectarian violence.
Sartre, after having just sampled their "tuna cassarole."
The Jean-Paul Sartre Cookbook
by Marty Smith.
From The Free Agent , March 1987 (a Portland, Oregon alternative newspaper).
We have recently been lucky enough to discover several previously lost diaries of French philosopher Jean-Paul Sartre stuck in between the cushions of our office sofa. These diaries reveal a young Sartre obsessed not with the void, but with food. Aparently Sartre, before discovering philosophy, had hoped to write "a cookbook that will put to rest all notions of flavor forever.'' The diaries are excerpted here for your perusal.
October 3
Spoke with Camus today about my cookbook. Though they have never actually eaten, they gave me much encouragement. I rushed home immediately to begin work. How excited I am! I have begun my formula for a Denver omelet.
October 4
Still working on the omelet. There have been stumbling blocks. I keep creating omelets one after another, like soldiers marching into the sea, but each one seems empty, hollow, like stone. I want to create an omelet that expresses the meaninglessness of existence, and instead they taste like cheese. I look at them on the plate, but they do not look back. Tried eating them with the lights off. It did not help. Malraux suggested paprika.
October 6
I have realized that the traditional omelet form (eggs and cheese) is bourgeois. Today I tried making one out of a cigarette, some coffee, and four tiny stones. I fed it to Malraux, who puked. I am encouraged, but my journey is still long.
October 7
Today I agian modified my omelet recipe. While my previous attempts had expressed my own bitterness, they communicated only illness to the eater. In an attempt to reach the bourgeoisie, I taped two fried eggs over my eyes and walked the streets of Paris for an hour. I ran into Camus at the Select. They called me a "pathetic dork" and told me to "go home and wash my face." Angered, I poured a bowl of bouillabaisse into their lap. They became enraged, and, seizing a straw wrapped in paper, tore off one end of the wrapper and blew through the straw. propelleing the wrapper into my eye. "Ow! You dick!" I cried. I leaped up, cursing and holding my eye, and fled.
October 10
I find myself trying ever more radical interpretations of traditional dishes, in an effort to somehow express the void I feel so acutely. Today I tried this recipe:
Tuna Casserole
Ingredients: 1 large casserole dish
Place the casserole dish in a cold oven. Place a chair facing the oven and sit in it forever. Think about how hungry you are. When night falls, do not turn on the light.
While a void is expressed in this recipe, I am struck by its inapplicability to the bourgeois lifestyle. How can the eater recognize that the food denied them is a tuna casserole and not some other dish? I am becoming more and more frustated.
October 12
My eye has become inflamed. I hate Camus.
October 25
I have been forced to abandon the project of producing an entire cookbook. Rather, I now seek a single recipe which will, by itself, embody the plight of man in a world ruled by an unfeeling God, as well as providing the eater with at least one ingredient from each of the four basic food groups. To this end, I purchased six hundred pounds of foodstuffs from the corner grocery and locked myself in the kitchen, refusing to admit anyone. After several weeks of work, I produced a recipe calling for two eggs, half a cup of flour, four tons of beef, and a leek. While this is a start, I am afraid I still have much work ahead.
November 15
I feel that I may be very close to a great breakthrough. I had been creating meal after meal, but none seemed to express the futility of existence any better than would ordering a pizza. I left the house this morning in a most depressed state, and wandered aimlessly through the streets. Suddenly, it was aif the heavens had opened. My brain was electrified with an influx of new ideas. "Juice, toast, milk.." I muttered aloud. I realized with a start that I was one ingredient away from creating the nutritious breakfast. Loathsome, true, but filled with existential authenticity. I rushed home to begin work anew.
November 18
Today I tried yet another variation: Juice, toast, milk and Chee-tos. Again, a dismal failure. I have tried everything. Juice, toast, milk and whiskey, juice, toast, milk and chicken fat, juice, toast, milk and someone else's spit. Nothing helps. I am in agony. Juice, toast, milk, they race about my fevered brain like fire, like an unholy trinity of cruel denial. And the fourth ingredient! What could it be? It eludes me like the lost chord, the Holy Grail. I must see the completion of my task, but I have no more money to spend on food. Perhaps man is not meant to know.
November 21
Camus came into the restaurant today. They did not know I was in the kitchen, and before I sent out their meal I loogied in their soup. Sic semper tyrannis.
November 23
Ran into some opposition at the restaurant. Some of the patrons complained that my breakfast special (a page out of Remembrance of Things Past and a blowtorch with which to set it on fire) did not satisfy their hunger. As if their hunger was of any consequence! "But we're starving," they say. So what? They're going to die eventually anyway. They make me want to puke. I have quit the job. It is stupid for Jean- Paul Sartre to sling hash. I have enough money to continue my work for a little while.
November 24
Last night I had a dream. In it, I am standing, alone, on a beach. A great storm is raging all about me. It begins to rain. Night falls. I am struck by how small and insignificant I am, how the entire race of Man is but a speck in the eye of God, and I am but a speck of humanity. Suddenly, a red Cadillac convertible pulls up beside me, In it is these two beautiful girls named Jojo and Wendy. I get in and the take me to their mansion in Hollywood and give me a pound of cocaine and make mad, passionate love to me for the rest of my life.
November 26
Today I made a Black Forest cake out of five pounds of cherries and a live beaver, challenging the very definition of the word "cake." I was very pleased. Malraux said they admired it greatly, but could not stay for dessert. Still, I feel that this may be my most profound achievement yet, and have resolved to enter it in the Betty Crocker Bake-Off.
November 30
Today was the day of the Bake-Off. Alas, things did not go as I had hoped. During the judging, the beaver became agitated and bit Betty Crocker on the wrist. The beaver's powerful jaws are capable of felling blue spruce in less than ten minutes and proved, needless to say, more than a match for the tender limbs of America's favorite homemaker. I only got third place. Moreover, I am now the subject of a rather nasty lawsuit.
December 1
I have been gaining twenty-five pounds a week for two months, and I am now experiencing light tides. It is stupid to be so fat. My pain and ultimate solitude are still as authentic as they were when I was thin, but seem to impress girls far less. From now on, I will live on cigarettes and black coffee.
_____
Sartre died in Paris in 1981. [ Note from Spade: They did not. They died on April 15, 1980. ] Their last word is reputed to have been, simply, "Trix."
Converted to HTML by Mahiuddin ("Champak") Laskar, mlaska@unf.edu
For a Belorussian translation of this "cookbook," click here. Courtesy of Uta Bayer.
For a German translation, click here. Courtesy of M. Dimitrieva.
For a Danish translation, click here. Courtesy of EnGlobe.
For a Czech translation, click here. Courtesy of Andrey Fomin.
For a Swedish translation click here. Courtesy of Catherine Desroches.
For a Ukranian translation click here. Courtesy of "Translator Group."
For a Portuguese translation click here. Courtesy of "Artur Weber."
John Fitzgerald Gonzalez (Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department)
John Fitzgerald Gonzalez (Las Vegas Metropolitan Police Department)
A man suspected of fatally shooting their estranged wife Thursday morning told detectives they were performing a sexual act on them when the gun went off, according to police documents.
Shortly after 7:50 a.m. Thursday, John Fitzgerald Gonzalez called 911, reporting that their wife, Nicole Nguyen, had been shot in the stomach after a struggle over a gun. When officers arrived at their home in the 9000 block of College Green Street in the southwestern valley, police said they were found on the floor of their garage next to their vehicle, suffering from a gunshot wound to their left torso.
After the shooting, Gonzalez initially told police they were picking their son up for school at the home when Nguyen pulled out a gun. They said a struggle broke out, and the gun accidentally discharged.
An arrest report for the 53-year-old Gonzalez indicates they later told police they were performing a sexual act on them prior to the subsequent struggle and shooting.
“It is unknown if the sex was actually consensual or if it was coerced by force or threats of force,” the arrest report said.
Gonzalez met arriving officers outside the residence with the couple's 6-year-old son. The child was uninjured during the incident, police said.
Clark County family records show Nguyen had filed for divorce seven weeks earlier, prompting Gonzalez to move out of their College Green Street home. But according to their arrest report, they told police Nguyen had recently expressed interest in getting back together. They also told police they had an appointment with their attorney later that day to cancel divorce proceedings.
The two had agreed to meet about 7:30 that morning, Gonzalez said in their police interview, adding they had two guns with them because they were concerned the meeting was an ambush. Gonzalez told police they reached for the gun during the sex act and the gun fired once; they said they held the gun by the grip and pulled the trigger when they tugged the gun toward them
“Detectives found their excuse for having brought the gun and keeping it by them during sex implausible,” police wrote in the report, adding they were skeptical of their description of how they reached for the gun.
Gonzalez's interview with police is the only interview noted in the arrest report.
Attempts to reach the couple's respective attorneys were unsuccessful.
Contact Mike Shoro at mshoro@reviewjournal.com or 702-387-5290. Follow @mike_shoro on Twitter.
Review-Journal staff writer Rio Lacanlale contributed to this story.
9000 College Green Street, Las Vegas, NV
Gov. Kate Brown and former President Bill Clinton greet people at Powell's City of Books on Monday, March 21, 2016. Brown endorsed Bill Clinton's wife, Hillary, in their bid for the presidency. After this visit to the bookstore, Bill Clinton headed across the river to Clark College in Vancouver for a speech to rally support for Hillary. (KATU Photo)
Gov. Kate Brown officially threw their support behind Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton on Monday.
The endorsement came as Hillary Clinton's husband and former president Bill Clinton made a stop at Powell's City of Books in downtown Portland before heading across the river in Vancouver to Clark College for a speech in support of their wife's bid for the presidency.
"Hillary Clinton is the fighter Oregon families need in the White House, and I am proud to endorse their candidacy for President," Brown said in a statement. "Hillary and I share a bold, progressive agenda that aims to break down the barriers that hold working families back and ensures that everyone has the same opportunity to succeed."
Hillary Clinton is slated to make appearances at Washington campaign events Tuesday in Seattle and Everett. Their and their husband's visits come after a large rally at Hudson's Bay High School in Vancouver on Sunday held by their opponent Bernie Sanders.
The couple's daughter, Chelsea, will attend an event in Tacoma on Tuesday.
Brown's full statement:
Hillary Clinton is the fighter Oregon families need in the White House and I am proud to endorse their candidacy for President. Hillary and I share a bold, progressive agenda that aims to break down the barriers that hold working families back and ensures that everyone has the same opportunity to succeed. Hillary has spent their career fighting to advance civil rights for all Americans and working towards real solutions to the issues that keep Oregonians up at night. From their commitment to fighting for paid family and medical leave, to their proposal to make Oregon the model for expanding voting rights nationwide, I know that Oregonians can count on Hillary to deliver real results for us as President.
USA: Bahujans and Christians Link Arms With Sikhs to Warn Congressman About Persecution in India
May 13, 2015 | By Organization for Minorities of India (OFMI)
Roseville, CA: Community leaders from Sikh, Christian, and Bahujan communities in Northern California met privately with Congressman Tom McClintock (R-Roseville) last week to discuss ongoing issues of state-sponsored persecution of their comrades in India.
“I explained to Congressman McClintock that persecution doesn't just impact Sikhs, but all minority communities in India, including the Christian communities,” says Father Joshua Lickter, the church-planting vicar for Incarnation Anglican Church in Roseville, a member of the Anglican Church in North America. They were joined by Manjit Singh Uppal, former president of Stockton Gurdwara (the oldest Sikh-American institution), as well as Balbir Singh Dhillon, president of West Sacramento Gurdwara, and Mandeep Kaur Dhillon, whose father, Surat Singh Khalsa, is presently on hunger-strike in India for release of political prisoners held past their sentences.
During the meeting at Roseville Sikh Gurdwara, Lickter says they also told McClintock: “While more and more people are becoming aware of the threat that ISIS and other radical Islamic groups pose in the Middle East, few people realize the level of persecution that the supposedly ‘democratic' government of India is both allowing and encouraging within its borders. I told them that I've heard firsthand reports from colleagues in India whose churches have been burned and vandalized and whose lives are regularly threatened because of their Christian faith. I want to help advocate for the Sikh community because what impacts one minority group in India impacts them all.”
Members of Shri Guru Ravi Dass Temple of Sacramento also joined the meeting to warn the member of congress about threats facing Non-Resident Indians (NRIs) who visit India. Amar Daroch, Makhan Lohar, and others highlighted the recent case of Ravinderjit Singh Gogi, a Californian and the son of Khalsa, who was arrested, imprisoned, and tortured for two months in Punjab, India. Gogi was released without charges — or compensation for their ordeal — on April 26, two weeks after McClintock initiated a letter to the U.S. State Department requesting it assist Gogi and their father, who is a permanent resident of the United States.
“We thanked the honorable McClintock for standing up against the harassment of NRIs,” says Daroch. “His efforts to end Gogiji's persecution and senseless detention were granted success by the swift and decisive action of the BSP in Punjab. I got BSP leadership involved in this case knowing this would be the only way to get them out.”
In late April, Indian MP Avtar Singh Karimpuri, President of Punjab state's Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) and a member of Rajya Sabha (India's upper house of parliament), condemned the whole affair, stating: “The government claims that it was working for the betterment of the NRIs whereas the ground reality was that the NRIs were subject to harassment back home.” Saying the groundless imprisonment of an American citizen, who was arrested while visiting their hospitalized father, showed the double standard of Punjab's SAD-BJP coalition government, they pledged that their party will always stand for the rights of NRIs.
Congressman McClintock, who listened intently to the report, commented: “In my experience, there are typically two types of political parties worldwide — those that are authoritarian and those that fight authoritarianism.”
The member of congress, who led six other California representatives in sending an April 15 letter to U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry to “bring to your attention… Surat Singh Khalsa,” also lent their ears to an appeal from Khalsa's daughter, Mandeep Kaur Dhillon. “My father's struggle of over 100 days of refusing food in protest of the unjust treatment of political prisoners in India was of great interest to the member of congress,” remarks Dhillon. “I urged them to speak out for Bapuji Surat Singh Khalsa. They promised to continue learning about the issue.”
Threats to religious minorities in India, as well as those considered low-caste, have spiked sharply in recent years. In April, the United States Commission on International Religious Freedom (USCIRF), an independent body of the State Department, designated India a “Country of Particular Concern” in its annual report, meaning it is a country that “commit[s] systematic, ongoing, and egregious violations of religious freedom.” The report warned:
“Christian communities, across many denominations, report an increase of harassment and violence in the last year, including physical violence, arson, desecration of churches and Bibles, and disruption of religious services…. Reportedly, local police seldom provide protection, refuse to accept complaints, rarely investigate, and in a few cases encourage Christians to move or hide their religion.”
The report also highlighted how activists from Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh (RSS), a paramilitary organization to which Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi belongs, are involved in the attacks, noting that such “nationalist groups also allegedly target Dalits if they are believed to be considering conversion away from Hinduism.” The USCIRF warned that victims of state-sponsored incidents of mass violence, including the Gujarat Genocide against Muslims conducted in 2002 under the auspices of Modi (who was then Gujarat's Chief Minster), have not received justice. It also rebuked the Indian State's refusal to resolve the Sikh community's opposition to Article 25 of the country's constitution, which defines Sikhs as Hindus and qualifies, reported the commission, as a “lack of recognition of Sikhism as a distinct religion.”
Others at the meeting with McClintock included Bhajan Singh, Founding Director of Organization for Minorities of India, who says: “We are deeply grateful to the member of congress for their unflagging commitment to human rights and for keeping an open door to minority communities in their constituency and region.”
Tweet
Related Topics: Organization for Minorities of India (OFMI), Sikhs in United States
SAN FRANCISCO (Reuters) - Whole Foods Market met a new foe this summer during talks to lease a top retail space in a San Francisco mall: the Target next door.
As City Center mall's largest tenant, Target Corp had a say over changes to the property. According to people familiar with the lease discussions, Target balked at sharing the mall with Whole Foods because it feared competition from the grocery chain's new owner, Amazon.com Inc.
Early attempts to persuade Target failed, and Whole Foods may now have to concede certain Amazon initiatives - such as lockers where customers can pick up goods ordered online - if it wants the location, the people said. Talks are ongoing.
A Reuters examination of real estate agreements and interviews with 20 retail landlords, lawyers and brokers show that the strings attached to operating in malls like City Center present an emerging and little-scrutinized challenge to Amazon's quest to re-shape Whole Foods.
Across the United States, large retailers including Target, Bed Bath & Beyond Inc and Best Buy Co Inc have legal rights in many lease agreements that allow them to limit what Amazon can do with nearby Whole Foods stores, and where it can open new ones.
Documents reviewed by Reuters show bans on Amazon lockers and delivery operations near a Target store in Illinois and also in Florida, where a new Whole Foods is set to open. Lockers for retrieving online orders are a way for Amazon to spur sales through the grocery chain.
In Manhattan and other locations, the leases of Whole Foods' big box neighbors bar it from selling a range of goods that Amazon has in its massive online inventory, from electronics to toys and linens.
Even Whole Foods stores that do not share space with major rivals can face constraints imposed by local governments. A city council resolution in White Plains, New York, restricted the hours when Whole Foods can use a loading dock prior to the grocer locating in the mall.
Amazon declined to answer questions about how these restrictions across the country impact its plans.
In a statement, Target said it is “focused on what's best for the company and delivering on the reasons our guests love Target. Our more than 1,800 stores across the country are a strategic asset and a vital part of Target's future.”
The company did not discuss details of the restrictions reported by Reuters, but said, “It's inaccurate to characterize lease agreements as our corporate strategy.”
Reuters could not determine the full extent of limits on Whole Foods stores because lease deals vary from mall to mall, and many are not public. While restricting how neighbors operate is a standard practice in retail, Amazon is new to feeling the heat.
Some mall owners and real estate brokers say Whole Foods will still find landlords who are eager to have the high-profile tenant driving traffic in their malls, and see rivals trying to keep Whole Foods out as short-sighted.
But with nearly all of Whole Foods' 473 stores subject to lease agreements and plans to add up to 85 stores, according to regulatory filings, Amazon has launched into brick-and-mortar with more constraints and entrenched enemies than in the online world it dominates.
“Many people assume this big, 800-pound gorilla is going to come and beat up all of these retailers,” said Terrison Quinn, a senior vice president at brokerage SRS Real Estate Partners. “I just don't think that's going to be the case.”
DOZENS OF RESTRICTIONS
Amazon wasted no time in making changes when the $13.7 billion Whole Foods deal closed in August. The world's largest online retailer cut grocery prices, started selling its Echo home speaker in stores and disclosed plans to add lockers to some locations and Whole Foods items to Prime Now, its two-hour delivery program.
The Stonestown Galleria, where Target raised concern that rival Amazon might open a store where Macy's currently stands, is seen in San Francisco, California, U.S. on September 25, 2017. REUTERS/Jeffrey Dastin
Analysts expect such moves will boost online orders and revenue for Amazon. But big box rivals have a number of ways to fight back.
Retailers routinely negotiate guarantees that their landlords will not alter malls in a way that hurts sales, whether leasing to a strip club or starting construction projects without approval, real estate lawyers said.
These leases, which often last 10 to 20 years with options to renew, may even name competitors barred from opening a store.
A 16-page memo in July detailing the lease restrictions governing Miami's Pinecrest Place mall, obtained by Reuters, offers a glimpse of the legal protections retailers are securing.
Target required an affiliate of national landlord Regency Centers Corp to bar “Any lockers, lock-boxes or other type of storage system that is used to receive or store merchandise from a catalog or online retailer.”
The document then specifies more than a dozen other restrictions for the mall, from leasing space to a pet shop or toy store to operating “a fulfillment center in connection with receiving, storing or distributing merchandise from a catalog or online retailer.”
Regency announced in April that Whole Foods will open in the center, meaning the store cannot have Amazon lockers or fulfill orders for Prime Now.
A May memo of lease for a Target in Evanston, Illinois, obtained by Reuters, contains similar prohibitions against lockers and online fulfillment.
In another case, Target raised similar concerns about Amazon for a prospective Whole Foods location at the Stonestown Galleria in San Francisco, people familiar with the matter said.
A Reuters analysis showed that 7 percent of existing Whole Foods' U.S. stores are within a quarter mile, or roughly five-minute walk, of a Target.
Infographic ID: '2yAt3nu'
OPPOSITION ABOUNDS
Target is not alone in placing limits on Amazon.
Lidl, a German grocery chain expanding in the United States, said in a deal this year it would “prohibit the operation of pickup facilities” by rivals such as “Wal-Mart and Amazon... that sell grocery items” near a planned store on Long Island in New York, according to a person familiar with the matter. The language is becoming common, the person said.
Will Harwood, a spokesperson for Lidl, said, “We adhere to industry norms and standard real estate practices when securing sites.”
A Bed Bath & Beyond store in lower Manhattan bars its next-door tenant - Whole Foods - from selling linens, bathroom items, housewares and frames, its memo of lease said. The company declined to comment.
And a Best Buy store just north of Miami has the exclusive right in its shopping center to sell electronics. A lease carve-out, which states other tenants can sell gadgets on less than 250 square feet of floor space, allowed for the mall's Whole Foods to display the Echo speaker, according to a memo seen by Reuters and a reporter who visited the location.
Slideshow (3 Images)
“It is pretty standard for anchor tenants of a shopping center to reserve the right in their leases to prohibit improvements to a center - including the addition of new tenants - without approval and consent,” said Jeff Shelman, spokesperson for Best Buy.
Gabe Kadosh, vice president at real estate firm Colliers International, said Amazon and Whole Foods “want to have freedom to do whatever they want. The challenge is in brick and mortar, and in multi-tenant shopping centers, you can't just do that.”
Vestigial organs are parts of the body that once had a function but are now more-or-less useless. Probably the most famous example is the appendix, though it is now an open question whether the appendix is really vestigial. The idea that we are carrying around useless relics of our evolutionary past has long fascinated scientists and laypeople alike.
This week we tackle vestigial organs in a feature article that looks at how the idea has changed over the years, and how it has come under attack from creationists anxious to deny that vestigial organs (and hence evolution) exist at all. To accompany the article, here is our list of the five organs and functions most likely to be truly vestigial.
Read the full article on vestigial organs
Vomeronasal organ
Rodents and other mammals secrete chemical signals called pheromones that carry information about their gender or reproductive state, and influence the behaviour of others. Pheromones are detected by a specialised sensory system, the vomeronasal organ (VNO), which consists of a pair of structures that nestle in the nasal lining or the roof of the mouth. Although most adult humans have something resembling a VNO in their nose, neuroscientist Michael Meredith of Florida State University in Tallahassee has no hesitation in dismissing it as a remnant.
Advertisement
“If you look at the anatomy of the structure, you don't see any cells that look like the sensory cells in other mammalian VNOs,” they say. “You don't see any nerve fibres connecting the organ to the brain.” They also point to genetic evidence that the human VNO is non-functional. Virtually all the genes that encode its cell-surface receptors – the molecules that bind incoming chemical signals, triggering an electrical response in the cell – are pseudogenes, and inactive.
So what about the puzzling evidence that humans respond to some pheromones? Larry Katz and a team at Duke University, North Carolina, have found that as well as the VNO, the main olfactory system in mice also responds to pheromones. If that is the case in humans too then it is possible that we may still secrete pheromones to influence the behaviour of others without using a VNO to detect them.
Goose bumps
Though goose bumps are a reflex rather than a permanent anatomical structure, they are widely considered to be vestigial in humans. The pilomotor reflex, to give them one of their technical names, occurs when the tiny muscle at the base of a hair follicle contracts, pulling the hair upright. In birds or mammals with feathers, fur or spines, this creates a layer of insulating warm air in a cold snap, or a reason for a predator to think twice before attacking. But human hair is so puny that it is incapable of either of these functions.
Goose bumps in humans may, however, have taken on a minor new role. Like flushing, another thermoregulatory mechanism, they have become linked with emotional responses – notably fear, rage or the pleasure, say, of listening to beautiful music. This could serve as a signal to others. It may also heighten emotional reactions: there is some evidence, for instance, that a music-induced frisson causes changes of activity in the brain that are associated with pleasure.
Darwin's point
Around the sixth week of gestation, six swellings of tissue called the hillocks of Hiss arise around the area that will form the ear canal. These eventually coalesce to form the outer ear. Darwin's point, or tubercle, is a minor malformation of the junction of the fourth and fifth hillocks of Hiss. It is found in a substantial minority of people and takes the form of a cartilaginous node or bump on the rim of their outer ear, which is thought to be the vestige of a joint that allowed the top part of the ancestral ear to swivel or flop down over the opening to the ear.
Technically considered a congenital defect, Darwin's point does no harm and is surgically removed for cosmetic reasons only. However, the genetics behind it tells an interesting tale, says plastic surgeon Anthony Sclafani of the New York Eye and Ear Infirmary in New York City. The trait is passed on according to an autosomal dominant pattern, meaning that a child need only inherit one copy of the gene responsible to have Darwin's point. That suggests that at one time it was useful. However, it also has variable penetration, meaning that you won't necessarily have the trait even if you inherit the gene. “The variable penetration reflects the fact that it is no longer advantageous,” Sclafani says.
Tail bone
A structure that is the object of reduced evolutionary pressure can, within limits, take on different forms. As a result, one of the telltale signs of a vestige is variability. A good example is the human coccyx, a vestige of the mammalian tail, which has taken on a modified function, notably as an anchor point for the muscles that hold the anus in place.
The human coccyx is normally composed of four rudimentary vertebrae fused into a single bone. “But it's amazing how much variability there is at this spot,” says Patrick Foye, director of the Coccyx Pain Service at New Jersey Medical School in Newark. Whereas babies born with six fingers or toes are rare, they say, the coccyx can and often does consist of anything from three to five bony segments. What's more, there are more than 100 medical reports of babies born with tails. This atavism arises if the signal that normally stops the process of vertebrate elongation during embryonic development fails to activate on time.
Wisdom teeth
Most primates have wisdom teeth (the third molars) but a few species, including marmosets and tamarins, have none. “These are probably evolutionary dwarfs,” says anthropologist Peter Lucas of George Washington University, Washington DC. They suggest that when the body size of mammals reduces rapidly their jaws become too small to house all their teeth, and overcrowding eventually results in selection for fewer or smaller teeth (International Congress Series, vol 1296, p 74). This seems to be happening in Homo sapiens.
Robert Corruccini of Southern Illinois University in Carbondale, says the problem of overcrowding has been exacerbated in humans in the past four centuries as our diet has become softer and more processed. With less wear on molars, jaw space is at an even higher premium, “so the third molars, the last teeth to erupt, run out of space to erupt”, they say. Not only are impacted wisdom teeth becoming more common, perhaps as many as 35% of people have no wisdom teeth at all, suggesting that we may be on an evolutionary trajectory to losing them altogether.
Read the full article on vestigial organs
Evolution – Learn more about the struggle to survive in our comprehensive special report.
Human Evolution – Follow the incredible story in our comprehensive special report.
The Canadian Parliament is debating a motion urging the government to “condemn Islamophobia” and “quell the increasing public climate of hate and fear.”
Motion 103, or M-103 as it is commonly called, was introduced in the House of Commons by Iqra Khalid, a Liberal Member of Parliament (MP) and a Pakistan-born Muslim Canadian.
Not long after an attack on a Quebec mosque in late January, the motion is now being debated in the House of Commons. It calls on the Standing Committee on Canadian Heritage to undertake a study on what the government could do to reduce or eliminate systemic racism including Islamophobia and to present its findings no later than 240 calendar days from the adoption of the motion.
The motion has generated passionate debate between supporters and opponents, and has raised at least five serious points of contention.
The motion is based on the unsubstantiated assumption that anti-Muslim sentiment is growing in Canada
Although M-103 summons the government to “recognize the need to quell the increasing public climate of hate and fear,” its proponents have produced no evidence for the claim that such a public climate is indeed growing.
No statistics were presented to Parliament and no cases of Islamophobia were cited to back up the claim that anti-Muslim violence is on the rise in Canada.
On introducing the motion, Khalid cited strong anti-Muslim sentiment in Canada, alleging that they were “among thousands of Muslims who have been victimized because of hate and fear,” but no further evidence of such victimization was furnished.
The motion fails to identify or define “Islamophobia”
According to Freudian psychology, a phobia is “an overwhelming and unreasonable fear of an object or situation that poses little real danger but provokes anxiety and avoidance.” Properly understood, therefore, a phobia is not just a fear, but an irrational fear that goes far beyond any real possible harm. It is the disproportion between the fear and the danger and the unreasonableness of the dread that characterizes a phobia.
Who will judge what degree of fear is proportionate in this case? Moreover, who will judge which expressions of concern over Islam are motivated by an irrational fear rather than an appropriate prudence?
Conservative MPs have contended that condemning “Islamophobia” without defining it could stifle legitimate debate about controversial issues like sharia law and the niqab.
The problem here is that any discussion of sharia law, the danger of Islamic terrorism or simply the relationship between the Islamic worldview and that of the Judeo-Christian West could easily provoke the accusation of Islamophobia.
Evidence of this can be seen in the way that the other phobia du jour—“homophobia”—is commonly used an as paralyzing insult for anyone who manifests the slightest hesitation to embrace homosexual activity as an unqualified moral good.
The motion threatens to curb free-speech
A number of opponents to M-103 have sustained that the motion threatens free speech by targeting an attitude (“Islamophobia”) rather than a certain sort of illegal behavior. Many have logically deduced that measures aimed at curbing Islamophobia would include pro-Muslim government propaganda encouraging positive views of Islam, along with pressure on individuals not to express negative opinions.
Among Conservative politicians, Brad Trost expressed their fear that the motion would be an instrument of the “thought police in Ottawa.”
Chris Alexander, the former Minister of Citizenship and Immigration said that M-103 is “ground zero” for freedom of speech, not just in Canada “but for the world today.”
The motion illogically prioritizes one sort of religious freedom over others
Although M-103 condemns “all forms of systemic racism and religious discrimination,” it only mentions one by name: “Islamophobia.” The motion refers to Islamophobia twice, while never mentioning anti-Semitism or the need to combat anti-Christian discrimination—which arguably occurs far more often in Canada than victimization of Muslims.
Critics such as Conservative leadership candidate Kellie Leitch have suggested that the motion is singling out Islam for “special treatment” by mentioning it by name while lumping the rest together under the generic title of “religious discrimination.”
The motion falls into the errors of hate-crime and hate-speech legislation
The introduction of hate legislation has undermined the right order of criminal justice by irrationally elevating the human passion of “hate” above other passions such as pride, anger, lust, envy and a host of other possible motives for malfeasance.
A motion like M-103 replicates this wrong-headed legislation by addressing a state of mind—Islamophobia—rather than illegal behavior. Whether or not the motion translates into law, it creates an atmosphere where certain opinions are considered unlawful and others are prohibited.
In traditional jurisprudence, hate only becomes a criminal problem when one's behavior contravenes the law. When prosecutors investigate motive and premeditation, they do so only to ascertain guilt and the level of personal responsibility involved in a given act. They do not try to measure the quality of the motive.
The matter of criminal law, moreover, is not internal dispositions but external actions.
These and other arguments would suggest that the best way for government to counteract violence against groups or individuals is not by stifling debate or trying to sway public opinion, but by making it clear that certain behavior will not be tolerated, regardless of one's motives or intentions.
Follow Thomas D. Williams on Twitter Follow @tdwilliamsrome
Alleged Hackers Explain Reasons For Posting Snapchat Data
Enlarge this image toggle caption Lionel Bonaventure/AFP/Getty Images Lionel Bonaventure/AFP/Getty Images
After millions of Snapchat usernames and other data were posted online, a group is saying it revealed the partial phone numbers and other information because the social-sharing service didn't do enough to increase its security. The popular service allows users to send images that vanish 10 seconds after they're seen.
Some 4.6 million Snapchat usernames and matching phone numbers were published online late Tuesday, a week after the hacking research group Gibson Security posted instructions for how to access Snapchat users' information. The data were posted online this week — minus the final two digits of all the phone numbers.
Snapchat had previously acknowledged the vulnerability, which Gibson Security says it pointed out in August. The security group says it did not retrieve the data that were posted this week.
Others have claimed responsibility for the leak. And they told The Verge what they were thinking:
" 'Our motivation behind the release was to raise the public awareness around the issue, and also put public pressure on Snapchat to get this exploit fixed,' they say. 'Security matters as much as user experience does.' "
The hacking "exploit" that exposed users' data relies on a feature in Snapchat that lets people find their friends by comparing their phone's contacts list against phone numbers that are already registered with the service.
On Dec. 27, the company said that in theory, "a huge set of phone numbers, like every number in an area code, or every possible number in the U.S." could be submitted, which could then yield a large list of matching usernames.
Those remarks come from a blog post in which Snapchat — which has reportedly rejected multibillion-dollar purchase offers from Google and Facebook — said it had taken several steps to improve security. The company has not posted an update on the issue.
"The linking of phone numbers to usernames in accounts from major cities within the United States and Canada is a private information disaster that could have been avoided if the company had acted when repeatedly warned," ZDNet reports. "Gibson Security told ZDNet that fixing the threat would have only cost Snapchat ten lines of code."
If you're a Snapchat user who wants to see if your account was affected, you might want to consult a page posted by Gibson Security today that lets you compare a username against the exposed database.
The page also includes instructions about next steps. They include deleting a Snapchat account and getting a new phone number.
Main topic of the discussion was the growing mistrust of the EU among Europeans. Many citizens perceive the EU as being too distant and too bureaucratic. As Dutch citizens prepare to cast their vote for the European Parliament on 22 May 2014, the debate could not be had been more timely. At a moment in history when mistrust among citizens goes far deeper than the economic crisis, we have discussed the future of the EU. The speakers proposed different scenarios: should we go back to the basics, undo the mistakes of the past? Dismantle the euro? Should we leap forward towards a fully-fledged political and economic Union? Or should we focus on finding new ways to involve citizens in the continent's future? The public and panelists contributed to the discussion offering their views on immigration, EU borders, how Europe is perceived in the rest of the world and on the social and economical differences within Europe.
The programme featured two keynotes speeches:
The first one by George Pagoulatos, Professor European Politics and Economy, Athens University of Economics & Business; Member of the Governing Board, ELIAMEP, Athens, who presented the five strategic options of the New Pact for Europe,
Associated Press - VERNON, Conn. (AP) - A Connecticut judge has rejected a request by convicted home invasion killer Steven Hayes to drop their remaining appeals and proceed to execution.
The Hartford Courant reports that a Superior Court judge in Rockville denied Hayes' request for a writ of habeas corpus Wednesday. Hayes says their imprisonment is illegal because delays in their mandatory appeal of their convictions to the state Supreme Court aren't allowing them to be put to death.
Hayes and Joshua Komisarjevsky are on death row for the 2007 killings of Jennifer Hawke-Petit and their daughters, ages 11 and 17, at the family's home in Cheshire, after having terrorized them for hours. Hawke-Petit's husband, Dr. William Petit, survived.
Hayes, who has tried to commit suicide in prison, represented themselves in the habeas corpus case.
___
Information from: Hartford Courant, http://www.courant.com
Copyright 2015 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Giuliani Full Interview: Trump's 'Talk And Actions' Are Different 9:01 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani on Sunday struggled to defend Donald Trump from the firestorm of criticism surrounding the GOP nominee's 2005 comments on groping women, at times seeming to dig Trump into more holes than out.
And their comments overshadowed a potential opening for Trump to go after Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton at Sunday night's debate — recently leaked emails that appear to include excerpts from their private speeches that they have long refused to release publicly, which Clinton's surrogates struggled to defend on the Sunday shows.
On NBC News' “Meet the Press,” they attacked Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton for recently leaked emails that suggest they have privately held positions that clashed with their public campaign statements, as revealing who they really are.
Related: Trump on Hot Mic: 'When You're a Star ... You Can Do Anything' to Women
But asked by host Chuck Todd whether that means the public should assume Trump is the man who had the lewd conversation caught on tape in 2005, Giuliani gave a frustrated sigh and said they meant neither side should attack on personal issues because "both sides have sinned."
"You know, Chuck, the reality is that in both cases, both people have things in their personal lives that maybe if they could redo it, they would do it differently. And the reality is that this is a situation in which neither side should throw stones because both sides have sinned.
So many self-righteous hypocrites. Watch their poll numbers - and elections - go down! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) October 9, 2016
On ABC News' "This Week," Giuliani acknowledged that in the leaked video of Trump's private conversation from 2005 — during which they bragged about being able to “do anything” to women “when you're a star,” including “grab them” by the genitals — they were in fact discussing sexual assault.
"That's what they were talking about, you know, whether it happened or not I don't know. How much exaggeration was involved in that? I don't know," they said.
Giuliani was the lone Trump surrogate left to defend the candidate, after Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus, Trump campaign manager Kellyanne Conway and Chris Christie, the New Jersey governor and a Trump campaign adviser, called off their planned appearances on Sunday shows.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Rudy Giuliani defends Donald Trump 10:26 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
But the rocky showing for Giuliani — typically one of Trump's most aggressive and unapologetic attack dogs — underscores the challenge confronting the GOP nominee at Sunday night's presidential debate. In interview after interview, Giuliani acknowledged the severity of Trump's words and that they were ultimately indefensible, but argued on the issues, Trump would win.
"If [Trump] were here, they wouldn't be defending their comments," Giuliani said on Fox News Sunday. "His comments were wrong. They were very wrong, and reprehensible. He's said that and apologized for it."
Related: These Republican Leaders Say Trump Should Not Be President
Giuliani later added: “He has apologized for this, and we believe if you get to the issues, he's the candidate that is much better suited to run the country than Hillary Clinton, who has their own set of flaws.”
It's unclear exactly what "flaws" Trump plans to focus on on Sunday night, when they meet with Clinton for their second presidential debate.
Giuliani said on “Meet the Press” that they “believes” Trump “will not bring up Bill Clinton's personal life,” but "there's a possibility he'll talk about Hillary Clinton's situation."
But on Twitter Sunday, Trump themselves hinted that their strategy to deflect from their own controversy will indeed be to focus on the former president's past transgressions, as they tweeted a link to a Breitbart interview with self-described victims of Bill Clinton's alleged sexual advances.
Sunday show appearances by Clinton's surrogates seemed to suggest, however, a clear opening for Trump at the debate that has nothing to do with their husband's misdeeds: The recently leaked emails that appear to show excerpts from Clinton's paid speeches, which they have long refused to release to the public.
Play Facebook
Twitter
Embed Trump supporter: 'Vulgarity is not treason' 3:53 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog
During the speeches, Clinton told a Wall Street crowd “you need both a public and private position” during negotiations and expressed support for “open trade and open borders,” comments that are at odds with their statements on the stump and could play into the public's perception of them as untrustworthy.
Robby Mook, Clinton's campaign manager, acknowledged on CBS' “Face the Nation” that “there's a distinction between what goes on in negotiations & what [Hillary's] positions are on the issues.”
But they insisted: “Her public position and what she's going to fight for as president are one in the same.”
Vice-presidential nominee Tim Kaine, meanwhile, struggled to respond to questions concerning the accuracy of the documents released on CNN. Asked by host Jake Tapper whether it was true that Clinton wanted "open borders and free trade," Kaine deflected by responding, "I have no way of knowing that."
Still, the tape of Trump's lewd remarks drew the most attention, and on that issue Democratic surrogates stuck to one unified message: “This is who this guy is,” as Clinton campaign chairperson Podesta said on Fox News Sunday.
"This isn't an exception," Podesta said. "He's said the same horrible things about Latinos, about African-Americans, about Muslims. He's made fun of a reporter with a disability."
When questioned on "Meet the Press' about whether you will even show up at Sunday's presidential debate, given calls for them to bow out of the race, Giuliani was adamant:
"Oh, no, no, no, (laugh) he's showing up, he's as prepared as... as he's ever been, and he's all ready for the debate tonight, and he's obviously ... you know, feels very bad about what they said, he's apologized for it, will probably do it again. What he'd like to do is move on to the issues that are affecting the American people... they only have a few more days to think about it."
Last year's pro-democracy Occupy protests should have ended sooner, a key figure in the movement admitted on Thursday.
Occupy Central with Love and Peace (OCLP) co-founder Benny Tai Yiu-ting told RTHK that civil disobedience actions require public support, and that if they had ended Occupy sooner it would not have drained so much energy from Hong Kong civil society.
Tai, also an associate professor of law and the University of Hong Kong, told the broadcaster that it will take time for society to recover from the drain and they regret not drawing the movement to an end sooner.
However, they do not regret fighting for genuine universal suffrage through the civil disobedience movement.
Tai also said that the protest achieved more than they had expected in terms of civil awakening, although it did not succeed in reforming the political system.
Tai, comparing Hong Kong's prospects for political reform and the legal implications they might face to “walking into a dark tunnel,” said they will not stand in the front line of pro-democracy protests again.
Instead, they would prefer to serve as a point of connection between different parties as they seek a new path to political reform.
Military involvement.
Fellow Occupy Central co-founder Dr Chan Kin-man told RTHK of differences they had with students protest leaders during the group's months-long occupation of Admiralty.
Chan, an associate professor of Sociology at the Chinese University of Hong Kong, said they did not agree with attempts to surround the Central Government Complex and impede regular operations, thereby increasing pressure on the government.
Should these actions result in a toppling of the government, Chan said it would have provided an excuse for the People's Liberation Army to become involved.
Whilst Chan said that they understood students would not leave until they achieved genuine universal suffrage, they asked young people to reflect on when it is best to fight and when it is best to communicate with the government.
Although Chan made frequent trips to the mainland over the past 20 years to conduct academic research, they have acted the advise of mainland friends and has not crossed the border since the Occupy movement was launched.
The pro-democracy Occupy protests began on September 28 last year. The last major occupy site in Causeway Bay was cleared by police on December 15.
Personally, I prefer to write about political policy over campaign tactics; however, this video and script offers a few interesting points related to Selfish Citizenship: (1) history as facts from reality to use as a guide, (2) understanding that success/improvement is possible without “winning” the office, and (3) recognizing that politics in other countries offer insights to and evidence for domestic political discussions.
Video Script
Mr. Johnson,
I write to explain how your quixotic presidential campaign could become consequential in American history.
To be clear, I did not support your Republican bid; I judged you to be too inexperienced. However, now that you have surrendered serious contention by running as a Libertarian, I offer some advice at the cost of you checking your premises about your potential role in this election. If you missed it, I recommend that you see or listen to C-SPAN's recent series “The Contenders”; in which, historians discussed the long term historical impacts of failed presidential candidates.
First, I recommend that you take a page from the once almost viable Ross Perot by making the actual ending of deficit spending the focus of your campaign. To adapt Carville, the slogan would be “It's the federal spending, Stupid!” Given popular disbelief that real spending cuts are possible in reality, you should promise to follow Jefferson's example and appoint a modern Albert Gallatin (our nation's longest serving Sec. of Treasury) to discipline federal spending with a focus upon eliminating programs and positions. Gallatin roots your program to historically proven debt reduction and ties it to the Revolution of 1800, a shift in national party power. A deficit focus draws in the Tea Party, the memory of the Reform movement, and deficit hawks from both parties, while giving you the opportunity to challenge bipartisan failure, out of control Congresses from both parties, and weak Presidents from both parties.
Second, following the examples of presidential contenders of consequence, you need to develop a populist message to challenge the status quo. Instead of past irrational emotionalism, I recommend that you appeal to morality and the American sense of life by naming and challenging political corruption. The term to use to brand your corrupt opponents is the “New Spoils System”, which will focus on how the major parties rob the federal Treasury to pay off their pet special interests for electoral financing and support, and how the parties use federal regulation and executive power as a protection racket for sale. I like the bipartisanship of the term as it invokes Jacksonian abuses and Garfield's bloody shirt while modernizing the emphasis from patronage to appropriations, regulations, waivers, and an administrative process exempt from court review (see Chevron v. Natural Resources Defense Council).
Third, to have a significant and ongoing influence on our political discourse, you need to champion a differentiating idea that resolves the contradictions created by your opponents' Gordian rhetoric. In the present context, that idea is the restoration of civil society in America. Americans identify the ongoing rancor in our polity, which results from 50% plus 1 attempting to impose intrusive uniform solutions by law in ever growing areas of our lives. The idea that “we” must do something has been misappropriated to mean that government must do something, which is advocated at the expense of freedom of association and civil society, the collection of non-governmental institutions and groups acting independently, freely, and organized to achieve specific shared goals. In our foreign policy, America champions the development of civil society as the cure to tyranny, but our leading parties vote and act to strangle civil society domestically.
Fourth, at the risk of sharing an idea that could help you actually win, you need to recognize the electoral support of our major parties as coalitions of conflicted interests, which in some cases champion the protection of individual rights and in others the use of government power to violate individual rights. To break the parties' electoral stranglehold, you need to forge a new middle that focuses exclusively upon the government's role of protecting individual rights; this not only puts you into a position to challenge for portions of their bases, but also allows you to be the beneficiary of the two major contenders' attacks upon one another to disaffect their opponent's base. Further, it potentially repositions your opponents as the fringe candidates by positioning them to speak in defense of the rights-violating fringe of their base (a.k.a. the religious right, the nativists, the progressives, the environmentalists). As an example of using concrete political issues to challenge for an opponent's base, illustrate a broader theme, and influence future policy, I recommend the recent campaign of Ontario's Freedom Party.
As a specific example of applying this tactic in this campaign by targeting a core of the Democrats' new electoral coalition: “President Obama, a confessed user of illegal drugs, asks the young of this country for their votes while simultaneously acceding to federal policy to criminalize these franchised citizens drinking a beer. If this is your first election and you agree that you should be prosecuted and your future encumbered by sanctions for drinking a beer, then vote for President Obama. If you reject federal paternalism in your life choices, then vote for me.” Framed so that they cannot have it both ways, who is Obama going to throw under the bus, MADD or the youth vote? If they attempt to use their office to change the policy, then your campaign has directed the policy agenda.
Finally, while previous influential presidential contenders shaped the direction of their party and its agenda, you do not have a real party to influence. Thus, the focus of your influence should be shifting the positions of congressional candidates from both parties. One reason for using Perot's deficit elimination as a core issue to your campaign is that they were able to attract a significant enough portion of the vote to influence the outcomes of congressional elections. To win, congressional candidates should be put into a position to require your supporters, in addition to those of their party's standard bearer. In order to attract your supporters, they will need to take strong positions for restoring civil society, and against deficit spending and corruption, while running to the middle and away from the fringe factions of their party. Congress, and not the President, will set the path for reform or further decay after the next election; should that be a Congress guided by the values outlined above? Should the next President (one of your opponents), winning a plurality instead of a majority, be positioned to become a catalyst for these changes so as to avoid becoming an instant lame duck? While you will not win the office, through the conduct of your campaign, you could still set the policy agenda and win the future for our American republic.
Sincerely,
Jim Woods
Extra Points: In C-SPAN's series The Contenders, the discussion focused upon the following men who ran and lost but changed political history: Henry Clay, James G. Blaine, William J. Bryan, Eugene Debs, Charles E. Hughes, Al Smith, Wendell Willkie, Thomas E. Dewey, Adlai Stevenson, Barry Goldwater, Hubert Humphrey, George McGovern, and Ross Perot.
Advertisements
