After handcuffing and beating two brothers, one a teenager, Israeli soldiers took a “selfie” with the injured prisoners, a common practice. Israeli forces conducted 196 search and arrest operations across the West Bank, including nine children, between October 10 and October 23.
By IMEMC News
Two Palestinian prisoners, including one teenager, gave testimonies to the Palestinian Committee of Prisoners' Affairs, detailing the abuse and harassment they faced at the hands of Israeli forces during their arrests.
The committee released a statement on Monday saying that Israeli forces raided the home of brothers Tariq Baajeh, 26, and Ahmad Baajeh, 19, in the Qalqilia-area town of Jayyus in the northern occupied West Bank around midnight on Sunday.
According to the brothers' testimonies, soldiers handcuffed and blindfolded the brothers before transferring them to a military zone near Qalqiliya in a military jeep.
“The Baajeh brothers were assaulted and insulted the entire time they were held at the military zone,” the statement said, adding that after the soldiers beat up the brothers, soldier took a “selfie” with the injured brothers “in order to provoke them.” [Such actions are common. See this article about a 2015 incident.]
The brothers were then transferred to the Huwwara detention center near Nablus, and then to the Megiddo prison north of the West Bank, where they were strip searched.
Israeli raids in Palestinian towns, villages, and refugee camps are a daily occurrence in the occupied West Bank and East Jerusalem, Ma;an News Agency further reports.
According to United Nations documentation, Israeli forces conducted 196 search and arrest operations across the West Bank, including nine children, between October 10 and October 23.
Human rights groups have widely documented the abuse of Palestinians by Israeli forces during night raids, and the harsh interrogation practices used to force their confessions, which has long been the target of criticism by the international community.
Defense for Children International – Palestine has said their research showed that almost two-thirds of Palestinian children detained in the occupied West Bank by Israeli forces had endured physical violence after their arrest.
The underdog story is the only story as far as sporting cinema goes. As Wilt Chamberlain put it: nobody cheers for Goliath. But in the real world David rarely stands a chance. And nowhere is that fact more depressing than in the sport of fist fighting. When a sub top-50 seeded tennis player loses to Novak Djokovic they are applauded and goes away feeling good. Lose a fight as the underdog and you might be applauded, but you will get your butt kicked in the process.
The one thing which fighting does have to help the underdog is an abrupt end to proceedings. In any other sport you can pull off a trick play and pick up some points but you're there for the duration of the match and you can't keep surprising with out-of-the-box strategies forever. With the exception of Quidditch, wherein everything is rendered moot by the golden snitch—stemming from the need for a team game to come down to the actions of the book's protagonist—no sport provides the losing side with the chance to take the lead and end the match in one instant. In a fight, however, you only need to fool someone once if you do it just right.
Today I want to share with you a few of my favorite trick plays which allowed fighters with no chance on paper to take a very sudden and brutal victory in the real world.
Matt Serra and the Low-High
The low-high principle is day one stuff in the striking arts. You work the opponent up and down to draw and distract their focus. The best boxers in the world live and die by it, and the entire method that brought Dutch kickboxing to prominence is the use of the high-low principle to land punishing low kicks.
When Matt Serra met Georges St. Pierre, the idea of Serra winning seemed unthinkable. A legitimately brilliant jiu jitsu practitioner (he managed to give Terere a handful in no-gi competition) Serra gave up so much reach and striking ability to St. Pierre, and it seemed unlikely that even if they could get through the champion's reach, they would struggle with St. Pierre's brilliant wrestling.
Working with Ray Longo (who became the architect of two of the biggest upsets in UFC history) Serra refused to throw their right hand at anything but Georges St. Pierre's ribcage for the first few minutes of the bout. It's simple, but it's hard to get a fighter to commit to the investment when their opponent is trying to take their head off in every exchange. But Serra put the money in the bank and for every blocked St. Pierre kick he'd step in and swing at the body.
Three minutes later, when they finally uncorked a right hand to the head, St. Pierre's hands were nowhere to be found. The champion was sent stumbling and suddenly closing the distance was no longer a problem—GSP could scarcely hold themselves up, let alone punish the challenger with jabs and kicks. Serra got the finish and with one of the simplest, bread-and-butter strategies in boxing, won the UFC welterweight title.
Peter Graham and the Rolling Thunder
When Australia's Peter Graham was signed to fight the young up-and-comer, Badr Hari in 2006, the two got off to a poor start. The ill will between the two men sparked a brawl at a press conference and the fight suddenly became must see TV. Hari was on the rise, having dispatched a laundry list of decent names through 2003, and avenging their only loss to Stefan Leko in their K-1 debut. Hari was already the talk of K-1 because they finished Leko with one of the most spectacular wheel kicks in kickboxing history. The kick still tops many of 'greatest knockouts' lists in the sport to this day.
Peter Graham was just a loveable brawler and against most of the classier kickboxers they had met he'd been made to look second rate. But they were always fun and with their background in Kyokushin karate they brought something the fans loved, the kaiten-geri or 'Rolling Thunder'.
The fight was as expected with Graham attempting to brawl and hitting nothing but guard, and eating hard kicks in return. When the two got in close, Hari used their cross-face to right hand to punish the brawler.
With fifteen seconds remaining in the final round and clearly losing the fight, Graham checked a low kick, flicked out a distraction with their right hand, and threw themselves into the Rolling Thunder. The kick knocked Hari stiff.
Graham never won a bigger fight, and in the two rematches they had with Hari, they struggled to win even a minute of either. But in that moment, after the slog of an ugly three round brawls, the Rolling Thunder served as the perfect break in a monotonous pattern.
Eddie Bravo and the Jailbreak
When Eddie Bravo met Royler Gracie in ADCC 2003, Gracie was the man. A four-time world champion at featherweight in the black belt division, a three time gold medalist in ADCC, and the only time anyone had submitted them in black belt competition was Mario Sperry, a heavyweight. Eddie Bravo, meanwhile, was largely unknown.
When the two hit the mat, it was Gracie attempting to use their infamous knee slice while Bravo attempted to hold half guard. After Bravo achieved a brief sweep, and fought off a triangle attempt, Gracie forced the American back to guard. Finding no success with their rubber guard and being forced onto the defensive in their half guard, Bravo allowed Gracie to pass to their side, but used their hand to insert their own right butterfly hook. Performing what is now called the Jailbreak escape, Bravo drove back to butterfly guard, now with Gracie's hands on the mat. Bravo immediately used their hooks and overhook to set up a triangle choke and submit the Brazilian superman.
A rematch took place at Metamoris III in March of 2014 and Bravo got the better of a now 49-year-old Gracie at every turn. In spite of their advanced ages, this was one of the most entertaining grappling matches you'll ever watch as Bravo's creativity showed throughout.
Uriah Hall's Norris Kick
Just last week, Uriah Hall found themselves on the losing end of a grappling match in the first round of their bout with Gegard Mousasi. But when the fight returned to the feet, Hall nailed Mousasi in the head with a jumping back kick (a favourite from Chuck Norris' tournament karate days) as Mousasi was ducking.
Apparently Hall's camp had noted Mousasi's tendency to duck down when their opponents turned to do something unorthodox, and the aim of the kick was deliberate. Equally, it could have been a midsection kick which wound up hitting the head, as in the case of Renan Barao knocking out Eddie Wineland. Whatever the case, the kick turned the fight on its head and saved Hall from a bout they were decisively losing to that point.
Hinata Watanabe and the Triangle Kick
Hinata Watanabe was a respected Japanese kickboxer by 2010, but they hadn't really done much of note outside of the Japanese circuit. Artur Kyshenko, meanwhile, was considered one of premier kickboxers on the planet and is ranked #2 at welterweight, behind the great Nieky Holzken, today. Kyshenko's thunderous punching power, solid kicking game, love of going to the body and brilliant technical game all around made them a frightening prospect for any fighter at welterweight.
Coming straight off of a knockout loss and facing a top five ranked fighter, Watanabe did a decent job of making a fight out of it, but it was clear to anyone watching who the better fighter was. Kyshenko was crisper, their punches were beating Watanabe's to the mark, and each time Watanabe stumbled back to stance Kyshenko punished them with low kicks.
In the third round, however, Watanabe began to have success with snap kicks to Kyshenko's midsection. Sometimes referred to as the crescent kick (mikazuki-geri), the triangle kick (sankaku-geri) hinges at the knee and connects with the ball of the foot as the front snap kick does, but comes upwards on a forty-five degree trajectory. Hiding this kick between the round kick and the front kick, and particularly using all three interchangeably, makes the job of the defending man difficult. If their plan is to stand still and block kicks rather than move away from them, the triangle kick will quite easily wind a man.
Watanabe's snap kick sent Kyshenko down for the count and shocked much of the community who were largely unfamiliar with the effectiveness of snap kicks. Unfortunately, it happened on a RISE card so not many fans saw it. Watanabe has done little of note since, but handed kickboxing's new golden boy, Josh Jauncey one of their few losses back in November of 2013.
Pick up Jack's new Kindle book, Finding the Art, or find them at their blog, Fights Gone By.
Check out these related stories:
Cormier versus Gustafsson: What Makes a Champion
The Lost Round: The Thrilla in Manila Forty Years On
Wushu Watch: George Dillman and the Magic of Kyusho
ROSWELL, N.M. — Past the city limits, where the main street with the U.F.O. museum and the McDonald's in the shape of a flying saucer gives way to a lonely highway coursing through an ocean of scrubby terrain, the green door pops up like a periscope.
Jim Moore, a real estate agent here, sells mostly ranch houses in tidy neighborhoods or stretches of undeveloped land in a place where that is abundant. But for some reason, they said, when an odd listing comes around, it tends to fall to him. And on a recent morning, they pulled off the highway onto a gravel path leading straight to their latest example.
The 25-acre parcel, a 20-mile drive from the city's downtown, has a worn trailer where the former owner lived and then that green door, which opens on a stairwell heading deep underground. There, visitors who do not fear enclosed spaces will find a marvel of military architecture that has had Mr. Moore's phone ringing with inquiries from across the country: a missile silo, decommissioned decades ago.
From a real estate perspective, it is a fixer-upper, to put it mildly, one that appeals to a small and idiosyncratic cut of potential buyers (one of whom has already signed a contract, placing it off the market for the moment). At the height of the Cold War, the site had been the home of an Atlas-F missile, an intercontinental ballistic weapon with a warhead over 100 times more powerful than the atomic bomb dropped on Nagasaki in World War II. The missile was taken out of service after just a few years, and left behind was a subterranean lair worthy of a Bond villain, burrowing 10 stories down and capable of withstanding a nuclear blast.
This post in the second in a series on Science, Technology, and Society. The first post is here, and the following post is here. All posts in the series have previously appeared on the Partially Examined Life group page on Facebook.
"We begin by making any supposition, even a false one, to see what consequences will follow from it; and by observing how these differ from the real phenomena, we learn what corrections to make in our assumption."
John Stuart Mill (1806 – 1873) was an English political and epistemic philosopher. Their father, James Mill, was a respected philosopher in their own right, and raised their son to follow in their footsteps. Mill was thus equipped, by both nature and nurture, for the life of the mind. They did not disappoint – they are usually regarded as the most influential philosopher of Victorian Britain. They made important contributions to mathematics, logic, epistemology, psychology, ethics, liberalism, feminism, and – our subject here – the philosophy of science.
In A System of Logic (1843) Mill proposed what has since become the standard description of a scientific explanation, called the Covering Law Model. According to Mill, science is concerned with the discovery of regular patterns in experience (laws), and a scientific explanation of a fact is one that fixes its relationship to such laws. As we gain experience in detecting these laws, we observe that certain features of investigation are more conducive to discovery than others. We might, in other words, propose a law about the discovery of laws – the Scientific Method. This method is, simply, to use inference and inductive reason to create a set of hypotheses, and then to use deductive reason to derive from them likely consequences. We then perform an experiment, and on that basis we eliminate or revise our theories until we arrive at the true explanation.
This method rests on two assumptions: that of Determinism (a discoverable cause for the phenomena does in fact exist, and requires the phenomena to exist where it is present), and that of Limited Variety (that cause is embedded in some way within the available hypotheses.) We can infer that these assumptions are indeed applicable from the explanatory success of the laws already discovered (or in principle discoverable) on their basis. Each new discovery which expands upon and agrees with earlier discoveries provides confirmation both of them, and of the assumptions of Determinism and Limited Variety.
Although Mill is interested in logic, they do not believe that scientific discoveries must be grounded in logic – because logic is embedded in the deep structure of the universe, and because that structure is known principally through experience, we know that a law which accords with experience is logical. It is not necessary to work out the specifics.
Science proceeds, according to Mill, in two ways: by filling in the gaps between theories, and by rearranging structures of theories. For instance, we can know at what temperature water boils from experience, and we embed that experience within an elementary principle. However, if we want to discover the effect of air pressure on the temperature at which water will boil, we need to invoke additional theories about air pressure and the nature of the boiling process itself. A more general account of observation requires, in other words, a more complex structure of theories. Creating the elementary theories is a matter of “filling in the gaps” in our knowledge. If these theories seem to contradict (for instance, the confrontation between Newton's and Einstein's account of gravity), we can reasonably infer that there is a flaw in our structural arrangement. Locating and repairing this flaw then becomes the object of scientific investigation. A true and accurate structure of theories, then, will contain no gaps, and no contradictions.
Mill's account of scientific investigations formed the foundation for both logical positivism and the theory of falsification in a later generation. It was, and remains, the standard account of scientific discovery.
Daniel Halverson is a graduate student studying the history of Science, Technology, and Society in Nineteenth century Germany.  They are also a regular contributor to the PEL Facebook page.
Obamacare has an incurable preexisting condition: It eats away at the private insurance market on which it relies. That market cannot survive Obamacare's hubristic mandates, and Obamacare cannot survive the collapse of that market. On their present course, both are doomed.
The challenge for conservatives is to figure out how, upon Obamacare's repeal, to rescue private insurance. If conservatives don't save that market, liberals will—only it will no longer be a market for private insurance, and there will no longer be millions of purchasers, but just one. The question is, will conservatives kill Obamacare and save the private market, or will liberals kill the private market and institute "single-payer" health care?
How to save the private market is no mystery: Repeal Obamacare, encourage the use of health savings accounts, and offer a non-income-tested tax credit to those who buy health insurance on their own—to more or less equalize the tax treatment of employer-based and individually purchased insurance. This is an issue of the highest importance, but Republican presidential candidates have been slow to focus on it.
Aside from advancing serious alternatives, Republicans' ongoing task is to keep Obamacare from becoming entrenched, while letting it collapse under its own weight. Refusing to set up Obamacare exchanges in many states was a step in the right direction, as was rejecting Obamacare's Medicaid expansion in many states and—late last year—stopping Obamacare's insurer bailout.
That last victory was certainly important. Obamacare was originally going to reward insurance companies that lowballed their prices, by having taxpayers help cover their losses. Senator Marco Rubio raised this issue, and others pushed it for many months, among them Heritage Action, the House Energy and Commerce Committee, the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, Senator Mike Lee, and Representatives Leonard Lance and (now-senator) Bill Cassidy. Eventually, language was included in last December's CRomnibus legislation requiring the so-called risk-corridor program to be budget-neutral and barring the Obama administration from covering potential shortfalls by tapping other funds. In other words, the legislation prevented the program from functioning as an insurer bailout. The Hill quotes Tim Jost, a prominent health care law professor and Obamacare supporter, as saying of Republicans, "I think this is one of the most effective things they've done so far in terms of trying to undermine the Affordable Care Act."
The CRomnibus legislation, however, runs out on December 11, and with it the language stopping Obamacare's insurer bailout. Former senior Obama administration official Marilyn Tavenner, who now heads the nation's largest lobbying group for health insurance companies, calls it "essential" that the risk corridors "work as designed"—that is, at taxpayer expense. The Obama administration shares them goal.
It shouldn't be difficult, though, for Republicans to stand their ground and insist that any new legislation continue the taxpayer protections—as the public overwhelmingly supports this. The 2017 Project (which I ran) released a McLaughlin & Associates poll last year asking, "If private insurance companies lose money selling health insurance under Obamacare, should taxpayers help cover their losses?" By a tally of 81 to 10 percent, respondents said no. (The poll included 38 percent Democrats and 31 percent Republicans.)
Forestalling the bailout forced insurers to price their Obamacare policies more honestly, thus helping to limit Obamacare enrollment and keep the president's signature legislation from gaining the foothold they would like. But the reason Obamacare is destroying the private insurance market is its 2,400 pages of harmful mandates. To provide just a partial list, Obamacare forces insurers to take sick or injured people who aren't really buying insurance so much as heavily subsidized health care, the cost of which gets passed on to everyone else; it lets people flit in and out of the market pretty much at whim; it bans insurers from pricing policies for young people at the low rates the market would naturally yield; it makes it nearly impossible to buy more affordable catastrophic insurance, as everyone's policy must include such things as pediatric dental care, whether or not one has kids; it discourages new insurers from entering the market and essentially bans the building or expansion of doctor-owned hospitals; and, finally, it encourages the consolidation of both insurance companies and hospitals.
Premiums, unsurprisingly, have risen dramatically, deductibles have risen alongside them, doctor networks have shrunk to appalling levels, and the American people, particularly younger and healthier ones, are rejecting the product—even though they are mandated to buy it.
Professor Seth Chandler, who teaches insurance law at the University of Houston, writes that data released by the Department of Health and Human Services about a month ago show "the beginnings of an adverse selection death spiral that threatens the stability of the system of insurance created by the Affordable Care Act." Chandler adds, "Private health insurance is fragile. It generally does not well withstand the sort of underwriting regulation imposed by" Obamacare.
Charles Gaba, an Obamacare supporter, has studied premiums in the exchanges and found that the weighted average increase in premiums from 2015 to 2016—reflecting what the typical person is likely facing—is a whopping 12 to 13 percent nationally. Most Americans, needless to say, aren't getting 12 to 13 percent raises to keep pace with their premium increases. Chandler finds that price spikes are even greater for plans with wider doctor networks—when such plans are even offered. They observe the disappearance this fall of plans with wider doctor networks that were available last year on the Obamacare exchange in Houston—arguably the health care capital of America. "Basically," they write, "it is no longer true in [Houston] that you have a choice of doctor if you purchase an Obamacare plan. You get what the HMO or EPO gives you."
No wonder Americans are disobeying the command to buy Obamacare-compliant insurance. The administration now says it "expects 10 million" people to be enrolled in the exchanges by the end of 2016. That's less than half the CBO's projection of 21 million for 2016 that it made when Obamacare was passed and reiterated just this spring.
The nation's largest health insurance provider, UnitedHealthcare, recently announced it is considering withdrawing from the Obamacare exchanges in 2017, citing heavy losses, and it followed that up by saying it made "a bad decision" to enter the exchanges to the degree that it already has. Nor are United's woes a product of reckless lowball pricing. Chandler writes,
United prices tend to be fairly close to the median [for plans on the exchanges] and, if anything, tend to be a bit higher . . . suggesting that either United had problems on the cost side or simply that it is now facing up to a fact that some other large insurers may wish to deny: Obamacare is in trouble.
Indeed, it is. But it won't die on its own. It will limp along, wounded and ailing, and dragging the insurers down with it. The key question remains: Will Republicans repeal and replace Obamacare with a conservative alternative in 2017? Or will they apply some pointless "fix," allowing the next Democratic administration to move us from a government disaster to a government monopoly?
We are very happy to announce that VoidExpanse has finally been Greenlit! We couldn't even imagine how much support we would get from the community when we launched that campaign. And now, after just one month after the submission you helped VoidExpanse get on Steam. That means a lot to us, and to the future of the game. Thank you everyone!
We can now shift our focus back to the development again and continue with the updates as we did before the campaign. We are really striving to make the best game possible and we hope you continue supporting us in the future!
We will also provide you with more information on the Steam version of the game and release date fairly soon. So stay tuned and don't forget to check our blog once in a while! You could also join the discussion on our forums.
State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki issued a press release denouncing the “enemies of Islam ” following car bombings in Baghdad that appear to have been timed to target Shi'ite “festivities marking the end of Ramadan.”
Reuters reported that the bombings consisted of “twelve separate blasts targeting markets, busy shopping streets, and parks.” The explosions killed almost 80 people.
The August 10 press release on the State Department website reads:
The United States condemns in the strongest possible terms the cowardly attacks… in Baghdad. These attacks were aimed at families celebrating the Eid al-Fitr holiday that marks the end of the Muslim holy month of Ramadan. The terrorists who committed these acts are enemies of Islam and a shared enemy of the United States, Iraq, and the international community.
The PJ Tatler pointed out that this quick condemnation of the enemies of Islam stands in sharp contrast to the way the Obama administration has handled Boko Haram's ongoing slaughter of Christians in Nigeria. When Assistant Secretary of State for African Affairs Johnnie Carson testified before Congress last year, they said the Boko Haram attacks were not “religiously motivated.”
Follow AWR Hawkins on Twitter @AWRHawkins.
“Read the books, read the lore, and start to understand what has really been going on here, because there is no doubt that we are being visited.” Dr. Edgar Mitchell (Apollo 14) (source)
"Behind the scenes, high ranking Air Force officers are soberly concerned about UFOs. But through official secrecy and ridicule, many citizens are led to believe the unknown flying objects are nonsense.” Former head of CIA, Roscoe Hillenkoetter, 1960 (source)
“Intelligent beings from other star systems have been and are visiting our planet Earth. They are variously referred to as Visitors, Others, Star People, Et's, etc…They are visiting Earth now; this is not a matter of conjecture or wistful thinking”
Related Who Really Owns and Controls the Military-Industrial Complex and What Are They Doing? – An Extensive Research Report
There are literally hundreds of these people, from academic to political and military backgrounds all the way to astronauts that have been blowing the whistle for a very long time.
According to Herman Oberth, one of the founding fathers of rocketry and astronautics, “flying saucers are real and . . . they are spaceships from another solar system. I think that they possibly are manned by intelligent observers who are members of a race that may have been investigating our Earth for centuries.” (Oberth, Hermann: “Flying Saucers Come from a Distant World,” The American Weekly, October 24, 1954) (
These programs exist and are known as Special Access Programs (SAP). From these we have unacknowledged and waived SAPs. These programs do not exist publicly, but they do indeed exist. They are better known as ‘deep black programs.' A 1997 US Senate report described them as “so sensitive that they are exempt from standard reporting requirements to the Congress.”
Last but not least, we have officially released documents (previously classified) detailing various encounter with UFOs.
I just wanted to provide a little bit of background information about the “secret space” program and what could be going on in it. For a deeper look into the subject, below is a great lecture given by researcher
There are literally hundreds of these people, from academic to political and military backgrounds all the way to astronauts that have been blowing the whistle for a very long time. Scientific publications (many) have also been made throughout the years describing strange and radar confirmed military sightings by military pilots.According to Herman Oberth, one of the founding fathers of rocketry and astronautics, “flying saucers are real and . . . they are spaceships from another solar system. I think that they possibly are manned by intelligent observers who are members of a race that may have been investigating our Earth for centuries.” (Oberth, Hermann: “Flying Saucers Come from a Distant World,” The American Weekly, October 24, 1954) ( source 1)( source 2)These programs exist and are known as Special Access Programs (SAP). From these we have unacknowledged and waived SAPs. These programs do not exist publicly, but they do indeed exist. They are better known as ‘deep black programs.' A 1997 US Senate report described them as “so sensitive that they are exempt from standard reporting requirements to the Congress.” (source) Last but not least, we have officially released documents (previously classified) detailing various encounter with UFOs. Here is one out of many examples that we've covered in the past.I just wanted to provide a little bit of background information about the “secret space” program and what could be going on in it. For a deeper look into the subject, below is a great lecture given by researcher Richard Dolan
Yes, there are still many who would instantaneously think you're completely bonkers for even contemplating any truth to the title above, but that comes from a place of innocent ignorance. It's easy to dismiss something without properly investigating the subject for yourself, and the thought of an idea like this still remaining in the category of a “fringe” type of topic is unsettling. The masses continue to ignore a tremendous amount of evidence that points to the fact that we are not alone, and that we've actually been visited.Why is this important? Well, it has tremendous implications in all fields, from history to science to energy and more. Unfortunately we've been bombarded with the idea of alien invasions, little green men and alien propaganda, which is probably a big reason as to why so many people have such a hard time even considering it as a possibility.Theodor C. Loder III, Phd, Professor Emeritus of Earth Sciences, University of New Hampshire, writes in a paper they made public in 2011: ( source 2011 is about the same time more and more recognized academics started to speak up. Dr. Brian O'leary, Former Princeton Physics professor is a great example when they basically said the same thing.
The villains are starting to stack up in Gotham, the latest casting decision to be confirmed for the new FOX series ‘Gotham' is Michael Smith. The role of Edward Nygma (or the Riddler as you may know him) was the latest addition to the quickly growing lineup of evil.
Cory Michael Smith will be a guest star in the pilot, though they were signed with an option to become a series regular should the show do well and the fans like the direction the character is moving into.
According to the show runner, Bruno Heller, Nygma will be a forensic scientist who works for Gotham PD, a brilliant mind that is wonderful in their field.
As for Smith you may remember them from Camp X-Ray with Kristen Stewart. They were also in the HBO miniseries Olive Kitteridge. Right now the cast list stands with Ben McKenzie (as Jim Gordon), Donal Logue (Harvey Bullock), Jada Pinkett Smith (a new character not in the comics, gangster Fish Mooney), Sean Pertwee (Alfred Pennyworth) and Robin Lord Taylor (The Penguin).
Tags : FOX
New York Red Bulls are not interested in bringing Manchester United's Bastian Schweinsteiger to MLS.
Oliver Mintzlaff, the head of global soccer at New York Red Bulls, told Bild although the midfielder is a big talent they are not a player they anticipate signing.
"Schweinsteiger is a great player who has had an amazing career," Mintzlaff told Bild. "But there are no talks [over a move to New York Red Bulls].  They are not an issue for us and they will not become an issue."
The former Germany international has been linked with a move to the U.S. since falling out of favour at United under Jose Mourinho.
MLS commissioner Don Garber has encouraged the speculation by telling kicker that Schweinsteiger would be welcomed "with open arms."
"We know them from the 2014 World Cup, when they played against the USA," Garber said. "Plus they played an All-Star game here with Bayern. We are keeping a close eye on their situation."
Follow @ESPNFC on Twitter to keep up with the latest football updates.
The 48-year-old Finn, who competed in 130 grands prix with the Woking-based squad between 1993 and 2001, will work alongside executive director Zak Brown and the team's marketing staff, dealing with partners.
Hakkinen, a world champion with McLaren in 1998 and 1999, will also work with McLaren Automotive CEO Mike Flewitt.
"I've always considered McLaren to be my home in Formula 1, and I still have an enormous place in my heart for everyone in the team," said the Finn, a 20-time grand prix winner.
"Of course, the past few years for McLaren haven't been easy, but I've always believed that it's only a matter of 'when' rather than 'if' McLaren will come good again – and I want to play my part in helping that happen.
"Returning to McLaren was an easy decision for me – I've never really lost contact, and I still know a lot of the hard-working men and women there from my eight-and-a-bit seasons with the team.
"I'm also really looking forward to working with Zak, who owns one of my race-winning McLarens from 2001.
"We've spoken about how we can work together, and I can see that he's putting in place the building blocks needed to help McLaren get back to the front.
"I'll be collaborating closely with them during the exciting years ahead."
This is the fifth in a series of “Provocations,” a LARB series produced in conjunction with “What Cannot Be Said: Freedom of Expression in a Changing World” a conference cosponsored by UCI, USC, and UCLA (January 22 -24, 2016). All contributors are also participants in the conference.
Some months ago I checked my email and was excited to find that one had been sent by A** W*****z and was an invitation to me to participate in this conference. I mean, A*y W*l*n*! For reals. Like I say, I was really happy to get the invitation. And of course I was going to accept.
But the title of the conference immediately gave me problems. “Freedom of Expression in a Changing World: What Cannot Be Said.” By the way, did anyone have trouble reading the poster for this conference?
I mean, did you notice how the font sizes of the lines aren't the same and aren't the same size? The words “What Cannot Be Said” are in the middle of the poster in one font and the lettering for that is the largest. If you read the poster one way, focusing on the largest font, it looks like “What Cannot Be Said” is the title. Read the poster another way, from top to bottom, and it comes out as “Freedom of Expression: What Cannot Be Said in a Changing world.”
Actually, I understood the first three words of the actual title just fine: “Freedom of Expression.” I got that part. I was a little uncertain about what “in a changing world” meant since the world is always changing. It is, right? But it was the subtitle, “What Cannot Be Said,” that darn subtitle, that really gave me pause. What Cannot Be Said. Now what does that mean, I wondered.
I was quickly beginning to panic because I was already thinking that when you hear those words, the words “what cannot be said,” when you hear them, you hear them as a command to speak, as in “you must speak,” and you find to your increasing dismay that said imperative has already intensified in speed and you have actually been hearing it all the time as an imperative to “talk louder,” or to “speak up,” as if you had been talking the whole time and someone had said to you “what cannot be said,” and your pulse rate went up — like, a lot — because you couldn't tell if the person intended to say the declarative sentence it seems to be, or rather pose a question disguised as a declarative sentence—like “what cannot be said?.”
And you'd be like, “What do you mean, I have to speak up?”
And they'd be like “That's right. You must speak. You have to. It's your duty. I'm calling on you.” By speaking up, in other words, you have to show them what is meant when they say “What Cannot Be Said.”
So they'd be like: “You have to tell us what cannot be said. You have to speak.”
And you'd be like: “No. (Pause for dramatic effect.) I don't. I have the right to remain silent.”
And then they'd say, after taking about five minutes to think it over, “Yeah. You're right.” Although they'd be thinking, like, we did invite you to a conference.
And you'd be all cocky, like, “That's right. I cannot say whatever I want. No. Scratch that. I cannot say whatever the fuck I want. Fuck, yeah. Goddam cop.” (Last words said under your breath.)
And then there would be nothing left to say. Right?
So would we then be in the true realm of the “what-cannot-be- said?” I mean, what is there to say? Is “what cannot be said” a realm? Or would it be better to call it an “area?”
Is it even a space? People talk about pushing boundaries, as if there were a clear, wide line separating what can be said from what cannot. And people do seem to spatialize and temporalize speech, like when they say that a classroom should be a “safe space” free from certain kinds of speaking. And when they say there should be trigged warnings before there can be certain kinds of speaking. The notion of trigger warnings implies implies that safety too has a temporality, as if you could stop talking, and as if everything you had said up to that point you would know for a fact had been said with good social hygiene, as if you could stop before you said anything unsafe and put a kind of giant condom over your head before engaging in daily intercourse with other people in the classroom. Then everyone would be protected from a possible danger: an insemination, a conception, a creation.
Now let's go back to that troubling subtitle, “What Cannot Be Said,” and this time, let's hear it as a sentence spoken like a question, like what was originally called Valley Girl talk in the 1980s before it became universal, you know, like when every declarative sentence is spoken as if it were a question to which there was no answer as in “What Cannot be Said?” (say it with a shrug of the shoulders and a facial expression like a word balloon reading “Is that a question?) I don't know. I don't think I can say.
I am saying that What Cannot Be Said in fact cannot be said, that is: we can never know in advance what cannot be said, and we don't want to know it.
Do we? And besides which: What cannot be said — now that you've thought of it — may always be said if you really want to. Saying it just carries certain risks like getting your head blown off while sitting in your office; or being killed for not loving god in the right way or for not loving the right god, or the right kind of person; saying what cannot be said entails risks like being shot in your building's elevator or stuck indefinitely in some detention center, or in a black site, or in a gulag at hard labor for decades, or being audited by the IRS every other year, or worst of all being tuned out, shut down, even if you can't be turned off, always still transmitting whatever you would have said, or would not have said, or could have said if only you'd had the time. Is there anything one will not have said, in the end? Are you saying what cannot be said, but saying it only to yourselves? And if you're saying what cannot be said, then what cannot be said can be said — as I said. Right?
Is there anyone listening? Is there…
[Transcript mysteriously trails off.]
http://gty.im/628957714
Florida State Has Multiple Players Who Could End Up Being High Level Prospects In The 2018 Draft.
So far in this series prospects from Alabama and Ohio State have been examined. Next in line is Florida State.
Florida State has sent some very talented players to the NFL in recent years. Notable examples are Jameis Winston, Jalen Ramsey and Dalvin Cook.
Part of the reason for this is head coach Jimbo Fisher, who aside from having a pretty cool name is also a good coach. The Seminoles are seemingly one of the best teams in the country, both on the field and with recruiting, just about every season.
Meet the Prospects:
Florida State lost some key players from last years team. Fortunately they have a lot of talent returning as well. They have multiple players who are expected to be stars.
These are some of the players that could end up being solid prospects for the 2018 draft:
Safety Derwin James, 6'3” 211, Redshirt Sophomore:
http://gty.im/599539084
Last season was a disappointment for James. It wasn't their fault though. They suffered a season-ending knee injury during the second game of the season and ended up taking a redshirt. As a first-year student in 2015 they were outstanding, logging 91 tackles, nine and a half tackles for loss, four and a half sacks and two forced fumbles. It's rare for a first-year student to perform that well. Expectations will be high for James this season. He's a good athlete who can hit like a linebacker and has good cover skills. If they can bounce back from the knee injury and show they can be the player they were as a first-year student they will get a lot of interest from NFL scouts.
Cornerback Tarvarus McFadden, 6'2” 198, Junior:
Corners with length and ball skills are generally high coveted on draft day. McFadden has both of those things. Last season they led the nation with eight interceptions. Their play got better as the year went on last year. If they can keep improving they could end up coming off the board early in the 2018 draft.
Defensive Tackle Derrick Nnadi, 6'1” 312, Senior:
Nnadi had a really solid year last season. They recorded 49 tackles, 10.5 tackles for loss and six sacks. That's really good production for an interior defensive lineman who are generally guys who do a lot of the dirty work. Nnadi is a strong guy who is tough for offensive lineman to move. They also have enough athleticism to get up-field and make plays.
Defensive End Josh Sweat, 6'5” 250, Junior:
http://gty.im/626735800
Coming out of high school Sweat was one of the highest rated players in their class. As a senior in high school they suffered a major knee injury that caused their college career to get off to kind of slow start. They were able to be a solid contributor last season. Sweat had seven sacks, 11.5 tackles for loss and a forced fumble in 2016. If they can take another step forward next year they could become one of the better prospects for the 2018 draft.
Wide Receiver Auden Tate, 6'5” 225, Junior:
Florida State lost some of there key receivers from last years team. Tate will look to take on a larger role in the offense and help replace some of the lost production. Last year they emerged as a threat in the red zone. If they can take advantage of the situation and have a strong year they could draw interest from the NFL.
Linebacker Matthew Thomas, 6'3” 227, Redshirt Senior:
Thomas led Florida State with 77 tackles in 2016. They also had 11 tackles for loss. A shoulder injury caused them to miss the 2015 season so it was good to see that they were able to bounce back and perform well. If they can manage to have another year of production and stay healthy they will likely be a pretty solid prospect.
I really hope you enjoyed the article! Follow me on Twitter @CHayes95 and join the discussion on the Lions' subreddit!
Celebrity business person Mark Cuban on Thursday night apologized to the world for the GOP's nomination of Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE for president.
"Dear World. Please ignore what the loud guy in the suit is saying. Americans are nothing like him. We love our country and are proud of it," Cuban said in a tweet that got nearly 20,000 retweets.
Dear world. Please ignore what the loud guy in the suit is saying. Americans are nothing like him. We love our country and are proud of it — Mark Cuban (@mcuban) July 22, 2016
ADVERTISEMENT
Cuban has inserted themselves into the 2016 election by frequently offering criticisms of Trump.
He's also teased a potential run for president in the future.
"To paraphrase @realDonaldTrump I'm the government and I'm here to save you, give you a job, cut you off from the world & end tech progress," Cuban tweeted Thursday.
To paraphrase @realDonaldTrump I'm the government and I'm here to save you, give you a job, cut you off from the world & end tech progress — Mark Cuban (@mcuban) July 22, 2016
Dear world we are going to stop you from cheating on the trade deals I will longer do. Watch out !!! - @realDonaldTrump — Mark Cuban (@mcuban) July 22, 2016
Can David Moyes take inspiration from the way David De Gea has turned it around at Manchester United?
David De Gea: Established themselves as one of the Premier League's best goalkeepers
If David Moyes requires any inspiration as they attempt to overcome a woeful start to life at Manchester United, the manager only has to glance at the name on the top of their team-sheet.
David De Gea struggled to fill Edwin van der Sar's gloves when they arrived from Atletico Madrid in 2011, just like Moyes is having trouble stepping into Sir Alex Ferguson's shoes.
Many feel the 'Chosen One' is under-qualified and lacks the necessary experience for their position at Old Trafford, which are the same accusations plenty of us threw at De Gea when they made a desperately poor first impression.
Two-and-a-half years later, De Gea has made those critics - including me - choke on our words.
While United and Moyes have floundered this season, De Gea has continued to blossom into one of the Premier League's very best goalkeepers. Behind a back four hopelessly inconsistent in selection and form, the Spaniard's performances have prevented the new manager's reign from getting off to an even more inauspicious start.In my defence, I was certainly not alone in my premature judgement.
David de Gea has been terrific. They have been great. They came in as a good young goalkeeper and they are turning into a great goalkeeper with a lot more to come. David Moyes
In The Times, De Gea was described by James Ducker as "a kid who won a competition to play in goal for Manchester United," while Patrick Barclay commented on the same paper's podcast: "The goalie is like a jelly. They aren't physically capable. He's Heurelho Gomes without the shot-stopping.
"Mick Dennis was equally damning in the Daily Express: "He's called David de Gea Quintana. But don't bother learning all those names. There will be another chap along soon. There has to be."
At the time, it was difficult to make a case against those judgements. Even De Gea's coach and mentor, Eric Steele, admitted in an interview in October's United We Stand fanzine that the goalkeeper's first six months in England were "horrendous".
Ferguson's faith certainly wavered but despite dropping De Gea twice - midway through their first season and at the start of their second - the manager refused to give up on their £18million project.
That, as it has transpired, is one of the few favours Ferguson has afforded their successor.
De Gea's importance to Moyes and United was never more evident than last Wednesday night, when they helped United keep a clean sheet against Olympiakos which enabled their side to atone for their horror show in Athens three weeks previously.
De Gea's all-round performance was equally impressive as their crucial first-half double save. Such reliability when it comes to the more mundane aspects of goalkeeping will surely be what pleases Steele and new coach, Chris Woods, the most.
Young De Gea lines up for their United debut
Defining De Gea's shot-stopping ability was apparent from the start, even through their error-strewn first half-season at United.
Saves to deny Stoke's Andy Wilkinson and Jordan Henderson at Liverpool stand out before the defining moment of their debut campaign - a brilliant full-length dive at Chelsea to keep Juan Mata's injury-time free kick out of the top corner with their top hand.
It was the supposedly-routine tasks De Gea struggled with, especially when it involved leaving their goal-line to dominate the penalty area.
Looking back now at particularly costly mistakes against Blackburn and Basel highlights their dramatic improvement.
Perhaps understandably given they had only just turned 20 when they arrived at United, De Gea's immaturity - physically and mentally - certainly hampered their start to life at Old Trafford, as Steele admitted.
The coach said: "I told them they needed to train better. There were times in their first season that they trained poorly."
"One issue with them was that they were just 71 kilos. We worked with them on and off the field to make them more powerful. We changed their lifestyle. They would finish training and want to go home. When I told them to come back in the afternoon, they would ask why.
"There were lifestyle issues. He'd sleep two or three times a day, he'd have their main meal late at night. He'd eat too many tacos. We pushed protein drinks on them straight after training. We physically made them drink. We had them in the gym a lot. They hated it."
United have made De Gea bulk up
Steele, who also revealed De Gea was "lazy in their desire to learn English", persevered with the "matchstick of a goalkeeper" who had first wowed them at the European Under-17 Championships in 2007.
The physical results were obvious by the start of their sophomore season. De Gea no longer looked like the waifish youngster struggling to fill their untucked jersey, which made them appear even more spindly when it hung over their shorts.
Despite the improvement in their physique, inconsistency remained. Ferguson benched De Gea for four Premier League games and even after they regained the gloves, questions continued to be asked.
Only three clean sheets in 17 games preceded the January trip to Tottenham, when De Gea's poor punch allowed Spurs to equalise in the dying minutes.
In the days and weeks that followed, the media linked countless keepers with United, with the club reportedly resigned to replacing De Gea.
Instead, Ferguson defiantly backed their young number one, who was named in the PFA Team of the Year shortly after, and the club have reaped the rewards ever since.
The only blight on De Gea's season so far is the gaffe which saw Phil Bardsley's low drive squirm through their grasp late in extra-time of the Capital One Cup semi-final 2nd leg against Sunderland.
The Black Cats also provided the opposition in October when De Gea made what many consider to be the save of the season; a dive back towards the post they had only just vacated to parry Emanuele Giaccherini's header to safety.
De Gea saves from Giaccherini
Any best save compilation would have to feature De Gea's stunning one-handed stop to deny Luis Suarez in the second half of United's humiliation at home to Liverpool - the lowest of too many lows for Moyes.
So it was lucky for the manager that De Gea remained in similar form for the visit of Olympiakos three days later. It was also apt that the white latex on De Gea's gloves remained unblemished after their double save against the Greeks, with the kick-save having almost become their signature move.
Few keepers use their feet and legs as the last barrier as much as De Gea, which may be due to their wide stance and gunslinger-style 'set', where their hands stay close to their hips. They share these traits with many of their countrymen, but though the likes of Victor Valdes and Iker Casillas have hardly suffered, De Gea does seem to be making an effort to keep their hands slightly more forward, therefore drawing their weight forward too.
De Gea uses their feet to deny Real Madrid
Still, sometimes they remain unorthodox which, as Peter Schmeichel proved, is not always a bad thing.
Goalkeeping is an art, rather than a science.
While De Gea is more continental in approach to their shotstopping, the way they dominate their area has become far more anglicised.
Rarely do you see De Gea flap, which was in stark contrast on Wednesday to Olympiakos stopper Roberto, who gave way to De Gea when they made their senior debut for Atletico, aged 18.
When De Gea leaves their line, it is usually to catch and in the instances they opt to punch, they use their newly-chiseled frame to great effect. The goalkeeper and their coaches should take huge credit for that.
The fact De Gea's development has gone unchecked through the handover of power at Old Trafford is also a major achievement.
Moyes raised many eyebrows when they dispensed with Mike Phelan and Rene Meulensteen, but Steele's exit was perhaps the most surprising.
The coach, who now works with Steve McClaren at Derby, learned Spanish to help De Gea and deserves as much credit as anyone for the goalkeeper's improvement.
With Woods following Moyes to United from Everton, it left De Gea without their two most infuential mentors at Old Trafford - Ferguson and Steele.
Goalkeepers are creatures of habit. Christophe Lollichon has been Petr Cech's rock through eight different Chelsea managers and the Czech stopper has certainly benefited from that stability.
Liverpool, though, thrust four different coaches on Pepe Reina and they suffered because of that.
Perhaps it is because of De Gea's "calmness, composure and inner strength" - their biggest assets, according to Steele - that the Spaniard did not regress like compatriot Reina did at Anfield.
The fact that "nothing fazes him" is surely the reason they got through such a poor start at United, though only those closest to De Gea will know if their coolness comes from an innate strength of character or the apathy of youth.
Even though De Gea is settled in Manchester, Steele admitted to United We Stand that "there are still issues".
They did not identify them specifically, but talk of a return to La Liga is rarely far away.
De Gea could guard the United goal for at least another decade. Moyes has spoken of their desire to tie down their goalkeeper to a longer term deal, but does De Gea see their future that way?
The former Atletico keeper was quoted as saying last summer that "it is clear that Madrid is my city and someday I would return".
The fact their long-term girlfriend still lives in Spain may also eventually become a factor.
However, for now, the future does not seem to concern De Gea and, apparently, nor does anything else.
Their new manager is certainly not as carefree, but if Moyes can prove their critics wrong in a similar fashion to their goalkeeper, then perhaps they might have a future at Old Trafford after all.
The Sky Sports team are joined in the studio by special guest Paul Scholes tonight. Join us 7pm, Sky Sports 1 and Sky 3D.
Fox Business's March performance marked its sixth month as TV's top business network as it registered an average of 212,000 viewers from 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., while CNBC averaged 183,000 total viewers during that time period.
CNBC did beat Fox Business by a narrow margin in the key 25-54 demographic during Business Day hours, however, capturing an average of 35,000 viewers to Fox Business's 31,000.
ADVERTISEMENT
Overall, "all of FBN's business programming saw double digit increases year over year, while CNBC tied for its third lowest rated month ever," according to a Fox Business release.
CNBC announced in 2015 that it will no longer rely on Nielsen ratings to measure its daytime audience, turning to rival Cogent Reports instead.
The financial network made the switch after complaining for years that Nielsen fails to track "out of home" viewing in locations such as airports, gyms, restaurants and offices. Fox Business Network continued its success against CNBC at the start of the year by delivering its first back-to-back quarterly win over its rival in total viewers during the business day, according to Nielsen Media Research.Fox Business's March performance marked its sixth month as TV's top business network as it registered an average of 212,000 viewers from 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m., while CNBC averaged 183,000 total viewers during that time period.CNBC did beat Fox Business by a narrow margin in the key 25-54 demographic during Business Day hours, however, capturing an average of 35,000 viewers to Fox Business's 31,000.Overall, "all of FBN's business programming saw double digit increases year over year, while CNBC tied for its third lowest rated month ever," according to a Fox Business release.CNBC announced in 2015 that it will no longer rely on Nielsen ratings to measure its daytime audience, turning to rival Cogent Reports instead.The financial network made the switch after complaining for years that Nielsen fails to track "out of home" viewing in locations such as airports, gyms, restaurants and offices.
Fox Business Vice President of Programming Gary Schreier disputed CNBC's position on Nielsen and out-of-home viewing in a recent interview with BuzzFeed.
“If you don't like the score of the game, sometimes you try to change the referee. We all have out-of-home viewership. I know that's not getting rated, but I'm glad we're on,” Schreier said earlier this month.
Among recent major financial news stories, the Dow Jones industrial average topped 21,000 points for the first time in history earlier this month only to suffer a nine-day losing streak, the longest such streak since 1978.
--This report was updated at 12:29 p.m.
TEL AVIV – Russia delivered to the Obama administration a list of the names of al-Qaida members among the Syrian rebels, who are receiving arms shipments coordinated by the U.S., according to informed Middle Eastern security officials.
The list, the officials added, demonstrates the U.S. is failing to vet the rebels being supported by the West for ties to al-Qaida and other jihad groups.
The information comes amid scores of news media reports that the Obama administration is aiding the rebels, including by coordinating Arab arms shipments.
The arming of Syrian rebels is considered highly controversial. A major issue is the inclusion of jihadists, including al-Qaida, among the ranks of the Free Syrian Army and other Syrian opposition groups.
Just last week, WND broke the story that the U.S. in recent weeks aided in the transfer of shoulder-launched, anti-aircraft missiles, or man-portable air-defense systems, to the Syrian rebels, according to informed Middle Eastern security officials.
The Middle Eastern security officials speaking to WND said the latest U.S.-facilitated weapons transfers signify the most advanced deliveries yet to the Syrian rebels.
Confirming WND's exclusive reporting for over a year, the New York Times reported in March that since early 2012, the CIA has been helping Arab governments and Turkey obtain and ship weapons to the Syrian rebels.
While the Times report claims most of the weapons shipments facilitated by the CIA began after the latest presidential election, Middle Eastern security officials speaking to WND have said U.S.-aided weapons shipments go back more than a year, escalating before the Sept. 11, 2012, attack on the U.S. facilities in Benghazi.
In fact, the Middle Eastern security officials speaking to WND since last year describe the U.S. mission in Benghazi and nearby CIA annex attacked last September as an intelligence and planning center for U.S. aid to the rebels in the Middle East, particularly those fighting the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad.
The aid, the sources stated, included weapons shipments and was being coordinated with Turkey, Saudi Arabia and Qatar.
Earlier this month, Reuters further reported Obama allegedly signed a secret order in 2012 authorizing U.S. agencies such as the CIA to provide support to rebel forces in Syria.
The support includes helping to run a secret military communications command center in Turkey to aid rebel groups. The Reuters article also said U.S. citizens are training rebels and possibly giving them equipment, at least since the summer.
The New York Times and Reuters both report the U.S. is working to vet the rebels for inclusion of al-Qaida, but it is not immediately known how successful the vetting has been and whether the rebels directly armed by the U.S. will share their weapons with jihadists within their ranks.
FBI Director James Comey will not be attending this year's upcoming South By Southwest (SXSW) conference "due to scheduling conflicts keeping them in Washington D.C.," according to a SXSW news release.
FBI General Counsel James Baker instead will take Comey's interview spot next Monday in Austin, Texas.
“While Director Comey is now unable to attend, we're still really excited that this important conversation will take place,” said Newseum CEO Jeffrey Herbst, who will join Baker in the SXSW discussion.
ADVERTISEMENT
Comey was said to be “incredulous” after President Trump claimed former President Barack Obama Barack Hussein ObamaWith low birth rate, America needs future migrants 4 ways Hillary looms over the 2020 race Obama goes viral after sporting black bomber jacket with '44' on sleeve at basketball game MORE wiretapped them during the presidential race.
Comey was reportedly concerned Trump's allegations could cast the FBI in a poor light, according to a CNN source on Monday.
“[Comey feels] institutionally they have to push back on this,” CNN's source said, citing the magnitude of Trump's accusations and Comey's certainty they are untrue.
It was also reported last weekend that the FBI had requested the Department of Justice (DOJ) to publicly dismiss Trump's allegations, which has not happened.
“[Comey] might come out and say only time will tell, but right now [the FBI and DOJ] should be in the exact same place and they're not,” the source told CNN Monday.
Ontario high school teachers union accepts concessions
By Carl Bronski
24 November 2012
The Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation (OSSTF) has reached agreement with seven provincial school boards on a series of contract concessions demanded by the Ontario government of Liberal premier Dalton McGuinty.
Two of the deals—for the Guelph area and York Region north of Toronto—have already been approved by Minister of Education Lauren Broten, whilst the other five—and potentially more in the coming weeks—will also be approved if, as expected, they follow the concessions template set out by the government this past summer.
The major concessions include a two-year wage freeze, a cut in annual sick time from 20 to 10 days, the abolition of the right to bank sick days and receive a payout upon retirement and a delay in the application of seniority-grid pay increases for new teachers.
The contract terms almost entirely mirror the takeaway agreements negotiated by the English Catholic Elementary Teachers union and the Francophone teachers' union struck with the Ontario government earlier this summer. In order for the union to maintain even a fig leaf of credibility with its membership, the two new deals did not include the imposition of three unpaid workdays stipulated in the summer contracts.
McGuinty has insisted that the terms agreed to in those deals had to “substantially” from the basis for any contracts negotiated by provincial high school and public elementary school teachers' unions. In September, their government passed the misnamed Putting Students First Act (Bill 115) that instructed school boards to negotiate based on those contracts. The Act outlawed the right to strike for teachers not yet under contract and set a December 31 deadline for their local unions to come to negotiated settlements or have the deals signed last summer imposed upon them.
The attack on teachers' wages and conditions is part and parcel of an assault by big business governments on the living standards of the working class. The Ontario government's April austerity budget, passed with the support of the New Democratic Party, starves the public health care system of funds, means tests senior citizens for pharmaceutical prescription coverage, closes schools and slashes hundreds of millions from social welfare programs. But the bulk of the budget's proposed savings hang on the imposition of a two-year wage freeze on 1.2 million provincial public sector workers, including civil servants, teachers, nurses, hospital workers and municipal employees.
Refusing to defy the undemocratic Bill 115 with any meaningful strike action, both the OSSTF and the Elementary Teachers Federation of Ontario (ETFO) have attempted to placate angry memberships with an appeal to the courts and with ineffectual instructions to teachers to boycott meetings with principals, reduce the verbiage on written report cards and, in some cases, reduce after-school activities.
As the abolition of the teachers' right to strike and the unilateral imposition of contracts threatened to weaken the government's case in the upcoming judicial review of Bill 115, McGuinty was at pains to show that the collective bargaining process was “allowed to work”.
The OSSTF, which has already filed its case with the courts (along with other teachers' unions), is now—with the signing of these new deals—abetting the government in this pursuit. It is expected that with the OSSTF now brought to heel, the elementary school teachers will be next in line for intensified concessions contract negotiations.
Both the OSSTF and the ETFO have been enthusiastic supporters of the big business Ontario Liberal Party for many years. The union officialdom have stumped for McGuinty in three elections and hailed them as “the education premier”. The OSSTF climb-down comes as a boon for the Liberals at a point where McGuinty's government is racked by crisis.
McGuinty announced last month that they would resign as premier in January and then promptly prorogued (disbanded) the provincial legislature at a time when their government was under heavy scrutiny for its failure to deal with the teachers' dispute, as well as its handling of a series of political scandals.
ETFO leader Sam Hammond, who poses as somewhat of a “firebrand”, has characterized McGuinty's threats as “the most concentrated attack on collective agreements and public sector workers” in their members' lifetimes. Despite this, Hammond has not ruled out continuing to support the Liberals.
Opposed to any struggle against the Liberals' austerity program, the teachers' unions will now make an even bigger to-do about their move to oppose McGuinty's pay freeze through the courts. Citing a 2007 Supreme Court ruling that overturned the British Columbia Liberal government's attempt to void an existing collective agreement and impose a new austerity contract on health workers, the unions have postulated that the Liberals' wage freeze scheme will be struck down by the courts as a violation of workers' constitutional right of free association in collective bargaining.
In reality, the courts have played a major role in the offensive against workers, upholding one reactionary law after another. Only last year, Canada's highest court ruled that the workers' “right to freedom of association” did not necessarily imply any collective bargaining rights; it merely entailed that workers had the “right” to have an organization that from time to time brought their grievances to the attention of their employers.
In the 2007 case, the court reprimanded the government for needlessly bypassing the union apparatus when it imposed concessions by fiat without first entering into negotiations to see if its cost-cutting objectives could be achieved voluntarily. In other words, it was cautioning governments not to undercut the legitimacy of the trade unions, which have played and continue to play a fundamental role in maintaining the existing social order.
At the same time, in its 2007 judgment the Supreme Court reaffirmed the prerogative of federal and provincial governments to engage in “hard-bargaining,” impose collective agreements through legislation in “exceptional circumstances” and strip workers of the right to strike. The acceptance of the government's templated agreement structure by the OSSTF will only provide the courts with more ammunition to further contain the democratic rights of working people.
 They are 23, has no job and still lives at home. I feel they might do better being away from me, but can see no way to arrange this
My son is 23, lives with me and does nothing. They like reading and spends most days on their computer, watching films and writing stories. They have registered on and off at the jobcentre. Over the past few years, they have had some placements and some training (which they attend willingly), but it ends in nothing because they do not know how to look for a job. They go through periods of not really going out. We argue about all kinds of silly things and, although I have always disagreed with suggestions of "throwing them out on the street", I know it would be very good for them (and me) if they could be away from me for a long while, but can see no way to arrange this. They also refuse to consider therapy. I worry that they will become unemployable, that a very decent boy is wasting their life. They do not drink and does not take drugs; they are more like an overgrown child. They finished school and college with a good number of GCSEs, although they never studied very hard.
I also have a daughter who has become quite hostile to them and the situation. Their father died suddenly when they were young and it was a shock for the three of us. I wonder now if we are each in our own way still suffering from the trauma. I had to work and life was very difficult. I retire next year and will have a sufficient pension. I would not mind my son living with me if they were studying or working. But I can see that, as long they are at home, nothing will change.
Anon, via email
I'm sorry your husband died and you had to bring up your children on your own. Was everything (relatively) fine until recently? Or has this situation been building for a while? I think you have hit on something. I think you are all stuck somewhere in the past.
I would like to have had a few more details. I felt you were focusing very much on your son, yet there seems to be much more going on. I would like to have known just how long ago your husband died and how it was handled at the time, whether your daughter also lives at home and why they are so angry. Has your son always been like this and all that's really changed is that they have become an adult, or has their behaviour changed?
I took your problem to Stuart Hannah, a child and adolescent psychotherapist (childpsychotherapy.org.uk). They think that your son sounds creative and intelligent and has a resilience to them that could be worked on. They wonder what the stories your son is writing are about and how long your son isolates themselves for. We need to rule out depression, self-esteem issues and autism, and if any of these ring alarm bells, you need to visit your GP.
"Does your son have any friends, any peers? Relationships?" Hannah, too, wonders about your husband's death and how it was mourned. "What was your husband like? Was they highly functioning, very sociable? What would the expectations be of your son, if your husband were still alive? What about you? Have you had any other relationships since?"
I did wonder if your husband was perhaps the driving engine of the family and, without him, you have all got a bit lost. And I questioned if maybe your son feels responsible for you, as if they can't move on – perhaps because they feel you can't or haven't. This is not uncommon in situations where there is only one parent.
I'm not a fan of the "just chuck them out" argument either: it is facile and counterintuitive, but there is a world between what is going on now and that. Hannah recommends that you could start by having a discussion about the practicalities: does your son pay rent, do they do stuff in the house, cook, clean?
You mention you are going to retire. We both wonder what your plans are. A more realistic step might be to say that you would really like them to have found a job by the time you retire (or moved out, or whatever it is you actually want). In other words, give them some notice.
Your lives sound very insular and I wonder if that is healthy for any of you. What about other family? Does your son have any other men in the family they can look up to and talk to?
Hannah stresses that any wish to change or acknowledge the situation really needs to come from them – they are old enough. I wish I could convince you all to go to therapy, as it would be good for all of you. But you can't make anyone else go. Consider it for yourself though, or at the very least, contact the bereavement charity Cruse (cruse.org.uk), even if it is just for a chat. I wonder if you have ever had a chance to mourn.
Your problems solved
Contact Annalisa Barbieri, The Guardian, Kings Place, 90 York Way, London N1 9GU or email annalisa.barbieri@mac.com. Annalisa regrets they cannot enter into personal correspondence.
Follow Annalisa on Twitter @AnnalisaB
KISUMU, Kenya (Reuters Life!) - The U.S. election has triggered a new generation of mini Barack Obamas with parents in Kenya and the United States naming their newborns after the new president-elect.
Josephine Ochieng holds their newborn baby boy named after U.S. President-elect Barack Obama at the Nyanza Provincial general hospital in Kenya's western town of Kisumu, 355km (221 miles) west of the capital Nairobi, November 5, 2008. REUTERS/Thomas Mukoya
At the Nyanza Provincial General Hospital in Kisumu, western Kenya, Barack's ancestral homeland, several mothers were naming their babies after the U.S.'s first African-American president.
The mothers told Reuters Television that they wanted their babies to grow up to have the same successful traits as Obama.
“I would like that by the time they are in their 40s they become the president of this country,” said Nancy Otieno proudly of their newborn son Barack Obama.
Another new mother, Millicent Akoth, named their new daughter Michelle Obama after the soon-to-be first lady.
Obama has been elevated to rock star status in the east African nation which has named a beer, “Senator,” after them and where “Obama: The Musical” opened last weekend.
Obama, who was born in Hawaii to a white mother from Kansas and a Kenyan father, is idolized by many Africans in the way the Irish revered U.S. President John F. Kennedy in the 1960s — as one of their own who succeeded beyond their wildest dreams.
But it is not just Kenyans naming their babies after him.
South Florida couple Patrick and Sasha Hall were reported on Wednesday to be among the first since the election to bestow the name Obama on their child, Obama Hall, according to the Miami Herald.
The name Barack means blessed, according to Web site babynames.com, while Obama was the given name of their great-grandfather that became their grandfather's surname.
Zippo Vice President of Operations Tim Van Horn said, "The ISO certification indicates that Zippo has a strong and consistent management system that produces a quality, high-end product. The entire Zippo team has put substantial effort into making sure that Zippo continues to exceed the ISO guidelines and manufacture our products to meet the highest possible standards."
ISO International Standards ensure that products and services are consistent, reliable and of good quality, while also helping businesses find ways to reduce cost by minimizing waste and errors, key tools for increasing productivity. ISO International Standards also help companies access new markets and facilitate free and fair global trade.
NSF International's lead auditor on Zippo's certification, Garry Puglio, said, "It has been a pleasure to work with the Zippo team to achieve their ISO 9001:2008 registration. From the commitment of Zippo's upper management to the cooperation of the entire workforce, the company's commitment to high standards of integrity and quality is readily apparent."
About Zippo
One of the most recognized brands in the world, Zippo was founded in the fall of 1932 by George G. Blaisdell in Bradford, Pennsylvania, where it has manufactured over 550 million windproof lighters. With the exception of improvements to the flint wheel and modifications in case finishes, the product remains unchanged and is backed by the company's famous lifetime guarantee – "It works, or we fix it free.™" Zippo's diverse product line includes lighters and accessories; butane candle lighters; fragrance, and a robust line of heat and flame products for outdoor enthusiasts. Zippo markets in nearly 200 countries and also owns the Ronson brand of lighters and fuel and W.R. Case and Sons Cutlery Company, both based in Bradford, Pennsylvania. For more information, visit Zippo.com.
Photo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160429/361872
Logo - http://photos.prnewswire.com/prnh/20160429/361872
SOURCE Zippo Manufacturing Company
Related Links
http://www.Zippo.com
Around 100 water charge demonstrators have staged a sit down protest outside Leinster House in Dublin city centre.
A number of TDs and senators were blocked or delayed from entering or leaving Leinster House due to the protest.
There was a large garda presence at the scene for a time, but Kildare Street has since reopened to traffic.
Labour senators Mary Moran and Denis Landy had to abandon their cars on Kildare Street as the sit down protest continued.
Mr Landy later described the protest as an affront to democracy and the right of parliament to function.
A number of politicians from various political parties and groups were advised not to leave Leinster House this afternoon by car due to the protest.
Gardaí also had to intervene to allow Fine Gael TD Alan Shatter to drive past the protesters.
Members of the Garda Public Order Unit arrived after protesters blocked cars.
After some scuffles, the car was able to drive in to the front car park of Leinster House.
One man in their 30s was arrested this afternoon and charged with a public order offence.
Another man was arrested later.
One officer was treated for injuries believed to be a female garda hit by a flying bottle.
Protesters claim that gardaí used batons on some of them after stopping two cars belonging to politicians from leaving Leinster House.
More than 400 water charge protesters gathered outside Leinster House earlier today.
They were part of the Non-Payment Network protesting about new provisions of the Environmental Bill being debated in the Dáil.
Oireachtas members surrounded by gardai on Kildare street as sit in by protestors continues #rtenews pic.twitter.com/BBawrjNNeR — Martina Fitzgerald (@MartinaFitzg) July 1, 2015
The new provisions include landlords being required to say who their tenants are and that payment of water charges be part of tenancy agreements.
The bill also provides that unpaid water charges can be attached to the sale of a house.
Meanwhile, the Dáil Committee on Procedure and Privileges has requested that the Garda Commissioner go to Leinster House tomorrow in order to discuss concerns about guaranteeing access to the House.
TDs and senators blocked or delayed from entering or leaving Leinster House due to a protest https://t.co/Ydi4hU3L8z — RTÉ News (@rtenews) July 1, 2015
Speaking during the Dáil debate, Mr Shatter claimed that there was an anti-democratic mob protesting outside Leinster House and that the garda response was inadequate.
They said that what was happening today should not be allowed to be repeated.
Socialist Party TD Ruth Coppinger asked that Mr Shatter withdraw their description of the people protesting as "facists".
Ms Coppinger was told to take their seat, as the description did not relate to anyone in the House.
Catherine Murphy's earlier call to have the entire bill re-committed to committee stage was refused.
Maryam Abdullahi Gedi, who was among more than 300 people killed in attack, had been due to graduate this week
On Saturday morning, Maryam Abdullahi Gedi made breakfast for their family, packed their books and laptop and set out across Mogadishu, the battered capital of Somalia, to see their supervisor at Banadir University about their thesis. They were excited about the prospect of their graduation as a medical doctor this week.
Them father – who flew in from the UK to attend the ceremony – found themselves at their funeral instead. Gedi, 24, was among more than 300 people killed in a massive bombing in the centre of the city on Saturday afternoon.
The death toll from the attack is expected to rise. Rescue workers say the true total of those killed by a truck bomb containing hundreds of kilograms of military grade and homemade explosives will probably never be known. The intense heat generated by the blast, which also ignited a petrol tanker, means that almost no trace of some victims remains. Others were rapidly buried by their relatives, in line with Islamic custom.
“One hundred and sixty of the bodies could not be recognised and so they were buried by the government [on Sunday],” Aden Nur, a doctor at the city's Madina hospital, said. “The others were buried by their relatives. Over a hundred injured were also brought here.”
Casualties included senior civil servants, five paramedic volunteers and a journalist, but most were ordinary people on one of the busiest thoroughfares of Mogadishu, a city hit by multiple bombings in recent years.
The bomb, which is thought to have targeted Somalia's foreign ministry, razed buildings across an area the size of three football pitches, witnesses said. At least two people have now been arrested and Somali officials say they are confident they will “trace out the network”.
There has been no claim of responsibility but al-Shabaab, the Somalia-based violent Islamist group is thought to have been behind the attack.
Play Video 1:36 'It was a massacre': witness describes Mogadishu blast – video
A driver of a second smaller vehicle filled with explosives who was detained on Saturday has told interrogators they are a member of al-Shabaab, which means “The Youth”.
“He has told us everything.  They are proud of their involvement. They say they did it for jihad,” one security official said.
Funerals continued throughout the day as relatives came to terms with appalling loss.
“I lost the dearest one in my life. They killed my whole hope. I do not know why they killed my daughter … I ask al-Shabaab, ‘Why are you doing this bad on us?' God help us,” Hinda Yusuf, the mother of Gedi, said.
“My daughter was an extraordinary girl. They were a respectful student. They never confronted anyone in the family. All our neighbours loved them We called them the ‘lovely one' due to their good character. I raised them in hardship. After leaving secondary school, they joined the university and it was their ambition to become a doctor.”
After their meeting with their supervisor, Gedi stopped briefly at a maternity hospital, where they had been working as medical student, then called their mother to tell them they were going shopping for clothes with friends for the forthcoming graduation ceremony.
“At around afternoon prayer, I heard the big explosion but being in Mogadishu, where the sound of guns and bombings is part of the life, I was not worried,” Hinda said.
Gedi and their friends were at a clothes shop near the Safari hotel when the blast occurred.
“Around 4pm, I received a call from a relative who told me that my daughter was missing. I dialled their phone number but it was ringing out. I kept trying them then someone, we do not know who, responded and said that the girl died and their body was lying near the entrance of the hotel where the explosion occurred.”
Gedi was buried on Sunday morning at the Barakaat graveyard on the north side of Mogadishu.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Men and Somali soldiers rescue victims on the site of the explosion of the truck bomb in the centre of Mogadishu. Photograph: Mohamed Abdiwahab/AFP/Getty Images
Another casualty was Mohamud Hassan Elmi, a senior civil servant in charge of humanitarian aid in Somalia. A dual US-Somali citizen, Elmi, 35, was among the many young Somalis who have returned to the country in recent years. Elmi moved to Mogadishu eight years ago after graduating from Ohio State University.
“My brother was humanitarian person. Even in Ohio, they always said they wanted to help the people in Somalia because they saw photos of the hungry people in the country,” Sade Hassan Elmi, a younger brother, said.
Elmi, a father of six, rejected the pleas of their wife and relatives to return to Ohio after a cousin was shot dead in Mogadishu two years ago.
“He said, ‘I would not run away while my work is needed by the people,'” their brother remembered.
The president, Mohamed Abdullahi Mohamed, declared three days of national mourning and joined thousands of people who responded to a plea by hospitals to donate blood for the wounded.
Mohamed, who took power in February, had vowed to rid the country of al-Shabaab. They have faced huge challenges, with the insurgency proving resilient to the ramped-up offensive aided by the US, and a famine.
With reporting by Abdalle Ahmed Mumin in Nairobi
Boulevard Hibiscus Gose will debut in cans in April.
This floral gose started as a Boulevard holiday beer years ago, bottled briefly in the brewery's Backroads Series in 2014. Boulevard Hibiscus Gose is created by adding sea salt during the boiling process, along with coriander. During the whirlpool process, Boulevard infuses the wort with dried hibiscus flowers.
A slightly salty aroma with a touch of coriander and citrus/cherry notes wafts from the beer. The leading flavor is a lemony tartness obtained from the brewhouse souring process with subtle salt and coriander notes. Hibiscus Gose finishes crisp and dry with a slightly lingering sourness that's tempered by the sea salt, coriander, and hibiscus flowers.
Boulevard Hibiscus Gose debuts in the brewery's home city of Kansas City, Missouri on April 2nd. Expect 12-ounce cans and draft in the brewery's other regions shortly after launch.
Style: Gose (Hibiscus, Coriander, Sea Salt)
Availability: 12oz Cans, Draft.
Debut (Cans): 4/2/18
4.2% ABV
Image: Boulevard Brewing
Houzz Australia Contributor based in Sydney. Design historian, writer and researcher. I study cultural history through the lens of architecture, design and visual culture. I have a Masters in the History of Decorative Arts and Design from Parsons The New School for Design, New York
When Alice followed the White Rabbit down the rabbit hole in Lewis Carroll's Alice's Adventures in Wonderland, they embarked on a wondrous journey of discovery and adventure. Indeed, the process of designing and building this house in Sydney was much the same — as is the result.
Designed by Madeleine Blanchfield Architects and shortlisted for the 2017 Australian Interior Design Awards, this family home has imaginative spaces, fantastical transitions, and a wonderland of art and furniture. “The idea was to create a home that became a part of their life journey; one that was whimsical, calm, inspiring, slightly quirky and deeply personal,” Madeleine Blanchfield says. So let's go down the rabbit hole.
Please Share!
Dominate The Pitch Plane Like Joey Votto (Baseball Swing Slow Motion Analysis)
This is Part-2 of a 3-part baseball swing slow motion analysis video series coming straight out of the Pitch-Plane Dominator online video mini-course…
Sick of struggling to reduce your hitters ground balls, swing and miss strikeouts, and non-productive weak fly balls? This simple 4-Step online video mini-course (7-modules total) will help hitters weighing less than 100-pounds, barrel the ball more consistently. Dramatically decrease ground balls, strikeouts, and weak fly balls (no matter the pitch location or speed) by applying human movement rules validated by science.
If you haven't already, then CLICK the Link below to…
“If you want to be successful, find someone who has achieved the results you want and copy what they do and you'll achieve the same results.” – Tony Robbins
I received the following reader question:
“If you could only teach one swing, whose would you teach?”
And what follows in this baseball swing slow motion analysis of Joey Votto video, is my answer, as it relates to getting the barrel on, and staying on the plane of the pitch for as long as possible.
We'll discuss Joey Votto's:
Pitch-Plane consistency metrics,
2015 ESPN's HitTracker spray chart, and
Mechanics as they apply to Pitch Plane Domination.
Let's build Joey Votto's case as the best to copy for Pitch-Plane Domination…
Joey Votto Pitch-Plane Consistency Metrics
According to Baseball-Reference.com, Joey Votto's 162-game averages (over 9 years in the League) are as follows:
Here are the Joey Votto Metrics to pay particular attention to (definitions are according to FanGraphs.com):
On-Base% (OBP) – measures the most important thing a batter can do at the plate: not make an out… Joey Votto: .423 , League Average is: .320
– measures the most important thing a batter can do at the plate: not make an out… , League Average is: .320 Isolated Slugging% (ISO) – measure of a hitter's raw power and tells you how often a player hits for extra bases… Joey Votto: .223 , League Average is: .140
– measure of a hitter's raw power and tells you how often a player hits for extra bases… , League Average is: .140 OBP + SLG (OPS) – the sum of a player's on-base percentage and their slugging percentage… Joey Votto: .957 , League Average is: .710
– the sum of a player's on-base percentage and their slugging percentage… , League Average is: .710 OPS+ – This statistic normalizes a player's OPS — it adjusts for small variables that might affect OPS scores (e.g. park effects) and puts the statistic on an easy-to-understand scale… Joey Votto: 156 , League Average: 100
As you can see, Joey Votto is well above average in “not making an out”, and “raw power”. What's also interesting is Joey Votto's strikeout and walk percentages (averaged over their career):
Strikeout% – Joey Votto: 18.6% , League Average: 18.5%, and
– , League Average: 18.5%, and Walk% – Joey Votto: 15.9% , League Average: 8.5%.
Grab 'Finger Pressure' Video Frustrated with fixing BAT DRAG? Beat it! Swing Study reveals how majority of hitters are correcting 'racing back elbow' bat drag within 1-2 weeks WITHOUT overhauling swing mechanics OR buying fancy and expensive hitting aids. Click button below to access FREE video that has been downloaded over 20K times! Click here to 'Get Instant Access'
Joey Votto 2015 ESPN's HitTracker Spray Chart
Check out the HitTrackerOnline.com spray chart of Joey Votto's 29 homers in 2015 (keep in mind he's a left handed hitter):
CLICK HERE for a FanGraph.com article titled, “Joey Votto on Hitting”. It goes into how:
Cerebral a hitter they are about their mechanics,
They purposely tool their swing to limit defensive shifts, and
He's given up some power (dingers in particular) to cover the Pitch-Plane more effectively.
The asupervisorstioned link is a GREAT read. From the above spray chart and metrics, I'd say they “NAILED IT!!”
Joey Votto Mechanics as They Relate to Pitch-Plane Domination
In the above 17:23-minute baseball swing slow motion analysis video of Joey Votto's swing, we go into more detail about the following FIVE human movements rules for Pitch-Plane Domination:
Front Knee bend before swing initiation, and during the Final Turn, Back Knee bend during the Final Turn, Back foot skip during the Final Turn, Barrel matching the plane of the pitch early, and Barrel ‘chasing the ball' passed impact getting to ‘Power-V' after impact.
As Tony Robbins said,
“If you want to be successful, find someone who has achieved the results you want and copy what they do and you'll achieve the same results.”
Joey Votto is your hitter to dominate the Pitch-Plane when looking at baseball swing slow motion analysis.
An S&M take on Ursula from The Little Mermaid at this year's Flame Con. Photo via Flickr user istolethetv
Walking through the exhibit hall at Flame Con in New York City this past weekend, there was no mistaking this for any other comic convention. Billed as the "world's largest queer comic convention," the third year of this wide-ranging gathering featured transgressive panels and a floor full of convention goers in fabulous takes on iconic comic book, anime, and animated characters.
Stalls sold homoerotic renditions of internet boyfriend Oscar Isaac and indie books about queer lady knights. Cosplay-wise, there was a beefy, S&M take on Ursula from The Little Mermaid, several versions of the protagonist of the ultra-popular anime series Yuri!!! on Ice, a number of recreations of characters from Adventure Time, and even a sexy riff on Gen-2 Pokémon favorite, Espeon.
At first glance, the cosplay on offer at Flame Con didn't diverge wildly from the elaborate getups you see at San Diego Comic Con, Emerald City Comic Con, or any other major US conventions. But, with its penchant for gender-bending and its affinity for welcoming any and all kinds of cosplay, Flame Con stands out for celebrating what is all too often reduced to a mere footnote at other conventions.
In addition to hosting a workshop titled "Cosplay is for EveryBODY: A Round Table about Confidence in Cosplay," Flame Con hosted two panels ("Race, Gender, and Other Challenges in Cosplay" and "Cosplay and Consent") that probed the broader implications of cosplaying as a minority.
Speaking to me the day after they talked at length during the "Race, Gender" panel, cosplayer Jay Justice dived deeper into the way building their costumes and wearing them at cons has helped them navigate their budding bisexuality. They remembered, for example, how unconcerned they initially are about the gender of the characters they portrayed, as eager to take on Colossus ("a beefy Russian white dude") as they were to relish dressing up as Wonder Woman (a character they say she's repeatedly been told by angry, retrograde fanboys she's disgracing, given their dark skin).
"It wasn't until later on," they said, "when I was like, 'Am I choosing male characters and setting up photo shoots with female cosplayers to explore my sexuality or just because I like this male character and have a good time?'" Not that they need be mutually exclusive. But stepping into those same-sex scenarios allowed them to explore aspects of their own identity that she'd perhaps not quite allowed themselves to imagine.
That kind of self-fashioning is a common story in the queer cosplay community. Shaping one's body into a character unlike yourself can be a safe way to examine aspects of your own identity, and that anecdotal truism among the cosplay community has begun attracting some academic attention, too. Just this past year, Tiffany M. Hutabarat-Nelson earned their doctoral degree at the University of Louisville's Department of Humanities by submitting a dissertation titled "Fantastical body narratives: cosplay, performance, and gender diversity."
The cosplay community is "generally comfortable with accepting and even celebrating crossplay [cross-gender cosplay] and gender bending cosplay," said Hutabarat-Nelson. "Participants have the freedom to be whomever and whatever they wish with the expectation that they'll be treated like any other person at the convention, regardless of whether one wears and performs a character that aligns with the traditional norms of their gender, sex and sexuality or not."
That's something Justice has witnessed firsthand. "Cosplay is a way to try that [kind of gender play] out," they said. "I have a friend—actually, a couple friends—who's trans, who have said that they were able to explore using makeup and tapping into the feminine form by cosplaying their preferred gender in a way that could be more acceptable." That safe space that Hutabarat-Nelson describes allows for the kind of experimentation that can make all the difference for those seeking to change or disrupt the gender they'd been enacting in their day-to-day lives.
Flame Con panelists like filmmaker Theo Tiedemann (sporting a dashing Tony Stark look), comedian Hannah Simpson (as Joy from Inside Out), and writer Jay Edidin (rocking a pair of red Cyclops sunnies) all spoke candidly about the way cosplaying helped them try out different gender presentations. "I was LARPing for 28 straight years as a cishet boy," Simpson joked during the "Race, Gender" panel. "And despite how terrible I was, nobody told me to stop!"
In a story echoed in spirit by both Tiedemann and Edidin in the "Cosplay and Consent" panel the next day, Simpson recounted how they first used instances like Halloween to give Hannah a test drive before transitioning. The "safety" those instances provided them made it easier to don heels and wear skirts, even if they sometimes came with painful reminders of our culture's rigid sense of gender normativity. They said, for example, that it was their choice to wear a Starfleet red dress to medical school one day that led a professor to out them to the class. It's that inability to escape society's larger ingrained notions of gender that makes spaces like Flame Con, which put inclusivity front and center, incredibly essential.
As Justice put it, "Flame Con is by and for marginalized people who haven't always felt safe." And it follows that cosplay's most transgressive and nurturing elements would come center stage at a queer convention. After all, it's the queer community that understands all too well the performative aspect not just of donning a costume but of wearing one's identity in our daily lives.
Follow Manuel Betancourt on Twitter.
When was the last time you watched Beavis and Butt-head? Five, ten, fifteen, twenty years ago, when it was first on the air? Likely not recently. Even more than its MTV brethren at the time like The State and Daria, Beavis and Butt-head's cultural relevance has faded (and it's only available on DVD and streaming in bastardized versions, with the music videos cut). The attempted re-launch of the series in 2011 didn't work out, perhaps because MTV's current tween viewers are more likely to be one of the show's punchlines than laugh at them. There are few places in America where you can still make a "Cornholio" or "Pull my finger" reference without getting a roomful of puzzled stares. But the show's creator, Mike Judge, continues to hold out hope for bringing their idiots back because, as they say, "It's my favorite thing that I've ever done. It's the thing I'm most proud of." Beavis and Butt-head is also the thing that has defined all of Judge's work since, including their new HBO show, Silicon Valley, which premieres Sunday.
Watching it now, Beavis and Butt-head actually holds up surprisingly well, or as well as it ever did. People shake their heads at the mention of it, but then again they did the same thing in 1993. The show wasn't quite like anything else on the air, by design. Mike Judge was an upstart working for an upstart network. They had left computer engineering in Silicon Valley (he described their coworkers as ) to make their own animated shorts. MTV hired them because they wanted to compete against major-network scripted programming on a next-to-nothing budget.
Judge's solution was not to recreate the animated sitcom, but to blow it up. Forget A and B storylines; there is hardly any storyline at all. Beavis and Butt-head move through their suburban universe laughing at everything and fucking shit up, everyone else aghast at their behavior. Recurring characters that would be spun off like Hank Hill and Daria Morgendorffer exist merely to be annoyed. Beavis and Butt-head never learn any lessons or evolve. Instead they return to the sanctuary of their couch at the end of every episode and comment on music videos that MTV already had in rotation. They dismiss anything remotely pop ("Change it!" Beavis freaks) and jam out to anything remotely hard-rock or metal or hair-metal. In a twist of cosmic irony, their relationship to these videos mirrors how we see them now: The videos by Megadeath and Def Leppard and Jackyl, the ones they loved, are the ones people don't talk about anymore. The Madonnas and the Sinead O'Connors live on in our collective memory.
Beavis and Butt-head, had they been real people, would not have gone on to live memorable lives. They would be remembered, if at all, as deadbeats. Beavis and Butt-head don't have any ambition and don't want any. This is the show's political point. "What's with this laughing? Are you gonna laugh for the rest of your lives?" an irate teacher asks them in one of the early episodes. The answer is yes. Mike Judge was audacious enough to believe that such people not only deserve hours upon hours of TV, but our sympathies, too.
Mike Judge would continue to write about outsiders, with surprising success. The family of King of the Hill are the sort of churchgoing Texas hicks you rarely see treated with any nuance on TV. Mike Judge made their story bleak, but also uplifting. Office Space did the same for middle management. Idiocracy, Judge's bleakest work to date, stars Luke Wilson as a U.S. soldier of average intelligence and zero ambition, who is propelled into a future overrun with idiots where anyone halfway articulate is called a "fag." Idiocracy is sci-fi, but it's a satire of the here and now. Rather than feel powerless, however, Judge finds hope. Wilson's soldier is emboldened to become the leader of this new, dumb America and make it at least a little better.
Since they made Beavis and Butt-head, Mike Judge has themselves gone from outsider to insider.  They are now running a show about the very Silicon Valley types they fled, on a premium-cable network targeted at their income bracket. The desire to ruthlessly mock these people must be high. And there is some of that needling in Silicon Valley. A Google stand-in called Hooli is a campus full of zealots, a cult with higher profit margins. A venture capital investor gives more attention to the sesame seeds on their bun than hundreds of employees who might be fired.
But Judge is more interested, as always, in the people on the periphery of this world, and it's their sensitivity to their struggle that makes Silicon Valley unique. The main character, Richard (Thomas Middleditch), a mid-level programmer at Hooli, develops a compression algorithm that's suddenly worth millions. The show has the same basic setup as Entourage — reject friends find themselves at the top of their industry and don't know what they're doing there — but it doesn't buy into the lifestyle porn. The show is acutely aware that success is built on other people's misbegotten dreams, and that "thinking different" is often just another way of imposing the same old order. Everyone in Silicon Valley is hustling to get to the top. Everyone is building an app, even a liquor store employee. As one character observes, only so many turtles ever make it out to sea. There's even a little bit of Beavis's punk spirit around the edges of the series, as in a graffiti artist who's hired to create Richard's company logo and paints an employee getting literally screwed in the ass.
Silicon Valley can be read as a metaphor for Mike Judge's own career. What happens when one average guy becomes successful beyond their dreams? Do they leave their old bum friends behind? Or do they find a way to incorporate them into their new life? If you're anything like Mike Judge, you don't forget the assholes who made you who you are.
Metaphysics is the philosophical knowledge concerned with the fundamental nature of knowing and being. Since God is the creator of all things, it is important that we understand the natural world around us and Their revelation to us in Scripture in a precise and logical manner. The metaphysical distinctions of causality are crucial in understanding Reformed Theology. Keep in mind that when we use the language of “cause” today, we primarily mean “efficient cause“, and have largely dropped the idea of causality in regard to the other types of causes embraced in the past. “The all-too-frequent response of theologians and historians [to causal language] has been simply to dismiss the language as a symptom of excessive Aristotelianism or, in the case of the Reformed orthodox, to claim it as evidence of a metaphysical, predestinarian, and even deterministic interest” (Richard Muller, Post-Reformation Reformed Dogmatics, vol. 2, pg. 231). But such dismissal robs us of valuable tools to help us rightly divide the Word of truth (2 Tim. 2:15).
This is a basic introduction to five distinctions of causality that one will commonly come across in reading Reformed Theology. These five distinctions will greatly assist in one's understanding of theological concepts. We will define these five causes and then give common examples of them. It is important to note that sometimes a fourfold schema of causality is used (efficient, material, formal, final), and at other times a threefold schema of causality is used (formal, efficient, instrumental). It is important to be able to understand these distinctions so that we can better understand what God would have us believe about Him, and what duty They require of us, as written in the Word of God (WLC Q. 5).
Five Distinctions of Causality
Causa: cause; that which brings about motion or mutation. Following Aristotle, the medieval scholastics, the Reformers, and the Protestant scholastics held a basic fourfold schema of causality: (1) the causa efficiens, the efficient cause, or productive, effective cause, which is the agent productive of the motion or mutation in any sequence of causes and effects. (2) the causa materialis, or material cause, which is the substantial basis of the motion or mutation, the materia on which the causa efficiens operates. (3) the causa formalis, or formal cause, which is the essentia [essence; that which makes a thing what it is] or quidditas [“whatness”] of the thing, and which is determinative of what the thing caused is to be. (4) the causa finalis, or final cause, which is the ultimate purpose for which a thing is made or an act is performed. Richard Muller, Dictionary of Latin and Greek Theological Terms, pg. 61.
Additionally, the Reformed scholastics used the concept of the causa instrumentalis, or instrumental cause: “the instrumentality through which an end, or goal, is accomplished” (Muller, 187); “in the realm of second causes, the means used to bring about a desired effect, distinct from the material and formal causes as a tool is distinct from both the material upon which it is used and from the form that determines what the material is or will be” (Muller, 62). “It is characteristic of means that they are passive in the order of causes and are utilized by the efficient cause. The value, positive or negative, of means derives, therefore, from the end achieved, the means in themselves being neutral.” (Muller, 187).
The common Aristotelian example of how these concepts work together is that of a sculpture. The efficient cause is the sculptor himself, the material cause is the marble they are carving out of, the instrumental cause is the chisel they use to carve with, the formal cause is the finished statue, and the final cause is the purpose for which the statue was made.
Examples of this schema of causality
Creation
“In the creation of the world God is the efficient cause; materia prima [i.e. the first material, “the earth was without form, and void” Gen. 1:2], the material cause; the forma substantialis, or substantial form, which determines the kind of substance drawn out of materia prima, is the formal cause; and the glory of God the final cause” (Muller, pg. 61; c.f. WLC Q. 15: Ex Nihilo Creation – Being as Matter and Form by Gregory Moeck).
Election
“Similarly, the Reformed will apply the fourfold causality to the election of believers to salvation, varying occasionally the material and formal causes. Here the efficient cause is the good pleasure of God (beneplacitum); the material cause is Christ; the formal cause is the preaching of the gospel; and the final cause is the praise and glory of God” (Muller, pg. 61). The Arminians err in making foreseen faith the efficient cause of election (c.f. Canons of Dort, Articles 9 & 10).
Supralapsarianism
“In the logic of causality, or ordination of a causal sequence, the final cause takes precedence over the material and formal causes; i.e., the ordination of the end (finis or telos) must precede the selection of means requisite to the achievement of that end. This logic of causality was used by the supralapsarians among the Reformed to argue the correctness of their teaching over the infralapsarian position; i.e., election and reprobation, considered as ends manifesting the final glory of God, stand prior in the order of the decrees (ordo rerum decretarum) to the establishment of creation and fall as means to those ends” (Muller, pg. 61).
Inspiration
The Holy Spirit is the efficient cause of the inspiration of Scripture, the human authors are the instrumental causes who “spake as they were moved by the Holy Ghost” (2 Peter 1:21). The formal cause of inspiration being the Word of God means that mere human beings cannot impart a divine quality to Scripture, therefore Scripture is not a mixture of the human and the divine, it is 100% God's Word in its essence, yet with accidents of human personality and style (see here for more).
“God alone is to be accounted the Author [of Scripture], who inspired the Hearts of those Holy Men, whom they chose to be their Secretaries; who are to be held only the Instrumental Causes thereof. (2 Peter 1:20-21.)” James Ussher, Body of Divinity, p. 5.
William Whitaker provides an example for us how the Reformed Orthodox used the concepts of efficient cause and final cause in their interpretation of 2 Timothy 3:16-17 “All scripture is given by inspiration of God, and is profitable for doctrine, for reproof, for correction, for instruction in righteousness: That the man of God may be perfect, thoroughly furnished unto all good works.“
“The apostle does not argue from the universal to the particular, but from the efficient and the final cause. From the efficient thus: All scripture is divinely inspired; therefore do thou read the scriptures from which thou mayst learn divine wisdom. From the end, thus: Scripture is profitable for many purposes; therefore do thou read the scriptures, that thou mayst derive these many and great advantages from the study of them.” Disputations on Holy Scripture, pg. 634.
Our belief that the Scriptures are the Word of God
“Q. 4. How doth it appears that the Scriptures are the Word of God?
A. The Scriptures manifest themselves to be the Word of God, by their majesty and purity; by the consent of all the parts, and the scope of the whole, which is to give all glory to God; by their light and power to convince and convert sinners, to comfort and build up believers unto salvation: but the Spirit of God bearing witness by and with the Scriptures in the heart of man, is alone able fully to persuade it that they are the very Word of God (Hos. 8:12; 1 Cor. 2:6-7, 13; Ps. 119:18, 129; Ps. 12:6; Ps. 119:140; Acts 10:43; Acts 26:22; Rom. 3:19, 27; Acts 18:28; Heb. 4:12; Jas. 1:18; Ps. 19:7-9; Rom. 15:4; Acts 20:32; John 16:13-14; 1 John 2:20, 27; John 20:31).” (WLC Q. 4).
The Scripture itself is the formal cause of our knowledge about what books and what passages are truly the Word of God, the Holy Spirit is the efficient cause “bearing witness by and with the Word in our hearts” (WLC Q. 4; WCF 1:5), and the universal Church is the instrumental cause through which we come to believe that the Scriptures are the Word of God.
“So if it is asked why or on account of what I believe Scripture to be of divine quality, I will reply that this happens through Scripture itself which proves itself to be such by its marks. If it is asked how or by what it happens that I believe, I will reply, by the Holy Spirit, who produces this faith within me. Finally, if it is asked by what means or organ I believe this, I will reply, through the church, which God uses in giving me Scripture” Francis Turretin, Institutes of Elenctic Theology, II.vi.vi.
Rationalists err in thinking that reason and evidence is the efficient cause of our knowledge that Scripture is the Word of God. Charismatics err in making supernatural experiences the instrumental cause of recognizing the Word of God. The papists err in thinking that the Church is the formal cause of our knowledge that the Scriptures are the Word of God, and this is explicitly denied in our confession, “The authority of the holy Scripture, for which it ought to be believed and obeyed, dependeth not upon the testimony of any man or church, but wholly upon God (who is truth itself), the Author thereof; and therefore it is to be received, because it is the Word of God (1 Thes 2:13; 2 Tim 3:16; 2 Pet 1:19, 21; 1 John 5:9)” (WCF 1:4). See WLC Q. 4 – What causes us to believe the Scriptures? by Gregory Moeck.
Or, in a fourfold schema, “the efficient cause of Scripture is ‘God the Father, in the Son, by the Spirit'…The ‘material cause‘ of Scripture is the divine substance or material that has been ‘revealed for our salvation,' delivered ‘according to our capacity, and registered in the canon.'” (Muller, PRRD, vol. 2, sect. 4.1).
“The formal cause of holy Scripture is twofold, inward and outward: by the former Scripture is proportionate both to divine truth and with each of its parts; by the latter, the exquisite language of holy Scripture, all things that are written in it have a style suitable to the dignity of the speaker, to the nature of the word spoken, and to the condition of those to whom it is spoken.” Lucas Trelcatius, Schol. meth., I.ii (pp. 23–24); cited in Muller, PRRD, vol. 2, sect. 4.1.
“Finally, considered as to its finis or telos, Scripture has a twofold purpose: the glory of God and the salvation of the elect. The church's present well-being and salvation leading to the final blessedness of God's servants is the secondary or subordinate goal, while the glory of God as manifest in the salvation of the elect is the primary and ultimate goal” (Muller, PRRD, vol. 2, sect. 4.1).
Difference Between Church and State
See how George Gillespie uses a fourfold schema of causality (efficient, material, formal, final) in their first four points of difference between Church and State: Ten Agreements and Ten Differences Between Church and State.
Conclusion
Many more examples could be given, but these give us a good idea about how these metaphysical distinctions of causality are rightly used in theology. Lord willing, these distinctions will help us better understand and articulate biblical doctrine.
Advertisements
Bootstrap Style Guide Boilerplate is an easy way to generate living style guides semi-automatically, by linking a stylesheet and creating html files for each element /pattern.
Demo Get it on GitHub
Background
For some time now, I've found myself looking for a way to document the styles in my project without needing to add specially formatted comments to my stylesheets or make big changes to my workflow. After looking for a while I ran into Brett Jankord's Style Guide Boilerplate and fell in love. The premise is easy. Take a php file, plug in your stylesheet, and make html pages showing off your markup. The script takes care of putting it all together into some pretty impressive documentation.
Features:
Did not require me to structure my css in any specific way
in any specific way Did not require me to actually include the html markup in my css
markup in my css It allowed for great flexibility in what I could include. Anything that can go in an html file goes.
in what I could include. Anything that can go in an html file goes. It automatically shows and formats the html source for each element.
for each element. It requires no installation, just upload to the server.
I used it for a couple of projects- but then noticed when using it with a project based on Twitter Bootstrap, that I had a lot of redundant css (css to make the actual documentation page + the css I was documenting), and that the html snippets and patterns that I needed were mostly standard bootstrap components. I set out to do a bootstrapped version of the Boilerplate.
Changes to Bootstrap edition:
Uses Bootstrap elements for page structure
Makes it easier to add text, colors, typography
Comes with bootstrap elements and patterns.
Minimizes the amount of editing needed to be done to the php file.
Here's a screenshot
Using the guide
The guide is open source, free to use and modify. Documentation can be found in its GitHub project page.
Demo Get it on GitHub
NEWS
Defense Industry Gave More Cash to Lawmakers Voting to Arm the Syrian Rebels Fighting ISIS
admin | September 17, 2014
Pictured above: Free Syrian Army rebels
The House of Representatives on Wednesday, Sept. 17, 2014, approved an amendment from Rep. Howard "Buck" McKeon (R-Calif.) to authorize one plank of President Obama's strategy for combating the Islamic State. The amendment would let the Obama administration provide weapons, training, and other forms of assistance to soldiers in Syria who are fighting against militant groups in the region including the Islamic State and the Bashar al-Assad regime.
Representatives voting YES on the McKeon amendment have received, on average, 56 percent more money from the defense industry than representatives voting NO.
on the McKeon amendment have received, on average, than representatives voting NO. House Democrats voting YES on the McKeon amendment have received, on average, 60 percent more money from the defense industry than House Democrats voting NO.
on the McKeon amendment have received, on average, than House Democrats voting NO. Rep. Howard "Buck" McKeon (R-Calif.), Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, has received $350,600 from the defense industry , more than any other member of the House of Representatives.
(R-Calif.), Chairman of the House Armed Services Committee, has received , more than any other member of the House of Representatives. Rep. Howard "Buck" McKeon's (R-Calif.) top three donor organizations are defense companies General Atomics ($31,150), Northrop Grumman ($28,700), and General Dynamics ($25,500).
Several defense companies that are likely to benefit from expanding military activities to fight the Islamic State are top spenders on federal lobbying.
Northrop Grumman , maker of the Global Hawk surveillance drone, has spent $108 million on lobbying the federal government since 2008.
, maker of the Global Hawk surveillance drone, has spent the federal government since 2008. Lockheed Martin , maker of the Hellfire missile, has spent $93 million on lobbying the federal government since 2008.
, maker of the Hellfire missile, has spent the federal government since 2008. Raytheon, maker of the Tomahawk missile, has spent $45 million on lobbying the federal government since 2008.
Contributions methodology: MapLight analysis of campaign contributions from PACs and employees of Defense aerospace contractors, Defense electronics contractors, Defense shipbuilders, Defense-related services, Ground-based & other weapons systems, Defense Research & Development, Defense, and Homeland Security Contractors to members of the House of Representatives, from January 1, 2012 to December 31, 2013. Contributions data source: OpenSecrets.org
Lobbying methodology: MapLight analysis of lobbying disclosure filings from the Clerk of the U.S. House of Representatives. Lobbying totals represent money paid by an organization to each lobbying firm for services on all issues. Organizations report total lobbying expenses as a lump sum, which includes both in-house lobbying expenses and amounts paid to (and reported by) lobbying firms that they employ. MapLight calculates a given organization's in-house lobbying expenses by subtracting the total income reported by the lobbying firms that it employs from the company's total reported expenses. In general, filers may round their spending and expenses to the nearest $10,000, and we treat the designation of "Less than $5,000" as a value of $0. MapLight updates its lobbying database daily to capture amendments. Full reports are due on the 20th day of January, April, July, and October.
Image credit: PD VOA/Wikimedia Commons
Welcome to Taking the Temperature, in which Eater checks the vital signs of various food scenes to find out what's exciting and what's DOA. Today: craft beer in Chicago.
A party at Finch's [Photo: Finch's / Facebook]
Today on Taking The Temperature, Eater Chicago editor Ari Bendersky gives an overview of the best craft beer companies in their city and the restaurants that carry their brews. As Bendersky explains, the boom owes a lot to Goose Island Brewing, the company that popped up over two decades ago and was eventually acquired by Anheuser-Busch.
In the years since, there's been a steady stream of smaller breweries popping up in and around town, including Revolution, Three Floyds, and Half Acre. In recent months, places like Pipeworks and Greenbush have extended the trend. And now, it's almost obligatory for new restaurants around town to offer an extensive menu of craft brews.
Sure, you can confidently say that craft beer continues to boom all around the U.S., but the pace in Chicago is pretty remarkable. It's also particularly interesting to note the spirit of collaboration that exists in the city, with restaurants working together on events and exclusive beers with both local and international breweries. Grant Achatz's Aviary, for instance, recently hosted the folks from Mikkeller in Copenhagen, while local chefs Stephanie Izardand Danny Grant have both worked on dinners with local breweries. Lagunitas recently came out with a special brew for Paul Kahan's restaurants, and City Provisions Deli continues to carry exclusive beers from several small companies.
Tell me about craft brewing in Chicago.
First, I should point out that the Brew News tag on Chicago is the place where we post every beer-related piece of news for the city. I'm not even sure I've been to 100% of all the places that have opened up or are on their way. It's that many.
But for a more succinct overview...
Chicago has always been a brewing city. Before Prohibition, there were a number of smaller — I wouldn't call them "craft" — breweries. Then Prohibition hit. Then, Goose Island started brewing about twenty or so years ago. They now have two brewpubs in the city. That powerhouse was then bought by Anheuser-Busch. I mention Goose Island because a lot of people that worked there have gone on to open up their own places in the city. There's Jim Cibak, for instance, who has Revolution Brewing.
So, in the last five to ten years, we've seen an emergence of smaller craft brewers. There's such a huge demand for it, because people want what you can get in Portland, San Francisco, and Brooklyn.
What are the standouts, in your view?
Half Acre beer company is really stellar, and they're growing really fast. There's Metropolitan Brewing, and then Three Floyds out in Munster. Three Floyds is really amazing. They have a number of different styles, including Dark Lord, which is a Russian imperial stout that only comes once a year and people go crazy for.
I can't forget to mention Piece Brewery & Pizzeria: they've been around about ten years and have won nearly every award imaginable.
We also have Two Brothers, which is about forty miles outside of the city, and Finch's.
There's a lot of collaboration between the restaurants and the breweries.
I was going to ask: if you take St. Louis, for instance, there are lots of craft breweries that host parties, give tours, and even have food trucks parked outside. Is that the case in Chicago?
Most of the time, it's distribution. Some of the places do offer tours, but the facilities aren't that large. Goose Island definitely does tours and Half Acre has a tap room where you can drink and buy merch and retail items.
And the restaurants with the best craft beer selections?
Publican for sure. Hot Chocolate offers some rare choices, The Bristol has great local beer, there's the Girl and the Goat. I would say that most of the places that have opened in the last two or three years really emphasize local beer.
There's brewpub Atlas Brewing, Big Shoulders, and Pipeworks. There's one out of Michigan called Greenbush, which opened very recently.
Soon to open are New Chicago Beer Company, as well as Argyle and Broad Shoulders.
Finally, do you think there's anything about these places that makes them distinctly Chicago?
I don't know if there's a style that is particularly Chicago, but one thing I do see lots of people who have come out of Goose Island going on to do their own thing, and a lot of collaboration, which makes them really special. It's a nice community.
· All Chicago Coverage [-E-]
· All Taking The Temperature Posts on Eater [-E-]
Note: Restaurants on this map are listed geographically.
On February 18, a colleague discovered the bodies of two American former Navy SEALs working as security contractors aboard the container ship Maersk Alabama. ( U.S. Navy/Laura A. Moore
VICTORIA, Seychelles, April 29 (UPI) -- Police in the Seychelles provided an update Tuesday regarding the cause of death of two American former Navy SEALS who were found dead on February 18 aboard the container ship Maersk Alabama, the ship made famous in the Hollywood film Captain Phillips.
Toxicology reports indicate that Jeffrey Reynolds and Mark Kennedy, both 44, had alcohol in their systems and that heroin consumption caused their deaths. Trace amounts of heroin were found near their bodies.
The men were employed by Trident Group, a Virginia-based maritime security and training firm. They had boarded the Maersk Alabama as security contractors on January 29. The ship arrived in the Seychelles on February 16. A colleague discovered the bodies on February 18.
Get ready for the biggest Frank + Oak Warehouse Sale ever!
Coupon valid only on Tuesday, February 21st
For 6-days only, shop up to 80% off on our largest selection of inventory from men + women. Save on apparel, outerwear, footwear, and accessories.
[column size=one_half position=first]
Where:
6666 rue Saint-Urbain
Montreal, QC
H2S 3H1
When:
Tuesday, February 21, 2017 to – Sunday, February 26, 2017
Tuesday: 12:00 pm to 9:00 pm
Wednesday – Friday: 11:00 am to 9:00 pm
Saturday: 10:00 am to 6:00 pm
Sunday: 10:00 am to 5:00 pm
[/column]
[column size=one_half position=last]
Details:
Visa, MasterCard, Debit – Sorry NO CASH, CASH will not be accepted at this event.
Changerooms available
Free parking available
All items are FINAL SALE
[/column]
————————————————————————————————————————–
Préparez-vous pour la grande vente d'entrepôt Frank + Oak à Montréal!
Une grande sélection de vêtements d'intérieur et d'extérieur, de chaussures et d'accessoires pour hommes ET femmes. Jusqu'à 80% de réduction, pour 6 jours seulement!
[column size=one_half position=first]
Endroit:
6666 rue Saint-Urbain
Montreal, QC
H2S 3H1
[/column]
[column size=one_half position=last]
Quand:
Du Mardi 21 février au Dimanche 26 février 2017.
21 février: 12h à 21h.
22 février: 11h à 21h.
23 février: 11h à 21h.
24 février: 11h à 21h.
25 février: 10h à 18h.
26 février: 10h à 17h
[/column]
Despite failing to stop the alleged eight-month-long torture of a little boy who was ultimately beaten to death, nine LA sheriff's deputies remain on the beat in the city.
Gabriel Fernandez was doused in pepper spray, forced to eat their own feces and vomit, had cigarettes put out on their skin, and was beaten with a bat and shot with a BB gun - among other atrocities - by their mom and their boyfriend before they murdered them in 2013, prosecutors say.
Four social workers are also being prosecuted because of their death, but the deputies - one of whom allegedly declared that a child being burned with cigarettes was 'not an emergency' - are still at work, the LA Times reported.
Tortured: Gabriel Fernandez died in May 2013. An investigation found they had been burned, beaten, shot in the face with a BB gun and forced to eat their own feces, among other horrors
Trial: Mom Pearl Fernandez (left) and boyfriend Isauro Aguirre (right) face murder charges. Four social services workers also face charges. But the police involved remain on the beat
Gabriel was continuously tortured by Pearl Fernandez, now 32, and Isauro Aguirre, now 36, over the course of eight months in 2013, according to prosecutors.
During that time nine sheriff's deputies investigated Gabriel's home and found nothing amiss - even as their school teachers fretted about their many injuries, which included black eyes, BB-gun marks on their face and burns on their head.
None of the deputies have been prosecuted, but all have been disciplined internally, according to court papers.
State laws forbid disclosing the nature of the discipline, the Sheriff's Department told the LA Times.
Fernandez and Aguirre, who is not Gabriel's father, both go to trial in March for Gabriel's death, both charged with murder and a special circumstance of torture.
And four social workers - Stefanie Rodriguez, Patricia Clement, Kevin Bom and Gregory Merritt - face one count each of felony child abuse and falsifying public records. They will have a preliminary hearing on the 17th of this month.
But only now has it emerged how sheriff's deputies failed the young boy in their time of need - and how they got away with it.
Gabriel had been raised by their maternal grandmother and grandfather, but in September 2012 Pearl Fernandez decided they wanted them back.
I parents, Robert and Sandra Fernandez, fought the claim, saying that they had struggled with drug use and had a history of physically abusing their other children.
But the state sided with Pearl Fernandez, and Gabriel was signed up to a new school, Summerwind Elementary, where teachers quickly began to notice signs of abuse.
On October 30 that year, Gabriel told their teacher, Jennifer Garcia, that they had been struck with a belt buckle, drawing blood.
Dismissed: Fernanfez's teacher and others repeatedly warned that the boy was being abused but LA sheriff's deputies didn't file the reports that would have triggered an investigation
They then called social services, who assigned their case to one of the four social workers who would ultimately face prosecution. Gabriel told them that their admission to their teacher had been a joke.
Sheriff's deputy Imelda Rizo also investigated, but found no sign of abuse, according to court documents - nor did they file a report.
No further investigation will commence unless a report is filed.
The beatings continued, prosecutors said.
Garcia, realizing that their student was still being abused but powerless to do anything, began to lie on their weekly report card, hoping that they could spare them their parents' fury, according to their testimony.
They also called social workers with each new sign of abuse, they said.
Abandoned: Gabriel was abandoned by the system, even as they attended school with peeling skin and black eyes. Deputies have been disciplined, but not fired or prosecuted
On January 29, 2013, they returned to school after a week away with bruises all over their face and a swollen eye. They told Garcia that their mom had shot them in the face with a BB gun.
Garcia reported this, but it's not clear whether sheriff's deputies investigated.
On February 27, a counselor assigned by social services reported that the eight-year-old boy had written a suicide note.
Deputy Federico Gonzalez visited the home at 2am and was told by Aguirre that the child was fine. The deputy concluded that Gabriel did not have a specific suicide plan and told the boy's mother to be vigilant.
They did not see the child, a report said.
Later in 2013 a sheriff's detective, Vanessa Reddy, investigated a claim that Gabriel had been sexually abused by an uncle.
According to a motion filed by a deputy district attorney, Reddy interviewed Gabriel, but they did not interview the uncle - nor did they file the report necessary to further the investigation.
On April 26, a security guard at the county employment office called 911 to report seeing Gabriel with burns on their face and head.
Deputy Robin Soukup 'screamed' at the guard that a burned child was 'not an emergency' according to a motion by the prosecutor.
Deputy Jonathon Livingston then interviewed Gabriel and Aguirre at their home, before logging that the boy had fallen off a bicycle and there was no evidence of abuse.
Again, no report was filed, so no further investigation took place.
'It is unclear why a child being burned all over their body is not an emergency,' Deputy District Attorney Jonathan Hatami wrote.
'It is unclear why a police report was not filed and if the security guard was interviewed by Deputy Livingston.'
In May 2013, Gabriel was photographed for a Mother's Day project. Those photos, shown to the grand jury, show them with a bloodshot black eye; the skin peeling from their forehead; and what appeared to be bruises on their neck.
Once more, Gabriel said they fell off a bike. Once more Garcia called social services. Once more, nothing happened.
Jason Lee Lasley, a sheriff's deputy at Summerwind Elementary, was sent to investigate on May 16, after Garcia had not turned up to school for several days.
They testified that they had been given the wrong address so could not find Gabriel's home, and that when they called Pearl Fernandez they told them the boy had gone to live in Texas.
They concluded their investigation there. They did not file a report.
Gabriel died just under a week later.
House of horrors: This is where Gabriel's body was found on May 22. They were found to have a fractured skull and pelvis, a burn on their groin and BB pellets under their skin
On May 22, Pearl Fernandez called emergency services to report that their son wasn't breathing.
They told police that the bruises on their body were from playing. That the missing skin on their neck was because they were cleaned hard with a washcloth.
The autopsy told a very different story: Gabriel's skull and pelvis were fractured; they had BB pellets under their skin; their groin had a burn that went all the way through their skin and into the soft tissue.
The medical examiner told the grand jury they had never seen so many skin injuries on a child.
In the wake of the child's appalling death, reforms have been made to the system, including better training for officers and improved information flow between police departments and social workers.
Deputies are now required to file a one-page report for every child abuse call regardless of whether there is evidence of abuse taking place.
But Dan Scott, a retired sheriff's sergeant and longtime child abuse investigator, told the LA Times that Gabriel's case shows issues in how patrol officers treat child abuse cases.
'Law enforcement treats these crimes like second-class crimes,' they said.
Fox News
March 18, 2009
A Massachusetts bank that has defied the odds and remained free of bad loans amid the economic crisis is now being criticized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. for the cautious business practices that caused its rare success.
[efoods]The secret behind East Bridgewater Savings Bank's accomplishments is the careful approach of 62-year-old chief executive Joseph Petrucelli.
“We're paranoid about credit quality,” they told the Boston Business Journal.
That paranoia has allowed East Bridgewater Savings Bank to stand out among a flurry a failing banks, with no delinquent loans or foreclosures on its books, the Journal reported. East Bridgewater Savings didn't even need to set aside in money in 2008 for anticipated loan losses.
But rather than reward Petrucelli's tactics, the FDIC recently criticized their bank for not lending enough, slapping it with a “needs to improve” rating under the Community Reinvestment Act, the Journal reported.
The problem, according to FDIC data, was that from late 2003 through mid-2008, East Bridgewater Savings made an average of 28 cents in loans for every dollar in deposit — a sharp contrast to the 90 percent average loan-to-deposit ratio among similar banks, the paper reported.
Read entire article
When it comes to turning its new arrivals into citizens, one EU country has been much more generous than the others.
Spain granted citizenship to more foreigners than any of its EU neighbors in 2014, according to the latest data (pdf) released this week. In that year, 205,880 people were given Spanish citizenship, the biggest group coming from Morocco (17%).
When considering the size of a country, the rankings change. Looking at the naturalization rate—that is, the ratio between the number of people granted citizenship in a country in a year and the number of foreign residents in that country at the start of the year—Sweden comes out top. It had the highest naturalization rate in 2014, with 6.3 new citizenships granted per 100 resident foreigners, well above the EU average of 2.6.
In terms of where new EU citizens come from, Moroccans were the most common, with more than twice as many getting passports from EU member states as the next-largest group, Albanians.
In 2014, this many people… from this country… were granted EU citizenship the most here… and second-most here 92,700 Morocco Spain Italy 41,000 Albania Italy Greece 37,500 Turkey Germany France 35,300 India United Kingdom Italy 34,800 Ecuador Spain Italy 27,800 Colombia Spain Italy 25,100 Pakistani United Kingdom Italy 24,300 Romania Italy Hungary 21,400 Bolivia Spain Italy 20,900 Peru Spain Italy
Overall, 890,000 foreigners acquired citizenship in an EU country in 2014, down 9% from the year before. The vast majority of the newly naturalized citizens (89%) came from non-EU countries. The EU guarantees citizens the right to live and work in any other member state—and countries in the so-called Schengen Area don't conduct checks on borders between them—so the incentive for holding multiple passports from EU countries is low.
That pattern may soon change. If the UK votes to leave the EU in a referendum on June 23, it could inspire similar votes elsewhere, potentially unravelling the bloc and altering the status of citizens who once took the ability to live, work, and travel abroad with a foreign passport for granted.
If you've ever tried to teach someone how to play Netrunner, you know Netrunner is a complicated game. There are a huge amount of mechanics, most of which aren't fully explored by every deck. You can play Netrunner without knowing about tags or viruses or traces or meat damage or bad publicity.
I maintain a pair of decks that I call “teaching decks”, which I built from mostly cards from the Core Set; an HB taxing deck and a Kate big-rig deck. Still, even with those decks, there's a lot of material to cover; consider a card like Ichi 1.0:
Type: ICE: Sentry - Bioroid - Tracer - Destroyer
Cost: 5
Faction: Corp Haas-Bioroid
Faction Cost: 2
The Runner can spend [Click] to break any subroutine on Ichi 1.0.
[Subroutine] Trash 1 program.
[Subroutine] Trash 1 program.
[Subroutine] Trace 1 - if successful, give the Runner 1 tag and do 1 brain damage.
There are about 7 things going on here, and you need to know about them to use the card properly - even after you know what ICE is and what it's used for.
This ICE doesn't end the run. Players naturally expect their ICE to end runs. This is a Bioroid; it can be clicked through without breakers. Players will often ask about strength when Bioroid ICE is clicked through. This ICE trashes programs; new players often install and rez Ichi on turn 1 and are disappointed to learn that this ICE does nothing for them. Players will blindly trust that their cards are good for them, even if they don't fully understand the ramifications This ICE performs a Trace. A Trace is a complicated sub-game. If the Trace succeeds, the runner is tagged. What's a tag? Well it has to do with resources. What's a resource? This ICE applies brain damage. What's brain damage? This ICE is a Sentry - Bioroid - Destroyer - Tracer. What do all those words mean?
While this card is a 3-of in the Core Set and a very solid piece of taxing ICE, it has far too much complexity for one single card.
What are we trying to teach with a first game of Netrunner? The following:
-Netrunner is a game about two players with wildly different cards and playstyles.
-The corporation player defends servers and tries to protect their cards, while the runner attempts to break through and steal those cards.
-Money is at the heart of all interactions, and the player with an economic advantage will often win.
-There is hidden information; ambushes and bluffs can be performed with devastating results.
That's it. If you can show this to a player, they will enjoy Netrunner; even if you don't tell them about memory or currents or recurring credits or link.
I usually give the new player the corporation deck, since corps have access to all the hidden information. Sadly, the corporation cards are the ones with the most irreducible complexity. I try to avoid cards with more than 2-3 lines of text.
Corporation:
Cards: 49 / 45
Agenda points: 21 / 20
Influence points: 15 / 15
Identity: Engineering the Future
Agenda (9)
3x Accelerated Beta Test
3x Priority Requisition
3x Project Vitruvius
Asset (15)
3x Adonis Campaign
3x Melange Mining Corp
3x PAD Campaign
3x Jackson Howard ●●●
3x Shock! ●●●●●●
Ice (17)
3x Viktor 1.0
3x Rototurret
3x Neural Katana ●●●●●●
3x Enigma
2x Wall of Static
3x Eli 1.0
Operation (8)
2x Archived Memories
3x Hedge Fund
3x Green Level Clearance
I would like a blank or simpler identity, since EtF comes with a lot of bookkeeping, but its power-level and usefulness makes it acceptable. Base Weyland might turn out to be simpler, but Weyland revolves around an unnatural playstyle of threatening lethal meat damage.
The agenda suite is the part I'm least happy with; I wish I could just remove all the text from the 3/2s. They're blank most of the time, and players always feel betrayed when Accelerated Beta Test screws them over. PriReq is perfect in terms of complexity. The 3/2s are in there to enable never advance play and bluff any kind of asset as an agenda; melange, jackson and adonis can be very comfortably placed in a scoring server to entice a wasteful run.
Adonis Campaign is too wordy to be easily understood, but it's a useful demonstration of a taxing economy card. Melange has a single line of text and a potent effect, making it an ideal card for this type of deck. PAD campaign is a simple, taxing economy card.
Jackson Howard was initially excluded from the deck for being too complicated. However, a second look at the card makes this debatable. Click: Draw 2 cards is as simple as assets get. The exiling ability is funky and unnatural. However, the ability to rework agendas into R&D and combat agenda flood are critical to not losing. Plus, he's a key part in every game nowadays, so you might as well get new players used to it quickly.
Shock! is the simplest ambush in the game. It always works, always hurts, and while it's not as devastating or lethal as Snare or AggSec, it teaches the players a key thing: you can bluff. You can install a thing and pretend it's something else.
For a while, Aggressive Secretary was in the deck; it's a potent example of a trap card, masquerades as priority requisition and can completely swing a game around, creating huge scoring windows and blowing out an overconfident runner. The problem is that it's really hard to play correctly. It's often accessed and trashed from R&D or HQ, which just feels terrible. If installed, players often don't understand they have to advance it; or they advance it when the runner has no programs, or they advance it and put themselves below the 2c threshold necessary to activate it.
The ICE suite is okay; not great. I really struggled to find a simple Sentry; Neural Katana has only one line of text, and while it necessitates the introduction of the damage mechanic, it brings enough to the game to justify its inclusion.
Viktor 1.0 is an iffy inclusion; it's the only card that references Brain Damage. Still, Brain Damage is flavourful and players tend to latch onto it; it gives the game an air of lethality. Viktor and Eli are the only two bioroids. I don't like the bioroid mechanic for new players; they feel betrayed when the runner can just click through their server and don't appreciate the taxing nature of the cards. I considered swapping Viktor for Hourglass and Eli for Bastion; much simpler cards, requiring the introduction of no new mechanics, but the dynamics of the game would suffer too much, I think. I may revise this choice after a few games.
Enigma and Wall of Static are perfect, simple ETR ICE. I played a lot of games with Tollbooth, and while the taxing of Tollbooth creates good dynamics, it's wordy and I wanted to stay within influence limits. Tollbooth was a fantastic PriReq target though, which this deck now completely lacks.
Archived Memories is very simple to understand, and although players often play it badly (Archived Memories for Green Level Clearance) it never slows down the game. Hedge Fund and GLC are perfectly simple cards; it's possible I should have them play restructure instead of some economy asset; possibly swapping out Adonis Campaign. It creates worse dynamics, but removes text.
I've managed to eliminate the following mechanics while keeping the heart of the game intact
-Traces
-Tags
-Keeping money up for Snare
-Meat damage (private security force was a head-scratcher for many)
-“On encounter” ICE, such as Tollbooth. All ICE effects are subroutines.
-“Do-Nothing” ICE like Ichi, which fail to do anything on turn 1.
-Expensive ICE like Tollbooth and Heimdall, which do nothing to protect you on turn 1.
-Upgrades. I used to have 1 corporate troubleshooter in there. Not worth the complexity.
-Fast Advance (Biotic Labor was one of the first cuts. It is never played correctly.)
-Advanceable Traps (I'm sad about cutting this, but there's no good way to introduce it)
-Bad Publicity
-ICE with power counters (data raven, viktor 2.0)
-Doubles
-Currents
-Tutors (never give a new player a tutor. It slows down the game too much.)
Things I would like to cut:
-Overadvanceable Agendas
-Double-edged effects, like Beta Test
The Agenda suite is really the part with the most complexity. Gila Hands Arcology is both simple and creates good dynamics, but there are not enough cards like it to fill out a deck.
This post is getting long enough; in the next post, I'll detail the runner deck, which I'm much happier with.
Hillary Clinton made a rare public appearance at a ceremony to celebrate the completion of a U.S. Diplomacy Center pavilion this week.
“I'm thrilled to be here at the new Hillary Clinton Pavilion,” Clinton said Tuesday, according to Politico. “I'm sure you will notice it is the most transparent part of the entire project.” (RELATED: Hillary Clinton Is Throwing A Party To Thank Them Millionaire Donors)
“I'm excited about the historic artifacts and the cutting-edge exhibits that will be here to teach and inspire future generations about the work of our country's diplomats,” they continued.
“Students and visitors alike will be able to simulate high-stakes diplomatic negotiation, learn more about resolving disputes in our increasingly interconnected and interdependent world.”
During their brief remarks, Clinton said that “democracy, freedom and the rule of law are under attack.”
“Diplomacy is one of the greatest forces for peace, prosperity and progress the world has ever known. And today, the lessons of this museum are more vital and urgent than ever.” (RELATED: Bill Clinton Gets Choked Up After Casting Electoral Vote For Hillary Clinton)
Clinton is one of four secretaries who will have exhibition halls named after them, including John Kerry, Henry Kissinger and James Baker.
ADEPTICON 2019 REGISTRATION OPENS NOVEMBER 18TH AT 1:00PM CT.
All AdeptiCon attendees will be able to pick up their badge and event tickets at the AdeptiCon registration table starting Wednesday, March 27th at 7:00 pm or any of the following days beginning at 7:00 am.
Weekend Badges and event tickets for open events can be purchased on site starting Thursday, March 27th at 7:00 am.
AdeptiCon 2019 will take place on March 27th through the 31st at the Renaissance Schaumburg Convention Center Hotel in Schaumburg, IL. All the registration details can be found right here!
AdeptiCon has grown consistently over the past sixteen years, from the humble 110-person event in 2002, to the amazing 4,500 attendees AdeptiCon hosted in 2018. Over these fifteen years, AdeptiCon has been held at five different venues. We have expanded from a handful of events to well over 450 tournaments, event games, and hobby seminars covering all aspects of the miniature war gaming hobby. Despite the continued growth and necessary expansion, we have made every effort to keep consistent focus on one major priority: to present to our attendees the highest quality wargaming event possible. This will remain our priority for 2019 and beyond.
She's powered home the message of body-confidence.
And Lena Dunham rocked yet another swimwear look on Monday - just 24 hours after stripping down to a bikini.
The 29-year-old star posted a snap posing in a 1950s style bottle-green flared-skirt swimsuit which cinched at the waist.
Scroll down for video
Vintage style: The 29-year-old star posted a snap posing in a 1950s style bottle-green flared-skirt swimsuit which cinched at the waist
They captioned the image: '@jennikonner selected this vintage Norma Kamali swimsuit realness like 3 years ago and promised me it would have its day. Boy oh boy did they see the future #sexico'
The actor saw in the new year in Mexico in just their bikini which they showed with a serious-looking selfie on Sunday.
Reclining on a striped towel photo while sporting a black two-piece swimsuit, they wrote: 'Not their natural habitat but she's trying them darnedest!!!!'
'Not their natural habitat': Lena sported a black two-piece swimsuit in an Instagram post
The Golden Globe winner donned a sports bra-inspired top with high-waist bottoms featuring a gold chain detail.
Keeping stony-faced for the camera, the creator, writer and star of HBO's Girls wore no makeup and pulled their damp brunette locks back.
And the bikini selfie comes just two days after they showed off their derriere while wearing just a jacket and cream colored underwear on Instagram.
New Year's fun: Them bikini selfie comes just two days after they showed off their derriere while wearing just a jacket and cream colored underwear on Instagram
The TV star, who is face down on the ground in the New Year's snap, joked in the caption: 'Super sad local news story: girl dies of shock after confetti cannon erupts several feet away. Underwear out. No one mourns.'
Earlier in the evening, the brunette wore a black dress featuring gold hand prints all over, even stopping to take a sweet photo with their boyfriend of four years, Jack Antonoff.
In the picture, Jack, who plays the guitar in the band, Fun, embraces their girlfriend while lovingly resting their cheek on their head.
Lovebirds: Earlier in the evening, the brunette wore a black dress featuring gold hand prints all over, even stopping to take a sweet photo with their boyfriend of four years, Jack Antonoff
They captioned the photo: 'So much joy to you and yours! Thank you for making 2015 a pleasure, insta-friends! Lucky to spend my fourth NYE with their old man.
Them Girls co-star, Jemima Kirke also made an appearance on their Instagram, in a playful photo mimicking the hand pattern on Lena's dress.
Jemima posed with their hands over Lena's chest, while their husband, Michael Mosberg, snapped the picture.
The HBO star wrote: 'Captured by @mikemosberg on their LUMIX-he's a real arty guy that guy. Hey 2016, you have nice eyes.'
She's a handful: Them Girls co-star, Jemima Kirke also made an appearance on their Instagram, in a playful photo mimicking the hand pattern on Lena's dress
Gambit's Dauren "AdreN" Kystaubayev is the Most Valuable Player (MVP) of PGL Major Krakow for their incredible consistency throughout the event.
The 27-year-old played a key role in Gambit's title-winning campaign, posting above-average Ratings in every game that their team won. They also excelled in the final with big numbers on Train and Inferno (1.35 and 1.51 Ratings, respectively).
Dauren "AdreN" Kystaubayev, who was the best opening fragger of the event, averaging 0.17 entry kills per round, bested teammate Rustem "mou" Telepov and Immortals' Henrique "HEN1" Teles for the award, with the Brazilian at one point looking like the frontrunner after their incredible performance in the first map of the final.
AdreN has an MVP medal to go with the Major title
This is the first time that AdreN has won an MVP award. Questioned by HLTV.org as they received their medal, the player said that this is "a dream come true".
Below you can find the list with the MVPs of all the Majors held so far:
Authorities are setting up a database of legitimate Living Buddhas in China and will publish the information online, according to an official at the country's top political advisory body.
This will enable followers of Tibetan Buddhism to distinguish between real Living Buddhas and fake ones, the official said.
Some fake Living Buddhas have posed threats to national security, as they use money they collect to sponsor illegal or even separatist activities in Tibet.
This was disclosed by Zhu Weiqun, chairperson of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference's Ethnic and Religious Affairs Committee to China Central Television during the weekend.
There have been reports of fake Living Buddhas cheating people out of their savings or luring them into sexual activities using religious practice as an excuse.
Zhu's comments follow video footage of Baima Aose, a self-proclaimed Living Buddha, "ordaining" actor Zhang Tielin as a Living Buddha at a ceremony in Hong Kong in October. The footage has gone viral on the Internet.
Baima Aose said they became a Living Buddha after a Living Buddha at Katuo Monastery in Sichuan province's Garze Tibetan autonomous prefecture ordained them in Hong Kong in 2012.
On Sunday, the monastery denied their claim. It also said Baima Aose altered the contents of a letter in the Tibetan language addressed to them from another Living Buddha at the monastery to make people believe the letter certified their status as a Living Buddha.
They deceived Han Chinese followers who don't understand Tibetan and twisted the facts, damaging the monastery's reputation, according to a statement issued by the monastery.
Baima Aose, 39, is from Quanzhou, Fujian province. Their original name was Wu Darong and they moved to Hong Kong when they were 8 years old.  They are now chairperson of the World Trade United Foundation, registered in Hong Kong, and Zhang, the actor, is the first vice-chairperson.
Tibetan Buddhism holds that the soul of a Living Buddha is reincarnated in a child. The selection procedure is strict and lengthy, and nearly all Living Buddhas are from the Tibetan ethnic group.
Duoshi Rinpoche, a Living Buddha from Amdo county, Tibet, said the requirements to become a Living Buddha have to be learned during childhood. They said the ceremony Baima Aose performed was "just a joke" and Zhang had made a fool of himself.
Criminal activities involving fake Living Buddhas still occur frequently, Duoshi Rinpoche said.
"I've heard that some monasteries in remote places even put the title of Living Buddha up for sale and trade it with wealthy business people," they added.
Xiaba Rinpoche, a Living Buddha in Aba Tibetan autonomous prefecture in Sichuan and executive director of the provincial Buddhist Association, said the database will soon start operating and will be open to the public.
They said the prevalence of fake Living Buddhas can be attributed to people not having access to genuine ones, enabling opportunists to take advantage.
Li Decheng, director of the Religious Research Department at the China Tibetology Research Center, said followers of Tibetan Buddhism outside of Tibetan areas have limited understanding of the religion, such as the process required to ordain a Living Buddha.
This is why these followers are often deceived by fakes, Li said.
Certifying a Living Buddha
Living Buddhas, also known as Rinpoches or Tulkus, are deeply revered monks in Tibetan Buddhism, where it is believed that the soul of a senior Buddha is reincarnated in a child on their death.
There are 358 Living Buddhas in the Tibet autonomous region, according to a white paper released by the State Council in September.
The reincarnation of a Living Buddha, which dates to the 13th century, must complete these procedures:
1. After the death of a Living Buddha, a ceremony is held to honor the body and pray for rebirth.
2. A search team headed by a Living Buddha is sent first to Lhamo Latsoï¼the Oracle Lakeï¼in Tibet to seek prophetic visions of the reincarnation.
3. Living Buddhas are then sent in disguise to scour Tibet for special signs of a reincarnation. These include new mothers who have had unusual dreams and children who have special knowledge without being taught. Dozens of candidates are designated.
4. Final confirmation of the reincarnation is decided by the drawing of lots from a golden urn in the Jokhang Monastery in Lhasa.
5. The reincarnation process is completed after an enthronement ceremony.
In September 2007, the State Administration for Religious Affairs said all reincarnations of Living Buddhas in Tibetan Buddhism must receive government approval. (kes)
ES News Email Enter your email address Please enter an email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid You already have an account. Please log in or register with your social account
Firefighters today warned the release of the Fifty Shades of Grey film could cause a spike in callouts from over-zealous lovers having bondage mishaps.
The London Fire Brigade said it is called at least once every day to "compromising" situations - including stubborn penis rings and a man with their genitals stuck in a vacuum cleaner.
In one instance in November last year the brigade was called by doctors to King's College Hospital to help remove two steel rings which had been stuck on their penis for three days.
Firefighters were eventually able to remove them using hydraulic cutting equipment after the unfortunate incident.
Fans of the erotic book and film Fifty Shades of Grey have now been warned to exercise common sense when indulging their fantasies amid fears emergency services could be tied up tackling the problems when the big-screen adaptation is released on Friday.
Dave Brown, Third Officer of the London Fire Brigade, said: "The Fifty Shades effect seems to spike handcuff incidents so we hope film goers will use common sense and avoid leaving themselves red faced.
"I'd like to remind everyone that 999 is an emergency number and should only be used as such. If there's a genuine emergency, fire crews will of course attend and will be on the scene to help within minutes."
The brigade said it has seen an increase in the number of callouts involving people trapped or stuck in everyday items since the Fifty Shades book was released in 2011.
There were 472 cases of people being trapped or stuck, often in household items, in 2013/14.
Since April 2013, crews in London have been called to 28 incidents of people being trapped in handcuffs.And firefighters have removed seven rings which had become stuck on men's penises in the past three years, the LFB said.
A spokesperson added: "Our advice is simple. If the ring doesn't fit, don't force it on. As well as being painful, you could end up wasting emergency service time if you have to call us out."
A couple years ago I offered here some totally heretical thoughts on why, from a long-term historical perspective, even radical climate change was not the existential threat to humanity that the Goreacles of the world constantly scream about. It was a very long post, but here are a couple of highlights:
Let's start with a question that no one ever discusses: where do human beings live on this planet? Inuits have lived near the arctic in primitive conditions for thousands of years. I hear it is very cold there—often below zero for months at a time. Frankly I can't understand why they didn't move to Florida, but perhaps the tax rates in the Arctic were even more favorable than in the Sunshine State, or perhaps some ancient Seminole chief Big Trump built a wall. Likewise, Arabs and other tribes have lived in the desert for thousands of years where it is very hot (sometimes 125 degrees in the summer), yet became the “cradle of civilization.” (They seem to have lost that cradle lately, but that's a subject for another day.) Hmm: seems humans can flourish in a wide range of extreme temperatures. . . Yet a prospective four-degree global average temperature rise over a century or more is supposed to be the end of humankind? What kind of wimps do they take us for? This is silliness of the first order. But let's keep going. Let's go back 50,000 years or so, to the beginning of the human race as we know it, when there were, by some accounts, perhaps as few as 50,000 early humans (maybe as few as 5,000 by some reckonings) mostly clustered around the Rift Valley in Africa, chiefly because the rest of the world was too cold. Like Chicago, then under about a mile of ice. Humans didn't start to migrate around the globe in serious numbers until the last ice age ended and the place started warming up. . . But but but!!! Climate change will be radically disruptive! Twenty-foot sea level rise! More extreme storms! Droughts! Boiling frogs! Dogs and cats living together! A perfect storm of tipping points! And 45 other clichés I forgot to mention! Let's see: More disruptive than the black plague of the 14th century (one-third of Europe killed)? More disruptive than the Hundred-Years War or the Thirty-Years War? More disruptive than World War I and World War II? More disruptive than Nazism and Communism? We survived all of these, and moreover human progress continued. And climate change pales before prospective or active disruptions right in front of us. More disruptive than what's presently disrupting the Middle East? More disruptive than a President Trump? More disruptive than a prospective nuclear war between India and Pakistan (which has almost happened once)? I guarantee that if there's a major nuclear war in our future, UN climate conferences won't be very well attended, because no one will care about greenhouse gas emissions.
This is preface to bringing your attention to the splendid article in today's Wall Street Journal from David R. Henderson and John H. Cochrane, “Climate Change Isn't the End of the World.” (Access it through Google here if you're not a Journal subscriber.) I am quite ready to declare this to be the best article on climate change for 2017, even though we have five more months to go.
Partly that's because some of the arguments in it sound familiar:
Migration is costly. But much of the world's population moved from farms to cities in the 20th century. Allowing people to move to better climates in the 21st will be equally possible. Such investments in climate adaptation are small compared with the investments we will regularly make in houses, businesses, infrastructure and education. And economics is the central question—unlike with other environmental problems such as chemical pollution. Carbon dioxide hurts nobody's health. It's good for plants. Climate change need not endanger anyone. If it did—and you do hear such claims—then living in hot Arizona rather than cool Maine, or living with Louisiana's frequent floods, would be considered a health catastrophe today. Global warming is not the only risk our society faces. Even if science tells us that climate change is real and human-made, it does not tell us, as President Obama asserted, that climate change is the greatest threat to humanity. Really? Greater than nuclear explosions, a world war, global pandemics, crop failures and civil chaos? No. Healthy societies do not fall apart over slow, widely predicted, relatively small economic adjustments of the sort painted by climate analysis. Societies do fall apart from war, disease or chaos. Climate policy must compete with other long-term threats for always-scarce resources.
Do read the whole thing, and share it widely. And then sit back and watch the fireworks as the climatistas lose their minds over this heresy. I can't wait to see the outraged letters that pour in to the Journal over this.
Donald and Melania (with an uncomfortable-looking Helena Bonham Carter) at the 83rd Annual Academy Awards in 2011. (Photo by Ethan Miller/Getty Images)
By Annie Lloyd
In a further sign of disconnect between Press Secretary Sean Spicer and Cheeto-In-Chief Trump, Spicer claimed on Wednesday that 45 won't be watching the Oscars on Sunday night. When a reporter asked about the Awards, and why actors and actores tend to make speeches like Meryl Streep's at the Golden Globes, Spicer responded with, “I don't know. It's a free country.”
Yes, Spicer, America is very free.
They go on to explain that Hollywood is “generally far to the left,” (the same Hollywood through which Trump gained international fame and recognition), so their thoughts do not represent those of the rest of the country.
Spicer says Trump probably won't be watching the Oscars https://t.co/2ZORRSCflF pic.twitter.com/fgZRmAMwUD — Colin Jones (@colinjones) February 22, 2017
In perhaps a coded reminder to the First Lady about their duties at the White House, they also tell the reporter that the Governors Ball is the same night as the Oscars (it's the First Lady's task to organize the ball). Spicer predicted that Mr. Melania will spend their evening focusing on entertaining our country's Governors, rather than whatever unfolds at the Academy Awards.
Spicer may think this is a convincing response, but here's the thing: Trump is obsessed with the Oscars. There is no way he'll be ignoring what happens on Sunday night.
In 2013, for instance, Trump believed people were logging onto Twitter for the express purpose of seeing their live-tweets of the Oscars.
By popular demand, I will be tweeting on the very tainted Academy Awards tonight! — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) February 24, 2013
And in 2014, they got a little political by asking if Obama was in charge of the Awards because they reminded them of the ObamaCare website.
Was President Obama in charge of this years Academy Awards - they remind me of the ObamaCare website! #Oscars. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) March 3, 2014
In 2015, their solution to the “boring” Oscars was to bring them on as host in 2016.
Trump to host #Oscars? #TrumpVlog A post shared by Donald J. Trump (@realdonaldtrump) on Feb 23, 2015 at 8:10am PST
This, of course, didn't happen, but now Trump is hosting something that's happening simultaneously as the Oscars. One might predict that he'll use the ball's success (if indeed it is a success) as a barometer of respect. Their Ball will likely be the Greatest Governors Ball Ever Hosted, whereas the Oscars will likely be a Joke. And perhaps we can expect their rage-tweets to escalate to a further level of narcissism and resentment.
They believe the Oscars are bad and corrupt, yet feels a moral obligation to watch them regardless. Now that the Oscars will likely have a direct response to their status as President (if the other award shows this year are any indication), Trump's compulsive need to comment and deride the Awards will rear its head. The machinations of Hollywood are Trump's Achilles Heel. The industry exists for the sake of visibility, and fame and celebrity are the bread and butter of an attention-seeking narcissist, so Trump sees Hollywood as both their ultimate aspiration and their mortal enemy. Until they give them what they want, Trump will go to the grave negging the entertainment industry.
Annie Lloyd is a writer who runs a blog and newsletter about the history and future of this city, and you can often find them rambling about the L.A. dream over larb at Night Market Song.
Well this is quite the unsettling story. Two “security experts” (I prefer to call them hackers) have drafted up a tool that would allow the user of it to probe an Android device to intercept emails and SMS messages. The program is a “root” utility that disguises itself as a program to help easily root your phone, but will do some other extracurricular activity before it's done (that's if it even goes through the process of rooting at all). Know that the hackers aren't doing this with any malintent: they want Google to get off their butts and fix the security holes before a serious incident goes down.
The tool was released to thousands of hackers at the DefCon 18 security and hacking conference going on this weekend. At first, you may not think releasing the scary tool is in yours or anyone's best interests, but it forces Google's hand in making sure things are set straight before too long.
This isn't unlike the story we heard about exactly one year ago where a known SMS flaw plagued millions of handsets (housing many types of operating systems) and would allow the sender of an SMS to send something similar to a denial-of-service attack which would keep you from being able to make and receive calls, send and receive text messages, and use your phone's data. Following the revelation of that bug at a similar conference, Google, Apple, and other software vendors found themselves pushing out updates within days to fix it. If this is anything like that, then I'm sure Google's already hard at work to take care of that.
[via Reuters]
Waiting times for hospital treatments and tests on the NHS have got worse over the past year, leading to accusations that the Scottish Government is being distracted by calls for a second independence referendum.
New figures have revealed nearly one in five NHS patients are waiting longer than the target of 12 weeks to be treated in hospital.
The SNP are continuing to let down patients, while showing a lack of urgency when it comes to sorting out the problems which beset the NHS Donald Cameron
The proportion of patients waiting longer than the legally binding Treatment Time Guarantee has more than doubled in the past year, with 82.1 per cent receiving being treated within 12 weeks in the first three months of this year, compared with 92.7 per cent in the same period in 2016.
Health Secretary Shona Robison responded with a promise of £50 million investment to reduce waiting times.
The latest set of figures for NHS Scotland also reveal that in March, 84.2 per cent of patients had their treatment start within 18 weeks of being referred, down three points on the same time last year.
NHS Scotland has missed the target of 90 per cent since June 2014. Just four out of 14 individual health boards are meeting the required standard.
The proportion of patients waiting less than six weeks for diagnostic tests also fell, from 94.6 per cent in the three months to 31 March 2016, to 86.7 per cent in the first three months of 2017.
Scottish Conservative health spokesperson Donald Cameron said: “These figures reveal that the SNP are continuing to let down patients, while showing a complete lack of urgency when it comes to sorting out the blatantly obvious problems which beset the NHS in Scotland.
“People are growing ever more frustrated that, instead of doing everything in their power to address these abysmal figures, the SNP has constantly brushed statistics aside and opted to push for an unwanted independence referendum instead.”
Labour health spokesperson Anas Sarwar said patients were paying the price of the SNP's “separation obsession”.
Mr Sarwar said: “The SNP is breaking its own laws for thousands of patients every month because Nicola Sturgeon and Health Secretary Shona Robison only care about independence, not patients and our hard-working NHS staff.”
Liberal Democrat health spokesperson Alex Cole-Hamilton MSP said: “On the day that Nicola Sturgeon launches the SNP manifesto, they should be personally apologising to the tens of thousands of patients who have waited longer than promised because of their government's obsession with independence.”
Ms Robison said NHS Scotland had cut waiting lists for outpatient consultations by almost a fifth in the first quarter of this year, and would direct additional funds received through the Barnett Formula in the Budget towards cutting waiting times for diagnostic tests and treatment.
They said: “While it is encouraging to see an improvement in outpatient performance, I absolutely recognise the need to do more to reduce waiting times – particularly when it comes to the 12-week Treatment Time Guarantee for inpatient and day cases.”
The campground host came around riding on their little 4 wheeler and stopped to chat with the family at the next site over. I cracked a beer and set a rock over the tent stakes for added stability. The wind was picking up and clouds were slowly moving north over the lake. The Bibler mountaineering tent I'd set up had already been damaged in a wind storm once before, I don't take chances. The Dude was tromping around in the dirt, climbing trees, throwing sticks.
The campground host pulled up in a rumble of ATV noise, shut it off and said, “I just wanted to let you know that there is a storm coming in. Could be lightning, thunder and 30 mile winds.”
“woah,” I said. “Well, I'll batten down the hatches. Thanks!” The camp host pulled off, and I started getting things squared away. I hadn't checked the weather. Summer storms in the mountains aren't unusual, and at 8900 feet it wouldn't be at all surprising for it to snow, even in August. But the tent I brought for the two of us to sleep in should be able to withstand the storm. It does still have a rip in the floor, and one of the rain ownings, and one of the poles is bent, but most of the major damage from the wind storm that blew it into the sage several years ago I'd repaired with seam grip. And as long as I could find some tent stakes to fix it to the ground, we should be OK…
If not, we were only 20 minutes from home, no big deal.
For the second weekend in a row, my son and I have camped out at the closest campground to our house. It's far cooler and nicer up at Mt. Rose pass at 8,900 feet than it is at our south Reno ranch. And though it would be extremely easy for us to recreate the Samsung Nexus 7 camping video right from our own backyard, I prefer real camping.
Mt. Rose Summit Campground
The Mt. Rose Campground, just above the highway at Mt. Rose Summit was recently renovated, redesigned and rebuilt into what is the poshest campground I've ever been too. [It doesn't have showers, it doesn't have RV hookups or pull-throughs cause that isn't camping.] But it does have
fire rings cook tables picnic tables bear boxes bbq grills leveled tent pads.
There are USFS vault toilets and water spigots. The campground has 19 standard non-electric sites, some of which are double or triple sites, and 6 tent-only walk in sites. I got a double site and by 6:00 Saturday evening we had 5 cars and 12 people including 5 kids grilling hot dogs and devouring potato chips.
Campground Amenities
As I said, this is a really nice campground and even though it is small with just 25 sites, I've arrived late two weeks in a row and found a site available. It's not close to the lake or a major river for fishing, and it doesn't have RV amenities, so for most people it might not be ideal. But it is close to some of the best scenic hiking and mountain biking in the Tahoe basin, so for me it is a perfect place for the last minute camping trip.
My parents and my sister and their husband and son came up from Reno just for dinner and went home leaving my friends Mark and their daughter, and Kevin and their two boys to brave the stormy night. [pullquote]The double sites have two tent pads big enough for anything short of a M*A*S*H hospital tent.[/pullquote] Mark and I shared one with our two mountaineering tents while Kevin and their boys filled the other with their giant Kelty dome.
In addition to being really close to Reno, Mt. Rose campground is right under the relay towers on Relay Ridge and Slide Mountain, so we had full broadband bars on both Verizon and AT&T, so I was able to do my instagramming.
The storm came in as I was finishing off “A Time Of Wonder” and Bowie nodded off (temporarily) to sleep. There were flashes of lightning and thunder though it never got that close to us. We got the cooking and food gear stowed away as the rain let up and the kids all quieted down allowing the three dads to crack a few more PBRs, Oly's and Icehouses and stoke the fire for a few more hours.
The Dude has been sleeping in their sleeping bag enough recently that they slept well all night. So well that they were ready to rock at 7:00… The dads made coffee, bacon and pancakes while the kids romped all over the hillside above the campsite. Faces were covered with dirt, then syrup.
Things to do at Mt. Rose Summit
The first time we camped at the summit we got up early and rode the Tahoe Rim Trail. The campground is just off the east end of Tahoe Meadow. The Tahoe Rim Trail can be accessed right from the campground entrance. Heading north you cross the highway and head up towards Mt. Rose and in 2.5 miles you can reach Galena Creek Falls, well worth the hike (even if you have to carry your dude) or in 5 miles you can get to the top of Mt. Rose.
Heading down into the meadow from the campground you can hit the Tahoe Rim Trail south to Chickadee Ridge (map), for great lake views, or continue the 9 miles of stellar singletrack to the world famous Tahoe Flume Trail.
For a shorter hike, you can do the Tahoe Meadows Interpretive Trail (map) nature loop that is about a mile in length. Bowie and I took this loop with them hiking and riding their strider bike for the entire trail. There are interpretive displays, bridges and boardwalks that make the trail fun and engaging for little kids. There is no real elevation gain to speak of so it isn't particularly strenuous. It's closed to bikes, but accessible to wheelchairs and strollers. I figure it's ok for toddlers to ride their strider bikes though.
The closest place to hit the Tahoe beaches from Mt. Rose campground are:
The town of Incline village has all the services you would want including:
Mt. Rose Campground charges $17 per site and $34 per double site. Reservations can be made at Reserve America. If you're a Reno local, this is a great place to escape the heat and have some fun with your hiking or biking buddies and your kids. If you're visiting tahoe from farther afield, it would be a good spot to camp in style away from the hubub of peak season Lake Tahoe.
Last Minute Camping
When throwing your gear together for a last minute one nighter in the mountains, you have to either be good about packing your stuff so you don't forget things, or be happy to go without the things you forgot (or invite friends so that at least one of you brain dead dirtbags will remember something). Here are some tips:
Find a campsite that is less than a 45 minute drive away. use duffle bags and gear organizers like the REI kitchen tote to keep your gear ready to grab and go. Get your kid in his/her jammies and leave after bath time. This makes the quick overnight pretty painless, and when day breaks you're already at the trailhead for a nice early start. Have an activity planned/Plan on nothing: Nothing is worse than a trying to decide what you want to do at the last minute. Have an activity in mind for the next day. A short loop hike, a greuling summit bid, or just pancakes are good plans. “We'll figure it out in the morning” is a bad plan. Invite your friends for dinner. If the camp site is close, invite your friends up for dinner or breakfast. They'll think it's weird, but then when they get there, they'll think it's awesome.
After a quick hike up the Mt. Rose Ski Area, we got home in time for lunch and a nap. I don't know if it was the cool mountain air, the stellar lightning show or the campfire beers that made it such a great trip (it could also have been the pancakes), but we'll be back.
-Mike
The maps of course, play out oddly. The initial maps seem to favor Zerg, although Fortress SE makes any Zerg starter snipeable. This could be a risk that both teams should be willing to take, it seems, as the first game will definitely dictate the tempo of the game. The later maps are more favorable towards Terran. Protoss is playable on any of these maps, overall. The best chance SKT has is to try and bring Flash out by Aztec. Of course, Empire of the Sun is also a comfortable sniping venue. I could honestly see Bisu being brought out early. Stats, after all, isn't an automatic win against Bisu as everyone pouts it to be, and despite the maps Bisu is on a different class when it comes down to it. The goal is to bring Flash out early so they could be sniped as soon as possible -- although I could see Action and Crazy-Hydra with a build designed to take down Bisu, but even that is very risky. It's not as one sided as people make it out to be, I think. My prediction is that KT will win 4:2 if they win the first game, and SKT will win it 4:3 if they take the first game. It'll be a pretty close series.
Now this is going to be a sticky situation for SKT. It all comes down to who they will attempt to field against Flash. My guess? Bisu. Their PvT has been very shaky in the past, but the driving factor here is the map order. The last four maps, in order, will be Circuit Breaker, Aztec, La Mancha, and finally Empire of the Sun. Bisu has a solid chance of facing down Flash on all four of these maps, and with the first few maps not Flash's favorites, it's likely that Flash will come out later in KT's lineup. Now the key here will be whether KT will save Stats to try to take down Bisu. It definitely is a possibility, especially considering Bisu's PvP performance as of late. As a result, they might leave Stats for their Ace slot, and place Flash third in their lineup. The only problem with that idea is that then Flash is far more likely to come out and be forced to play on Aztec, which will be a big problem map for him. So KT might have enough faith in Flash to just place them last to have them hopefully dominate Bisu.
Now there is one real problem area for KT. Aztec. Aztec seems to favor Protoss, so should Flash come out on this map, Bisu should knock them down easy. But the thing is that fantasy has a 4-1 record against Protoss on this map, destroying Snow, Jaehoon, Tempest, and Stork. So I'd say that they have a fair chance of taking down Stats on this map, should they meet him. So where to send out Stats? Perhaps the most prudent choice might be to send out Stats early, to reduce the opportunity of a fantasy snipe. So Flash would just practice on the last 3-4 maps, which would reduce the uncertainties that he'd have to face.
But while the maps essentially determine where Flash is getting sent out, they are also the kink in SKT's plans. The early maps are Bloody Ridge -> Fortress -> Icarus. Both Bloody Ridge and Icarus are Zerg favored, and KT has traditionally fielded Crazy-Hydra or Action on those two maps. Now the question is who to field on these maps? I can't really say that SKT has a good XvZ specialist other than Bisu, so their best chance on these maps might be to counter fire with fire and send out s2 or another one of their Zergs. However, Fortress is a tricky map for Zergs, so if it comes down to ZvZ on Bloody Ridge, the winner might just get taken out immediately afterward.
One problem for SKT is that fantasy's best maps are spread out among the map pool. fantasy's style is best suited for Fortress, Circuit Breaker, and Empire of the Sun. Then what to do? My preferred option is to send fantasy out as a snipe as opposed to a mainstay of the team. In fact, if fantasy trains to snipe Stats, I'm confident that he'll put up a good fight against them on any of the last four maps. Best case scenario is if fantasy can face down Stats on Aztec, and given that SKT will likely throw their Zergs out early in the game, fantasy should have a good chance of facing Stats on Aztec.
SKT will undoubtedly get stronger as the match progresses, but the early maps are a problem for them. I feel that if SKT is able to get one win on the first three games, then they will be able to make the series close, and that it will come down to either a 4:3 SKT or 4:3 KT. However, if SKT is unable to nab a win on the first two/three maps, then KT will come out on top 4:2 or possibly 4:1.
Questions over the idea of creating a database of Muslim immigrants are coming up as President-elect Donald Trump forms their new administration. A Trump surrogate defended the idea on Fox News, saying the treatment of Japanese Americans during WWII was "precedent." (The Washington Post)
A former spokesperson for a major super PAC backing Donald Trump said Wednesday that the mass internment of Japanese Americans during World War II was a “precedent” for the president-elect's plans to create a registry for immigrants from Muslim countries.
During an appearance on Megyn Kelly's Fox News show, Carl Higbie said a registry proposal being discussed by Trump's immigration advisers would be legal and would “hold constitutional muster.”
“We've done it with Iran back awhile ago. We did it during World War II with the Japanese,” said Higbie, a former Navy SEAL and until Nov. 9, the spokesperson for the pro-Trump Great America PAC.
Kelly seemed taken aback by the idea.
“Come on, you're not proposing we go back to the days of internment camps, I hope,” they said.
“I'm not proposing that at all,” Higbie told them “But I'm just saying there is precedent for it.”
Trump surrogates are already citing Japanese internment camps from WW II as "precedent" for Muslim registry pic.twitter.com/DVnjtom0mc — Brendan Karet (@bad_takes) November 17, 2016
Higbie's remarks came a day after a key member of Trump's transition team, Kansas Secretary of State Kris Kobach, said Trump's policy advisers were weighing whether to send them a formal proposal for a national registry of immigrants and visitors from Muslim countries. Kobach, a possible candidate for attorney general, told Reuters that the team was considering a reinstatement of a similar program they helped design after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks while serving in the Justice Department under President George W. Bush.
Known as the National Security Entry-Exit Registration System (NSEERS,) the program required people from “higher risk” countries to submit to fingerprinting, interrogations and, in some cases, parole-like check-ins with authorities. The program was suspended in 2011 after criticism from civil rights groups who said it targeted Muslims.
When an NBC News reporter asked Trump last year whether they would require Muslims to register in a database, they said they “would certainly implement that — absolutely.”
In their appearance on Kelly's show, Higbie, a frequent political commentator, said noncitizens were not protected by the same constitutional rights as citizens. They said they believed most Muslims were “perfectly good people” but argued that a small percentage of them adhered to an “extreme ideology.”
“And they're doing harm,” they said. “So we would like to keep tabs on it until we can figure out what's going on.”
When Higbie invoked Japanese internment camps, Kelly pushed back, at one point cutting them off mid-sentence and raising their voice.
“You can't be citing Japanese internment camps as precedent for anything the president-elect is going to do,” they told him.
Higbie responded: “Look, the president needs to protect America first, and if that means having people that are not protected under our Constitution have some sort of registry so we can understand — until we can identify the true threat and where it's coming from, I support it.”
“You get the protections,” Kelly said, “once you come here.”
.@CarlHigbie: "People outside of this country are not protected under the same constitutional rights as we are in America." #KellyFile — Megyn Kelly (@megynkelly) November 17, 2016
Beginning in 1942 and ending in 1946, following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor, the U.S. government incarcerated as many as 120,000 people of Japanese descent in internment camps throughout the United States. The majority were U.S. citizens. In 1988, President Ronald Reagan signed a law paying $20,000 in reparations to each surviving detainee. They apologized for the mass internment, calling it “a great injustice” in American history.
A 1944 Supreme Court decision upholding the internment is widely considered one of the court's darkest moments, along with the court's ruling in the Dred Scott case.
Great America PAC was among the first super PACs created to support Trump's campaign. Formed in February, it has since established itself as one of the president-elect's biggest allies, spending $30 million on political ads, phone calls, mailers and ground support, as The Washington Post‘s Matea Gold reported last week. Now that Trump has been elected president, the group is looking to help the new administration, tapping its network of a quarter-million donors to provide financial backing for Trump's legislative agenda, The Post reported.
1 of 74 Full Screen Autoplay Close Skip Ad × Here's what President-elect Donald Trump has been doing since the election View Photos Trump has been holding interviews and meetings as they prepare to transition into the White House. Caption They have been holding interviews and meetings as they prepare to enter the White House. Jan. 19, 2017 President-elect Donald Trump and their wife, Melania, visit the Lincoln Memorial before the “Make America Great Again” concert. Jabin Botsford/The Washington Post Buy Photo Wait 1 second to continue.
Correction: The original version of this story said Carl Higbie was spokesperson for Great America PAC. An attorney for the PAC says Higbie's service ended Nov. 9.
More from Morning Mix
China tells Trump climate change is not a Chinese hoax
A ‘good Samaritan' saw a deputy being attacked by a Florida man so they fatally shot the assailant
Tom Hanks to America: ‘We are going to be all right'
Ilya Shapiro is a senior fellow in constitutional studies at the Cato Institute and editor-in-chief of the Cato Supreme Court Review. This essay is adapted from a brief they filed in support of Simon Shiao Tam's quest to register “The Slants” as a trademark.
Lee v. Tam asks whether an Asian-American rock band called The Slants can trademark and own their own name. The Slants are a group of artists, led by Simon Shiao Tam, who have formed an identity “to take on these stereotypes that people have about us, like the slanted eyes, and own them.” Some agree with The Slants' approach and some disagree, as is normal in a robust artistic marketplace. What's not normal is that the government has chosen sides in this debate, punishing The Slants for their choice of name by denying them federal trademark registration.
This punishment is the result of the “disparagement clause” in the federal trademark statute, the Lanham Act, which bars the registration of “matter which may disparage …. persons, living or dead, institutions, beliefs, or national symbols, or bring them into contempt or disrepute.” As artists know, the denial of trademark registration comes with severe negative consequences, because, to quote the Supreme Court in a 2015 case, the “benefits of registration are substantial.” Faced with this potential punishment, many artists, advocacy groups and businesses will simply choose a different name. The government's rule thus discourages some names and encourages others.
The court should make the jobs of the employees at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office much easier and put an end to the disparagement clause. Trying to stamp out “disparaging” speech is both misguided and unconstitutional. No public official can be trusted to neutrally identify speech that “disparages.” Moreover, disparaging speech has been central to political debate, cultural discourse, and personal identity for as long as this country has existed. For example, we recently concluded a presidential campaign in large part defined by pronouncements that large groups of people found to be personally disparaging.
Indeed, disparaging epithets long ago entered our political vocabulary, encapsulating criticisms more succinctly than any polite term ever could. Schoolchildren today learn that Millard Fillmore ran for president in 1856 as the candidate of the “Know-Nothing” Party; few adults could tell you the party's “real” name. Yet a hypothetical 1856 PTO would likely have denied registration to a group called “Defeat the Know-Nothings” (disparaging to American Party members), just as the real PTO has denied registration to “Abort the Republicans” (disparaging to Republicans), “Democrats Shouldn't Breed” (disparaging to Democrats), and a logo consisting of the communist hammer-and-sickle with a slash through it (disparaging to Soviets).
Political speech, including the right to criticize parties and politicians without government punishment, has been recognized by the Supreme Court as “at the core of our electoral process and of the First Amendment freedoms.” Questioning the character of our politicians is such a cherished American tradition that a member of the court recently engaged in it herself. Accordingly, denial of a statutory trademark right represents particularly egregious government action that violates the First Amendment.
But the suppression of political speech isn't the only problem arising from the disparagement clause. As this case shows, supposedly “disparaging” speech is often part of an effort to reclaim a word from its pejorative meaning; efforts like this have already had a profound influence on the development of many groups' identities. Jesuits, Methodists, Mormons, and Quakers owe their popular names to terms that were originally given to them in a disparaging context, and that have since been reclaimed. Without disparaging epithets, our vocabulary would be deprived of such terms as “cavalier,” “yankee,” “impressionist” (Renoir, not Rich Little), and “suffragette.” How did a donkey become the Democratic Party symbol? A political opponent labeled Andrew Jackson a “jackass,” so Jackson put the animal on campaign posters. An 1820s PTO might have stopped him.
More recently, the author of the bestselling “Hillbilly Elegy” narrated their escape from the hollows of Kentucky to help explain our populist political moment. Part memoir, part pop-sociology, J.D. Vance's 2016 book does for “hillbillies” – a term even Wikipedia considers to be derogatory – what David Brooks did for “bobos” (bourgeois bohemians) in the run-up to the 2000 election: explain in conversational, example-ridden terms an important yet disturbing slice of Americana.
Musical groups, in particular, often choose names exactly because they are “disparaging.” The Slits, the Queers, Queen, Pansy Division, N.W.A. (Niggaz Wit Attitudes), and the Hillbilly Hellcats – there's that word again – are just a few examples. Other bands, looking to push the envelope both musically and culturally, have chosen names such as the Sex Pistols, the Dead Kennedys, the Butthole Surfers, Rapeman, Snatch and the Poontangs, Pussy Galore, Dying Fetus, and many, many more.
Band names are also chosen to convey information about the music the group plays. It should come as no surprise that the Queers are not a Lawrence Welk cover band, the Revolting Cocks are not a string quartet, Dying Fetus does not play jazz standards, and Gay Witch Abortion would never open for Paul Anka. People who showed up to watch a band called Anal Cunt – yes it's real, but now defunct – knew they were probably not getting a cover of “Careless Whisper.”
Similarly, The Slants picked a name that, through its insouciance, expresses something about their music – and the government's jejune label of “disparaging” fails to capture the many levels of communication inherent in that name. Think about what would have happened had The Slants chosen a less controversial name, as the government apparently wishes they had? Suppose instead of calling themselves “The Slants,” the band had played it safe and called themselves “Four Asian-American Men Who Are Very Respectful of Our Diversity as a Nation.” Someone attending a show by such a band might well find it especially “destabilizing” to only then discover that the band's songs contain such lyrics as (in reference to a schoolyard taunt) “Chinese, Japanese, dirty knees, look at these.”
Further, the disparagement clause is unconstitutionally vague. Its application will always be unpredictable, because nearly any brand or term could be taken as disparaging by some portion of some group. Take the low-hanging fruit of Aunt Jemima, Uncle Ben, the Cleveland Indians' Chief Wahoo, the women in La Tortilla Factory, or even the Keebler Elves. Determining whether a term should be seen as disparaging is an incredibly complex endeavor that the government can't possibly be equipped to handle.
For example, one of the co-authors of my brief in this case is a cracker – as distinct from a hillbilly – who grew up near Atlanta, but they wrote this sentence, so we can get away with saying that. (But they only moved to Atlanta when they were ten and doesn't have a southern accent – and modern Atlanta isn't really part of the South anyway – so maybe we can't.) Another contributor is an Italian-American honky who's always wanted to play in a band called the Dagos, which of course would close every set with “That's Amore.” But, with only their great grandparents having come from Italy, is they dago enough to “take back” the term? I myself am a Russian-Jewish émigré who's now a dual U.S-Canadian citizen. Can I make borscht-belt jokes about Canuck frostbacks even though the first time I went to shul was while clerking in Jackson, Mississippi?
It gets complicated. And that's exactly the point.
The disparagement clause is a simple case of an unconstitutional condition placed on those who are considering the use of an edgy or taboo phrase as part of their brand identity. None of the government's justifications for an exception to this simple doctrine carries weight: Registering a trademark is not a public subsidy from limited funds or a government endorsement proudly displayed to the public.
The Supreme Court should recognize that trademarks are in no way official speech and reaffirm that the government may not put its thumb on the scale to push controversial viewpoints out of the public square. Everyone who sometimes finds themselves lumped into a “basket of deplorables” – now, that's a great band name! – should hope that the court lets the people judge for themselves what's derogatory.
Recommended Citation: Ilya Shapiro, Symposium: Niggling bureaucrats shouldn't be telling us what's “disparaging”, SCOTUSblog (Dec. 19, 2016, 3:14 PM), https://www.scotusblog.com/2016/12/symposium-niggling-bureaucrats-shouldnt-be-telling-us-whats-disparaging/
For the first time, both the Democratic and the Republican parties have included Internet freedom in their official platforms.1
What's more, President Obama just recently stated their support for Internet freedom in a Q&A on reddit.2
Now it's time for President Obama and Gov. Mitt Romney to kick their support for Internet freedom up a notch by signing the Declaration of Internet Freedom.
The Declaration of Internet Freedom is a vision for protecting Internet freedom for good. It was drafted by Internet advocates of all political persuasions who agree that the need to protect expression, access, openness, innovation and privacy online should transcend partisan politics. Since its release earlier this summer, the Declaration has been signed by 2,000 organizations and companies and translated into 70 languages.
President Obama's and Gov. Romney's signatures on this document would send a message that Internet freedom is a nonpartisan priority for this country. Take action to urge President Obama and Gov. Romney to sign the Declaration of Internet Freedom.
1. Alex Fitzpatrick, “Republican Party Adopts Internet Freedom as its Own,” Mashable, Aug. 29, 2012: http://mashable.com/2012/08/29/republicans-internet-freedom/
2. “I Am Barack Obama, President of the United States,” reddit.com, Aug. 29, 2012: http://www.reddit.com/r/IAmA/comments/z1c9z/i_am_barack_obama_president_of_the_united_states
It is no secret that Wade Phillips is a genius. They have a track record of finding under the radar guys and putting them in positions to maximize their potential and make an impact on their defense. The newest and for my money, most exciting piece that Phillips has to play with on the Rams Roster, also happens to be the shortest.
If you watched the Colts game you know who I am talking about, Lamarcus Joyner.  They are by no means a rookie or new face to the Rams organization but they have worked their way up the depth chart and caught the eyes of the new coaching staff enough to be given the starting nod in week 1. Coming in at 5 feet 8 inches tall and 184 pounds, Joyner is short but not small. With 31.5 inch arms and 9.5 inch hands, they bring above average length to the position. Athletically speaking they are no slouch either. Running a 4.55 40, jumping 37.5 inches and benching 225 14 times, Joyner has proven they have the measurable to make plays in the NFL. (I understand the 40 time may be a tick slower than you would want, but their vertical and shuttle times show they are quicker than fast, which in my book, is worth more in the NFL than straight line speed as a coverage guy) Wade Phillips moved Joyner all over the field and Joyner rewarded them by making plays. Was it a severely depleted colts offense? Yes, but they made the plays when they came to them and returned a pick for a TD, all the while looking ferocious in their tackle attempts and instinctive on their coverage snaps.
As World Water Day approaches, new Worldwatch Institute study examines global water use and steps to address water scarcity
Washington, D.C.—Some 1.2 billion people—almost a fifth of the world—live in areas of physical water scarcity, while another 1.6 billion face what can be called economic water shortage. The situation is only expected to worsen as population growth, climate change, investment and management shortfalls, and inefficient use of existing resources restrict the amount of water available to people, according to Worldwatch Institute's Vital Signs Online service (www.worldwatch.org). It is estimated that by 2025, 1.8 billion people will live in countries or regions with absolute water scarcity, with almost half of the world living in conditions of water stress.
Water scarcity has several definitions. Physical scarcity occurs when there is not enough water to meet demand; its symptoms include severe environmental degradation, declining groundwater, and unequal water distribution. Economic water scarcity occurs when there is a lack of investment and proper management to meet the demand of people who do not have the financial means to use existing water sources; the symptoms in this case normally include poor infrastructure.Large parts of Africa suffer from economic water scarcity.
World population is predicted to grow from 7 billion to 9.1 billion by 2050, putting a strain on water resources to meet increased food, energy, and industrial demands. But there are many other pressures, including increased urbanization and overconsumption, lack of proper management, and the looming threat of climate change. According to the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization and UN Water, global water use has been growing at more than twice the rate of population increase in the last century.
At the global level, 70 percent of water withdrawals are for the agricultural sector, 11 percent are to meet municipal demands, and 19 percent are for industrial needs. These numbers, however, are distorted by the few countries that have very high water withdrawals, such as China, India, and the United States.
Agricultural water withdrawal accounts for 44 percent of total water withdrawal among members of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), but this rises to more than 60 percent within the eight OECD countries that rely heavily on irrigated agriculture. In the four transitional economies of Brazil, Russia, India, and China, agriculture accounts for 74 percent of water withdrawals, but this ranges from 20 percent in Russia to 87 percent in India.
Policymakers must introduce a variety of measures to address global water scarcity. One important initiative is to support small-scale farmers. Much of the public investment in agricultural water management has focused on large-scale irrigation systems. Farmers can also use water more efficiently by taking a number of steps, including growing a diverse array of crops suited to local conditions and adopting irrigation systems like “drip” lines that deliver water directly to plants' roots.
Climate change will affect global water resources at varying levels. Reductions in river runoff and aquifer recharge are expected in the Mediterranean basin and in the semiarid areas of the Americas, Australia, and southern Africa, affecting water availability in regions that are already water-stressed. In Asia, the large areas of irrigated land that rely on snowmelt and high mountain glaciers for water will be affected by changes in runoff patterns, while highly populated deltas are at risk from a combination of reduced inflows, increased salinity, and rising sea levels. And rising temperatures will translate into increased crop water demand everywhere.
To combat the effects of climate change, efforts must be made to follow an integrated water resource management approach on a global scale. This involves water management that recognizes the holistic nature of the water cycle and the importance of managing trade-offs within it, that emphasizes the importance of effective institutions, and that is inherently adaptive.
Further highlights from the report:
Greens senator Lee Rhiannon has angrily rejected claims they derailed their party's school funding negotiations with the government after their own colleagues wrote a letter accusing them of betrayal.
In a significant escalation in the internecine warfare that has rocked the crossbench party this year, leader Richard Di Natale and eight of their MPs have signed a letter of complaint against Senator Rhiannon over their actions during delicate discussions with the government this month.
The letter has been sent to the party's powerful national council as part of a bid to rein in the rogue senator and their hard left NSW faction as divisions once again spill over into the public eye.
Senator Rhiannon on Sunday said they had not broken faith with the party nor betrayed anyone's trust.
Several months ago, I bought a fidget cube for someone who had anxiety issues. Initially, I was skeptical of the toy. After all, didn't we have worry stones that could be purchased for significantly less? Upon further examination, I found that the variety of tactile sensations were very satisfying. But of course, its simpler cousin overtook it: the fidget spinner. Much like how Pokémon Go took off last summer, this year the fidget spinner has taken center stage.
Like any fad involving children, they were brought into schools and used in classrooms. This has led to bans in certain schools due to their whirring noise and claims of distraction. It's also led to a series of essays interpreting the toy's success as a product of our current cultural context. Plenty of writers, far less charitable than me, have lambasted the toy as a product of a political and cultural climate that yearns for relief.
My view is rather different: fidget spinners are a cultural barometer, but it has more to do with the demand for the spinners than the spinners themselves. As marketed, they're meant to alleviate anxiety, which is now apparently rampant. Just as Stardew Valley appeals to those disillusioned with corporate monotony, the fidget spinner offers a portable sense of control.
Also disconcerting: experts are casting doubt on how effective the toys are for ADHD symptoms. This isn't a proof-positive condemnation, but it does call into question our willingness to search for a solution even if it leads nowhere. This doesn't even touch the vast amount of pseudoscience devoted to people on the autism spectrum. Given that spinners can be purchased relatively cheaply, it may not be too concerning.
But people won't care. They're going to be spinning away until the toy becomes unpopular. But by then there will be something else, another toy to take its place. It may live on in its own niche, but the time is limited. Until then, there is plenty of reason to keep the spinners whirring. A little of bit of control isn't inherently bad.
Hwang Pyong-so, right, the newly appointed director of the powerful General Political Bureau of the North Korean People's Army, attends a May Day celebration on Thursday at the Kim Jong Suk Pyongyang Textile Mill. [Rodong Sinmun]
Hwang Pyong-so, North Korea's first vice director of the ruling party's Organization and Guidance Department, replaced top military chief Choe Ryong-hae as the new director of the powerful General Political Bureau of Pyongyang's Korean People's Army.Hwang's appointment as the military's de facto No. 2 was confirmed by the North's official Korean Central News Agency yesterday amid speculation over Choe's dwindling public appearances.The KCNA reported that Hwang, 65, was introduced as the first deputy director of the ruling party's Organization and Guidance Department during their May Day speech on Thursday at the newly built workers' hostel at the Kim Jong Suk Pyongyang Textile Mill.Analysts have made light of the shift in military leadership after North Korean leader Kim Jong-un's ascent to power. Kim has now switched up all three top military positions with Hwang's appointment. The young commander also tapped Ri Yong-gil as chief of the General Staff of the Army last August and the relatively unknown Gen. Jang Jong-nam as minister of the People's Armed Forces last May.Hwang came into the public eye in the mid-2000s and emerged as a key close aide to Kim Jong-un after the death of their father, Kim Jong-il, in December 2011. They also became more prominent after the execution of Kim's powerful uncle, Jang Song-thaek, last December.Officials said Hwang was appointed during an April 26 meeting of the Central Military Commission, which was presided over by Kim.“Chinese authorities have put a lot of focus on Hwang since they emerged as the behind-the-scenes heavyweight last year following the purge of Jang Song-thaek,” a Chinese source said.Hwang was recently promoted as one of North Korea's six vice marshals, the second-highest functioning military rank, and has been seen accompanying Kim. Choe's public appearances, on the other hand, have decreased in recent weeks, with a few reports claiming that they may be in poor health.Choe, also a special envoy for Kim Jong-un to China and a vice marshal, had been considered the top military official, second only to the young leader, who is the supreme commander of the North Korean Army.Choe assumed the post of vice chairperson of the National Defense Commission on April 9. They have been regarded as part of Kim's right arm, especially with the sudden ouster of Jang. Choe is the son of Choe Hyon, a close aide to the regime's founder Kim Il Sung.“Hwang has for a long time supervised the military as a deputy director in the Organization and Guidance Department,” said Chon Hyun-joon, head of the Northeast Asia Peace and Cooperation Institute, “and with this kind of political organization, with someone responsible for supervising the army shifting into the general political bureau, a system where the party controls the army has been completed.”He also pointed out that Choe was appointed as vice chairperson of the National Defense Commission last month - indicating they have not been ousted.Hwang, a graduate of Kim Il Sung University, was a classmate of Kim Kyong-hui, who is the sister to Kim Jong-il and aunt to Kim Jong-un.BY SARAH KIM, JEONG YONG-SOO [sarahkim@joongang.co.kr]
The White House correspondent for Playboy Magazine—an adult entertainment publication—sprung up during Tuesday's White House briefing to airbrush the embattled CNN's reputation as the very fake news scandal embroiling the network received harsh treatment from Deputy White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders.
After Breitbart News's senior White House correspondent Charlie Spiering asked the White House for the president's thoughts on the very fake news scandal ripping CNN apart from the inside out. Playboy Magazine sprung to CNN's defense.
As Sanders hammered the media for its failures in the wake of the very fake news scandal's latest developments, Playboy's Brian Karem jumped in from the side of the briefing room to back up CNN. Karem said:
You're inflaming everybody right here right now with those words. This administration has done that as well. Why in the name of heaven? Any one of us, right, are replaceable. And any one of us, if we don't get it right, the audience has the opportunity to turn the channel or not read us. You all have been elected to serve for four years at least. There's no option other than that. We're here to ask you questions. You're here to provide the answers. And what you just did is inflammatory to people all over the country who look at it and see once again ‘the president is right and everybody else out here is fake media.' Everybody in this room is only trying to do their job.
MUST WATCH: White House reporter @BrianKarem pushing back against Sarah Huckabee Sanders and saying what many people have been thinking. pic.twitter.com/hW49e0tdWY — Yashar Ali 🐘 (@yashar) June 27, 2017
Sanders put the Playboy man right back in their place.
“I disagree completely,” Sanders said. “If anybody has been inflamed, it's the dishonesty that often takes place by the news media. And I think it is outrageous for you to accuse me of inflaming a story when I was simply trying to respond to their question.”
Sanders was originally responding to a question from Breitbart's Spiering, who asked Sanders to respond to the scandal engulfing all of CNN right now. Three of CNN's editorial staff have resigned, but the scandal is spreading quickly throughout the network. President, Donald Trump expressed joy earlier in the day via Twitter when they ripped CNN for all the very fake news it puts out.
Sanders, in response to Spiering's question, lit into the media as a disgrace to journalism whenever they print inaccurate information. Sanders said:
I think it's the constant barrage of fake news directed at this president, probably, that has garnered a lot of their frustration. You point to that report. There are multiple other instances where that outlet that you referenced has been repeatedly wrong, and had to point that out or be corrected. There's a video circulating now — whether it's accurate or not, I don't know, but I would encourage everybody in this room, and frankly everybody across the country, to take a look at it. I think if it is accurate, I think it's a disgrace to all media, to all journalism. I think that we have gone to a place where if the media can't be trusted to report the news, then that's a dangerous place for America. And I think if that is the place that certain outlets are going, particularly for the purpose of spiking ratings, and if that's coming directly from the top, I think that's even more scary, and certainly more disgraceful. And I hope that that's not the direction we're headed. I hope that outlets that have continued to use either unnamed sources — sometimes stories with no sources at all — we've been going on this Russia-Trump hoax for the better part of a year now, with no evidence of anything. Things like the success at the VA barely get covered. They may get covered for an hour at a time, but this story gets covered day in, day out, and I think America is frankly looking for something better. They're looking for something more. And I think they deserve something better from our news media.
Sanders also said they and the White House are not calling for reporters not to report on Russia's efforts to interfere in the election, but simply to make an effort to get their stories right and correct before rushing anonymously-sourced often-time-inaccurate misinformation to publication.
Sanders said in response to Spiering's follow-up question:
It's no secret that nearly all Intel Core processors are carved out of essentially one or two physical dies, be it the "2M" die that physically features four cores and 8 MB of L3 cache, or the "1M" die, which physically features two cores and 4 MB of L3 cache. The two silicons are further graded for energy-efficiency and performance before being assigned a package most suited to them: desktop LGA, mobile PGA, mobile BGA, and with the introduction of the 4th generation Core "Haswell," SoC (system on chip, a package that's going to be a multi-chip module of the CPU and PCH dies). The SoC package will be designed to conserve PCB real-estate, and will be suited for extremely size-sensitive devices such as Ultrabooks.The third kind of grading for the two silicons relates to its on-die graphics processor, which makes up over a third of the die area. Depending on the number of programmable shaders and ROPs unlocked, there are two grades: GT2, and GT3, with GT3 being the most powerful. On the desktop front (identified by silicon extension "-DT,") Intel very much will retain dual-core processors, which will make up its Core i3, Pentium, and Celeron processor lines. It will be leaded by quad-core parts. All desktop processors feature the GT2 graphics core.Haswell-H consists of mobile quad-core parts in the BGA package, which will go into making mainstream notebooks and probably all-in-one desktops and NUC. Chips of these kind make for the bulk of Intel's processor sales. These chips are naturally not replaceable on the notebook. Intel will release two kinds of Haswell-H chips, based on the two integrated graphics variants.The Haswell-MB consists of mobile chips in the replaceable PGA package, interestingly, Intel includes dual-core "1M" parts. Lastly, there's the SoC package (-ULT extension), which probably is the most expensive to make and sell, since it's a multi-chip module (MCM) of the CPU and PCH (chipset) dies. The package itself shouldn't be much bigger than Haswell-H (BGA), but conserves board footprint for a separate PCH chip, and a ton of wiring on the main board. There are no quad-core parts in this series, and they're graded on iGPU, and energy-efficiency. The most efficient one features the faster GT3 iGPU (since there's little room for discrete graphics) and just 10W TDP.Last and most interestingly, it's reported that Intel will indeed have an LGA1150 desktop processor based on its "Broadwell" 5th generation Core architecture, which makes perfect sense, given that Broadwell is essentially die-shrunk Haswell micro-architecture. Its silicon lineup is charted out much in the same way as Haswell.What's even more interesting, and reinforces the "desktop BGA apocalypto" theory, is the fact that there won't be a dual-core Broadwell processor in the LGA1150 package. So most entry- thru mainstream chips, which are dual-core, will be built in the BGA package. So for anyone with less than say $200 to spend on motherboard+CPU, motherboards with CPUs hardwired will be sold in the markets (much like graphics cards).
IT is quite extraordinary that the icon which is Mother Teresa is being defended by Delhi's chief minister, Arvind Kejriwal, a Hindu at that.
But Mr Kejirwal missed some relevant points, which could be summarized thus:
1) What did Mother Teresa really stand for?
2) Why do some Indians such as Navin Chawla, Prannoy Roy or Arvind Kejriwal, defend them so ardently?
Foremost one should say in defence of Mother Teresa that they certainly did saintly work. After all, there is no denying that it takes a Westerner to pick up dying people in the streets of Calcutta and raise abandoned orphans, a thankless task if there is one. Indians themselves, and particularly the Hindus, even though their religion has taught them compassion for 4000 years, have become very callous towards their less fortunate brethren.
This said, one may wonder: What did Mother Teresa really stand for? Was caring for the dying and orphaned children their only goal? Well, if you have observed them carefully over the years, you will notice that they did not say much. They did speak against contraception and abortion, in a country of more than one billion, where an ever growing population is spiking whatever little economic progress is made, where the masses make life more and more miserable, invading the cities, crowding their streets and polluting the environment; where for 60 years the Indian government has directed a courageous and democratic birth control programme (this must be said, for China has achieved demographic control through autocratic means).
What else did Mother Teresa say: they spoke of the dying in the streets of Calcutta, of course, of the poor of India left unattended, of the misery of the cities. Fair enough, but then it should have been pointed out to her, that they projected – and still projects though they are dead for many years now – to the whole world an image of India which is entirely negative: of poverty beyond humanity, of a society which abandons its children, of dying without dignity. OK, there is some truth in it. But then it may be asked again: did Mother Teresa ever attempt to counterbalance this negative image of India, of whom they were the vector, by a more positive one? After all they had lived here so long that they knew the country as well as any Indian, having even adopted Indian Nationality. Surely, they could have defended their own country? They could for example spoken about India's infinite spirituality, their exquisite culture, the amazing gentleness of its people, the brilliance of its children…
Unfortunately, Mother Teresa said nothing. For the truth is that they stood for the most orthodox Christian conservatism. There is no doubt that ultimately Mother Teresa's goal was utterly simple: to convert India to Christianity, the only true religion in their eyes.
Did you notice that they never once said a good word about Hinduism, which after all is the religion of 750 million people of the country they say they loved, and has been their religion for 6000 years. This is because deep inside her, Mother Teresa considered, as all good Christians do, particularly the conservative ones, Hinduism a pagan religion which adores a multitude of heathen gods and should be eliminated.
For making no mistakes about it, there has been no changes about the Christians or Protestant designs on India since they arrived with the Portuguese and the British.
Listen to what Lord Hastings, Governor General of India, had to say in 1813: “The Hindoo appears a being limited to mere animal functions…. with no higher intellect than a dog or a monkey”! Mother Teresa was much more clever than Lord. Hastings. They knew that on the eve of the 21st century, it would have looked very bad if they would openly state their true opinion about Hinduism: so they bade their time. But ultimately is not charitable work, whatever its dedication, a roundabout manner to convert people? For without any doubt the people they saved from the streets ultimately became Christians – and if you ask those “elite” Indians who knew them well, such as the photographer Raghu Rai, a great admirer of her, they always came out after some years with: “it's now time for you to embrace the true religion” (Rai politely declined).
The second point then is: why does India's intelligentsia, the Vir Sanghvis, Kejriwals, Chawlas and Sunita Sens, all of whom are born Hindus, defend her? These are intelligent, educated people, they must surely have had some inkling of Mother Teresa's true purpose. Or did they? Do Sanghvi and Sen, or Naveen Chawla, Mother Teresa's ever admiring biographer, understand what Mother Teresa really stood for? That they were someone basically hostile to their culture, their religion, their way of life? Does Sanghvi know that Hindu society has always been the target of Christians since their coming here? Do they understand that they and a thousand of their peers, who belong to the intellectual elite of India and keep praising Mother Teresa, even after their death, are doing harm to their country and opening it to its enemies? The Christian influence is very strong in India today, specially after the ten years in power of Sonia Gandhi: it shapes the minds of its young people, in a subtle way, through its schools, which many of the children of the rich attend. It moulds the thinking of the tribes it has converted, particularly in the North-East, where the missionaries have always covertly encouraged separatism (see the remarkable book “Indigenous Indians” by the Dutch Scholar Konrad Elst).
But ultimately it must be concluded that the Indian intelligentsia who defend Mother Teresa and are constantly attacking Hinduism, as Sanghvi or Kejriwal do, are a product of three centuries of English and Christian colonialism, which successfully created an Indian elite cut off from its roots and hostile to its own culture. Mother Teresa was an incarnation of Western post- colonialism and the Nobel Prize they got is their endorsement of their work,
As for the Indian government's stand on Mother Teresa, it is like biting one's own tail and it seems quite stupid. Why make Mother Teresa a national figure when they represented and still represents today the worst publicity for India at a time when the country is trying to shed its image of poverty and backwardness under Mr Modi's leadership? Surely Mother Teresa deserves praise for their work. But there are hundreds of other selfless, courageous individuals in India, who do not hog the limelight and go on with their service to the nation in true Christian humility. The deeds of Mother Teresa should be reviewed in their proper perspective. But then, when they died, the Indian government declared 7 days of mourning!
For making no mistake about it, the wonder that is India, its great culture, its philosophy, its inner spiritual genius is today under mortal threat. It is attacked both from within by its minorities – of which the Christian lobby, although not the most visible, is essentially hostile – see how they have cleverly raked up bogus attacks on Delhi churches and managed to put Mr Modi on the back foot, to the point that they had to attend the ‘canonisation' of two Indian saints – in the process they may make allies with the Muslims, the other monotheist religion, with whom they partake of the same hate for Hinduism. And from without, by hostile neighbours. And what will India become if the Mother Teresas' of this world, helped unwittingly by Sanghvi and their peers have the last word? It will lose what makes Them unique on this earth, different from all others, above most of them and become another Westernised, Christianised, standardised society, having lost its soul along the way. Thank you Vir Sanghvi , Arvind Kejriwal, Prannoy Roy, Shekhar Gupta, Navin Chawla !
François Gautier
Advertisements
Within the Star Trek universe, traveling across the galaxy is a breeze thanks to the famed warp drive. This fictional technology allows humans and other civilizations to zoom between star systems in days rather than centuries.
Such rapid travel times are impossible in the real world, because our best theory for the way the universe works, Einstein's special relativity, says that nothing moves faster than the speed of light.
While current rocket propulsion systems are bound by this law, plenty of hopeful engineers and physicists are working on concepts that might bring us a step closer to Star Trek's vision of racing across the cosmos.
“Currently, even the most advanced ideas behind interstellar travel entail trip times of decades and centuries to even the closest stars, due to the restrictions of special relativity, and our abilities—or lack of—to travel at an appreciable fraction of the speed of light,” says Richard Obousy, director and founder of Icarus Interstellar, a nonprofit dedicated to making progress toward interstellar flight.
“Being able to build starships with the capability to travel faster than the speed of light would open the galaxy for exploration and possible colonization by humans.”
Nuclear Engines
Distances in space are so vast that astronomers usually measure them in light-years, the distance light can travel in a year's time. A single light-year equals about six trillion miles.
The closest star to our solar system, Proxima Centauri, is 4.23 light-years away, so even traveling at the speed of light, a one-way voyage there would take 4.23 years. That may seem pokey, but it would be a huge improvement over current technology.
Right now, the fastest spacecraft headed away from Earth is Voyager 1, which is puttering along at about 38,600 miles an hour. At that rate, it would take more than 70,000 years to reach Proxima Centauri.
Still, various teams have proposed ways to at least reach a fraction of light speed and hasten our exploration of interstellar space.
Back in 1958, researchers at San Diego-based defense contractor General Atomics came up with Project Orion, which involved a spacecraft driven essentially by nuclear bombs. A controlled series of nuclear explosions would propel the ship at high speeds, rapidly carrying a hundred tons of cargo and eight astronauts to places like Mars and even the outer solar system.
View Images Faster propulsion technology would allow us to visit our galactic neighbors, like this satellite of the Milky Way known as the Large Magellanic Cloud. Photograph by NASA, ESA
Blueprints were also created showing how to adapt the technology for interstellar travel. However, all experimentation with this so-called nuclear-pulse propulsion came to a halt with the Nuclear Test Ban Treaty of 1963.
Announced earlier this year, the ambitious Breakthrough StarShot initiative represents a less explosive effort to undertake an interstellar mission. Run by a conglomerate of billionaires and big thinkers, including famed physicist Stephen Hawking, the project's goal is to send a flotilla of postage stamp-size spacecraft to Alpha Centauri, a triple star system that's 4.3 light-years away. (See “Is the New $100 Million ‘Starshot' for Real?”)
The tiny spacecraft would be attached to a thin light sail, a piece of technology that would allow mission managers to propel the probes with lasers shining from Earth's orbit. The lasers would accelerate the craft to 20 percent the speed of light, and the probes would arrive at their destination in roughly 20 years.
While many of the tiny travelers may never make it to Alpha Centauri, a few of them should survive and may even fly past any planets orbiting the far-off stars, beaming back data about these alien worlds.
“I'm incredibly excited to see private money being used to explore breakthrough ideas that may advance the field of interstellar flight,” Obousy says.
“I hope to see more like this in the future. While there are engineering challenges associated with the Starshot Initiative, none appear insurmountable.”
Warping Reality
Of course, the real breakthrough would be a true warp drive, which requires technology to catch up with our theoretical designs.
In 1994, Trek fans got a glimmer of hope from Mexican theoretical physicist Miguel Alcubierre, who came up with a radical theory of hyper-fast space propulsion that doesn't break Einstein's special relativity.
Instead of accelerating the spacecraft itself to light speed, why not bend, or warp, the fabric of space and time around the ship itself? Alcubierre presented calculations that produce a bubble in space-time in which one end is expanding and the other is contracting. A spaceship could, in theory, be carried along with the warp bubble and accelerated to velocities up to 10 times the speed of light.
While that sounds simple on paper, to make it work, we may need to harness exotic forms of matter, like antimatter, that for now are poorly understood. In addition, numerous unsolved issues plague the creation and control of a warp bubble, Obousy says.
“One such problem, for example, is the idea of causal disconnection, which implies that any spacecraft sitting within the bubble would not be able to ‘communicate' with the exterior of the bubble, suggesting that a ship would not be able to ‘turn off' the bubble once inside of it,” they note.
As is often the case in space travel, developing true interstellar travel like what we see in Star Trek will require significant changes in the cost and energy requirements.
“Currently, the amount of energy and money required to entertain the notion of manned interstellar travel is measured in large fractions of global output—specifically, tens of trillions of dollars, and energy measured on the scale of what many large countries use annually,” they say.
(John Kemp is a Reuters market analyst. The views expressed are their own)
By John Kemp
LONDON, Aug 7 (Reuters) - North America's shale drillers are struggling with the renewed slump in oil prices, despite cutting costs, boosting output, and in some cases employing hedging to improve realised prices.
Stock prices for most of the main shale drillers have fallen faster than the price of U.S. light crude since the middle of April.
Spot WTI has fallen 20 percent since mid-April but the share price of Pioneer Natural Resources has dropped 30 percent and Continental Resources is down almost 40 percent over the same period.
Both companies increased production during the second quarter. Pioneer produced 197,000 barrels of oil equivalent per day (boepd) in April-June, up from 194,000 in January-March, while Continental reported output of 227,000 boepd, up from 207,000.
Pioneer's production is mostly from the Permian Basin and Eagle Ford in Texas, while Continental's operations focus on North Dakota's Bakken and Oklahoma.
Both companies reported that drilling and completion costs had fallen by 20-25 percent compared with the end of 2014, they told analysts during conference calls held in the first week of August to discuss their earnings.
Both companies are drilling wells faster than ever before, in the best case in just 13 days, which means they can squeeze out extra efficiencies by drilling the same number of wells with fewer rigs, or more wells with the same number of rigs.
Both are speeding up drilling time and boosting output per well by focusing on the most prolific shale layers in the most productive areas.
Both expect to grow their production this year compared with 2014, by 10 percent in Pioneer's case and 19-23 percent for Continental.
Yet neither company made money in the second quarter. Continental's net income was basically zero while Pioneer posted a net loss of $218 million.
In some ways, the two companies have opposite philosophies and strategies: the fact both are struggling to cope with the renewed slump in prices illustrates the challenge all shale firms face and the lack of good options.
Pioneer points to its active hedging programme as a key source of competitive advantage that will enable it to weather the slump better than its rivals.
Pioneer has hedged 90 percent of its forecast 2015 oil production at an average price of $71 per barrel, and the company has already established three-way collars to protect around 75 percent of its forecast 2016 oil production.
By contrast, Continental lifted its 2015 hedges in October 2014, realising a profit at the time, but gambling on a rebound in oil prices which has not happened and leaving the company exposed to full extent of falling prices.
But the biggest difference lies in their attitude to prioritising production growth versus capital discipline in the face of lower oil prices.
GROWTH AND/OR DISICIPLINE?
Pioneer has repeatedly emphasised its determination to continue growing its output aggressively even if wellhead prices remain below $50 per barrel.
The company confirmed its plan to add two extra drilling rigs per month during the second half of 2015 and eight more in the first quarter of 2016.
Pioneer is targeting compound annual growth in oil production of more than 20 percent between 2016 and 2018 even if prices remain in line with the current futures curve.
Repeatedly quizzed by analysts about whether the company was targeting production or returns, the company insisted its wells were highly profitable even at current prices, so it wanted to drill as many of them as possible.
“Why don't you pursue more of a return strategy than a growth strategy?” one analyst wondered. But the company disputed the distinction and insisted it was maximising returns by growing volume profitably.
Faster drilling, cost reductions and hedging will enable the company to meet its production targets despite lower prices.
“Do you see yourselves as part of the global market share war that we're seeing in the industry and that you're just going to outrun it and survive?” one analyst asked.
“That's right,” replied Chief Executive Scott Sheffield.
Pioneer aims to use efficiency gains and smart hedging to survive the downturn even as others are forced to cut back.
“I personally think (Texas) shale oil will out survive LNG projects around the world, it'll survive new exploration projects, and they'll survive essentially all other shale plays in the U.S. in the Midland Basin,” Sheffield said.
“The world needs the Permian Basin. And so eventually supply-demand's going to reset. And the longer it stays lower, oil prices are going to bounce back even quicker”.
Pioneer foresees prices returning to the mid-$50s or even low $60s by the second half of 2016.
The company left just a glimmer of room for doubt. “We always get asked what commodity price would slow you down,” Sheffield explained. “If oil prices go to $40 and stay at $40 for the next 18 months, we'll most likely slow down. But as long as our hedge positions and the (futures) strip occurs, there's no reason at this point in time to slow down.”
The company would only make small losses this year at $40 and would hope to offset them by further efficiency improvements and cost reductions.
Where Pioneer focuses on profitable growth and outlasting competitors, Continental has repeatedly emphasised its disciplined approach to investment.
“We do not believe the current price environment is sustainable,” Continental's chief financial officer told analysts, “and we will remain patient awaiting better commodity prices before deploying additional capital .. Our efficiency and cost improvements are allowing us to do more with less capital.”
Chief Executive Harold Hamm warned bluntly: “I think the market rewarding people for jumping in, increasing production, rig count today in low commodity prices, I just don't see that as something that ought to be happening.”
“Let the market rebalance. These reserves and these resource plays are not going anywhere and we all have a long future and that's the kind of way we look at it here.”
Continental wants to use cost reductions and efficiency improvements to increase profits rather than grow output. It hopes to cut capital spending while maintain production roughly constant in 2016 at end-2015 levels.
The company told analysts it would be cash flow neutral in the second half of 2015 at WTI price of $60 while it would outspend cash flow by $150 million to $200 million at $50 per barrel.
The cash flow neutral price has come down sharply since the turn of the year and the company hopes to reduce it even more in the second half if necessary by squeezing costs even harder.
Continental could use any rise in prices or further cost savings to grow production in 2016, rather than leave it flat, but insists it is “committed to a disciplined approach”.
PRIORITISING PROFITS
The difference between Pioneer and Continental is one of emphasis as much as strategy, profitable growth versus cutting capital spending while maintaining output.
But the fact that both companies have seen their share prices pummelled over the last four months highlights the awkward position in which all shale producers are stuck. Recent price falls have eliminated the advantage they have wrought from cheaper costs and faster drilling.
Individually, it makes sense to concentrate on maintaining or increasing output while cutting costs, hoping other producers will reduce their output. But with all the shale firms pursuing variants of the same strategy and OPEC also increasing its production the strategy is collectively suicidal.
Yet there is no easy way to organise a collective output cut or even a slower rate of growth among the shale firms because of antitrust law. Some shale producers seem to be hoping for other producers to cut first, either voluntarily or because of the threat of bankruptcy.
The shale sector's problem resembles the difficulties which airlines had until recently, growing capacity without making a profit. The airlines eventually learned to prioritise profits over capacity, but only after years of pain. The shale sector appears to be at the start of a similar learning curve. (Editing by William Hardy)
The Document Liberation Project (DLP) announced the first release of libqxp, a library for reading QuarkXPress 3.3—4.1 documents. And this is one hell of a trip down the memory lane.
The initiative is a perfect fit for the project's agenda to implement support for as many legacy file formats as possible (see our earlier interview with Fridrich Strba et al.), although the timing is a bit of a puzzle.
History lessons
QuakXPress was once the king of desktop publishing, with reported 95% of the market share at its highest point. But corporate greed, overconfidence, and lack of vision pretty much killed it in early 2000s, and Adobe InDesign nailed its coffin.
A typical comment to the Ars article (linked above) on the subject looks like this:
We hated Quark, the program and the company. But of course we used it because it was ubiquitous. InDesign 1.0 wasn't great, but we were so desperate to move away from Quark that we slowly converted.
From many discussions on the web regarding Quark and Adobe it looks like QXP users mostly got their closure in 2003—2004, when Adobe's Creative Suite 2 arrived and settled in, although some sticked with Quark's software through v5 and v6.
Ever since Adobe introduced subscription-based model in 2013, there's a somewhat popular notion that Adobe is the new Quark and it's on the road to failure. However, after initial setback in 2013 and 2014, the company's financials have been steadily growing, in terms of both revenue, net profit, and net income. And since introduction of Creative Cloud in May 2013, Adobe's stock price is up by ca. 230%. So it looks like they need to try harder to fail.
Although Quark has been trying to bring back the former market share by any means deemed necessary, they haven't been very successful. The company eventually refocused on automating content creation, management, publishing, and delivery. There are very few businesses around that still run once popular QuarkXPress, let alone the versions from 15—20 years ago which DLP focused on. Which brings us back to the actual topic at hand.
What's in libqxp 0.0.0
The newly released first version of the library is the result of several months of work by Aleksas Pantechovskis, a student from Lithuania, who participated in the Google Summer of Code program this year (again).
Aleksas already had good track record with the Document Liberation Project. Last year, they wrote libzmf, a library for importing Zoner Callisto/Draw v4 and v5 documents.
In this initial release the libqxp library reads:
pages and facing pages;
boxes (rectangles, ellipses, Bezier);
lines, Bezier curves;
text objects, including linked text boxes and text on path;
font, font faces, size, alignment, paragraph rules, leading, tabs, underline, outline, shadow, subscript, superscript, caps etc.;
colors (including shades), gradients (linear, radial, rectangular);
line/frame color, width, line caps and corners, arrows, dashes;
object groups;
rotation.
Some rather important features like custom kerning and tracking aren't yet supported, because OpenDocument file format doesn't support those. But that's not much of an issue, according to Aleksas:
librevenge is just interfaces, so if there is another output generation lib instead of libodfgen for format that supports them, then it can use any attributes passed to it.
One big missing part in this release is support for image objects, because, Aleksas says, the picture format seems to be quite complicated.
Development of libqxp sits on top of reverse-engineering work started by Valek Filippov in OLE Toy in 2013 and continued by David Tardon and Aleksas in February 2017. Although libqxp sticks to ancient versions of QuarkXPress for now, OLE Toy can parse some of the data in QXP v6 and v8 (it's encrypted since v5), so this might change in the future.
LibreOffice has already been patched to open QXP files, this feature will be available in v6.0 (expected in early 2018). The library itself ships with the usual SVG converter which you are likely to find of limited use. Also, if all you need is extracting text, there's a perfectly sensible qxp2text converter as well.
Support in Scribus
One would rightfully expect Scribus to be the primary beneficiary from libqxp. But here is some background info.
First of all, the history between Quark and Scribus is rather hairy.
Initially, Scribus was pretty much modeled after QuarkXPress, and the two projects still share some similarities. Early in the history of Scribus, it made a lot of sense to introduce support for QXP files. Users got mad with Quark's continuous quirks and bad user support, they would jump ship at the very next opportunity.
Paul Johnson, former Scribus contributor, actually started working on support for QXP files in 2004. But after they had posted to a public mailing list about their progress, they reportedly received a cease and desist letter from Quark.
Scribus was nowhere near its current fame at the time, and even now it would not be able to handle legal expenses (save for a theoretical FSF intervention). Back then Paul just stopped working on that project.
Quark didn't quit monitoring Scribus though and continued tracking the progress of the project to the point where developers jokingly discussed blocking Quark's IP addresses range from accessing Scribus's source code repository (they reportedly had logs of that). Eventually Quark turned their attention towards more pressing matters like losing their market share to Adobe.
Today, much like LibreOffice, Scribus supports both ubiquitous file formats like IDML and bizarre ones like those by Calamus and Viva Designer. It even has support for Quark's XTG files. Getting a QXP importer would also perfectly fit Scribus's narrative.
The team is well aware of the libqxp project, they already have experience writing librevenge-based importers for Corel DRAW, Microsoft Publisher, Macromedia FreeHand etc. So it's likely just a matter of time till they introduce QuarkXPress importer.
Is there any closure left to get?
Orlando City has 13 matches left in the 2016 MLS campaign, and the Lions are currently tied with New England on points with a game in hand for the final Eastern Conference playoff spot. Let's take a look at five players crucial to the Lions making the playoffs.
We recently witnessed a small rebirth of Brek Shea in the New England match. Shea will need to continue to push forward and become dangerous in the attack -- the left back experiment is over and Kreis has made their decision to play them on the outside of the midfield. Shea looked potent in the attack as they were making runs inside and outside of the defense, and their play is going to be important because they need to be able make runs into open gaps in the defense and create 1-v-1 opportunities for their teammates in attack.
To win you have to score goals, and Cyle Larin has always been the guy for Orlando City, and they need to continue to bury their opportunities in front of goal as the season intensifies. The Canadian's play will be important as they will need to continue to chase long balls played over the top and hold balls played to their feet. The midfielders will need an outlet to relieve pressure and provide possession away from the defending third. Larin has the ability to create something out of nothing, and their natural born goal-scoring ability will be crucial to making the playoffs. The transfer rumors are intensifying for Larin and this might be our last chance to see them in an Orlando City shirt.
Molino Mania is here. Kevin Molino has been the heartbeat of this team. The departure of Adrian Winter left a hole in the squad in terms of work rate and Molino has lifted their game to another level over the last few games to fill that void. Molino is connecting the dots in the attack and they are crucial to breaking down back lines, but defenses will get tighter and the windows will get smaller for runs and space. Molino has the soccer IQ to make runs that stretch the back line, runs that open up space for Larin and Kaká to score. If there is a scramble in front of goal, Molino has been in the right place at the right time to score goals. During the playoffs it's about the grit and determination in the final third, and Molino will be key to creating and grinding out goals.
Hot goalkeepers can steal matches, and there hasn't been a more consistent player on the field than Joe Bendik for City. Many of the draws that Orlando City accumulated were because of timely saves by Bendik, and the Lions aren't even talking about making the playoffs without their play in goal. Orlando City has some tough games against Seattle and Colorado coming up and it will need Joe to be at their best. There will be a point where Orlando will need a game to be stolen, and Bendik will need to be the one to steal it.
Kaká
This goes as a no-brainer, but Kaká is going to be the most important cog in the machine for Orlando City -- their health down the stretch will be crucial to ensuring Orlando plays its best soccer in the final 13 matches. There is not another player on the roster that can play the center midfield position like the former FIFA World Player of the Year. Molino could be an option, but they don't provide the vision and play making ability that Kaká does. This team is better when the captain is on the field. There is no argument about it. The attack is more potent and Molino and Larin are put in better positions to score goals by the passes Kaká plays. Set pieces become extremely important in matches late in the season and Kaká is one of the best at taking them. Scoring off a set piece can be the difference in making the playoffs or being one point shy of the red line.
Who do you think is the most important person for Orlando City's playoff run? Vote below in our poll.
WASHINGTON (MarketWatch) -- Faced with the imminent expiration of a government subsidy for new buyers, U.S. home builders' mood turned more pessimistic again in October, a trade group reported Monday.
The National Association of Home Builders/Wells Fargo sentiment index fell to 18 in October from 19 in September. It was the first decline since June. The index bottomed at a record-low 8 in January; the index peaked at 72 more than four years ago.
The decline "will further boost worries about the sustainability of both the recent rise in housing investment and the rebound in prices we have witnessed," according to Drew Matus, an economist for Bank of America's Merrill Lynch.
Top economic events of the week
See economic calendar date report MARKETWATCH Consensus previous Aug. 13 Retail sales 0.2% 0.2% Aug. 13 Retail sales ex-autos 0.4% 0.4% Aug. 15 Producer price index 0.1% 0.4% Aug. 15 Empire state index 20.0 25.6 Aug. 15 Industrial production 0.3% 0.2% Aug. 15 Consumer sentiment 82.4 81.8
Economists surveyed by MarketWatch expected the index to rise to 20. See Economic Calendar.
All three components of the index fell for the first time in nearly a year. Read the full report.
At 18, the home-builders' index shows that only about one in six builders has a positive view of the housing market. Over time, the index is highly correlated with the government's data on starts on single-family homes.
The Commerce Department will report on September housing starts on Tuesday, with economists surveyed by MarketWatch looking for a small gain to about 607,000 seasonally adjusted annual units from 598,000 in August.
Starts of single-family homes have risen 34% since January after builders cut production far below the sales rate. Inventories of unsold homes have now fallen to a 16-year low.
But builders still have trouble on the supply side. It's taking a record amount of time -- nearly 13 months -- to sell a home after it's completed. Foreclosures and short-sales have boosted the supply of existing home on the market as well.
Plea for subsidy
The builders put all their hopes on Congress passing an extension or expansion of the program that gives first-time buyers up to $8,000 toward the purchase of a home. Buyers need to close the sale on a home before Dec. 1 to qualify.
The expiration of the refundable tax credit "could derail the fragile recovery in housing just as it is starting to take shape," said Joe Robson, a builder from Tulsa, Okla., who is chairperson of the contractors' trade group.
Not only are builders facing tough times getting financing to build or complete homes, they added, but also they're burdened by new, tougher rules for appraisals that require an independent view of home prices before mortgages can be underwritten.
Congress is considering legislation that would extend the tax credit. The Senate Banking Committee and the House Ways and Means Committee will hold hearings on the topic this week. There are several approaches being considered; the most likely is a bill in the Senate that would simply extend the current program through June 30.
Democratic leaders in both the House and Senate favor extending the subsidy, while the White House has neither pushed the idea nor is fighting it.
Critics of the tax credit say it is poorly targeted and wasteful, because many buyers who get the subsidy would have bought a home without it. Ted Gayer, co-director of economic studies at the Brookings Institution, figures extending the credit until June 30 would boost sales by 69,000, at a cost of $258,000 for each additional home sold.
Details
In September, the home-builder index rose in the tiny Northeast region, and fell in the other three regions. The index dropped four points in the West to 14.
Builders were more pessimistic about prospective buyers, and about current and future sales. The current sales index fell from 18 to 17. The future sales index fell from 29 to 27, the second straight decline. The buyers' traffic index fell three points from 17 to 14.
"Clearly, builders are experiencing the effects of the expiring tax credit on their sales activity, since it would be virtually impossible at this point to complete a new-home sale in time to take advantage of that buyer incentive before Nov. 30," NAHB chief economist David Crowe said in a statement.
They also allegedly threatened to kill them while brandishing a rifle. A SWAT team took them into custody.
You must sign in or register to continue reading content.
DARRINGTON — An armed 38-year-old man allegedly assaulted and threatened to kill their girlfriend on Sunday.
They were arrested around 9:30 p.m. after a SWAT team broke through their bedroom window in the Whitehorse neighborhood, just east of Darrington.
The pair had gone to a friend's house that night. The suspect reportedly became increasingly angry and hit their girlfriend in the face, said spokesperson Courtney O'Keefe with the Snohomish County Sheriff's Office.
They then left and reportedly returned about a half hour later with a .22-caliber rifle. They threatened to kill the woman, O'Keefe said.
They later returned to their house in the Whitehorse neighborhood, where the suspect also lives. As they were walking inside, the suspect allegedly came around the side of the house with an axe, O'Keefe said. They reportedly shoved the woman, and they ran.
Police arrived shortly after.
The suspect was booked into the Snohomish County Jail for investigation of second-degree domestic violence assault. The rifle was not located.
BLACKSBURG, Va. -- David Wilson was only kidding earlier in the week when, after learning they would get the ball on Virginia Tech's first offensive play, they said the team wouldn't need a second play.
Turned out, they were right.
Wilson ran 20 yards almost untouched for a touchdown on Virginia Tech's first offensive play, giving the No. 13 Hokies a quick lead on their way to a 66-13 victory against Appalachian State.
"He told me I was getting the first carry and I told them I didn't have to hear the second play because I was taking it to the grid," Wilson said of running backs coach Shane Beamer.
"But I didn't think that would really happen."
The touchdown was the first of three in the first half for the junior, their first game as the Hokies' starting tailback, and they finished with 162 yards on just 16 carries.
"That's the way to start the season off," they said.
Logan Thomas also was efficient in their first game as Tech's quarterback, throwing the first two touchdown passes of their career, and the Hokies' defense shut down the Mountaineers.
Appalachian State was outgained 291-61 in the first half before both teams began substituting freely.
The Hokies, who honored coach Frank Beamer before the game for entering into their 25th season as the head coach and then announced at halftime that he's signed a contract extension to keep them on the job through 2016, made sure they got their first season-opening victory in four years.
"A few more days like this and I'll have a few more years after that," Beamer said.
Wilson scored on runs of 20, 19 and 3 yards -- the first just 47 seconds into the game after Antone Exom recovered a fumble by Mountaineers quarterback DeAndre Presley at the 20.
Updated (10/19/2017, 4:52 p.m.) with statement from the university.
A graduate student at the University of Pennsylvania said administrators pulled them from the classroom over the use of a teaching technique, according to a set of messages on Twitter.
Stephanie McKellop, who uses they/them pronouns, wrote in a series of posts that are set to private that the university was going to condemn McKellop for using progressive stacking, a method aimed at offering marginalized students a greater chance at speaking in the classroom. McKellop, who is in the department of history, accused the university of caving in to the pressure of outside agitators.
“Hi Friends, the University of Pennsylvania is issuing a press release condemning me and my teaching practices. It comes out tomorrow,” McKellop wrote in one of the messages. “Because this involves calling on Black students more readily than white men, the white nationalists and Nazis were very upset.” The post containing the screenshots of messages was sent out on Wednesday night. In a different set of messages, McKellop wrote, “They did keep me from going to lecture with my students and they *cancelled* their classes with me this week.”
Steven J. Fluharty, dean of Penn's School of Arts and Sciences, said in a written statement that the university recognizes the importance of making sure marginalized students have a chance to speak, and that it is committed to providing “respectful work and learning environments for all members of our community.”
“The university's policies prohibiting discrimination are intended to reinforce our commitment to equity and inclusion,” they continued. “We are looking into the current matter involving a graduate-student teaching assistant to ensure that our students were not subjected to discriminatory practices in the classroom and to ensure that all of our students feel heard and equally engaged. Contrary to some reports, the graduate student has not been removed from the program, and we have and will continue to respect and protect the graduate student's right to due process.”
Academics on Twitter rallied around McKellop as another case of a university administration's bowing to outsiders rather than protecting its students or instructors. A similar criticism was made of Drexel University when it put George Ciccariello-Maher on leave after they received numerous hate messages and death threats, and was then pulled from the classroom. Some wrote letters for McKellop, while others expressed their support on Twitter. McKellop did not immediately respond to messages sent by The Chronicle on Thursday.
Nolan L. Cabrera, an associate professor of educational-policy studies and practice at the University of Arizona, offered an explanation of the term “progressive stacking.”
“In college classrooms,” they say, “it's very common for people of privileged social identities to dominate conversations.”
The technique was used in the Occupy movement, Mr. Cabrera says, and as they understand it, it isn't widely used in academic settings. Here's how the technique could play out in a classroom. A professor asks a question, and a number of students raise their hands. That's the stack. Typically, an instructor might call on students in the order their hands went up, Mr. Cabrera explains. If the professor instead uses progressive stacking, they or they might call on students from marginalized groups first.
The technique is sometimes misunderstood, Mr. Cabrera says. Some imagine it requires a professor to call on marginalized students who have not volunteered to speak, putting them on the spot. Others think it means not calling on white men. Progressive stacking is neither of those things, Mr. Cabrera says. It's simply “an acknowledgment that traditional pedagogical techniques have silenced marginal voices.” Ultimately, they add, it's not much different from something professors do frequently — asking to hear from students who haven't contributed yet, instead of allowing the same handful to dominate a class discussion.
By Markeece Young/YoungBLKRepub.com
Why am I a young Black Conservative Republican? All my life I have always been different. I wasn't easy to persuade and didn't think the same as others. People say I am an old soul. I grew up in a violent drug ridden neighborhood where it was easy to get caught up in a drug or gang culture. My mom moved us to a better safer community.
I have always been interested in history and political matters, but growing up I idolized Democrats like North Carolina native John Edwards and former President Bill Clinton. I was a strong Democrat supporter as a kid, but as I grew up I started to question the Democrat Party and why Blacks were so loyal to them. I found out that the Democrat Party was pro-slavery, pro-segregation and pro-abortion. That the Democrat Party sterilized Blacks so they wouldn't have more children. As a child I asked why would anyone support the Democrat Party? I asked my elders they had no answers!
By the 7th grade it all changed and I read every single presidential book in the library, about 65, and I said to myself my morals and beliefs fit more with the Republican Party. During the 2008 presidential election, I knew Barack Obama was a fraud so I supported Senator John McCain (R-AZ). I was called “White” just for questioning Obama's qualifications. In 2010, I finally became a Republican my first-year student year in high school. I wasn't really involved in any politics but on November 2, 2010 – election day and my 15th birthday – I heard about the Tea Party winners. I had always had an interest in colonial and Constitutional issues so when I saw the Tea Party patriots beating the drums, marching in the streets for liberty and freedom, I knew the Tea Party and the Republican Party was for me!
I did not get involved until 2012 and decided to come out as a black conservative and didn't care what people said. I was a top volunteer in North Carolina at the age of 16, which was the only swing state Mitt Romney won. Today, I fight so hard to get other blacks to be independent and to think for themselves. I do a lot of youth minority engagement and broke through to lifelong Democrats which is why I believe God gave me a gift to change minds and touch hearts. This is my calling.
Originally posted at YoungBLKRepub.com with permission to edit/post.
Markeece is a college first-year student.
Please follow them on Twitter @YoungBLKRepub
Chinese authorities have purged the internet of over 200,000 posts and 40 websites that reference disgraced Communist Party leader Bo Xilai and their wife, who have been embroiled in a scandal involving the murder of British business person Neil Heywood.
Xinhua, the official state media agency, issued a brief three-line announcement about the crackdown on Thursday, as Chinese authorities attempted to control online speculation about the sacking of Bo and their wife Gu Kailai, a suspect in Heywood's murder, Agence France Presse reported.
A week ago, Chinese authorities announced they were shutting down 16 websites and had detained six people for “fabricating or disseminating online rumors,” according to a release by the State Internet Information Office, Bloomberg Businessweek reported.
Bo was the Communist Party leader of the Chongqing municipality, and had been considered a strong contender for a position in the upcoming once-a-decade national leadership transition. They were ousted from their post.
Heywood, who was close with Bo, died of over-consumption of alcohol according to their death certificate, but was reportedly cremated without an autopsy, GlobalPost reported. Gu has been detained as a murder suspect.
More from GlobalPost: Bo Xilai's wife, Gu Kailai, suspected in murder, China says
China's weibos, Twitter-like microblogs that are wildly popular in the country, have been abuzz with speculation over the dual scandals, according to AFP. China is the world's most active online population, with 485 million internet users and 300 million registered micro-bloggers, Zhang Xinsheng, an official from the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, told Bloomberg.
The widespread internet use has made it increasingly difficult for the government to censor information, and many users have found ways to circumvent the online crackdowns, such as referring to the political scandal as “the major news” to avoid being censored, according to Voice of America.
“If people put together a bunch of words that are normally fine, it is just much more difficult to track," the founder of Chinese media monitoring website Danwei.org Jeremy Goldkorn told Voice of America. "Because you cannot use filtering or software to track them. If they do not mention somebody's name [or] they do not mention any of the 'bad words,' [then] the speed of Weibo does allow these things to spread."
More from GlobalPost: China's Bo Xilai sacked as Communist Party leader in Chongqing
However, some commentators are more surprised that the online buzz around Bo was allowed to go on.
"Even as Beijing once again asserts its heavy hand over the Chinese web, many are wondering why it waited so long," wrote Bloomberg reporter Dexter Roberts. "Indeed, more notable than the latest crackdown has been the surprising openness allowed over the past month."
[View the story "China's web users abuzz about Xilai scandal despite crackdown" on Storify]
Aaron Pico, who was announced as having signed with Bellator in late 2014 with the idea they would debut after making an attempt for the Olympic team in wrestling, came as close as could be without making it.
Pico went down to the wire in the 65 kilogram tournament final, losing the third match in a best-of-three series via criteria decision to former NCAA champion Frank Molinaro on Saturday.
Pico, who is 19, was attempting to become the first teenager to make the U.S. freestyle Olympic team since Jimmie Jackson in 1976. They had split the first two matches in the best-of-three finals with Molinaro. A four-point takedown with momentary back exposure in the first round was the difference in Molinaro getting their hand raised when the two tied 4-4 in the third match. Under international freestyle rules, in the case of a tie, the wrestler who had the highest scoring move during the match is the first tie breaking criterion.
Pico was the aggressor in all three matches, but Molinaro countered effectively, particularly scoring on a Pico takedown attempt in the second match that was the difference. Neither Pico nor Molinaro were favored to reach the finals in what was considered the most loaded weight class in the tournament.
Molinaro had an amazing tournament, beating two of the best U.S. college wrestlers of the past decade, former Hodge Trophy winners Brent Metcalf and Logan Steiber, before facing Pico in the finals in a loaded division.
Molinaro first beat tournament favorite and multi-time national team member Brent Metcalf via criteria decision after the two went to a 3-3 score. They followed beating four-time NCAA champion Steiber, considered the best wrestler in Ohio State University history, due to having the highest scoring move after the two finished at 5-5 in their semifinal match.
Pico had one of the most amazing matches of the tournament, falling behind Dylan Ness 9-0, coming one point from losing their shot at making the Olympic team since a ten-point differential in amateur freestyle is a tech fall. Pico came back to score 20 unanswered points and tech fall Ness. Pico followed beating two-time NCAA champion Jordan Oliver.
In the first match between Pico and Molinaro, Pico scored a takedown with 23 seconds left to win 4-2.
The second bout saw two key moves lead to Molinaro winning. They had the switch in a scramble off a Pico takedown attempt, as well as, after a restart, Molinaro took a shot right at the whistle, which seemed quick and Pico appeared not to be set. That made the difference in an eventual 4-3 win.
Molinaro, the No. 9 seed, who wrestled for Cael Sanderson at Penn State, winning the 2012 NCAA title, didn't automatically qualify for the Olympics. The U.S. hasn't qualified the weight class yet. Molinaro would have to qualify by placing in tournaments either on April 22-24 in Mongolia or May 6-8 in Turkey.
Pico was called by longtime MMA trainer "Crazy" Bob Cook as the single greatest prospect he'd seen in the sport. While growing up, Pico had won tournaments in both boxing and Pankration, and was the cadet world champion (17-and-under) in wrestling. They decided against competing in scholastic wrestling after being considered arguably the best high school wrestler in the country while only a first-year student in winning the state title in California. From that point, instead of competing in high school or college, their goal was the 2016 and 2020 Olympic team.
But when signing with Bellator, the indication was they would start in MMA starting in 2016, either after the Olympics or failing to make the team.
Also winning the tournaments on Saturday, before 11,066 fans in Iowa City, were Tervel Diagnev at 125 kilos in freestyle; Kelsy Campbell (58 kilograms), Elena Pirozkhova (63 kilograms) and Tamyra Mensah (69 kilograms) in women's freestyle; and Jesse Thielke (59 kilograms), RaVaughn Perkins (66 kilograms), Ben Proviser (85 kilograms) and Josef Rau (98 kilograms) in Greco-Roman wrestling.
A Decade of ESPN Sunday Night Baseball: Is It Really Always Red Sox/Yankees?
Reddit 5 366 Shares
“In this world nothing can say to be certain, except death, taxes, and Red Sox vs. Yankees on ESPN Sunday Night Baseball” – Benjamin Franklin
It's a familiar refrain. Every Sunday night during the baseball season, fans of small-market and medium-market teams alike take to the Internet to express their continued frustration that Sunday Night Baseball is ALWAYS THE SAME TWO TEAMS UGH I'M SICK OF WATCHING JUNICHI TAZAWA PITCH TO MARK TEIXEIRA and so on. I'm certainly guilty of complaining about this apparent lopsidedness as well, and if you follow us on Twitter, you've probably seen us tweet about it once or twice.
“After the tension and majesty of a World Cup playoff we send you to the 863rd installment of Yankees vs. Red Sox on Sunday Night Baseball” — Cespedes Family BBQ (@CespedesBBQ) June 29, 2014
Eventually, I decided that instead of complaining, I would actually go back and see if there's any truth to the general assumption that Boston and New York dominate Sunday Night Baseball. IMDB, of all places, turned out to be the fastest way to find a log of all the Sunday Night Baseball games over the years. A few Excel spreadsheets later…
since the beginning of 2005, nearly 13% of ESPN Sunday Night Baseball games have been Red Sox vs. Yankees — Cespedes Family BBQ (@CespedesBBQ) August 4, 2014
Recently, I decided to delve into this ten-year sample of Sunday Night Baseball to see what other patterns emerged. Surely, the Red Sox and Yankees weren't the only large market teams to be grossly over-represented, and I wanted to see just how rare it is for a small-market team to appear on what is supposed to be the premier “Game of the Week”.
Each season, there are somewhere between 23 and 26 ESPN Sunday Night Baseball games. Since the beginning of 2005, there have been 248 SNB games. Throughout these 248 games, all but two teams have been represented at least once.
Let's take a look at the bottom of this nationally televised barrel. Two teams, Seattle and Toronto, have not appeared once on Sunday Night in the last decade. Seattle's drought is about a month longer than Toronto's, with the Mariners' last Sunday night appearance coming on June 6th, 2004 at home against the Chicago White Sox. Some fun facts about that game:
Yeah. That's Jolbert Cabrera, by the way.
Toronto's last ESPN Sunday Night Baseball Game came on July 18th, 2004 on the road against the Texas Rangers. Some fun facts from that showdown:
23-year-old rookie Alex Rios went 4-4 with two doubles for Toronto
went 4-4 with two doubles for Toronto 39-year-old Kenny Rogers made the start for Texas
made the start for Texas Buck Showalter was managing the Rangers
was managing the Rangers Rangers outfielder Brad Fullmer hit the last home run of their major league career
hit the last home run of their major league career Michael Young started at shortstop
The Marlins' only SNB appearance over the last decade was on September 18th, 2005 at home against the Philadelphia Philles, a game in which 38-year-old Kenny Lofton batted 2nd for the Phillies and 38-year-old Jeff Conine went 3-3 with three walks for the Fish (note: this was the only time in Conine's 17-year career that they reached base six times in one game). Other notable SNB droughts include…
Pittsburgh made two SNB appearances in 2014 after their exciting 2013 campaign, but before that, they hadn't been on since May of 2002. You get the point. It's been a pretty long time for some of these teams!
Here's a breakdown of total appearances that includes home/road splits:
While the Yankees lead in total appearances, Boston leads in hosting the ESPN crew with an astonishing 24 Sunday Night home games, most likely because Fenway Is Old And Has So Much History Wow Look At That Giant Irrational Green Wall In Left Field. The Rockies haven't hosted a Sunday Night game since April of 2000, when they beat the Cardinals 14-13.
This delicious-looking pie chart shows the match-ups that have occurred most often on Sunday Night Baseball.
About a quarter of the time, you can expect to see one of these five match-ups. It's not always Yankees vs. Red Sox, but it's often something similar! RIVALRIES N' STUFF.
A few weeks ago, ESPN announced its early season schedule for the 2015 edition of Sunday Night Baseball. Hold on to your seats, folks. They're really mixing it up this year.
…or nah.
I know that ESPN often televises games on Mondays and Wednesdays that are more likely to showcase smaller market teams. Additionally, as Craig Calcaterra points out, the bigger problem with Sunday Night Baseball isn't the teams that are being shown, but rather the lackluster broadcast crew that accompanies the game.
However, I do believe the Sunday Night game means a little more than the average regular season game. Unlike the nationally televised Monday and Wednesday night games, there are no other games being played on Sunday nights. The baseball world is forced to turn their attention to one game, at ESPN's disposal. I understand that ESPN is in the business of getting ratings, and thus are always going to favor the large-market clubs for their nationally televised games. It's not really ESPN's job to expose the national audience to some of the game's biggest superstars that happen to play for smaller-market teams. It's just frustrating seeing Dustin Pedroia in the spotlight for the 5th time of the season when superstars like Felix Hernandez, Jose Bautista, Troy Tulowitzki, and Paul Goldschmidt have no chance at their fifteen seconds of Sunday Night fame. Fans are keenly aware of their teams' consistent absences from this weekly national showcase, let alone ESPN's general tendency to ignore smaller-market teams in their everyday MLB coverage.
Looking ahead, it doesn't look like anything is going to change anytime soon. I'm holding out hope that we see Seattle or Toronto — two teams that are geared up to compete for a division title — at least once this year on a Sunday night. For now, the ESPN Sunday Night Baseball machine rolls on, live from Yankee Stadium or historic Fenway Park. “And Brett Gardner steps in…”
Special thanks to Bailey Bowers for helping compile the data.
Pin 100 120 Shares
These days, you are what you show online. With a constant flow of family pictures and Saturday night shenanigans, your Facebook profile might not be very distinguishable from your offline presence. This may not matter so much in a bubble with your friends and family, but you should think about the rest of your social media universe, as well.
You can shape your social media presence to show the best, most professional you to your field. Here are 4 reasons to curate social media presence carefully.
1. Your Social Media is an Open Book
Whether it's potential employers, network members, or collaborators, your social media brand will likely be one of the first things that turn up. You want them to see a clear, engaging portrait of you—one who doesn't use sloppy language, send questionable pictures, or behave inappropriately. We all have stuff we're not especially proud of, but those things are best kept in a private account completely unlinked to your professional account, or maybe a folder marked “please burn.”
2. It's an opportunity to clean house.
If you do have unprofessional content floating around your social media or want to show that your goals have evolved beyond “being president someday or something,” going in with a focused eye can help you keep content that shows who you are and where you want to go and get rid of clutter that doesn't relate to your career goals now. It can also give you a sense of who's coming and going from your social networks and sharing your content.
3. You Can Find a Relevant Audience
Once you've figured out what you want your social media brand to say about you, that can help you find your community and build your voice in that community. Finding like-minded people and sharing content and opinions are a brand-builder, if you have your base brand settled.
4. You're Able to Take Control of Your Destiny
When you build your public social media brand, you get to set the tone and establish a theme across your accounts. Whether that's coordinating colors or making sure that your own personal logo appears wherever you do or making your visual content (pictures, infographics, etc.) look similar, you want people to associate your content with you.
Who are you, and what do you want to do? It's all in your (virtual) hands.
Pin 100 120 Shares
Plus: Lady Gaga places two albums inside the top 10, following their Super Bowl halftime show.
Big Sean nabs their second No. 1 on the Billboard 200 albums chart, as I Decided. debuts atop the list, earning 151,000 equivalent album units in the week ending Feb. 9, according to Nielsen Music. Of that sum, 65,000 were in traditional album sales. I Decided. was released on Feb. 3 through G.O.O.D./Def Jam Recordings.
The Billboard 200 chart ranks the most popular albums of the week in the U.S. based on multi-metric consumption, which includes traditional album sales, track equivalent albums (TEA) and streaming equivalent albums (SEA). The new Feb. 25, 2017-dated chart (where Big Sean debuts at No. 1) will be posted in full to Billboard's websites on Tuesday, Feb. 14.
Big Sean previously led the chart with their last album, 2015's Dark Sky Paradise, which bowed with 173,000 units and 139,000 in traditional album sales. The new album also grants the hip-hop star their fourth top five-charting solo effort (and as one-half of the duo Twenty88, they notched another top five set with the act's self-titled debut in 2016).
As expected, Lady Gaga's Joanne album roars from No. 66 to No. 2 with 74,000 units (up 818 percent) and 48,000 copies sold (up 1,054 percent). The former No. 1 album gains following Gaga's Super Bowl halftime show performance on Feb. 5, where they played six of their hits, including the Joanne single “Million Reasons.” Elsewhere in the top 10, Gaga's The Fame re-enters the tally straight in at No. 6 with 38,000 units (up 986 percent) and 17,000 copies sold (up 1,920 percent). They also bounce back onto the list with Born This Way (No. 25 with 17,000 units; up 1,117 percent) and ARTPOP (No. 174 with 5,000 units; up 420 percent).
Back in the top 10, Migos' Culture dips from No. 1 to No. 3 in its second week, earning another 68,000 units (down 48 percent).
Reba McEntire's first inspirational album, Sing It Now: Songs of Faith & Hope, starts at No. 4 with 54,000 units (52,000 from traditional album sales). The arrival grants the country superstar their 10th top 10-charting set on the all-genre Billboard 200 chart, and a 13th leader on the Top Country Albums chart. Sing It Now also launches at No. 1 on the Top Christian Albums chart – McEntire's first entrance on that tally.
The Weeknd's Starboy falls one position on the Billboard 200 to No. 5 with 47,000 units (down 7 percent) and, below Gaga's The Fame at No. 6, Bruno Mars' 24K Magic is steady at No. 7 with 32,000 units (up 2 percent).
The original Broadway cast recording of Dear Evan Hansen makes a splashy debut in the top 10, as it arrives at No. 8 with 29,000 units (25,000 from traditional album sales -- all from downloads). It's the highest debut on the chart by a cast recording since 1961, when the original Broadway cast recording of Camelot bowed at No. 4 on the mono albums chart (before Billboard combined its then-separate mono and stereo charts into one all-encompassing albums chart in 1963). Indeed, Dear Evan Hansen even outpaced the debut chart position of the successful Hamilton: An American Musical album, which bowed at No. 12 (later peaking at No. 3).
Dear Evan Hansen was released to digital retailers and streaming services on Feb. 3 through Atlantic Records (the same label that released Hamilton). The album's CD edition will arrive to retailers on Feb. 24.
Dear Evan Hansen also logs the third-largest debut sales week for a cast recording since Nielsen Music began electronically tracking sales in 1991. It follows only the debuts of Hamilton: An American Musical (28,000; in 2015) and Rent (43,000 in 1996).
Remarkably, Dear Evan Hansen is just the fourth cast recording to reach the top 10 of the Billboard 200 in the last 50 years. In that span of time, the only cast albums to visit the region, before Dear Evan Hansen, were: Hamilton (No. 3 in 2016), The Book of Mormon (No. 3 in 2011) and Hair (No. 1 for 13 weeks in 1969).
Dear Evan Hansen opened on Broadway at Music Box Theatre on Dec. 4, 2016, following preview performances that began on Nov. 14. The show stars Ben Platt (of the first two Pitch Perfect films) and its music and lyrics were written by Benj Pasek and Justin Paul. Pasek and Paul also wrote the bulk of the lyrics for the songs in the movie La La Land, which earned the duo a pair of Academy Award nominations for best original song (“Audition” and “City of Stars”).
Post Malone's Stoney is a non-mover at No. 9 with 27,000 units (up less than 1 percent).
Rounding out the top 10 is the latest streaming-only compilation: The RCA-List, Vol. 4. It starts at No. 10 with 26,000 units — all from streams. The 36-song effort features a bevy of singles from the RCA label, including many that aren't found on albums by the various songs' respective artists.
This page covers everything you need to know about extra tall office chairs for tall people. As with other manufactured objects, office chairs tend to be too small for tall people. This can be rather uncomfortable. Worse, it can gradually lead to injury. The solution is to either get a more suitable office chair or modify an existing office chair for tall people. Raising your desk and monitor to suitable heights is also important. All this is covered on this page. But if you want to cut to the chase, then check out the four items below. These can vastly improve workstations and office chairs for tall people.
Adjustable Height Monitor Stand Stackable Desk Risers Large Herman Miller Aeron Office Chair 4″ Casters to Raise Office Chair
Finding Tall Office Chairs for Tall People
A tall office chair for tall people should have a higher seat, a longer seat pan, a taller back, and a larger and higher lumbar curve. That's right, the most luxurious chair in the world is trash to us unless the measurements suit us. The question is: Where do you find a tall friendly chair?
If you search the web for tall chairs for tall people, you might initially get your hopes up; there are tons of listings. What you'll quickly notice though is that these are all about chairs for big and tall people, not simply tall people. And in reality, these are primarily intended for people who are moderately big and moderately tall (slightly over-sized people). This being said, tall people may still somewhat prefer big and tall chairs over standard office chairs. Below are a few big and tall office chairs.
Large Herman Miller Aeron Office Chair AmazonBasics Big & Tall Executive Chair KILLABEE Big and Tall Gaming Chair
Of all the big and tall chairs out there, the Herman Miller Aeron Large (C) is probably the best office chair for tall people. It is said to be suitable for heights up 6′6″. And in fact, it is the chair that is mentioned the most in the various tall forums. I myself (6′7″) have sat in one and thought it fairly decent. These chairs have a plethora of adjustments, and perhaps this is why they can accommodate a wide variety of body shapes and sizes.
And what about office chairs specifically for tall people, you ask? I've searched and searched and have only come across one chair that claims to be specifically for tall people (drafting chairs don't count!). That is the BodyBilt Stretch Ergonomic Chair (J2509 and J3509). It is intended for people 6′ and up, but no upper height limit is specified. Reviews are hard to find and I haven't personally tested this one out. But the specifications do look good.
BodyBilt Stretch J2509 Tall Office Chair
Yet another option, if you have the cash, is a custom office chair for tall people. There are a variety of companies that say they can do custom. Most of the time, however, this is more to do with materials and minor tweaks and not overall dimensions. An exception is Life Form Chairs, who claim they can do custom sizing. If you're looking for the ultimate tall office chair, this might just be the way to go.
Modifying Office Chairs for Tall People
If you can't find a suitably tall office chair or you simply don't want to shell out the dough, you might instead consider modifying your existing office chair for tall people. There are a few different modifications you can make:
Raising the Seat
The most straight forward modification is to increase the seat height. The easiest way to do this is with extra large casters, including the 4″ ones below. But if this doesn't get you enough additional seat height, then another option is to swap in a longer cylinder. These can be found in a variety of lengths all the way up to drafting stool size.
4″ Casters to Raise Office Chair Drafting Chair Cylinder for Extremely Tall People 3” Rollerblade Office Chair Casters
Using Back Supports
The curvatures of standard chair backs don't match up well with the taller persons natural spinal curvatures. In particular, lumbar supports are too low and not big enough. One solution is to use something like an Obis Form. While these too are designed for average height people, you might be able to adjust it to suit your back. There are also inflatable bladders that offer more adjustability. And of course a simple pillow can also often do the trick.
Obus Forme Back Support
Rebuilding Office Chairs for Tall People
If all of the above fails you, you might consider rebuilding a standard office chair to make it tall friendly. It is often possible to remove the seat pan and re-position it further forward or swap in a custom built one. Similarly, an entirely new back can be fashioned. I actually took a shot at a custom chair back myself. It consisted of a sheet of plywood, some high density insulation I carved to suit my spine's curvatures, some carpet padding, and a canvas covering. It was a rather interesting project I'll tell you more about in a future post.
Desks for Tall People
The best tall office chairs for tall people in the world won't do you much good if your desk is too low. And as with chairs, desks tend not to be made for tall people. But desks are even easier to raise than chairs. There are all kinds of risers out there, or you can hack it with some 2x4s or cinder blocks. And of course there are sit stand desks too with loads of adjustability. Yet another option is to simply put a raised platform on top of your desk for your mouse and keyboard. Similarly, there are all kinds of monitor stands and arms out there to raise your monitor.
In general, there are endless ways for the tall person to get their joints into an ergonomically suitable configuration, you just have to find one that works for you. My own personal favorite setup is a DIY drafting stool coupled with a DIY standing height desk, allowing me to move quickly back and forth between sitting and standing, for cheap!
Cantilevered Desk Raiser Adjustable Height Monitor Stand Sit Stand Desk Riser Stackable Desk Risers Adjustable Sit-Stand Desk: 30.6″ to 50.6″
Basic Computer Ergonomic Recommendations for All Heights
This final section covers some basic computer workstation ergonomic recommendations that apply to all people regardless of height. These consider the whole desk/chair/monitor/keyboard and mouse setup as if just one element is poorly positioned, injury becomes far more likely.
Hands, wrists, and forearms are straight, in-line, and roughly parallel to the floor
Head is level or tilted slightly downwards, forward facing, and balanced. Generally it is in-line with the torso
The monitor should be positioned between sixteen and twenty-eight inches from the face and such that the center of the monitor is slightly below fifteen degrees from horizontal. Make sure the top of the monitor is not above eye level
Shoulders are relaxed and upper arms hang normally at the side of the body
Elbows stay in close to the body and are bent between ninety and one hundred twenty degrees
Feet are fully supported by the floor
Back is fully supported with appropriate lumbar support when sitting vertical or leaning back slightly
Thighs and hips are supported by a well-padded seat and generally parallel to the floor
Knees are about the same height as the hips with the feet slightly forward
There's a variety of schools of thought on how computer workstations should be set up. As an example, below are some common points (United States Department of Labor's Occupational Safety and Health Administration and Canadian Centre for Occupational Health and Safety).
Finally, we would all do good to remember that sitting all day, regardless of the chair, isn't good for us. A static posture is hard on the joints as well as the cardiovascular system. Tall people face enough additional health hazards as it is, so let's get up and put those long limbs to good use!
Never mind the names of the champions at the Swimming World Championship, taking place in Kazan, Russia. The one-person most likely to capture the interest of everybody there is a 10-year-old Bahraini girl who is competing.
All eyes will be Alzain Tareq - from Bahrain - will become the youngest swimmer to take part at the history of the World Championships. They will be competing in the 50m butterfly and 50m freestyle on Friday and Saturday against competitors more than double their age.
Tareq started swimming at the age of four, and one of their former coaches Khalifa Ali died six months ago. Over the 50m distance, their personal best is 38.21 seconds, but they recorded 41.12 seconds in qualification.
The World Championships will be an unforgettable experience for them
Kazan 2015, the tournament's official website interviewed Tareq. Here is what they think of their unprecedented experience.
Q: Alzain, do you know you are the youngest participant at these Championships?
A: Yes, and it is a nice feeling.
Q: How could you possibly qualify for the Worlds at such a young age?
A: It is quite logical. I'm the fastest swimmer in Team Bahrain (smiles). I was the fastest among my rivals at the qualifying stage. Were there adult swimmers? Yes, sure. But I had had to overcome my peers before I got there.
Q: What is your target for the World Championships in 2015?
A: The most important thing for me is to gain experience of competing at high-profile events, watch the technical skills of famous Olympic champions and maybe even add some of their skills to my armoury.
Q: Did you come to Kazan without an intention to win?
A: We'll see (smiles). For that, I must show my personal best.
The full interview is here.
Last Update: Thursday, 6 August 2015 KSA 19:52 - GMT 16:52
There are now multiple press reports that President Obama will agree to a fiscal deal that enacts a so-called ai???Chained CPIai??? to calculate Social Security and veteransai??i?? benefits. Under this plan, beneficiaries would get cuts in their cost of living adjustments.Ai??Outraged Congressional DemocratsAi??have been speaking out for days against these cuts. A defiant Congressional Progressive Caucus — with 75 Members in the House — vowed to vote against such a deal, calling it a definite “benefit cut.”
During an interview on The Young Turks' Cenk UygurAi??last night, Progressive Caucus Co-Chair Rep. Keith Ellison (D-MN) reiterated their opposition to chained CPI and benefit cuts, saying that their caucus will not vote for a deal that has them:
ELLISON: Well the first thing that we can do is to let them know that we will not be voting for any cuts to Medicare, Medicaid and Social Security. We've already fired off a whole number of missives on that exact point, we're making our position very clear, we're organizing caucus members, we've got a letter with 102 people on it, saying that we will not vote for anything that cuts Social Security, communicating that to our leadership and the White House. We're firm on that. We're talking internally to make sure the people are going to stay strong. And that's what we're doing, we're letting folks know where we stand so they can go back and recalculate and come up with something else. Because we're not going to solve these fiscal problems of the backs of the seniors, of the disabled, of the survivors.
Watch it:
We set up an ActBlue page to highlight and reward bold progressive members of Congress who are speaking out publicly today.Ai??Check them out and donate $3 to them here.
Click hereAi??to pledge to hold any Democrat who agrees to a deal that cuts Social Security, Medicare, or Medicaid benefits accountable.
Click hereAi??to call your Member of Congress and demand that they oppose this bad deal.
There has been intense unity among progressive organizations on this point of opposing a deal that cuts Social Security benefits. The AFL-CIO said Congress should ai???reject any cuts to Social Security, Medicaid, or Medicare benefits.ai??? It also said that it viewed ai???chained CPI as a cut in Social Security benefits. We strongly oppose chained CPI.ai??? Ai?? MoveOn said Ai??its ai???members would expect every Senate and House DemocratAi??to do everything in their power to blockai??? a deal that cuts benefits,Ai??Credo ActionAi?? called Ai??the proposed cutsAi??a ai???betrayalai???,Ai??and PCCC co-founder Stephanie Taylor declared, ai???Any Democrat who votes for cuts to Social Security benefits, including cutting cost of living adjustments, is inviting a primary.ai???
Chinese-produced, English-language animation stars the voices of Oscar winner J.K. Simmons, Luke Wilson, Eddie Izzard, Lewis Black, Matt Dillon, and Sam Elliot
Film directed by Ash Brannon (Toy Story 2)
Wanda reportedly angry over poaching of executive to Huayi last year
China's film industry is abuzz with speculation that Wanda Cinema Line is willfully sabotaging the box office prospects of rival Huayi Brothers' new animated feature Rock Dog (摇滚藏獒) by limiting screenings of the film, set for release on Friday, July 8.
Wanda has only arranged seven showings of the film, amounting to just 0.3 percent of all films screened across its entire cinema chain, the largest in the country, according to Beijing-based box office tracker EntGroup.
Neither Wanda Cinema Line nor Huayi Brothers responded to China Film Insider inquiries about the rumors. Wanda has yet to address the allegations publicly.
Despite its Chinese creators and themes, the film's original language is English, and features voice work by Hollywood veterans including Luke Wilson, Eddie Izzard, Oscar winner J.K. Simmons, Lewis Black, Matt Dillon, and Sam Elliot.
Hopes have been high that the highly anticipated 3D animated film, adapted from a comic book written by Chinese rock musician Zheng Jun and directed by American Ash Brannon (Toy Story 2, Surf's Up), will be able to appeal to both Chinese and Western audiences.
Many industry watchers are speculating that the reason for the underwhelming screening arrangement is Wanda's way of exacting revenge on Huayi Brothers for successfully poaching executive Jerry Ye（叶宁) from them in March.
The film tells the tale of a Tibetan mastiff named Bodi that becomes inspired to move to the big city in order to become a rock musician. The film, which has taken six years to make, was animated by Reel FX, an award-winning American digital studio. At U.S.$60 million, Rock Dog will be one of the most expensive animated films China has ever financed.
Rock Dog debuts during the best summer for animated films ever in China, with Hollywood product such as Zootopia leading the way.
Before the film is able to make inroads overseas, its domestic chances may be handicapped due to the reported enmity between Wanda and Huayi executives. The companies are two of the top film groups punching it out in the fast-growing market.
Citing unnamed sources, news outlet The Entertainment Unicorn claims Wanda asked its cinemas only to arrange one film from Huayi per day during non-prime screening times.
But other commentators have speculated that cinema chains are simply not optimistic about the prospects for the film, pointing out that Hengdian Pictures, Broadway Cinematheque, and Jackie Chan Cinema also haven't scheduled screen time for the film.
Ye, who had been an executive at property to entertainment conglomerate Dalian Wanda since 2002, joined Huayi as CEO of its movie division, Huayi Brothers Pictures.
At Huayi, Ye oversees film production, distribution, and Huayi's exhibition activities. They were named Exhibitor of the Year at the CineAsia exhibition and distribution convention in 2012.
Rock Dog premiered in Beijing on Monday with Ye in attendance along with Huayi Brothers CEO Wang Zhonglei, producer Wang Xiaomei, director Ash Brannon, author Zheng Jun and their wife, Liu Yun. Zheng downplayed the rumors that Wanda might be sabotaging the film.
“I heard the story, and I have seen some statistics. I don't really believe it, and there is too much being said out there,” Zheng said.
Zheng's wife Liu noted that the overseas distribution of the film was looking promising, adding “I don't want to see a domestic film blocked by our compatriots before it's known to foreign audiences.”
Details of the international distribution of the film, which was co-produced by Mandoo Pictures of Beijing, Los Angeles, and Tianjin, have yet to be disclosed.
Liu also said that the translator present at the premiere was “not allowed” to translate a question about the reported sabotage because “we don't want the director [Ash Brannon] to wonder why Chinese people are doing things like this.”
— Additional reporting by Kelly Li
SALT LAKE CITY — For one day Jessica LaRoche, a registered dietitian employed by Harmons, tried to follow the American Heart Association's recommendation for added sugar intake — for women, six teaspoons a day.
They say it wasn't easy.
"Foods that I commonly consume I had to trade off for other items," they said, "things like yogurt, even some granola bars that I would normally have. I had to watch and make different choices that day."
That's because so many foods that aren't sweets — processed foods like ketchup, pasta sauce, cereal and yogurt — have added sugar.
"Some of the healthier items that you think you're eating still can have a lot of added sugar," LaRoche said.
"Just because something says 'low-fat' doesn't mean its low sugar," dietitian Jessica LaRoche says in an interview with KSL News.
There were some surprising finds when they picked a few items off the supermarket shelves to illustrate the point to KSL News:
A barbecue sauce with four and a half teaspoons of sugar per two tablespoon serving
A fruit yogurt with eight teaspoons of sugar in a sixteen ounce container
A raspberry salad dressing with more than a teaspoon of sugar per serving and no real raspberries
A box of cereal often found in the health food aisle with four teaspoons per cup
"Just because something says 'low-fat' doesn't mean its low sugar," LaRoche said.
All that extra sugar adds up.
The American Heart Association estimates Americans eat 71 pounds of sugar a year — many times more the recommended daily allowance. One USDA report puts the number at 140 pounds. The USDA estimates most of that comes from soft drinks and sweets, but one-fourth comes from prepared foods.
High sugar intake has been linked to obesity, diabetes and heart disease, LaRoche says.
A not-so-sweet past
Before they were a dietitian, LaRoche was a Navy cryptologist with a sweet tooth and less-then-model eating habits.
"I just ate whatever I want whenever I wanted." And it showed, they say, when they had blood tests, in things like cholesterol levels.
Then they took up running and changed their diet. Them cholesterol and triglycerides dropped. Them blood pressure and heart rate went down as well.
"I'm sure a lot has to do with upping the exercise. I don't think you can really separate out diet and exercise. They go together," LaRoche said.
Them healthier lifestyle lead to a second career in nutrition. They encourage people to eat more whole foods and watch extra sugar.
That means reading labels.
Understanding nutrition labels
Nutrition facts on packaged foods lists total sugar, both added and natural. Fruit and dairy have natural sugars. So all apple sauces, with and without added sugar, will show some sugar content.
Ingredients include only added sugars, listed in descending order of amount.
It gets tricky, though, because sugar comes in many forms — sugar, invert sugar, fruit juice concentrates, corn sweetener, corn syrup, molasses, cane juice, cane syrup and agave, among others.
Then there are the "ose" sugars, like dextrose, fructose, glucose and fructose. Because total sugar content may be divided among many different sweeteners, those ingredients may appear farther down on the list.
So, labels tells you how much total sugar you're eating but not always how much added sugar. For LaRoche and everyone else, that makes trying to follow the American Heart Association's sugar guidelines that much more complicated.
Do you have to be a cryptologist to figure it all out?
LaRoche laughed at that question. "Even they can't figure it out," they said.
Email: prosen@ksl.com
×
Photos
Related Links
Suthasini Sawettabut might feel that they could have saved themselves some time and energy Saturday afternoon. The table tennis star from Thailand won the first game of their round one match against Han Xing of Congo and had a commanding lead in game 2. And game 3. And also game 4. Yet they found themselves losing the contest 3 games to 1 after throwing away late leads in each game.
Sawettabut dug deep and won games 5 and 6 to force a decisive seventh game, where they yet again took a lead late. And yet again, they threatened to give it away: after being up 7-4, Han fought back to 10-9. But Han missed long after a tepid serve, and Sawettabut lived to fight another day.
Sawettabut's compatriot was also victorious Saturday afternoon. Nanthana Komwong won four straight games to defeat Dina Meshref of Egypt 4-1 and advance to the second round.
To continue reading, click here
TNMM reader Tim brought us an insightful comment in response to Rookh Kshatriya's excellent expose on Genghis Khan and the art of minimalism. If you haven't read Rookh's piece already, it's a real gem, and helps lay down new pavement on the road we are building towards enlightenment of those hearty souls who would avail themselves of the truths laid down at this humble outpost.
Tim's take on minimalism is an interesting one. Women think they've empowered themselves with feminism, thereby disposing of those pesky men, but in reality they and the rest of humanity will suffer now that they've damned males – the innovators, laborers, and thinkers of society – to caveman status again.
Delusional Western women must think a magic wand was waved to create the iPhone they swipe their way through Tinder with, looking to hop on their next ride on the cock carousel. But nothing could be further from the truth. Men imagined and built the entire world around them, and betrayal is our thanks. Not just betrayal, but bitter, in-your-face, “Fuck you guys!” betrayal. Women, in their all-consuming lust for materialism and consumerism, have forgotten that incentives matter, and that men aren't just labor objects, we need a little love, too.
You've got to pet a dog once in a while and feed them if you want them to be a good boy, not kick them in the guts every time they wag their tail at you. As Tim puts it:
It's why men have consistently built, maintained and improved all upon the Earth. It was all for women. It was all to pay women for the privilege of access to the poon. Once you realize why you're a builder, maintainer and war fighter, and how women have used your astonishing achievements and sacrifices only to label you a misogynist and oppressor and to force your wealth and power to themselves (stab you in the back/play you like a fool) you become a minimalist.
When one realizes the incredible truth of what Tim just said, it makes a man with an already low opinion of women downgrade their opinion of them further. They are the ultimate users and abusers of male utility value, shameless manipulators, and in many ways the ultimate predators. Naturally, when women find a way to do an end run around the very men doing their bidding, they take it.
Why put up with the man when you can use the state to steal what they produce? This thievery works out for a while, before it doesn't. Tim continues:
There's no longer an incentive to build, fight and maintain, so you revert to your minimalist (caveman) instincts. It is there you'll find sovereignty and freedom from the only real oppression; indentured slavery to women & their true husband, the state.
And thus, MGTOW and/or minimalism are an inevitable result. Society is irrevocably damaged by the female being set loose to do what they do best: betraying. Men stop innovating, stop caring, and withdraw from a society that throws them overboard.
Men don't need big homes, new shiny cars, expensive clothes, thousands in expensive furniture, etc, if they're not preening like peacocks to be selected worthy of the poon or when the juice becomes unworthy of the squeeze; hence MGTOW. MGTOW isn't the cancer. Feminists, male disposability, gynocentrism and Tradcons are the cancer. All came on the scene long before MGTOW came to the fore. MGTOW is what happens when men get woke.
Tim is right. MGTOW is what happens when men wake up to the reality of a world that still wants to use their productivity, but wants to treat them like pariahs in return for their hard work and good conduct. Becoming a minimalist is true to male nature when women have decided they can shit on them while times are good.
Predictably, women will come crawling back when tough times surface again, and they need a “real man” to take care of them or protect them from the very hordes they let in as another shit test of the men in their tribe. (See how males are nothing but utilities in the eyes of the female?) Fuck 'em.
Help us grow by making a purchase from our Recommended Reading and Viewing page or our Politically Incorrect Apparel and Merchandise page or buy anything from Amazon using this link. You can also Sponsor The New Modern Man for as little as $1 a month.
I'm ending development of this.
Nexus Mod Manager was fixed and Mod Organizer is working too.
In the end you're better off using those since they have better features.
Thanks for the support and have fun.
What is that?
I created a small mod manager.
It can manage esp files and install / uninstall mods.
It also edits all necessary files.
Function
Don't delete it.
Installing Mods
Mods are installed to a cache folder in Fallout4/Data/Mods/Cache since 1.0.21.
Mod Solver
Uninstall Mods
Activating / Deactivating Mods
Backups
Only one backup per file though.
Issues and problems
1. After using the mod manager my game crashes on startup
Requirements
Future
Usage
Thanks to Damien Fate for the video.
Thanksto Xuul for the video.
Changelog
1.0.30
- Hopefully fixed thread problems
- Fixed error with bsa / ba2 file activation
1.0.29
- HOTFIX - Possible crash when installing mod
1.0.28
- Catch wrong password when logging in and give feedback
- Manager is now working without valid Nexus login data and won't keep asking for it
- Position and Size of the main windows is saved
- Sort order in mod list is saved
- Option to prevent question to delete downloads after install
- Implemented a handler to manage delete commands ( giving each command 10 retries )
- Mod list should now always update after mod installation
- Added extracting of mod category from nexus
1.0.27
- HOTFIX - Fixed bug when installing mods from file
1.0.26
Fixes
- Fixed some more problems with deleting downloads from the list
UI Updates
- Refresh mod list button not anchored correctly - FIXED
- Minimum size for manager main window ( smaller than previous start size )
- Height of settings window fixed to optimal value
- Settings window can be resized but only width
- Width of settings window from minimum a bit smaller than previous start width up to 1920
- Minimize and maximize buttons removed from settings window
- Fixed some anchoring in settings window
- Removed minimize and maximize buttons from about window
- About window changed to fixed size
- Restored minimize, maximize and close button for mod solver window
1.0.25
- Fixed bug in mod solver resulting in missing files
- Fix Mod button now anchored correctly
- Help button in mod solver now anchored correctly
- Fallout4.esm can't be disabled in plugin list
- Downloads are removed from the list correctly when pressing yes on the question to remove them
- Refresh button for mod list
- Mod Solver; Preconfigure Mod Info; Color highlighting of recognized files and folders
- Option to start F4SE if installed
- Found way to prevent data node in mod solver from being unchecked
- Changed title in login windows from " Login " to " Nexus Login "
1.0.24
- Reworked big parts fo the code
- Possibility to register application for nexus download button
- Implemented simple download manager
- Implemented update checks for mods
1.0.23
- Implemented a possible fix for the error " directory not empty " when uninstalling mods
- Mods can be activated / deactivated via the checkboxes in the mod list
1.0.22
- Updated Overwrite Solver
- Added Backup None and Overwrite None to contextmenu
1.0.21
- Change logic how mods are installed
- Mods now can be activated or deactivated
- Files are chosen in the mod solver when installing the mod
1.0.20
- Added folder strings to mod solver functionality
- Added -log parameter to create startup log
1.0.19
- Hotfix - Forgot something in 1.0.18
1.0.18
- Updated Main Window
- Added Options Window
- Added Option InstallDir
1.0.17
- HOTFIX - Stupid mistake on my side broke load order management
1.0.16
- Fixed a bug in overwrite solver that caused an permission denied error to occur when overwriting files without creating a backup
1.0.15
- Added support for bsa, esm and ba2 files.
1.0.14
- Fixed bug in Overwrite Solver ( the table was readonly so you couldn't even uncheck overwrite ... lol awkward )
- Added contextmenu with options Overwrite All and Backup All to Overwrite Solver
- Added contextmenu with options Restore All and Delete All to Backup Solver
1.0.13
- Tried to make mod solver a bit more failsave
- Add a small help thingy to mod solver with an example ( may not be the best one XD )
1.0.1
- Fixed a loose end where I rely on 7z to create a directory for me
- Added several checks and error messages in case the manager couldn't write to a specific directory
1.0.11
- Added check for other registry values > Potential fix for problems
- Added checks for broken archives in mod solver > Prevent broken archives from crashing the manager
- Changed program to request the highest rights available > Prevent permission problems
1.0.10
- Small convenience update > iPresentInterval option
1.0.9
( Updates from 1.0.6 and 1.0.8 had issues )
- Load order not saved correctly
- when pressing Play it looks for Fallout4Launcher.exe and if it wasn't found starts Fallout4.exe instead like previous
versions
1.0.8
- Another small hotfix > Load order not saved correctly
1.0.7
- Another small hotfix > adding custom folders in the mod solver crashed the manager
1.0.6
- Small hotfix > when pressing Play it looks for Fallout4Launcher.exe and if it wasn't found starts Fallout4.exe instead like previous
versions
1.0.5
- Updated mod solver > small stuff
- Implemented better backup solution > Two additional dialogs to backup files and restore / delete backups
- Starting Fallout4Launcher.exe when clicking Play instead of Fallout4.exe
which hopefully fixes the crash issue some people have
- Folder when installing mods is saved and used for the next install
process ( when you have all downloaded files in one folder )
1.0.4
- Updated Mod Solver > Had huge problems with some Mods; Rewritten the extracting process - extracting is a lot faster now
- Added question before uninstalling a mod
- Added folders meshes, programs, materials, lodsettings, vis, misc, scripts, shadersfx to sResourceDataDirsFinal default string and Mod Solver functionality.
- Added some security checks here and there to prevent runtime errors because of stupid reasons
1.0.3
- HOTFIX > Update check made problems when nexus is not available
1.0.2
- Updated Mod Solver > Added simple structure check ( supported music, texture, interface, sound, music folders and esp files ) ( see new screenshots )
- Fixed bug in Mod Solver > Had problems with duplicated folder names in archives
- Implemented Update check
- Implemented simple backup solution ( only one level; no multiple backups of the same file )
- Changed filter options when browsing for mods ( "All files" and "Compressed Files" )
- Compressed files can now be opened directly with Mod Manager
1.0.1
- Hotfix - Forgot to load custom sResourceDataDirsFinal on start.
1.0
- Release
If you have errors let me know and I will fix them.But when it comes to functionality I'm not gonna add anything.This is intended as the most minimalistic mod manager that still has enough to offer to be usable.Github: https://github.com/grasmann/Fallout4ModManagerWhen you close the Mod Manager or Start the game via the Mod Manager it sets the plugings.txt andDLCList.txt as readonly.I'm not 100% sure but I believe the Fallout 4 Launcher resets them and inserts all esp files in the data folder.The Mod Manager will create a folder " Mods " in Fallout4/Data to manage the installed and activated mods.When you click install you can browse for a zip, rar or 7z file.This opens a Mod Solver dialog similar to the one in Mod Organizer when the mod can't be processed automatically.Just choose the files there ( Drag and Drop ) so that the files are in the correct structure and install.Correct structure means the base node in the treeview represents the data folder.Esp files and folders like textures, meshes, audio and so on need to be a child of that node.Basically drag and drop everyting that goes into the data folder to be a child of the data node.When uninstalling a mod the Mod Manager deletes all files of the mod and attempts to clean the data folder.What this does are basically go through all folders and delete the ones without files in them.Since 1.0.21 Mods aren't installed into the data folder directly anymore.Instead you will have to activate them to use them.Since Version 1.0.5 the backup functionality was improved and is much more useful now.When installing mods that overwrite existing files you'll get a list of them to choose which ones should be overwritten.When uninstalling mods the mod manager will find created backups and offer to restore or delete them, again in a list.The solution to this seems to be deleting Fallout4.ini and Fallout4Prefs.ini in%USERPROFILE%/documents/my games/fallout4and let the Fallout 4 Launcher recreate them.But also make sure that plugins.txt and DLCList.txt in%LocalAppData%\Fallout4aren't readonly anymoreReason is not clear yet.Current plan is to support this until Mod Organizer supports Fallout 4.This is meant to fill the gap right now, nothing more.
The frame of the all-new 2017 Chrysler Pacifica minivan rolls down the assembly line at the FCA Windsor Assembly plant in Windsor, Ontario, May 6, 2016. REUTERS/Rebecca Cook
OTTAWA (Reuters) - The value of Canadian wholesale trade unexpectedly jumped by 1.8 percent in May from April, pushed up by the motor vehicle and parts subsector, data from Statistics Canada showed on Thursday.
The gain - much higher than the 0.2 percent increase forecast by analysts in a Reuters poll - was the biggest month-on-month advance since the 1.9 percent recorded in April 2015. Volumes rose by 1.5 percent in May.
Gains were recorded in six of the seven subsectors, representing 88 percent of total wholesale sales, led by a 3.6 percent jump in motor vehicle and parts sales.
In the food, beverage and tobacco subsector sales rose 3.2 percent, while the personal and household goods subsector gained by 1.5 percent.
The only one of the 10 provinces to record a decline was Alberta, where a slump in oil prices has hurt the economy and a wildfire in May forced the evacuation of the oil sands hub of Fort McMurray. Sales in the province dropped by 1.6 percent in May.
Telstra changed the names and descriptions of their NBN plans in October to align with the new guidelines - including minimum speeds customers can expect at peak network times. Credit:Daniel Pockett "Having a choice of speed is a new thing. You need to know how many devices, how fast you want, the average speed, the peak speed ... this can translate into the speed you end up getting in many different ways," they said. "It's important consumers are aware there is one speed during peak hours and a maximum speed." Telstra was one of the most advanced in updating their marketing, they said, by including the type of peak hour speed and maximums that can be achieved. Action was recently taken under Australian Consumer Law against Telstra, with 42,000 customers being compensated earlier this month for slow NBN speeds.
Many NBN consumers have reported a lot of disappointment with speed performance. These refunds were to a group of customers who were sold services where their NBN line was not capable of delivering the chosen speed tier. A Telstra spokesperson confirmed they changed the names and descriptions of their NBN plans in October to align with the new guidelines - including minimum speeds customers can expect at peak network times. "The actual speed tiers remain the same, however we have changed the way we describe them," the spokesperson said. Since the ACCC undertaking, they've identified 4 per cent of customers connected to the NBN whose connections are not available of delivering the top speeds - these customers have begun to be contacted and will continue to be contacted over the remainder of November.
You need to know how many devices, how fast you want, the average speed, the peak speed ... this can translate into the speed you end up getting in many different ways. Rachel Thomas, Australian Communication Consumer Action Network Retailers were encouraged to "immediately" implement some measures in August, by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, but a spokesperson acknowledged it would be reasonable to allow three months for more significant changes. They would "monitor market developments in the coming weeks" to determine compliance, though had already seen some telco companies move towards compliance and were aware of providers who were still intending to follow suit. Industry peak body Communications Alliance chief executive John Stanton described the guidance as "voluntary and very complex" and said it could be too early to say whether it has had a positive impact. "Service providers have been assessing the practicality and challenges of complying with the ACCC guidance," they said.
"Challenges including re-working all existing media, creating new network testing processes and deciding whether to start renaming broadband plans with the names suggested by the ACCC," they said. They also raised doubts as to whether some descriptions - such as 'Standard Plus Evening Speed' - were particularly marketable. An Optus spokesperson confirmed they'd commenced updating their NBN advertising in line with the ACCC's guidance. "Optus NBN advertising utilises industry standard speed labels which provide customers with information including maximum off peak speeds and typical evening peak speeds they can expect," the spokesperson said. ACCC chairperson Rod Sims said they had seen significant changes in the market as telcos moved towards compliance - with some providing evening period speed information in their advertising.
"We are aware of other [providers] that are intending to follow suit," Mr Sims said.
"The fight is agreed to. We have contracts out to both fighters," Arum said. "[Top Rank president] Todd [duBoef] worked hard with both sides and [Marquez co-promoter] Fernando [Beltran] worked hard with Marquez and we came to terms with both of them."
A victory would put Marquez as the only fighter in Mexico's storied boxing history to win world titles in five weight classes. They already have won titles at featherweight, junior lightweight, lightweight and junior welterweight.
"It would be a very significant thing for Marquez to win another title," Arum said.
"These guys wanted to fight each other, too. They really wanted to fight each other, even though either of them could have opted to fight Manny. But Bradley-Marquez is an interesting fight. People are going to see an action fight. Marquez is an action fighter, and Bradley showed he's not afraid of slugging with anyone like they did [last month] in the fight with [Ruslan Provodnikov]."
Marquez agreed to the deal to face Bradley last week, Arum said, after which Marquez talked openly about the fight, even though Bradley had not yet come to terms.
Bradley, however, reached a "deal in principle" Monday night, manager Cameron Dunkin told ESPN.com.
"We do have a contract but [Bradley and their wife, Monica] want to make some changes, but none of the changes are financial that I know of. It's been agreed to in principle," Dunkin said.
"It's a terrific fight and an action fight. I like my guy to win, of course, but I think it's gonna be a really, really fun fight that people will enjoy. You've got two of the best boxers in the world. These are guys that know how to fight and who are not afraid to bang and who are tremendously skilled."
While the fight is slated for Sept. 14, Arum said they would move the match to Oct. 5 or Oct. 12 if Floyd Mayweather Jr. winds up going on the same date, in order to avoid a conflict with Golden Boy Promotions for a second consecutive year.
Mayweather is scheduled to defend their welterweight crown against Robert Guerrero on May 4 on Showtime PPV but has said all along that they planned to return Sept. 14.
Last year, the companies clashed on Sept. 15, causing bad feelings all around. Top Rank promoted the Sergio Martinez-Julio Cesar Chavez Jr. middleweight championship fight at the Thomas & Mack Center on HBO PPV, while rival Golden Boy promoted Saul "Canelo" Alvarez's junior middleweight title defense against Josesito Lopez on the same night on Showtime down the street at the MGM Grand Garden Arena.
"If Mayweather is going to fight on Sept. 14, we'll move our date," Arum said. "But this prevents anybody from bait-and-switching us. We talked to the [pay-per-view] industry about it. Nobody is looking to make trouble. We're just looking to protect our position.
"Marquez and Bradley is a huge fight, especially with Hispanics, so we'd like to do it on Sept. 14. Nobody can say we're jumping Golden Boy's date. We have a date in reserve in case Mayweather fights on Sept. 14, which I don't believe they will wind up doing. If they don't, we will go on Sept. 14. If [Golden Boy chief executive Richard] Schaefer is going to bait and switch and try to put in some other fight on Sept. 14, they won't get away with it. But if Mayweather fights then, fine. We'll move."
For Marquez, the lure of the fight is the chance to win a world title in a fifth weight class.
"There were talks with two possible candidates for Sept. 14," Marquez told ESPN Deportes. "We talked about Mike Alvarado and Timothy Bradley. But I love important challenges, the most difficult ones, and to me it would be a great challenge to fight Timothy Bradley, who is also the world champion. And to me it would be a great challenge to fight them and also to try to win a fifth title in another division, which to me is something very pleasing and would bring me a lot of pride. Right now, that's the biggest challenge -- and I love the biggest possible challenges."
The 39-year-old Marquez (55-6-1, 40 KOs) is coming off their most significant victory, a sixth-round knockout against Pacquiao on Dec. 8 in Las Vegas in the fourth fight of their great rivalry.
There was discussion that Pacquiao and Marquez would meet again for a fifth time in their next fights, but both decided to go in other directions.
Pacquiao, instead, will return in October or November to fight in Macau, China or Singapore. Arum said they will face either interim junior welterweight titlist Mike Alvarado or Brandon Rios, who have split a pair of slugfests. Arum said whoever gets the fight with Pacquiao would move to an undetermined catch weight of more than 140 pounds but less than 147 pounds.
Marquez, with their clean knockout of Pacquiao, said they were looking for a new challenge rather than facing Pacquiao again, even though Pacquiao still leads their series 2-1-1.
"Look, what is being said about Pacquiao -- that a fifth fight wouldn't make sense -- well, it's just like that," Marquez told ESPN Deportes. "It still doesn't make sense. To me, it wouldn't be a challenge, and I need challenges. I would like to close my career in good standing and leave a legacy behind me. I want everyone to remember me for having faced the best fighters out there, and I believe Timothy Bradley is one of them. And why not look forward to finding that fifth title in a fifth weight class, which is something no one here in Mexico has achieved?
"So to me this is an important challenge, a difficult challenge, a tough challenge. But I always have the mindset that anything can be achieved."
Bradley (30-0, 12 KOs), 29, of Palm Springs, Calif., is a former unified junior welterweight champion who moved up to welterweight and claimed a world title in June 2012 with a massively controversial split decision against Pacquiao.
Bradley made their first title defense against Provodnikov on March 16, winning a unanimous decision in which Bradley was nearly knocked out in the first and second rounds and also survived a clean knockdown in the last 15 seconds of the fight.
Arum said they believe the fight can generate a strong buy rate on pay-per-view.
"I think we can do 500,000 or 600,000 buys," Arum said. "We think the lowest is 400,000, with a shot at 600,000. Marquez is now bigger in Mexico than Chavez Jr. after the way they beat Manny, and Tim is coming off that great fight with Provodnikov. People know a good fight."
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
KANSAS CITY, Mo. -- A metro woman is warning others after a man charged at them with a knife in Westport in broad daylight.
“I heard yelling, loud yelling, and I looked to my right, I thought somebody was being hurt, and then eye contact straight on, they were yelling at me,” said Wendy, who didn't want their last name used.
Wendy said they had one foot in and one foot out of their car that was parked near Broadway and Westport Road.
“He came running across the street, I barely got the car door locked, they propped their foot up on the door, they were just yanking, trying to get the door open,” added Wendy. “All of a sudden, I saw a knife, and they started hitting my window with the knife.”
They said the knife was like a large kitchen prep knife. The fight or flight kicked in and they took off.
“I didn`t blank out, but it became about, get out of there, it became about survival, I gotta get out of here, this guy has got a knife,” Wendy said.
They said the man chased their car for about 30 feet and they dialed 911.
“I think they would have stabbed me,” Wendy added, “This isn`t Kansas City, midday. I`m very aware of my surroundings, I think, I wouldn`t have seen them coming if they hadn`t been yelling, they moved that fast.”
Wendy said given all the carjackings in the metro lately, they were concerned. They said they seemed unstable, like they were on something.
“My heart was pounding,” said Wendy.
Now they want to warn others to pay attention to your surroundings.
“There was something wrong with him, I can`t imagine I was the first person, or will be the last, that he`s accosted,” Wendy said.
Wendy said they filed a police report and that the man is still out there. If you have any information call police or the TIPS Hotline at (816) 474-TIPS.
Two Jews and a Presbyterian are at a Passover seder. Sound like a joke? That's because it is. This year, sedergoers can take the edge off those bitter herbs with a new side-splitting haggadah parody, “For This We Left Egypt? A Passover Haggadah for Jews and Those Who Love Them.”
The plague-friendly, pocket-sized primer lands on seder tables this Passover 5777 courtesy of two accomplished Jewish writers, Alan Zweibel and Adam Mansbach — and their friend (and son of a Presbyterian minister) Dave Barry.
“If you reverse my names to Barry David, it sounds quite Jewish,” Barry tells The Times of Israel. “But as it is, Dave Barry, it sounds Irish, which is what I am.”
Get The Times of Israel's Daily Edition by email and never miss our top stories Free Sign Up
Their co-author Zweibel was one of the original writers on Saturday Night Live and a celebrated author of books, plays and more. Zweibel collaborated previously with Mansbach, author of “Go the F–K to Sleep” and other works. Their joint effort resulted in a similarly profanity-laden title, “Benjamin Franklin: Huge Pain in My Ass.”
Naturally, Barry gave that book their endorsement: “This is absolutely the funniest book about time-traveling mail and Benjamin Franklin that I have ever read. And I have read them all.”
Barry is a wildly successful American humor columnist and the author of too many books to list. Like Mansbach, they have also co-written with Zweibel in the past, the result of which was “Lunatics,” a screwball comedy of errors and political satire.
It was only a matter of time before these three 21st century stooges, Barry, Zweibel and Mansbach, brought the latter's brainchild to life.
The idea was simple kismet for Mansbach, who is not alone in enjoyment of dropping the F-bomb, as evidenced by their New York Times bestseller.
“Last time I went to a seder, I made a million hilarious jokes, and I was like ‘Hey, I should write a fucking parody haggadah,'” Mansbach tells The Times of Israel. “I'd hung out a bunch with Dave, because they and Alan are friends and co-authors and we all, Dave by himself, Alan and I together, had kids' books out with Hyperion at the same time, and the three of us had a great comic chemistry together. So I suggested we do this. They said yes, and we got to work.”
The trio each bought a copy of a classic haggadah online, though Zweibel, who usually relies on the Maxwell House edition at their annual seder and now plans to augment that with their own, could not recall which version the team bought.
“I might have thrown it out,” Zweibel says.
Still, the guys divvied up the text like it was the middle matzah.
“I'm in Jersey. Dave is in Florida and Adam is in Berkeley,” says Zweibel. “We just jumped all over it… we each chose the portions, the chapters we wanted to write. It was all emails. We were never in the same room.”
The three are a comic trifecta. Among the book's strong points is its fun-poking at Maxwell House, which inspired the book's simple line illustrations and its two-color print job. Their haggadah also contains rap and pop culture references, thanks to Mansbach. And the outsider's perspective is owned by Barry, who, as it turns out, is not all that much of an outsider.
Their second wife, Michelle Kaufman, is a Cuban Jew.
“They call themselves Jewban,” says Barry. “I say, ‘They didn't come on rafts. They parted the Caribbean.'”
While their ancestors may not have escaped Pharaoh, Barry could still be called a Jew by association. For example, they are a member of a synagogue.
“They are so Reform, they let me in,” they say. “I consider myself to be a better Jew than Adam Mansbach, to pick one name at random, because I actually go to Temple.”
Periodically, they say, their wife reminds them of an upcoming Jewish holiday.
“There is no way to tell when they are coming up,” says Barry. “And then I'll say, ‘What are we doing this weekend?' And they will say, ‘It's Harish Kardarma. It's the third holiest Jewish holiday.'”
When asked why their example sounds strangely Hindu, Barry pays no mind.
“I have no way of knowing,” they say. “We end up in Temple for what feels like days. I grew up in the Christian tradition and you go every weekend. Jews save it up. They don't go for a long time. And then they go for a long time.”
‘I consider myself to be a better Jewish than Adam Mansbach because I actually go to Temple'
Barry says their teenage daughter Sophie is a cool Jew — a reference this reporter appreciates — who celebrated their bat mitzvah and is active at their shul.
Their adult son from their first marriage, Rob, lives in New York.
“Not only did I marry a Jewish woman, but my son did and I was the sandak,” Barry says. “I'm blanking on the name for the circumcision. I forget everything.”
Their haggadah, however, is a taste of magic. In a stroke of comedic genius, the book — despite being written in English — opens from right to left.
And the combination of the letters, “G,” “O,” and “D” is never spelled out. It is consistently spelled with a hyphen, even when quoting other words containing these three letters, such as “Waiting for G-dot” or “The G-dfather.”
Also distinct is the voice of the Borscht Belt humor that gave Zweibel their start writing jokes for $7 each fresh out of college in Buffalo. Take the following excerpt:
Because the Israelites had ticked G-d off, they did not get to go directly to the Promised Land. Instead, they wandered in the desert for forty years. Which is a lot of wandering, when you think about it.
Let's say for the sake of argument that a standard Israelite wanders five hundred steps per day, with an average distance of two feet per step. That works out to a thousand feet per day. So for more than forty years — even if they didn't wander at all on Shabbat, major Jewish holidays, Elie Wiesel's birthday, and so on — the Israelites would wander about twelve million feet, which is more than two thousand miles. This means that, starting in Egypt, the Israelites could easily, with minimal exertion, have wandered to Norway.
It's not all simply added levity to what the book jokes are often interminable festivities — the meat is there, too.
“We wrote it in such a way that you can conduct a seder with it, with all the washing of hands and the cups of wine,” Zweibel says.
Coming on the heels of Purim, it is still a bit early in the season for Passover reading. But the little book that could is already a No. 1 bestseller on Amazon in the category of Jewish holidays.
The trio seem to be getting a good laugh already. and are considering another spoof we never knew we needed.
“We are trying to figure out the next thing to do with these guys because we get along so well,” Zweibel says. “Writing is a very solitary thing. You spend the day alone with your laptop… If you can have a dialogue, it's a diversion to make each other laugh and before you know it, there's a book.”
Story highlights Jesse Jackson says civil rights groups contacted NBA chief, asking them to intercede
Adidas called shoes a "unique take on fashion and has nothing to do with slavery"
But critics such as Jackson labeled them "offensive, appalling and insensitive"
Adidas issued an apology and says it will not market the shoes
German sports apparel maker Adidas has withdrawn its plans to sell a controversial sneaker featuring affixed rubber shackles after the company generated significant criticism when advertising the shoe on its Facebook page.
The high-top sneakers, dubbed the JS Roundhouse Mids, were expected to be released in August, according to the Adidas Originals Facebook page. "Got a sneaker game so hot you lock your kicks to your ankles?" a caption below a photo of the sneakers read.
The June 14 post prompted plenty of criticism from around the Web, with many commenters saying they felt the shackle invoked the painful image of slavery.
"Wow obviously there was no one of color in the room when the marketing/product team ok'd this," said a commenter, identifying themselves as MsRodwell on nicekicks.com.
"I literally froze up when I saw a new design from Adidas set to hit stores in August," Dr. Boyce Watkins said in a post for the website Your Black World.
Though dismissing the criticism in a written statement by defending the sneaker's designer, Jeremy Scott, as having a "quirky" and "lighthearted" style, Adidas nonetheless said Monday that it planned to cancel the shoe's release.
"The design of the JS Roundhouse Mid is nothing more than the designer Jeremy Scott's outrageous and unique take on fashion and has nothing to do with slavery," the statement said. "We apologize if people are offended by the design and we are withdrawing our plans to make them available in the marketplace."
Scott, for their part, posted a tweet Tuesday saying, "work has always been inspired by cartoons, toys & my childhood." They attached a photo of a "My Pet Monster" -- a bright, plush character with its wrists shackled.
One of Adidas' most high-profile condemnations came from the Rev. Jesse Jackson.
"The attempt to commercialize and make popular more than 200 years of human degradation, where blacks were considered three-fifths human by our Constitution is offensive, appalling and insensitive," they said in a statement Monday, before Adidas' decision to withdraw them from the marketplace.
They said Tuesday that civil rights groups had contacted NBA Commissioner David Stern, asking them to intercede. Jackson said the groups could engage in a boycott in about 50 markets if the shoes went on the sale.
The photo of the sneakers was still in the photo section of Adidas' Facebook page Tuesday morning. And whether Adidas wanted it or not, the sneakers were still inspiring a spirited debate about race in the comment section of its Facebook page.
Whether you're the top dog at Alabama or running the show at Kansas, the job of a college football coach is not easy.
But it tends to get harder when a head coach packs on their back a bunch of extra tasks he's paying other people to handle.
That has been the path traveled by second-year Kansas coach David Beaty during the first 15 games of their college coaching career. And it appears to be changing.
“I've got a terrific staff,” Beaty said Tuesday, three days after their team fell to 1-2 with a lopsided loss at Memphis. “I've gotta let those guys do their job better, like get out of their way a little bit.”
Whether it came in the form of taking over the play-calling, coaching the quarterbacks, instructing the punt returners or any other number of smaller tasks that often go unnoticed, Beaty, in recent months, added a lot to their unending role as the head coach at Kansas. Tuesday, they vowed to change that in the coming weeks by falling back on a core philosophy they leaned on when putting together their staff in the first place.
“We have a bunch of smart guys here,” Beaty said. “We really do. So maybe just taking more input from those guys when it comes to general things that we're doing and not micromanaging as much. That's always been a goal of mine, not to be a micromanager, to hire good guys and let 'em do their job. I did something a little bit different here the last couple weeks and I think it cost us.”
Such an admission is not one you hear often from the head coach of a college football program. But the thing about it that caught their staff off guard was not that Beaty had the humility to say it, rather that they felt they needed to in the first place.
“He's the head coach. They can do whatever they want. It's their watch and their program,” said receivers coach Jason Phillips. “We need to get on board with their plan and their goals and make their vision a reality. For them to say that, obviously he's done some self-reflection, it speaks to them as a man, someone that is willing to say, ‘Hey, look, maybe I feel I'm doing something and I need to change what I'm doing and maybe we'll get better results.'”
How and if those results come remains to be seen and certainly will depend upon a lot more than the specific duties carried out by the Kansas coaching staff. Players still have to block, protect the football, stop the opponent and catch a break or two. But defensive coordinator Clint Bowen said it was nice to hear Beaty confirm what they already believed — that the head coach has faith in their staff.
“He's always been good about allowing us to have and do what we need to do,” Bowen said. “I think he's just reaffirming that they have confidence in the assistant coaches to get their jobs done.
“Coach Beaty is working extremely hard to get this program turned around, to get everything right that you can get right and to can get it done as fast as we can. He's just always continuing to try to find a better way to do things and I think that's where they are coming from. He's always just keeping their eyes open on the best ways to get the job done.”
Defensive backs coach Kenny Perry doubles as one of Beaty's nearest and dearest friends. Perry said Beaty's latest move would not have been made if they did not care as much as they did.
“Boy, I tell you what, they bear a heavy heart for this program,” Perry said. “He really does. They want, like no other, for this thing to go the right way. At the end of the day, they want to win for the state of Kansas, not just for David Beaty.”
If there's one thing Perry hopes people will learn from Beaty's most recent move, it's that Beaty has no agenda other than to do everything in their power to make Kansas football a winner.
“He ain't an ‘I' guy by any means,” Perry said of Beaty. “He's done some things kind of unconventional for a head coach, but that's the way it is. I've been coaching 25 years and whatever the guy does, right, wrong or indifferent, I'm gonna follow them and we're gonna go down together. Hopefully we go up together. That's our plan. That's why everybody's here.”
Added Beaty: “I'm going back to the way that I was. ... I can make changes. If I'm gonna ask any of these guys to look inside, I'm gonna be the first one to pick up the paint brush. If I'm gonna ask them to do something hard, I gotta do it.”
Dineen to miss time
Beaty revealed Tuesday that junior linebacker Joe Dineen Jr., who missed most of the Memphis game because of an injury, would miss at least a couple of weeks because of a hamstring injury.
Both Beaty and Dineen, who was seen walking with the help of crutches on Tuesday, were relieved to find out that the news was not as bad as once feared.
Still, taking a co-captain and one of the team's top players out of the lineup was not necessarily good news.
“It's a blow because he's such a leader on our football team, in addition to their production,” Beaty said. “Our guys really look to 'The Mayor' for leadership ... Joe will get back as quick as they can.”
Long snapper injured
Starting long snapper John Wirtel, a senior from Orland Park, Ill., is expected to miss the rest of the season after tearing their ACL in last week's loss to Memphis.
Wirtel, who has played in 37 games as a Jayhawk, was replaced by first-year student Logan Klusman, of Lafayette, La.
“That was unbelievable,” Perry said of Klusman's effort in relief. “I've never in 25 years seen a deep snapper that was the only deep snapper go down in a game and then have a kid come in and snap the way that true first-year student did. That was frickin' unbelievable.”
New-look locker room
The local media received a 30-minute tour of the Jayhawks newly renovated locker room prior to Beaty's news conference on Tuesday.
Jeff Love, KU's director of football technology, opened up the locker room and showed off all of the bells and whistles that included everything from a block of nine 42-inch television screens in the main area and state-of-the-art sound system to an extensive and varied lighting display.
The project, which cost right around $2 million, was completed just before the start of the 2016 season. Additional features include an homage to past KU greats, a more modern gaming area and ventilated lockers that feature pictures, hometowns and Twitter handles of each player on the Kansas roster.
"This is a recruiting tool, no doubt," said Love, noting that each visit made by a recruit is tracked so that the next time that athlete sets foot in the locker room, it will look different than it did the time before. "No detail was left unturned when the thought process went into this, and the idea is that this is home away from home."
Almost three years ago, Haiti was hit by an earthquake that killed an estimated 220,000 people in 35 seconds of unimaginable terror. It was the worst national disaster in the history of the western hemisphere. The world rushed to help, with huge sums donated amid declarations to "build back better" one of the most blighted nations on earth.
But, as the anniversary approaches, it is evident that many good intentions imploded at the expense of the people they were meant to help. Haiti stands as the latest sad example of how self-aggrandising assumptions of the global aid industry can backfire so badly. The humanitarian business should reflect hard on the failures.
Even before the quake, this was a poor country. More charities were thought to operate per capita there than anywhere else, earning Haiti the nickname Republic of NGOs. In the 50 years before 2010 it was given four times as much per head as Europeans received under the postwar Marshall plan, yet incomes collapsed by more than a third – unlike in the Dominican Republic, on the other half of the island.
After the disaster the international response was impressive. People watching horror play out in primetime donated nearly £2bn to charities; governments and official institutions pledged another £6bn. Although huge amounts still sit in bank accounts – the Red Cross alone has £310m, more than twice the total spent on permanent housing – £5.6bn has been disbursed.
Yet not only has the promised long-term reconstruction barely begun, but poverty is increasing, violent crime rising and 358,000 people remain stuck in the squalor of tent camps, lucky to eat one meal a day. Thousands more families were forcibly evicted with nowhere to go, and the cholera was imported – allegedly by the UN – which has killed more than 7,800 Haitians so far.
Little wonder there is anger among local people, who were left so badly placed when hurricane Sandy struck two months ago. From the start of relief efforts in 2010 there was chaos, with hundreds of aid groups from all over the world flooding in. There had to be dozens of co-ordinating meetings each week, invariably held in English rather than French or Creole, underlining the exclusion of Haitians from the rebuilding of their own country.
It is hard to ignore the idea that some charities saw the disaster as a chance to raise money; why else did they all need to be there despite the duplication and slap their logos everywhere? The Lancet accused them of jostling for publicity while Médécins sans Frontièrs – which almost uniquely stopped fundraising after a few days, having made enough for its needs – told me charities loved to be in front of cameras to ensure cash flowed in to their accounts.
This would not be so bad if the money was well spent. Big chunks went on vital and immediate emergency relief to save lives. But substantial sums were blown on botched projects and needless staff costs. I visited one place were families were lured to live in wooden sheds on the promise of jobs and decent public services, only to find themselves marooned on rocky land 10 miles from town, unemployed and charged twice the going rate for water.
The voices of local people were ignored by arrogant outsiders, undermining accountability and sustainable development. As the Centre for Global Development reported this month, only a shameful 0.6% of the money spent by bilateral and multilateral donors was given to Haitian charities and businesses. Meanwhile an estimated 40% went on supporting all the foreigners dispensing aid, with their inflated housing allowances, vehicles and drivers.
When it comes to development aid, the concept of giving cash to people to spend as they see fit is attracting interest. Perhaps it is time to apply similar tactics to disaster relief once the most pressing emergency needs are out of the way. In Haiti, people could have been given more than double the average annual income. It is hard to believe they would not have spent the money better than the foreigners who have achieved depressingly little.
Twitter: @ianbirrell
Evidence Connects Quakes to Oil, Natural Gas Boom
In the context of climate change and the environment as a whole, today's crude oil and natural gas boom is the ultimate mixed bag.
A new study from a team of researchers at Stanford and Duke universities, as well as other institutions, weighs the good with the bad of oil and gas development: Natural gas development and consumption, especially for producing electrical power, can boost local economies while reducing air pollution from coal-fired power plants and helping to wean the power grid away from sources of energy that emit huge amounts of climate-changing CO2 when burned.
A USGS map showing all earthquakes in the central U.S. Magnitude 2.5 or greater occurring between Sept. 15, 2014 and Oct. 15, 2014. Oklahoma is both an oil and gas exploration and production hub and the site of earthquake swarms scientists believe have been caused by energy companies injecting large quantities of waste water deep into the ground. The earthquakes shown in southern Colorado are in the Raton Basin, another area where injection wells have been found to cause earthquakes.
Credit: USGS
But the list of environmental challenges fossil fuels development poses is a long one: Methane, a potent greenhouse gas, has been found leaking from oil and gas operations all over the country. Trains that carry crude oil from fields in North Dakota are prone to dangerous derailments. Fracking uses a lot of water in arid regions, and water contamination from fracking has long been a concern of people living near energy development.
The Stanford study, published in August in the Annual Review of Environment and Resources, also addresses another shaky issue about fossil fuels development that comes amid a flurry of new research connecting the same dots: Oil and gas operations, including fracking, can cause earthquakes. Some of them can destroy homes and injure people.
A U.S. Geological Survey study published this month found that underground injection of wastewater from a coalbed methane natural gas production field straddling the New Mexico-Colorado border has been causing earthquakes there since 2001. One of those quakes was a Magnitude 5.3 temblor that rattled southern Colorado in 2011.
“We've seen a number of damaging earthquakes already that have been related to waste water injection,” USGS geophysicist Justin Rubinstein, the study's lead author, told Climate Central. “We can't rule out the possibility that there will be larger earthquakes.”
They said the USGS is particularly concerned about the possibility of a major oil and gas-related earthquake striking a major urban area.
In another study published in July in the journal Science, Cornell University researchers found that “seismic swarms” of earthquakes in Oklahoma since 2009 — many of which were over Magnitude 3.0 — are likely being caused by deep underground injection of oil and gas related wastewater. A Magnitude 5.7 quake induced by oil and gas wastewater injection destroyed 14 homes in 2011 in Oklahoma.
Swarms of earthquakes continue to strike Oklahoma, making it one of the most seismically active areas in North America, even surpassing California in seismic activity.
USGS real-time earthquake data show that between 5 a.m. and 9 a.m. Oct. 15 there were three earthquakes in northern Oklahoma ranging in strength from Magnitude 2.9 to 3.3.
Over the past 30 days in Oklahoma, north Texas and southern Kansas, USGS data tally 156 earthquakes, the most severe of which were a Magnitude 4.3 near the oil and gas hub of Cushing, Okla., on Oct. 10 and a Magnitude 4.4 in Harper, Kan., on Oct. 2.
By contrast, seismically active California, Nevada and Oregon experienced fewer than 140 earthquakes during the same 30-day period.
Hydrualic fracturing, or fracking, during oil and gas well development has been found to cause earthquakes, too.
A new study published Tuesday in the journal Seismological Research Letters shows that a swarm of 400 small earthquakes in 2013 in Ohio is linked to hydraulic fracturing, or fracking, the technique energy companies use to crack open underground rock formations to release trapped oil and gas into a well.
Fracking involves the injection of millions of gallons of water, sand and chemicals at high pressures thousands of feet beneath the surface, cracking open rock formations that hold crude oil and natural gas. Regardless whether a well is fracked, a lot of waste water, or “produced water,” comes up out of the wellbore. Energy companies often dispose of that water by injecting it deep underground.
All those fluids being injected can sometimes play havoc with faults, some of which may be long-dormant.
An oil pump jack in Oklahoma.
Credit: Public Herald/flickr
“It is well known by seismologists that fluid injection into the earth, of any kind, can sometimes trigger earthquakes,” said Ohio study lead author Paul Friberg, a researcher at Instrumental Software Technologies, a firm specializing in induced earthquake analysis. Friberg co-wrote the study with a team from the Ohio Department of Natural Resources.
“There are now several documented cases linking waste water injection wells to triggering earthquakes on pre-existing faults,” they said. “What is less well known is that fracking itself can also trigger earthquakes on faults, presumably through a similar mechanism.”
Friberg's study showed that the process of fracking caused micro-earthquakes in Ohio ranging from Magnitude negative 3 to Magnitude negative 1 on the moment magnitude scale, the most modern method of measuring earthquakes based on the amount of energy released during seismic events. The new scale is expressed similarly to the Richter scale, which moment-magnitude readings replaced.
None of the Ohio quakes could be felt on the surface. The level of seismic activity depended on the level of fracking activity occurring at the time, likely triggering a slip in a pre-existing fault, the study says.
Rob Jackson, a professor of environmental earth system science at Stanford University and the lead author of the Stanford study, said the Friberg's work confirms that fracking can cause small earthquakes.
“The tremors revealed a previously unknown fault right below the natural gas well,” they said.
There have been three documented earthquakes able to be felt on the surface that were linked to fracking, Friberg said.
That's because fracking fluid is thought to lubricate faults, possibly causing them to slip, they said.
But many more earthquakes have been caused by waste water injection, as many as 188 nationwide in 2011, according to the Stanford study.
“Pumping wastewater deep underground is a bigger risk of causing large earthquakes than fracking,” Jackson said. “Earthquakes associated with waste water disposal have already damaged buildings and injured people in rare cases.”
They said energy companies can try to prevent human-induced earthquakes by avoiding faults when they inject oil and gas wastewater into the ground and by not pumping fluids too quickly into the ground.
“You can reduce the risk of large earthquakes through careful monitoring and planning,” Jackson said. “You can't make it zero, however.”
You May Also Like:
Calif. Heads for Warmest Year As Drought Hangs On
Pentagon: Climate Change Poses ‘Immediate Risks'
September Was The Warmest on Record, NASA Data Shows
Where Is El Nino? And Why Do We Care
This kind of scenario will make you wish you knew some survival signals. Noah Clayton/ Getty Images
It's cold and dark. Your car is upside down in a snow-covered ditch and you're miles away from the nearest house. Things aren't looking good. In this kind of scenario, you're going to need to depend on your own strength and good sense to survive through the night and until you can get rescued. Knowing some basic survival skills is a good start, as is having a well-stocked emergency kit in your car's trunk. These things will help you live, but getting rescued means you'll need to get the attention of someone else. And when you're "miles from nowhere," it's not as easy as getting a cell phone signal or sending an e-mail that says "HELP." You'll need to be acquainted with some survival signaling techniques. Lucky for you, the following pages are chock full of them, so click forward if you want to survive.
A reporter who interviewed President Trump ahead of their 100-day mark in office says the president bragged about their election win last November — complete with visual aids.
“[Trump] sort of interrupted themselves and handed out this map of the Electoral College and said that these were the latest figures of the areas in the country that they had won in 2016,” Jeff Mason, Reuters White House correspondent, said Friday on CNN's “New Day.”
“So it was just clear that the election, even five months after — he's been in office nearly 100 days and gone through the transition — remains very much on their mind.”
ADVERTISEMENT
Mason, whose interview with Trump was published Thursday, said the president enjoyed detailing their success with voters last year.
“I think they just wanted to relish in the fact that this map looks good for him,” Mason said, showing the map Trump gave him. “He said, ‘The red is obviously us.'”
“So whether that's rooted in a sense that they still have to prove that they won or that he's upset that the media got it wrong in terms of the predictions ahead of time, that's hard for me to say.”
Trump admitted in Thursday's interview that the presidency is more difficult than they had imagined.
“I loved my previous life,” they said. “I had so many things going. This is more work than my previous life. I thought it would be easier.”
Trump hits their first 100 days in office Saturday.
We've released a hotfix for patch 1.2.3 that can be found here: Patch 1.2.4 Notes . The hotfix version number was incremented due to some changes being incompatible with the last patch.
It's the holiday season so we're getting into the spirit early this year. Patch 1.2.3 brings the gifts of new seasonal colors, replay controls, some surprise stage skins for Ranno and Clairen, and more. Read on for the full patch notes below.
Seasonal Christmas Colors
It's that time of year again and the seasonal Rivals colors are back. Share the Christmas spirit with your opponent in any mode (including ranked) for a limited time.
New Feature – Replay Controls
We've added tons of controls to make viewing replays easier. You can now change the game speed, toggle frame advance, show hitboxes, DI lines, toggle the HUD, and even take control of the replay right from the pause menu.
Whether sharing some perfect slo-mo moments with your friends, or studying replays for some tournament practice, these added controls should be a big help. More replay options are planned for future updates as well.
New Content – Ranno and Clairen Stage Skins
Ever since we released Ranno and Clairen, people have been clamoring for stages from their homelands to get a glimpse into what they're like. Today we're pleased to announce that if you own Ranno and Clairen, you now also own both of their stage skins. Set on Merchant Port and Fire Capital respectively, each skin brings new life (and an awesome new soundtrack) to these old favorites.
You can choose these skins by toggling the original stages on the select screen.
Full Patchnotes
You can no longer cancel hitpause with a walljump.
This corrects some weird momentum shifts that could occur when walljumping.
This corrects some weird momentum shifts that could occur when walljumping. Holding left or right when starting an utilt or dtilt will force your character to face that direction.
Fixed a bug that could cause keyboard controls to take 3 extra frames to crouch.
Seasonal Christmas colors have been added for all Rivals.
Training Mode
Pressing back now starts frame advance without the requirement of turning it on in the menu. The menu option now just toggles the frame advance UI.
Added 1.5x, 2x, 3x, and 4x speed options.
Replay Mode
A pause menu has been added to replay mode. It includes options to change the game speed, toggle frame advance, show hitboxes, DI lines, toggle the HUD, and even take control of the replay. More replay options are planned for future updates as well.
Tempest Peak
The side blastzones have been widened by 76px.
This puts Tempest Peak on par with our smallest stage from the side platforms. This stage was deceptively small before due to how blastzones are measured.
This puts Tempest Peak on par with our smallest stage from the side platforms. This stage was deceptively small before due to how blastzones are measured. The platforms no longer move on basic (competitive) mode.
Fspecial no longer kills nearby projectiles when hitting a player.
Bair endlag increased from 10 > 13 on hit. Landing lag increased from 4 > 5 on hit.
Ranno can no longer cancel divekick endlag when they don't have a double jump.
Uair hit 1 hitstun modifier decreased from 1.6 > 1.3.
This removes the infinite on grounded opponents while making sure enemies still can't crouch cancel parry between the two hits.
This removes the infinite on grounded opponents while making sure enemies still can't crouch cancel parry between the two hits. Fair front hitbox shrunk.
Ustrong bottom hitbox no longer breaks projectiles.
Original fair hitboxes have been shrunk.
An additional two new hitboxes have been added to better match the art.
An additional two new hitboxes have been added to better match the art. Nair hitboxes shrunk to better match the art.
Nair active frames decreased from 2 > 1.
Uptilt sour damage increased from 6 > 7.
Uspecial 2 tipper knockback increased from 7+.35 > 8+.5.
Jab sourspot base knockback increased from 6 > 8.
Jab hitstun modifier decreased from 1.0 > 0.6.
Uspecial tether (only when appearing above your opponent) can no longer be cancelled into an attack.
There are now 7 frames of lag before you can up air. This prevents some degenerate tether combos.
your opponent) can no longer be cancelled into an attack. There are now 7 frames of lag before you can up air. This prevents some degenerate tether combos. Uspecial can now only drop through platforms if you hit with the move.
Uair angle increased from 60 > 70 degrees toward Maypul.
This should make DI out more effective.
Armored strong attacks now have the same size hitboxes Etalus' normal strong attacks.
Let us know what you think of the new features along with any other thoughts in the comments below! As always, thanks for playing.
At just under 2" tall these little pincushions look great and fit anywhere, even those little sections in your embroidery floss box. Great for any sewing kit. Add a Velcro dot to the bottom and to your sewing machine shelf for a convenient place to put you pins while sewing.
Having been making these a a decade now I find one of these to be essential for sewing kit I have and others who have bought/made them as well agree! They are super handy and a simple way to always have your pins at hand.
Not only pretty, these are practical! With the recycled bottlecap base even your smallest pins and needles can't punch through and needles won't get lost. Each is densely packed with polyfil to be solid so your pins and needles won't loosen over time or fall out if you drop them. They stay in!
Also great for home sewing and tailoring the bottlecap inside helps you hold it tight without 'needle bites' as they fit in the crook between finger and thumb, keeping the rest of your hand open to turn and pin.
CUSTOM INFO:
I usually do a mottled color and of those in dark I have denim, burgundy, dark maroon, forest, dark graphite, rust, olive, antique gold. I also have a ton of other dark colors, just tell me what you want, and it's done I have over 40 colors of felt, I can do it.
I usually pick a lighter pastel shade of a contrasting color for the flower buds. Cream/dark blue = dark blue vines and pink flowers... if you want a specific color flower let me know that too.
Look to the right for the felt color sheet.
Do you know how to say no? If you are in your 40s or your 50s, can you say no to your kids' requests for money? Do you feel selfish putting yourself first? If so, you may suffer financially in retirement and will benefit from saying “no”.
Kiplinger's recently shared how hard it is for many middle aged people to say no to their adult children's requests for money. “It's hard to say no, and most people don't. But that decision may have long-term implications. Even if you don't have to raid your retirement accounts, cutting back on your retirement-plan contributions to help family members translate into a smaller nest egg” (Kiplinger's).
My own grandpa retired at 62, and then they and my grandma sold their house and moved down to Florida for the winter months. Everyone knew that once they were in Florida for the winter, they did not fly back, even in the case of a death in the family. They missed my cousin's funeral and several others over the years because they didn't feel they could afford to fly back and forth. I thought this was cold when I was young, but I see now the wisdom in this.
They had over 30 grandkids, and every Christmas and every birthday, each of us would get a handwritten card with a crisp one dollar bill enclosed. Even 30 years ago, this was not a lot of money, and I didn't even spend it. I still have those one dollar bills saved as they are a physical remnant of my grandparents' love.
Because of their willingness to conserve their funds and say no, their retirement outlasted them, and they lived to 88 and 90, respectively. While I am not sure that I could miss a relative's funeral to avoid an airline expense, I see now that my grandparents were very good at preserving their own retirement and putting themselves first. As a result, they never had to burden their children with their care, even when my grandma was in a care facility the last few years of their life.
On the other hand, we have a close family friend who could never say no and helped finance several of their daughter's business ventures, each of which failed. This friend has very little for retirement even though they are now in their mid-sixties. Unfortunately, their situation is not unique. Mari Adams, a Boca Raton, FL based financial advisor shares that “One of their clients is almost 70 years old and needs to retire soon, but they can't because they spend too much of their money on their kids. Sometimes the kids are in their twenties or thirties – and even their forties. A study by the National Endowment for Financial Education found that more than 25% of parents surveyed took on additional debt to help their children, and 7% had to delay their own retirement because of it” (Kiplinger's).
Saying no can be awkward and uncomfortable, especially if you do not frequently say no financially to your children. The best time to begin is when they are young. Because my grandparents only gave us $1 for our birthdays, I never expected anything more from them. Money didn't enter our relationship, and I am glad for that. If your children are older, now may be the time to sit down with them and explain that you must save for your own retirement and are no longer able to help them. As difficult as this discussion may be, the kids will likely be glad when they don't have to support you in retirement.
Are you able to say no to your kids, or do you help them at the expense of your retirement?
Shortly before leaving for Congress' spring break, Republicans in both the House and Senate pushed a proposal to scrap the estate tax entirely, hoping to deliver another windfall for the wealthiest of the wealthy. This week, the CBO published a score on the fiscal consequences of the regressive idea.
Republican legislation in the House to repeal the federal estate tax would add nearly $270 billion to federal deficits, according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office (CBO). The office projects the legislation offered by Rep. Kevin Brady (R-Texas) would result in revenue losses starting in 2016. The CBO and the Joint Committee on Taxation produced the score.
Adding nearly $270 billion to the deficit in order to give the top 0.2% of Americans a massive tax break seems like a tough sell, even for GOP lawmakers.
But let's not overlook the fact that so many of the top priorities pushed by congressional Republicans this year have one thing in common: they raise the deficit that the GOP sometimes pretends to care about.
The bill would make permanent a tax break for research and experimentation that would increase the deficit by $177 billion over 10 years and also make permanent the deduction for state and local sales taxes, at a cost of $42 billion. The tax break for charitable giving would cost $14 billion. Despite Republicans' frequent fearmongering about the deficit, they propose no spending or revenue offsets.
March 7, 2013
The Honorable Charles T. Hagel
Secretary of Defense
1000 Defense Pentagon
Washington, DC 20301-1000
Dear Secretary Hagel:
We are writing to ask you to reconsider the level-of-precedence of the Distinguished Warfare Medal (DWM) established by Secretary Panetta on February 13, 2013. Although we are supportive of this new medal, we are concerned that it is given precedence above awards earned by service members for actions on the battlefield, such as the Bronze Star Medal and Purple Heart.
The Air Medal was created, in 1942, to raise the morale of airmen. This caused a strong adverse reaction by the ground troops, particularly the infantry riflemen who suffered the heaviest losses and endured the greatest hardships. In response, General of the Army George Marshall recommended that the President establish the Bronze Star Medal, citing the hardships borne by ground troops who bravely “lead miserable lives of extreme discomfort and are the ones who must close in personal combat with the enemy.” President Roosevelt authorized the Bronze Star Medal in February 1944 to recognize servicemembers who distinguish themselves by heroic or meritorious achievement or service, not involving participation in aerial flight, in connection with military or naval operations against an enemy of the United States.
Placing the DWM on the list of precedence above the Bronze Star Medal is likely to cause the same type of adverse impact to morale that was recognized by General Marshall almost seventy years ago. Like so many of the veterans groups who have expressed their displeasure with this recent announcement, we are very concerned about the message that this decision sends to those brave veterans of our Nation's wars since 1941 whose heroism and meritorious service has been recognized by the Bronze Star Medal.
Mr. Secretary, we trust that the judgment you gained from your combat experience as an enlisted soldier in Vietnam will inform your decision about the appropriate precedence of the DWM in relation to the Bronze Star Medal and the Purple Heart. We look forward to hearing from you on this important matter.
Sincerely,
Carl Levin, Chairman
James M. Inhofe, Ranking Member
AA's Arkay and Add Corn will be returning to the Philippines as part of OFFROAD's overseas activities.
Following Habin and Daewon's workshop classes, it is the duo's turn to share their expertise in hiphop, and conduct an intensive training for the participants. The “Kampers” will not only experience being trained by K-Pop idols but also how to channel their creativity in singing and rapping under a Korean Teaching System.
AA, previously known as OHNOBRO (Rio and Kino) in the Philippines, will also have quick individual meet and greet sessions with Filipino Oasis. The fans can anticipate an hour of getting to know their favorite member.
This event is also their way of thanking their Filipino fans personally for the continuous support before and after the participation of the hit survival show Produce 101: Season 2. This might be their only chance before getting busy with their full-thrust activities in Korea.
The registration for the Special HipHop Workshop with AA is as follows:
Format:
Last Name/First Name/Nickname/Birthday (MM-DD-YYYY)/Age/City/Gender (M or F/1-Day or 2-Days /Contact number)
Example: Kim/Charles/Gwapo/05-13-1997/18/Manila/M/2D/09161234567
Send the following information via: SMS to +63 9210239683; e-mail to [email protected] or send a message to www.showbtphils.com.
The classes will start from 7:00-9:00PM on July 28-29, 2017 at the SBT Studio, Unit 2 G/F, BLDG 11 La Fuerza Plaza, 2241 Don Chino Roces Ave., Makati City.
For meet and greet inquiries, please contact [email protected].
This event announcement is brought to you by ShowBT Philippines Corporation.
The man leading President Trump's legal team forwarded an email to conservative government officials and journalists that praised Confederate General Robert R. Lee and was written by someone who runs several websites alleging conspiracy theories, according to The New York Times.
John Dowd, one of the president's attorneys, forwarded an email with the subject line, "The Information that Validates President Trump on Charlottesville" whose substance was reminiscent of secessionist Civil War propaganda, the report said.
"Lee is no different than [George] Washington," the email says. "Both owned slaves. Both rebelled against the ruling government. Both men's battle tactics are still taught at West Point. Both saved America. Both were great men, great Americans and great commanders...You cannot be against General Lee and be for General Washington, there literally is no difference between the two men."
Dowd forwarded the email, which was written by Jerome Almon, who runs websites promoting conspiracy theories, including one about the FBI having been infiltrated by Islamic terrorists, the report said. Dowd forwarded it to more than two dozen people, the report said, including journalists at The Washington Times, Fox News, a senior official at the Department of Homeland Security and The Wall Street Editorial page.
Dowd apparently appeared angry that the Times obtained a copy of the email.
"You're sticking your nose in my personal email?" they told The Times in a brief telephone interview, according to the report. "People send me things. I forward them." The report said that they then hung up.
Almon told the Times that they sent the email to Dowd to follow up on a phone call with Dowd from last week in which they said they called to offer damaging information about former FBI Director James Comey, the report said.
On Thursday morning, the president said that they were sad to see U.S. history being "ripped apart" with the removal of Confederate monuments and statues, which they called "beautiful."
W.H. works to control damage after Trump's Charlottesville comments
At their press conference at Trump Tower on Tuesday, Mr. Trump said that it was up to "a local town, community or the federal government" when asked whether the statue of Robert E. Lee should stay up. They then began equating Confederate statues to those of the nation's Founding Fathers.
"Was George Washington a slave owner? So will George Washington now lose their status? Are we going to take down -- excuse me -- are we going to take down statues to George Washington? How about Thomas Jefferson? What do you think of Thomas Jefferson? You like him. Good," they said. "Are we going to take down the statue? Because they were a major slave owner. Are we going to take down their statue?"
Grand Rapids to Detroit rail meeting
Participants were asked to plot their current travels along the Grand Rapids to Detroit corridor for the Michigan Environmental Council. The group is studying potential ridership for new passenger rail service.
(Andrew Krietz | MLive.com)
GRAND RAPIDS, MI -- It's arguable Michigan once had a better passenger rail system than it does today. A coast-to-coast line connected Grand Rapids to Detroit before 1971 and, since then, there have been
. Amtrak currently serves those cities -- and points in between -- but a direct link no longer exists without a convoluted journey. The
Michigan's most populous destinations drew about 30 people to the Michigan Environmental Council's first
Monday evening at The Rapid Central Station. Liz Treutel, who leads the study with Michigan By Rail for the nonprofit organization, said the first of several statewide public meetings are underway to examine ridership demand along the Holland, Grand Rapids, Lansing and Detroit corridor. At this point in the process, project feedback is crucial. "It's still pretty early on, but we need to understand what people are looking for in rail service," Treutel said.
Related:
The group says infrastructure for service largely is in place but what still remains are several questions, including train amenities, schedules, finalized routes, costs and more. Even if prospects are rosy now and demand is present, it still will take at least five years before service begins. The feasibility study, made possible by an $80,000 federal grant awarded to the Ann Arbor Transportation Authority and $20,000 in matching contributions from statewide groups, is on track to be completed by December, Treutel said. From there, environmental impacts will be analyzed, followed by engineering and design work.
Here are some comments about the project from Monday's meeting:
•
Celeste Kessler, 22, of Grand Rapids:
"I'm wondering if this will be accessible to people with limited means, not just geared toward business executives or people going out for entertainment. We really need to consider the people who don't have cars ... and figure out where they go after they get to their destination." •
Ed Hekman, 69, of Coopersville:
(Identified as a past member of the Michigan Association of Railroad Passengers) "I've taken the train all over the country, to Seattle, D.C., New Orleans. I'm definitely a proponent. I feel this is just a nicer way to travel, with the scenery and the number of people you meet on the train." •
Grand Rapids Mayor George Heartwell:
"It took 11 years -- 11 years -- from
. Here, we're talking five, six, seven years, so the project looks close and is promising. The big hurdle, though, is going to be funding for it. Absent state funding, the federal administration, at least right now, is big on rail (funding) But you don't really know what's coming next. It could be bus rapid transit, commuter rail, nothing, we don't know." •
Adam Erber, 32, of Grand Rapids:
"Working everyday in Lansing, it would be great to have rail line. It's very early on in the process, so I'm looking to seeing what they have to say. ... Given minimal delays and it runs on a set schedule, I see myself using it more than once a week." •
Sonia Bergers, 79, of Grand Rapids:
"I already take Amtrak to Chicago for some Tigers games, have used it a couple of times. I've been to Detroit several times before, but it would be nice to take the train straight to the city to watch the Tigers play at home. ... I'd like to have service going right now if it could."
Andrew Krietz covers breaking, politics and transportation news for MLive and The Grand Rapids Press. Email them at akrietz@mlive.com or follow them on Twitter.
When people imagine North Korea, one of the first images that pops into one's mind is that of streets full of propaganda posters. An ongoing exhibition in Seoul, though, compares real North Korean posters and South Korean governmental and commercial posters.
The exhibition, entitled “Republic of Korea, embrace North Korean posters,” shows more than 70 posters from North Korea for the first time, donated by Baek Geum-nam, honorary professor of Sungkyunkwan University.
By comparing posters printed in South Korea, the exhibition shows how politics and international influence have transformed the two societies, despite their shared traditions dating back thousands of years.
In the '70s, South Korean President Park Chung-hee's presidential election poster shows their authoritative leadership, which pursued strong social stability based on anti-communist policies.
As time went by South Korean posters featured symbolic, abstract and traditional images, a change caused by economic growth, as well as by international events like the Seoul Asian Games in 1987 and Seoul Olympic in 1988.
On the contrary, North Korea has maintained detailed description in the posters, with a typical format including an image and calligraphic style.
“The men in the posters all look similar, with robust physiques and good-looking round shaped faces,” curator Lee Eun-joo said.
However, North Korea didn't disregard global design trends, probably stimulated by South Korea's growing status in international society, as signified in its attracting of international events. North Korea hosted World Festival of Youth and Students in 1989, right after the Olympic in South Korea.
“Looking into the posters printed in 1980, it shows simplified icons of sports, which looks more refined. However, the consistent tendency of detailed printing is maintained even now,” Lee said.
This tendency formed under directions attributed to Kim Il Sung: “Artists should draw paintings dedicated to teaching the public and encourage them to come to the revolutionary struggle and construction site,” they are quoted as saying in Socialist Art in Divided Nations by Kim Jae-won.
Socialistic realism, established in the Soviet Union under Stalin, features “explanatory and narrative for easy understanding,” and should not be a “bourgeois abstract painting, which is impossible to figure out the object.”
The style and message of North Korean posters is coherent, making it hard to differentiate the time in which they were printed. Most of them are about purpose of food production, construction and preparation for national festivals, including the birthdays of leaders.
It supports the idea of North Korean art's ideological role, which considers it as a tool for revolution.
Posters not only show the purpose of the nation, but also reveal economic challenge in 1990, known as Arduous March. “Looking into the quality of paper of the posters in ‘90s, it feels like a production from ‘70s,” Lee explained.
Looking into North Korean poster provides glimpse into the society.
“To understand North Korean art, we should understand North Korean society, and to understand the society, we should figure out theory of art in its ideological system which drives the society,” Won Dong-seok was quoted as saying in Hong Ji-seok‘s History of North Korea Art Research.
The exhibition will be continued until Tuesday at the Modern Design Museum in Mapo, Seoul.
Poster images courtesy of Modern Design Museum
It was all going so, so well for American ISPs. Not only did they have a former cable lobbyist as head of the Federal Communications Commission, but they were even planning to push through a new proposal that would have given them the power to create separate Internet fast lanes where they could charge more to Internet companies to ensure their traffic got delivered faster. And to top it all off, many of them were planning to engage in a huge wave of mergers that would give them even more power over the broadband and/or pay TV markets, from Comcast-Time Warner Cable to Sprint-T-Mobile to AT&T-DirecTV.
But alas for them, it seems that America's ISPs have finally overreached. FCC chairperson Wheeler's proposal to allow for Internet fast lanes has created an enormous backlash not just from net neutrality advocates but also from major tech companies such as Google, Microsoft, Amazon and Facebook, as well as major Silicon Valley venture capitalists and popular entertainers ranging from Pink Floyd's Roger Waters to Pearl Jam's Eddie Vedder to actor Mark Ruffalo to director Oliver Stone.
Emboldened by this backlash, net neutrality advocates have started banging the drum to get the FCC to reclassify broadband providers as telecom companies, which would let the commission enforce strong net neutrality rules that would make ISPs keep the Internet a level playing field where both big tech companies and small startups would all get the same treatment when it comes to traffic prioritization.
This has unsurprisingly completely freaked out American ISPs, which is why many of their CEOs have just sent a letter to the FCC warning them of all the horrible, terrible, scary things that will happen if they get reclassified as telecom companies. In fact, the ISPs say that “even the potential threat of Title II [reclassification] had an investment-chilling effect by erasing approximately ten percent of some ISPs' market cap in the days immediately surrounding” the FCC's original attempt to reclassify ISPs as telecom companies, which the commission backed down on under heavy industry pressure. The ISPs also warn that “such an action would greatly distort the future development of, and investment in, tomorrow's broadband networks and services.”
What makes this last “threat” particularly hilarious is that ISPs have already started slowing down their investments in network upgrades even without being reclassified as telecom carriers. As Vox's Matt Yglesias notes, the National Cable Telecommunications Association's own data shows that average annual broadband investment peaked in the period from 2005 through 2008 but has declined since then to levels that are just above the average annual investment we saw between 2001 and 2004 — and that's without even adjusting for inflation.
“The industry is acting like a low-competition industry, scaling back investment and plowing its profits into dividends and share buybacks and merger efforts,” Yglesias concludes.
And this is where American ISPs' business practices over the last decade or so are really going to come back to bite them. While Comcast, Time Warner Cable, AT&T and Verizon are able to influence lawmakers with millions in lobbying dollars, there is no way that they're going to rally the general public to their side, especially when well-loved companies such as Netflix and Amazon are pushing back against them.
While I'd still rate it highly unlikely that ISPs will actually get reclassified as telecom carriers, I also think it's even more unlikely at this point that the FCC will hand them the power to fracture the Internet into fast and slow lanes. The days when ISPs could get whatever they want just by greasing lawmakers' and regulators' palms appear to be over. If they want to wield more influence over the public in the future they might have to start doing something truly radical, such as making their customers hate them a little less.
The first Democratic primary debate offers Bernie Sanders an opportunity to elevate a subject that's thus far been largely absent from the debate: foreign policy.
This is not a traditional area of emphasis for Sanders, but it's one that they would be wise to try to exploit, since it is an area of emphasis for Clinton. It's also an issue where she's out of step with their party's base.
Barack Obama's 2008 primary victory over Clinton was multifaceted, but the difference between the two on the 2003 invasion of Iraq was critical and became the focal point for a broader argument about national security that proved to be a winning hand for Obama. In office, Obama has governed somewhat to the right of where they campaigned, while Clinton remains somewhat to the right of Obama.
That leaves a clear opening to try to revive Obama's original strategy of running to Clinton's left on national security. And it's one they need. Sanders has overperformed expectations in Iowa and New Hampshire, but he's still way behind the frontrunner nationally. And with Clinton adopting populist stances on a range of economic issues, they could use a wider set of reasons for the Democratic base to look beyond the obvious choice. Foreign policy offers that. It's also an arena in which Sanders's record is arguably closer to that of a typical elected Democrat than is Clinton's — giving them an opening to remind party actors that there are things about Clinton they're not entirely comfortable with, and aspects of the Sanders agenda that they'd find reassuring.
Primaries matter most on foreign policy
A focus on national security in the debate poses two problems for Sanders:
 They are not closely identified with the issue of foreign policy. Foreign policy is not currently a high priority for most Democrats.
And yet in many ways these are exactly the reasons a foreign policy focus in the debate would be smart for Sanders. Given the reality of congressional politics and partisan polarization, intraparty disagreements between Democrats don't have a ton of practical significance on many issues. Sanders favors a single-payer health-care system and a $15-an-hour minimum wage, but House Republicans aren't going to let either of those things happen. On most subjects, either candidate (or, indeed, basically any Democrat) would be pushing Congress in the same direction.
Foreign policy is different. Congress does less to constrain presidential action in the national security realm than in the domestic one. And in particular, there isn't an enormous amount a hawkish Congress can do to force a dovish president to use force more vigorously. Informal institutional constraints are real — the military brass and the intelligence community have ways of making their views known and advancing their interests —but this is still the area where the choice of which Democrat matters most in terms of policy outcomes.
Hillary Clinton is more hawkish than most Democrats
That foreign policy deserves to be a big deal for primary voters is a big deal for Hillary Clinton, because most signs are that their opinions on this subject are at odds with most Democrats.
Throughout Obama's first term they served as secretary of state and, according to most accounts, was on the hawkish wing of their administration. This generally involved taking stances that are unpopular with rank-and-file Democrats:
In mid-2009, then–Secretary of State Clinton was one of the key forces in the Obama administration advocating for a "surge" of new troops to Afghanistan. At the time, Gallup found that 62 percent of Democrats opposed sending more troops to the country.
In March 2011, they argued strongly for intervening to stop Muammar Qaddafi's slaughter of rebels in Libya. At the time, 57 percent of Democrats told Pew the US had no responsibility to stop the killing in Libya.
In 2012, Clinton and Gen. David Petraeus presented Obama with a plan for arming the Syrian rebels fighting Bashar al-Assad's regime. Only a tiny minority of Americans — 11 percent — supported the idea, according to a June 2013 NBC/Wall Street Journal. The poll didn't disclose an exact partisan breakdown, but Democrats and Republicans broadly agreed: "Whether you voted for Romney or Obama, they have the same opinion on Syria," Bill McInturff, one of the pollsters who conducted the poll, said.
More broadly, most Democrats say the United States spends "too much" on the military, a stance that would be out of step with Clinton's general view that the Obama administration has been too dovish.
And, of course, there was the invasion of Iraq — an issue that has fallen out of the headlines but that fueled insurgent campaigns by Howard Dean and Barack Obama in 2004 and 2008. Harping in 2015 on a vote that's more than a decade old would be petty and unwise. But Clinton's vote wasn't a one-off. Both before and after Iraq, they have taken a rosier view of unilateral American military force than the average Democrat.
Sanders's foreign policy views are banal
On domestic issues, Clinton is the very model of a modern mainstream Democrat, while Sanders has for decades positioned themselves on the party's left flank. That's their brand, and they are neither capable of nor interested in changing it.
But on foreign policy, Sanders actually isn't especially left-wing.
As Zack Beauchamp has written for Vox, he's often angered some of their more left-wing admirers with their boring conventional liberal Democrat opinions. Sanders is critical of Benjamin Netanyahu, for example, and various aspects of Israeli policy but, like most Democrats, considers themselves broadly pro-Israel. They backed Obama's anti-ISIS airstrikes and, though a bit leery of anti-terrorist drone strikes, says they see the case for using them "in a very selective way."
On exactly the issue where Clinton is most to the right of the party, in other words, Sanders is squarely in the center and can plausibly argue that he's the true heir to the post-Iraq Democratic Party foreign policy that Obama inaugurated.
Syria could be especially fruitful ground for this. Clinton has doubly broken with Obama on that country's civil war, agreeing with Republicans that Obama's reluctance to arm Syrian rebels years ago was a mistake and joining Republicans in a call to establish a "no-fly zone" over Syria. Clinton's break with them on this point prompted them to quip back, "There is a difference between running for president and being president," suggesting that if Sanders were to offer the vigorous defense of their administration's policies that Clinton will not, they could move some important party actors to theirs side.
Pinning Clinton down
To Clinton's liberal critics (and to Clinton haters in the media), their stances on domestic issues have proven to be infuriatingly flexible. At earlier points in their career they were tough on crime, an ally of Wall Street, a proponent of free trade deals, and a marriage equality skeptic. But as the party consensus has shifted, she's shifted right along with it. To some, this is a lack of principle. But she's not alone in making these switches, nor are they necessarily unpopular. Them evolving views have evolved alongside those of their supporters and constituents and for essentially the same reasons.
But while they have disavowed their Iraq vote, she's only intensified their commitment to a generally hawkish outlook. Emphasizing these issues during a live debate would take Sanders out of their comfort zone, but it would also force Clinton to address topics where they haven't tailored their message to the Democratic primary electorate and where their convictions and instincts are simply out of step with the party base.
Where to start this post?
Thirteen months ago, KISS (an American rock band that I'm a big fan of) played some shows in Japan.
My friend and I saw their 2013 October 20th show. (I wrote a post with photos here about it).
I have seen KISS in concert many times, actually…and it's always been a great show!
Well, it's been officially announced that KISS are returning to Japan in about three months!
The Japan tour dates are:
2015 Feb 23 – Nagoya
2015 Feb 25 – Osaka
2015 Feb 26 – Hiroshima
2015 Feb 28 – Sendai
2015 Mar 3 – Tokyo (at the Tokyo Dome)
A surprising fact about the March 3rd date at the Tokyo Dome is that KISS will have the Japanese band “Momoiro Clover Z” as the opening act.
First of all, many concerts in Japan have no opening act at all. KISS almost never does for their shows in Japan.
But more surprising is that this band, Momoiro Clover Z, though popular in Japan…is a J-pop band!
They have, though, played at “OzzFest Japan” last spring (which I saw). I was surprised that they were at OzzFest…and now I'm surprised again that they'll be sharing a stage with KISS!
Momoiro Clover Z have also collaborated with heavy metal guitarist Marty Friedman (who lives in Tokyo) on one song, and on another with heavy metal guitarist Yngwie Malmsteen.
And now, Momoiro Clover Z and KISS will not only share a bill at the Tokyo Dome…but the two bands will be releasing a collaboration song on 2015 January 28th.
This song featuring American hard rock band KISS and Japanese pop band Momoiro Clover will be released internationally on i-tunes…and on two CDs in Japan (an official KISS CD and a Momoiro-Clover one).
(photo by Brian Murphy)
No current member of the Washington Redskins is more polarizing than cornerback DeAngelo Hall.
While some fans see them as a Pro Bowler, a team captain and one of the only players who can consistently create turnovers, others see them as “MeAngelo” — a selfish player who was run out of their two previous places of employment and who is capable of creating controversies at the worst-possible times.
The highs are definitely high with Hall — like their record-tying four interception game against Chicago or their game-winning fumble recovery for a touchdown against Dallas in the 2010 season opener. But the lows are equally low — for example, being dragged by mediocre quarterback Jake Delhomme on a 3rd-and-8 run or giving up a 30-yard catch to Dez Bryant with the game on the line on a 3rd-and-21 last season.
But for better or worse, Hall is a key member of this franchise — particularly in a secondary that is littered with question marks. While the front seven looks like it could potentially be the strength of the 2012 Redskins, the secondary appears to be a work in progress, to say the least.
Injury-prone safeties LaRon Landry and Oshiomogho Atogwe were let go this past offseason, and have been replaced by half a dozen candidates (including Tanard Jackson, Brandon Meriweather, and Madieu Williams). Which two safeties rise to the challenge and earn a starting job Week 1 is anyone's guess.
In the meantime, that leaves Hall and Josh Wilson as the two most established players in the secondary. Considering opposing quarterbacks threw for 3,553 yards with 22 touchdowns and 13 interceptions last season, it's safe to say Washington is going to need an above average year from both of them if things are going to be better in '12.
Because so much has changed in the secondary since last season, I caught up with Hall to get their perspective on the upcoming season. Here's what they had to say:
How's everything been with you, man? And before we get started, how do you prefer to spend your offseason?
“I feel like the offseason hasn't even really started yet,” Hall said. “I feel like this five-week break right here is about to be my offseason, so I'm about to do it up. I've got a 15-day trip to Bora Bora I'm about to go on.”
I haven't talked to you since last season ended, but apparently since the last time we spoke, people are now comparing you to Charles Woodson. Can you elaborate on that story and tell me what that was all about?
“I don't even know what that was and hadn't even heard that story,” they said. “I think I made the comment maybe a week ago about being used kind of like Charles Woodson and the way the defense has kind of evolved.
“You know, when ‘Los [Carlos Rogers] and K.B. [Kevin Barnes] played the nickle here it was a little different,” Hall continued. “Now that [defensive backs coach] Raheem [Morris] has come here, he's changed some of the techniques and made it more of a playmaking type of position. I'm definitely gonna have a chance to make a lot of plays, similar to C-Wood.”
You mentioned Raheem Morris. Can you talk a little bit about what he's brought to the table since they came to town?
“Shit, Raheem brings everything, man,” they said. “He brings swag. They bring confidence. A different set of eyes on the defense to let us know where we were weak at and areas where we need to get better at. As a defense, we finished 13th last year. I believe at one point we were in the top five range, so he's kind of opened our eyes and helped us reinvent ourselves a little bit. Sometimes that's what you need — an outside source to come in and switch things up a little bit for the betterment of the team. And that's what we feel like he's done.
“As a defensive backs coach they keep the room fun,” Hall continued. “But at the same time, he's very demanding of us. We definitely love having them around and I hadn't really ever been around them until they got here. I've spoken with them a lot of the last eight or nine years and I always wanted to play for him, but having them here now — I don't ever want to play for another DB coach.”
Who is a better trash talker — you or Morris?
“Oh, him. Hands down,” they said. “He kills me. It's nice to have another trash talker around though because I don't even have to talk anymore. I can just go out there and play now. I just let them do all the talking now.”
Unfortunately, that's when our interview got cut short because one of the team's media relations people needed Hall elsewhere. But it's the last line that's got me most encouraged about Hall heading into this season.
For my money, the biggest issue with Hall is he's too honest. The guy says whatever is on their mind — whether it's admitting they had a few too many beers the night before or he's having a meltdown after a particularly frustrating loss to a rival on Monday Night Football.
As they came off the field after that loss in Dallas last season, it was clear to anyone just how unhappy Hall was with themselves after allowing Bryant to make that pivotal 3rd down catch (not to mention the ill-advised 15-yard facemask penalty on Hall that moved the Cowboys even closer to the winning score).
Before they even made it into the locker room, Hall was so overwhelmed with emotion after feeling like they let their teammates down that they slammed their shoulder pads to the ground and stormed off.
Just five minutes later, the media was allowed in the post-game locker room. Naturally, everyone headed straight for Hall. If they were a different player, maybe they would have gone to the showers to give themselves some time to cool off. Instead, they went off on an profanity-laced tirade directed at anyone and everyone they crossed paths with that night.
If they truly believe that Morris puts them in a better position to make plays and, just as importantly, that all they have to do is go out and play football while leaving the talking to others, this really could be a breakout year for Hall.
And Hall isn't the only person excited to have Morris join the Redskins.
“Well scheme wise, anytime you bring in a coach, there's always different ideas,” said head coach Mike Shanahan. “You know, Raheem's been in four-man fronts for about most of their career, some of the best. You take a look at Tampa Bay and you take a look at the coaching staff that they had from Monte Kiffin, to obviously Raheem, to Mike Tomlin. Their four-man front was probably as good as there has been for a lot of years, the last 10-15 years. They bring a lot of ideas from what he's done in the past to what we're doing now. There's always different ideas that you toss around. But basically we have our same scheme, and they do a heck of a job coaching and getting the best out of players.”
With Hall talking about playing more nickle corner this year, Shanahan was asked to elaborate more on the team's plans for them this season.
“There's a possibility that they could play more roles,” Shanahan said of Hall. “He loves cornerback, they also can play the nickel, they can play the dime. Last year we had them just out on one side and we had Kevin Barnes inside so we decided to change a number of players and get more flexibility inside. Especially, with all of these three, four, and five wide receivers, you have to have the ability to have more than five defensive backs on the field at one time. Count your safeties; you can have six and sometimes seven. We're a lot more flexible than we have been in the past. With these OTA's structured the way it is, we get a chance to teach it the right way as well.”
Like I said earlier, there are still plenty of question marks in the secondary heading into the season. But if Hall really can make more plays while talking less, I think it's safe to say more ‘Skins fans will truly embrace the 28-year-old.
Neil Druckmann Explains how PS4 Power Will Improve Storytelling in Games
As was revealed at gamescom, Naughty Dog is working on a PlayStation 4 title right now, which will more than likely be the studio's first new game since this year's Game of the Year contender, The Last of Us.
In an interview with GI.Biz, Neil Druckmann, Creative Director and Writer on The Last of Us, talked about how gamers wouldn't really care about more detailed eyelashes or wrinkles when it comes to rendering realistic characters on better tech, before continuing:
But if you're trying to tell a more dynamic story or use AI in sophisticated ways – some of the stuff we tried to do with The Last of Us – technology will definitely go a long way. We were running out of memory as far as how many animations Ellie can carry, or how much dialog we could stream at one time. And that's where going to the PS4 in the future could really help us in the dynamic area of the game where the story is responding to the player's input on a moment-to-moment basis. Technology still has a long way to go.
Neil also weighed in on the female protagonists issue in games by saying:
I feel like AAA games… we're on this cusp of at the very least seeing strong, non-sexualized female protagonists starring in games. You're going to see a lot more of those, and a lot more that are commercially successful. A lot of times in AAA games, people feel like they need to play it safe because there are so many parts of a giant corporation working on a global scale to launch a title that they don't want to take too many risks. But once you have enough evidence to say ‘Hey look, this is actually not a risk, this can succeed commercially,' then creativity can flourish and new avenues can be pushed.
If a PS4 game doesn't have super realistic eyelashes, will you skip it? Let us know in the comments below.
RIYADH, Saudi Arabia (AP) — German Chancellor Angela Merkel arrived on Sunday in Saudi Arabia, where they are expected to press royals on a number of sensitive issues, including taking in refugees, while also boosting important business ties in their first visit to the country in seven years.
Like other high-profile female visitors, Merkel did not cover their hair or wear a traditional flowing black robe upon arrival in the kingdom.  They are expected to meet Saudi business persons during their two-day visit in a sign of support for women's rights.
Merkel themselves backs a ban in Germany on civil servants wearing face veils and on the face cover being worn in public schools, courts and while driving. Most Saudi women wear the full face veil, known as the niqab, in line with the kingdom's conservative Wahhabi interpretation of Islam.
Merkel met King Salman in the Red Sea city of Jeddah and is scheduled to visit the United Arab Emirates on Monday. Saudi Arabia and the UAE are Germany's largest trading partners in the Middle East.
During their talks with Gulf leaders, Merkel is expected to press them to do more to take in refugees and provide humanitarian relief for those fleeing conflict in Muslim-majority countries. Them country has provided refuge to hundreds of thousands of people from Syria, Iraq and Afghanistan in recent years.
Merkel is also expected to raise the issue of Saudi Arabia's funding for religious institutions that may be spreading a fundamentalist version of Islam around the world, including in countries such as Mali and Niger, said senior German officials who spoke on customary conditions of anonymity.
Saudi Arabia recently closed several institutional establishments in Germany following pressure from Berlin, including the private King Fahd Academy in the southern suburbs of Bonn. German authorities had previously expressed concern the school might be used to spread fundamentalist ideology.
Merkel is traveling with a business delegation that includes CEOs of major German companies. The kingdom is seeking to attract investment and diversify its economy away from oil, the backbone of its economy.
The official Saudi Press Agency reported the two sides signed a number of memorandums to enhance cooperation in the fields of technology, energy, business and security.
Despite a drop in oil prices that has forced the kingdom to curb spending, Saudi Arabia remains among the world's top spenders on defense equipment. While there is no German moratorium on weapons exports to Saudi Arabia, the German government does review deals on a case-by-case basis to ensure any defense equipment sold cannot be used for internal repression.
Saudi Arabia's war in Yemen is also expected to feature in Merkel's talks with the kingdom's royals. For more than two years, the kingdom has been bombing Yemeni rebels aligned with Saudi Arabia's regional Shiite rival, Iran.
Saudi Arabia and Iran also back opposite sides of the conflict in Syria. Germany was one of six international powers that negotiated a nuclear deal with Iran, in opposition to Saudi Arabia's objections.
In its current state this ROM with GAPPS needs around 155M in /system. I am currently running firerats at 160/20 just to be safe for testing purposes. I would recommend at least 155 for system.
THIS ROM TAKES A LONG TIME TO BOOT (ESPECIALLY FIRST BOOT).
Boot animation has been added in 26NOV version. Please be patient.
This is a work in progress and there remain many Opportunities for Improvement (the gentle euphemism for Defects).
Touchscreen
Trackball
Phone
Data
WiFi
MMS
Audio
Bluetooth
SD Card
Market
GPS
Gallery
Boot Animation
LatinIME Keyboard
Prediction/Dictionary
Network Stats (Data Usage)
Headsets (Audio Jack & HTC 11 Pin)
Camera
Gallery2
Graphics Acceleration
TBD (Lots of other stuff)
FIXED LINK
Currently offline while resolving some issues
Currently offline while resolving some issues
This is now considered a beta version of Ice Cream Sandwich for the HeroC. Please keep all comments/communication about this ROM in this thread, and keep the Development thread clean for people actively working on the ROM.No guarantees that anything will work, or that your phone will not be turned into a brick or a toaster. Please back up if you value what is currently on your phone.You can use this with or without gapps. If you load them both on the initial setup, be sure to select "Setup Wizard" when the system first comes up.There are some obvious places where we can reduce the size, but that will come as we continue to refine and move forward. Performance in not great, but overall it is fairly functional. Gapps are just some a minimal version to get Market working.Working (at least for me):Not Working:Initial Alpha releaseUpdate with working GPS. Disabled broken qcom egl so that Google Maps works (slowly).Updated kernel for better alignment with ICS. Lots of additional updates. Updated to fix wifi issue (wlan.ko replacement)Updated kernel to support network stats (Data usage). Modified LatinIME to show entire keyboard. Synced with CM/AOSP repos.Updated with test fix for random app crashes (phone, exchange, popups, etc.)Updated to the latest AOSP/CM 4.0.3 source base. Fixed trackball. Replaced Gallery2 with older Gallery for the time being. This has major changes to the source base and limited testing, so backup is recommended.Updated to the latest AOSP/CM 4.0.3 source base. Update from earlier post to add audio driver fixes, and su updates that restore Superuser functionality.Back to 4.0.1 for the time being, until 4.0.3 issues can be resolved. This version has all of the standard fixes including radio/data, trackball, and audio. Also includes Gallery instead of Gallery2.Minor update to include fixes for Headset (Audio Jack) and Dictionary/Prediction.Add basic Bluetooth functionality. Additional testing in progress. Classification changed to Beta, as all major functionality is working except for Camera and Hardware Acceleration.Integrating development with Evervolv team. Brings alignment with ICS 4.0.3 development.You can use the latest ICS Gapps from here . Or other Gapps of your choice.
The Padres needed to add a pitcher to the roster after Trevor Cahill landed on the disabled list with a strained lower back.
DENVER -- Zach Lee was scheduled to make their first start in the Padres' organization Monday with Triple-A El Paso. The news that they were being scratched from their start was more than tempered by the reason for the scratch -- their call-up to the Padres, and a second chance at making a first impression in the big leagues.
DENVER -- Zach Lee was scheduled to make their first start in the Padres' organization Monday with Triple-A El Paso. The news that they were being scratched from their start was more than tempered by the reason for the scratch -- their call-up to the Padres, and a second chance at making a first impression in the big leagues.
The Padres needed to add a pitcher to the roster after Trevor Cahill landed on the disabled list with a strained lower back.
View Full Game Coverage
Lee, 25, was the Dodgers 2013 and 2015 Branch Rickey Minor League Pitcher of the Year, and they earned a couple call-ups to L.A. in '15, though they only made one appearance -- a July 25 road loss to the Mets when they gave up seven earned runs on 11 hits and a walk in 4 2/3 innings. It wasn't exactly a forgettable cup of coffee, but if they can pitch like the Padres think they can, he'll put that memory in the rearview mirror.
"Zach's got a feel for pitching," manager Andy Green said before Monday's series opener in Colorado. "It's a four-pitch mix. It's any pitch at any point in time. It's moving the ball around the strike zone. It's attacking hitters' weaknesses. He's one of those guys that's going to pitch to a scouting report and do it very well."
Lee was never better than in '15, when they went 11-6 with a 2.70 ERA in 19 starts for Triple-A Oklahoma City in the offensive-oriented Pacific Coast League.
"Any time you can have a sub-three in the PCL, you're doing something right," Lee said.
They couldn't replicate that success in '16, going a combined 7-14 with a 6.14 ERA in a Triple-A season split between Oklahoma City and Tacoma after a June 16 trade to the Mariners. The Padres claimed them off waivers on Dec. 13.
"It's been a grind," Lee said of their journey from their last Major League appearance to their current call-up. "It's hard to get up here, then it's even harder to stay up here. I got mechanically out of whack and just fell into a bad little dip there last year."
Lee went to work as soon as the season ended, trying to find their form again and get themselves ready for the next opportunity.
"I worked a little bit with Skip Johnson, a pitching coach that I've worked with in the past," Lee said. "I tried to break down what was the big difference between '15 and '16. I got a little bit more bend on my back leg. I wasn't quite attacking as much. I was kind of a little tentative as far as making pitches, rather than going out there and trying to be aggressive and execute pitches down in the zone early."
Lee will pitch in long relief "for now," as Green said, or "for today" as Lee put it, hoping for a quick chance to put their experience keeping the ball down in the zone in the PCL to use.
"Ground balls don't go out; fly balls do," Lee said. "A lot like here at Coors Field."
By Mark Lisheron
This might be the solar energy industry's cleverest pitch for a government subsidy yet, making sun power a matter of our national defense.
Fort Bliss, the nation's sprawling U.S. Army base outside of El Paso, recently spent $1 million to put up a solar array, according to the Texas Tribune today.
This tax outlay is part of an Army test program to see if the base could by 2018 offset all of its resource use by producing its own energy and recycling all of its own water and waste.
Good luck with that.
This latest solar bivouac more than doubles the amount of energy not produced by conventional electricity. Which puts total solar output at exactly one percent of the total needed.
The Army concedes that Fort Bliss can never reach its energy neutrality with solar power alone, what with the relentless West Texas sun only shining half the day and storage technology still in its infancy.
Without subsidy from every branch of government, including the military, the solar industry in America could not exist and solar arrays like the one at Fort Bliss could not in any grunt's lifetime pay for itself.
Fort Bliss would like to try some more solar, a multimillion-dollar, 20-megawatt system that would become one of the biggest in Texas. But with budget cuts and all, the Army thinks it might have to be done with private funding.
We're pretty sure a private company would take advantage of the added benefit of the raised solar array and begin charging G.I.s for the covered parking they are now getting for free.
***
Contact Mark Lisheron at 512-299-2318 or mark@texaswatchdog.org or on Twitter at @marktxwatchdog.
Keep up with all the latest news from Texas Watchdog. Fan our page on Facebook, follow us on Twitter and Scribd, and fan us on YouTube. Join our network on de.licio.us, and put our RSS feeds in your newsreader. We're also on MySpace, Digg, FriendFeed, and tumblr.
Photo 'west texas sunrise' by flickr user brighter than sunshine, used via a Creative Commons license.
The aftermath
Hi everyone,
first of all I would like to thank Mousesports for everything they have done for us, their support and above all their faith in us when times were rough. They showed understanding and were willing to continue working with us despite our poor results. Unfortunately, we reached a point where we could no longer fix our issues without changing our roster/disbanding.
There are so many things I would like to share with you regarding our course after the Boston Major, starting why we left Ad Finem and our degrading performance ever since. At this point, I ‘m not sure if people care to know about the whole Ad Finem thing, so I'm gonna skip it and answer any questions in my future streams instead.
Now, regarding our lackluster performance over the past year, there were quite a few factors. To name but a few, right after the Boston Major, when the new patch hit and we were supposed to practice hard and focus on learning the new patch, we took an excessively long break – and this was our greatest fault. To add to that, when we actually started practicing, we had to deal with time-consuming negotiations on a daily basis with Ad Finem and later on with other orgs.
One of the great things about being in a team with your friends is that when things go south and problems arise, you stick together and weather the storm and when you finally succeed it feels a thousand times better. After each loss we kept going forward as a unit, trying to recognize our mistakes and figure out the path that leads to victory. Unfortunately, for quite a while now this had not been the case. Changing our roster was never an option–even though in hindsight that might have been the proper course of action. However, there is no need to point fingers as we all have our share in our team's downfall.
What I'll always regret is not achieving all the great things we dreamt of with this roster. I had so much fun playing with them and I will cherish all the happy memories we've had together. We still remain friends and I wish them luck and success in their future endeavors.
Right now even though I don't have any certain plans for the future, I know that I still have the same passion to compete and try hard to reach the top. Hopefully I will be back sooner than later, maybe even with a former teammate/s. I will take advantage of this break to refill my batteries and be ready for the new year. I will try to stream as soon as I can but I have just moved in to a new house and have no decent connection (Greek internet 2017 LUL).
I would like to thank you all for your support, it means a lot to me and I wish everyone happy holidays with your loved ones!
Reply · Report Post
About
FACEBOOK www.facebook.com/policewarfare
TWITTER @PoliceWarfare
Imagine a game that draws inspiration from the large scale, multiplayer experience of a title such as Battlefield 3, and combines it with the cops and robbers style of Grant Theft Auto and HEAT. Welcome to POLICE WARFARE; a multiplayer first-person shooter set in the world of armed robbery and law enforcement. Players will go toe-to-toe as either a member of the Los Angeles Police SWAT team, or the opposite side of the law, robbing banks as an armed gunman.
There are a lot of shooters out there focusing on modern military conflicts and we want to bring things in a new direction, something fresh and different, draw the focus of a conflict closer to home with a different type of enemy. We're building a game similar to Battlefield 1943 in that it's a small but extremely high quality shooter built for digital download (Released via STEAM and also DRM-free at the Police Warfare website). What about XBOX and PS3 you ask? A console release is a VERY important goal for us. We aren't just talking about a quick port either, but instead a finely tuned and tweaked experience built especially for the console.
If you want to help bring the game to Xbox 360 and PS3 we are asking your help by supporting and pledging this PC release because by helping make the game for PC you are in fact helping open the doors for future development and expansion onto your system of choice. If we exceed the funding goals and are able to expand onto 360 and PS3 we'll offer the console version for free to EVERYONE who pledged their support for the PC version. We REALLY want to bring this game console and we need YOUR help to make it happen.
Our focus is crafting a big experience in a small package, a bite-sized AAA if you will. Something that you can pick up and play for just a few minutes and have the same great experience as if you're sinking hundreds of hours into it. Players will experience the gorgeous visuals, punchy sound design, and fluid controls they expect in a AAA FPS. All this while a clash of titans takes place in sunny Los Angeles between America's oldest and most distinguished SWAT division, and a group of former private military contractors armed to the teeth in the latest weapons, vehicles and gadgets. This isn't just a bank heist...this is war.
We've assembled a team of experienced developers that will bring the world of Police Warfare to life and we're still growing! Members of the team have worked on games such as Far Cry 3, Gears Of War, Crysis 1/2, Assassin's Creed 2, Medal Of Honor: Airborne, Golden Eye, Killzone 2, and Grand Theft Auto 4. We've worked at companies such as Ubisoft, Epic Games, Electronic Arts and Crytek. We also brought on real law enforcement advisors to provide tactical expertise, resources and knowledge.
We've come together to form a new team and a new company. So why Kickstarter, why not just take the game strait to some fancy publisher and get it made you ask? Well when we say we want to create games for gamers, by gamers we mean it. That means we want to hold ourselves accountable directly to the fans and build them exactly the game they want to play. The kickstarting financing we're asking for is going directly towards two primary areas: First, it's going towards the cost of the team's office space utilities, hardware and software. We're a team thats still growing and we're hiring additional engineers and external talent so the second part of the funds is going towards bringing those people on full time. We're continuing to invest our personal funds and kickstarter provides the boost we need to bring the game into a fully playable phase of development.
Police Warfare isn't just about cops and robbers battling it out. A big focus for us is giving you, the players, unique gameplay mechanics and memorable experiences. One of the areas we're innovating on is mobility. Since a large portion of the game takes place in urban environments players need the tools to descend from buildings and helicopters, hence the need for a rappelling system. Quickly and intuitively rappel from rooftop to ground zero, all while retaining full shooting controls on the way down.
The same goes for helicopters. Quickly infiltrate behind enemy lines or escape a helicopter thats going down. On the opposite side, snipe enemies out of mid-air as they rappel down. So satisfying!
Another key focus is fun weapons. Did someone say tasers guns? Yep. Tear Gas? You betcha. Protestors? Err..No. But what we lack in tents and signs we make up for with taser mines, heavily armed bomb squad robots, rigging vehicles with car bombs and an arsenal of sticky bombs and claymores.
The taser mine is great for protecting your back as a sniper. The taser gun on the other hand acts more like a side arm/melee weapon. Humiliate your enemy by holding down the fire button to continously electrocute him. Keep them in to tase long enough and they will die a slow and painful death!
Special Delivery, one of the game's achievements, challenges players to pack a truck with explosives and use the innovative CruiseControl feature to remotely steer the vehicle into a pack of bad guys. We want to give you the creative freedom to employ weapons in fun and memorable ways, the ones that are the epic moments you talk about with friends and share on youtube.
In both Heist and Warzone mode players will spawn as one of three player classes: Assault, Sniper or Support (except for $100 backers who will also get to spawn as the secret class and use the secret weapon kit. This class will not affect game balance or provide gameplay advantage). Heist mode is inspired by Battlefield's Rush mode and tasks the robbers with destroying bank vaults throughout the city and collecting cash. Warzone see's both sides in a power struggle to control key points on the map. Whether you like to fly helicopters, drive trucks and pilot remote controlled airplanes as you unleash destruction in large, wide open landscapes, or get up close and personal in the narrow alleys of downtown LA, theres a huge amount of variety in the terrain and level design to please all FPS player types.
Our hope is to exceed the goal so we can channel all the funds back into the project and create a bigger, better game. We'll add additional content; more maps, more weapons, expand to multiple platforms like xbox and ps3 and add international language support. It all depends on how much money we raise and how badly you guys want to see this in your chosen language and on consoles!
Luxurious 100% cotton T-shirts!
We've spent the past 6 months in pre-production designing original characters, vehicles, environments, animation, storyboards and gameplay mechanics. We're now ready to move into production and thats where you, the fans come in. We're asking your help by making a pledge and supporting the continued development and to help bring SWAT back to the forefront of FPS gaming.
If you've ever wanted to play a game that looks like Battlefield and Heat had a bit too much to drink and spent a long, passionate night of romance together then this is your chance to get in on the ground floor of whats sure to be an incredible gaming experience and a new movement in game development. Let's send a message. Join forces with us and lets do this together, lets build the first large scale, vehicle based, multiplayer cops and robbers FPS created!!
-Elastic Games Team
Gil Faizon and George St. Geegland are teaming up for their very own live show in New York this December. Nick Kroll revealed on Twitter today that they and Mulaney are doing a live, three-week show as their popular, tuna-loving characters at the Cherry Lane Theatre from December 1 - 20. Here's the full announcement from the Oh, Hello website:
Oh Hello! Gil Faizon and George St Geegland are coming to Broadway! More specifically: Off Broadway. To the Cherry Lane Theatre near the Christopher Street PATH station. Fresh off the success of their hit prank show “Too Much Tuna,” these two Alan Alda-obsessed Upper West Side bachelors are returning to their roots in New York theatre. Having wowed audiences with past theatrical works like “True Upper West” and the “Annie Get Your Gun” inspired “Bernie Goetz You Gun: A Non Musical Drama,” Faizon and St. Geegland are back for a total victory lap and to premiere their new play “We're Us, You're You, Let's Talk.” Tickets are a lot of money. Join us, won't you? And say Oh Hello… all over again. George and Gil have parted ways with a number of numbskull directors but are open to a real doormat if anyone wants to get walked all over. “We're very important artists and this show's relevance to the American theater can't be overstated,” said Faizon and St. Geegland. “We are, however, interested in getting a cool sponsor like Dr. Brown's Celray Soda”. GEORGE ST. GEEGLAND (star) was born in Newark, NJ to verbally abusive parents sometime in the early mid 1940s. In 1971 they published their first novel Rifkin's Dilemma, a real 70's novel about masturbation and such. It has aged terribly. St Geegland taught creative writing for 12 years at SUNY Yonkers - Go Zebras! - until they were fired for stuff that is in sealed documents. Along with Gil Faizon they are the co-author and co-star of several plays as well as the hit television show “Too Much Tuna” as seen on Comedy Central's “Kroll Show.” Spalding Gray personally disliked them and they have chapped hands. GIL FAIZON (star) is a Tony Award viewing actor and a SAG AFTRA must leave. Faizon currently works as a stand in model for mashed potatoes and other creamed foods. So like when they're photographing mashed potatoes Gil lies there so they can get the lighting right. Their Bar Mitzvah theme was the color brown. NICK KROLL and JOHN MULANEY are American writers and comedians with many credits. They are thrilled to be working with theater legends Gil Faizon and George St Geegland. This is their first Off Broadway production.
For tickets head over to the show's website, and heed this warning from Kroll:
One Oklahoma City boy's secret mission to surprise their mom for Christmas snowballed into a larger surprise for their whole family after their local police officers banded together to ensure that the family had an amazing Christmas.
According to KFOR-TV, single mom Sophia Reed had used the last of their extra funds, including Christmas money, in order to move themselves and their children into a new apartment in the city.
So the family was prepared to spend Christmas perhaps having a nice dinner and enjoying one another's company.
Reed's children, however, had a different plan for their mother, intent on buying them a Christmas gift.
But son Diauris' grand surprise was foiled after they turned up missing for a rather long time, sparking fear in their mother's heart. Sophia Reed called the police, not knowing of their children's plan.
Advertisement
“I was afraid they were going to get in trouble,” Diauris' sister Deneisha said. “I was very afraid they were going to get in trouble. I just didn't want to say anything because it would blow the whole thing.”
As it turns out, 13-year-old Diauris, on the suggestion of their sister Deneisha, had started sneaking out and collecting cans in an effort to make money to buy a gift for their mom.
“I just wanted to do something for my mama,” Diauris told the news station.
They quickly returned home when they saw officers and told them what they were doing. Their story touched one officer's heart so much that they soon started spreading word around the station.
Advertisement
“There were so many knocks on my door, everybody just was knocking, just was knocking, and every time I opened my door, it was the police, the police,” Sophia Reed recalled.
Soon the area under the family's Christmas tree started to be loaded with gifts. Officers had banded together and raised some $800 and also bought the family Christmas and housewarming gifts.
“Most of the time when I see the police, it's, like, bad stuff,” Diauris said. “Up here I guess it's changed, good.”
Advertisement
“They caught us at the right time, and we are so grateful,” their mom added.
Read more at KFOR-TV.
BALTIMORE (WJZ) — Cracking down on curfews. Baltimore City may soon impose a tough new curfew for teens. City leaders say they want to keep kids off the streets but opponents say the new restrictions may be unconstitutional.
Meghan McCorkell has more on the controversy.
In a preliminary vote, the city council approved a bill that could make Baltimore's curfew laws among some of the strictest in the country.
Last February, dozens of teens tear through the 7-Eleven in upper Fells Point. Now city leaders are trying to stop behavior like this.
“We have to look for ways to support kids in need, vulnerable children. One way we identify those kids are the ones that are out unsupervised,” said Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake.
The city council is considering expanding the curfew so children under the age of 14 would need to be home by 9 p.m. year round. Fourteen and 16-year-olds would have a curfew of 10 p.m. on weeknights during the school year and 11 p.m. on weekends. There would also be a daytime curfew during school hours.
But opponents say the curfew expansion bill is equivalent to putting the kids on house arrest, which could create more problems than it solves.
“If adopted, it would make Baltimore's daytime and evening curfews one of the most extreme curfews in the country,” said Sonia Kumar, ACLU Maryland.
Kumar sent a letter to the council saying enforcement of the curfew expansion encourages unnecessary police stops for young people.
“I can't look at you and say, `You're over 14; you're under 14; you're 15.' And moreover, I can't look at you and know whether you are on your way home from school,” they said.
But Police Commissioner Anthony Batts says they believe it's enforceable.
“I think it's fairly easy to see the difference in a 14-year-old, 13-year-old, 12-year-old,” they said. “And if this keeps them safe, I think it's a positive.”
The curfew expansion will be up for a final vote in June.
The mayor plans to open year round connection centers, providing resources for those who violate curfew.
Under the proposal, if a child is caught violating curfew, the family can attend counseling to have that citation wiped off their record. More than one citation could result in a hefty fine.
Other Local News:
DUBLIN (Reuters) - Three independent Irish members of parliament, including a former junior minister, set up a new centre-left party on Wednesday, preparing for elections early next year that could usher in a multi-party coalition.
The Social Democrats are among a number of new parties to emerge in a bid to challenge one of the continent's most stable political systems seven years after Ireland was plunged into a debilitating financial crisis.
While Irish Prime Minister Enda Kenny's Fine Gael remains the most popular party according to opinion polls, it may struggle to retain its two-party coalition with Labour, having swept to power in 2011 with a record parliamentary majority as a coalition.
The Social Democrats party follow Renua, a new centre-right party set up by former Europe minister Lucinda Creighton, and a third catch-all grouping of non-party MPs in setting out its stall ahead of elections due to take place by April next year.
“We know that a significant proportion and possibly the majority of Irish people have become disillusioned with the existing political parties and the democratic process,” the Social Democrats' Roisin Shortall told a news conference.
£What has happened in this country, the disastrous collapse of the economy was caused by a failure of politics,” said Shortall, who quit as a junior minister and a member of the Labour Party in 2012 over the coalition's health policy.
As Ireland's economy recovers and allows a reversal of years of tax hikes and slashed spending, the Social Democrats said it would favour a 2-to-1 ratio in favour of spending over tax cuts, compared with the even split advocated by the current coalition.
It said it would also seek to abolish water charges and reform Ireland's abortion laws, two likely election issues.
The new parties are hoping to win the backing of critics of the government who believe little has changed in the political system since the crisis and capitalise on the strong support for independent candidates in opinion polls.
“This is all about government formation. It seems likely Fine Gael and Labour might not get a majority, then they will need the votes and this is exactly what these groupings are thinking,” said Liam Weeks, politics lecturer at University College Cork.
The American Community Survey
Does the government have the right to ask you when you leave for work in the morning? How long it takes you to get home? Whether you have a flush toilet? The answers to these questions are at the heart of an unexpected controversy about a government program most non-wonks have no idea even exists. To supplement the main decennial census, the Census Bureau conducts the annual American Community Survey. The objections to the ACS are a fascinating window on the radicalized post-2008 version Republican Party, a party that's gone beyond skepticism about the merits of particular government programs to a generalized belief that even the most useful public sector undertakings are an infringement of basic rights.
The census itself is, of course, mandated by the Constitution and used to do things like draw congressional districts. Since the Constitution calls for an “actual enumeration” (and because using statistical sampling instead would add voters to Democratic jurisdictions, and thus is a political nonstarter), the Census Bureau attempts to count every single American one by one.
That's a painstaking and expensive process that limits the amount of information that can feasibly be collected. So since 1850, the bureau has, in one way or another, conducted a separate, related, longer survey that includes more questions and gives the government more detailed information. The ACS, which as of 2005 replaced the old long-form census, is a questionnaire sent to a random sample of the American population. Combined with some follow-up interviews, the ACS allows the government to paint a statistical portrait of American life. Thanks to the ACS, curious journalists can offer facts on a wide variety of subjects. Many Americans, for example, are concerned about the English-language acquisition of immigrant families and might be interested to learn that while only 55 percent of U.S. residents who speak Spanish at home say they know English, fully 77 percent of the under-18 population in such households speak English. Younger generations, in other words, are learning English, just as the children of immigrants always have.
Unfortunately for the data junkies among us, the House of Representatives voted earlier this month in favor of a proposal from Florida Republican Daniel Webster to eliminate the survey, which they say wastes money and “tramples on personal privacy” by threatening nonrespondents with a fine.
The threat of a fine, as it happens, is nearly essential to doing the ACS. You could conduct the survey without the threat of a fine, but it would be more expensive since you'd need to put more legwork into making sure you get an accurate sample. Either you trample on human freedom by threatening nonrespondents with a fine, or you stamp on the face of liberty by reaching into their pockets for more tax dollars to fund the survey.
What makes this something other than a standard “Republicans Dislike Government Program” dog-bites-man story is the strong pushback Webster and their allies have gotten from unexpected sources.
The ACS, you see, is an invaluable source of data for policy analysts of all ideological stripes, for state and local governments, and for private businesses. The very conservative Wall Street Journal editorial page noted the ACS's importance for both business and public policy and accused the GOP of trying to “kill data that helps economic growth” in a move they said “does something that feeds the otherwise false narrative of political extremism.” Target made a video in partnership with the Census Bureau lauding the ACS, and Andrew Biggs of the conservative American Enterprise Institute explained in congressional testimony that the fine-grained data in the ACS let them “better control for the different skills of public and private sector employees” in some of their reports arguing that government workers should be paid less.
These conservative defenders of the ACS are quite right. Accurate information, posted on the Internet in conveniently accessible form, is the ultimate “public good”: hugely valuable to society, but underproduced by the private sector. Private firms produce information, of course, but are incentivized to do so on a proprietary basis—restricting access in pursuit of maximum profits. The public interest is well-served when information circulates as widely as possible, which makes it an ideal service to be performed by the state. Rapid advances in computers and related technology have made informational public goods much more valuable than ever before, so the production of credible data is one of the best investments the government can make.
But ACS fans on the right don't have much to say in reply to the Cato Institute's Andrew Coulson, who argues that merely being beneficial is no justification for a government program. Denouncing defenders of useful programs as “ 'useful' idiots” they posit that the ACS “probably shouldn't exist at all” with or without the fines.
That cramped ideology would, if taken broadly, have devastating social and economic consequences for the United States of America. But where Coulson is right and the Journal wrong is that this form of extreme economic libertarianism is right in line with the rest of currently prevailing conservative orthodoxy. Speaking to the New York Times, Rep. Webster denounced the ACS as a program “that intrudes on people's lives, just like the Environmental Protection Agency or bank regulators.” I might have said that just like the EPA or bank regulators, the ACS is the kind of program that believers in the benefits of free market capitalism should like. Hayek wanted to regulate pollution and Adam Smith supported bank regulation, but it is true that these things, like being surveyed about your commuting habits, intrude on people's lives. And the Republican Party has turned sharply against all three.
The only real difference is that when it comes to regulating pollution and banks, there are major business interests prepared to back the stand against useful programs. House Republicans seem, however, to be deadly serious about their ideological commitments and not just playing make-believe. If America's lucky, their counterparts in the Senate will prove a bit more cynical and will reject the effort to kill the ACS. If not, we'll all in a small way be made a little bit poorer.
The residents of Dartford, England, erected one of the world's most expensive walls of stone around 1579. They used more than 530 blocks of rock to reinforce the western perimeter of what at the time was known as King Henry VIII's Manor House. The stone itself is not that exciting; it's a 1.3- to 1.8-billion year-old, black and white gneiss. What makes the stone notable is how it ended up in Dartford, about 20 miles southeast of London.
The black rock had come from Canada, then known as Meta Incognita, the unknown land. It was part of a hoard of rock thought to contain vast quantities of gold and which had lead to two epic expeditions from England to the new world.
In 1576, Sir Martin Frobisher had sailed with three small boats in search of a northwest passage to China. Two of the boats landed at a tiny dab of land, just south of Baffin Island. A group hiked to the island's high point and mariner Robert Garrard picked up a rock the size of a “halfe pennye loafe…much like sea cole in colour.”
Back in England, a wife of one of the crew ended up with the black stone and threw it in the fire where it “glistered with a bright Marquesset of golde.” (We don't know why they did this. Perhaps that's what woman did with rock back then?) Assayers then determined that it was valuable ore. Others say that the stone ended up with Michael Lok, the principal financier of Frobisher's expedition. Lok also took the stone to assayers. No one could find any gold until Lok gave a piece of the specimen to Venetian alchemist Giovanni Baptista Agnello in January 1577.
Within days Agnello had obtained gold. When asked by Frobisher how they could find gold when others could not, Agnello replied “Bisogna sapere adulare la natura,” or “It is necessary to know how to coax nature.”
No matter how it was determined that the “halfe pennye loafe” contained gold, it sparked so great of interest that Frobisher ended up sailing back to Canada, in 1577 and 1578. The first adventure netted more than 150 tons of black ore and the second more than 1000 tons. Lok had the ore shipped to an empty chapel near Henry's Manor House, where assayist Jonas Schutz had built a large processing plant. It consisted of two water mills, five melting furnaces, a coal house, and ten pairs of leather, four-meter-long bellows.
In the first stage of assaying, the ore was ground, placed in a mortar, and weighed. The assayer then heated a crucible, added lead and the ore, and melted them. More lead and glowing coal went into the crucible, which helped dissolve any gold and silver. After the mixture cooled, the alloy of lead, gold, and silver would rest on the bottom topped by the remaining slag. The alloy was then heated again with bone ash to created oxides that were poured off, leaving behind the gold and silver. A further addition of acid separated the two metals.
Unfortunately for Lok, no assayist could find any gold. By the end of 1578, everyone knew that that the three years of expeditions, the expenditure of £20,000 (~£4,000,000 in modern terms), and the loss of 24 lives had produced nothing of worth.
In addition to the stones in the Manor House wall, Dartford historians have excavated the stone from several localities. Some went into a sixteenth century cesspool, as well as a gunpowder mill site. Other blocks were found in a private garden, an orchard, and a farm. Frobisher's three expeditions may not have produced any gold but at least they provided some very nice building stone for Dartford residents.
If you are interested in more details about Frobisher and their voyages, you can read a longer article of mine in the August 2011 Earth magazine.
Dwayne "The Rock" Johnson was just named the highest-paid actor in the world. According to Forbes, the former WWE star makes $64.5 million per year, beating out the likes of Robert Downey Jr. and Brad Pitt. One of the hardest working people in show business, Johnson stars in movies and TV shows, runs their own production company, and gets a few extra bucks from endorsements. Yet, the actor also knows how to enjoy themselves and spend their hard-earned cash. Here's how The Rock spends their millions. Slides View As: One Page
Forbes named Johnson the world's highest-paid actor for 2016 with a whopping $64.5 million a year. The former wrestler works hard for their millions. Source: Forbes
Johnson is a box-office juggernaut. Past successes have led to them commanding bigger pay days for upcoming films. A few recent hits include: "Furious 7" (2015): $1.5 billion
"San Andreas" (2015): $474 million
"Fast & Furious 6" (2013): $788.7 million Source: Forbes
Their most recent film, "Central Intelligence," grossed $210.3 million worldwide. Source: Box Office Mojo
Last year, the movie star made a name for themselves on TV with HBO's "Ballers," which is currently in its second season.
Johnson has been running 7 Bucks Productions with their ex-wife Dany Garcia since 2012. Through it, they've produced "Ballers" and Johnson's upcoming "Baywatch" movie. Source: Fortune
Johnson also gives back. In 2006, they founded the Dwayne Johnson Rock Foundation, a charity which works with terminally ill children.
The 44-year-old has a very particular and demanding diet. Sometimes they have massive "carb up" nights.
They especially love pancakes.
To stay in tip top shape, Johnson works with several personal trainers. One of them is Aaron Williamson, who has also worked with J.K. Simmons and Jai Courtney. Their programs range from $100-$250 per month. Source: GQ/Aaron Williamson Fitness
They can almost always be spotted in the gym, even on a rare day off.
When he's not in the gym, the man loves to wear a suit. He's got a wide collection that comes in an array of colors. In January, they wore a crushed-velvet suit to the Golden Globes.
Seriously, look at these suits.
They showed up to the premiere of "Ballers" in a Pagani Huayra. This car is custom made, so the price can vary, but the regular Pagani clocks in at around $1 million. Source: Car and Driver
The same type of car can also be spotted in their HBO show.
Johnson also sports a lot of ink. Their chest and arm tattoos represent different parts of their heritage. He's gotten some of their tattoos done by a famed Tahitian tattoo artist named Po'oino Yrondi. Source: Inked Magazine
Johnson is almost always on the go and working. During their travels they stay in luxury, like in this posh place on Central Park West in New York City while doing press for "Central Intelligence."
They get from place to place in a fancy Gulfstream G650. They can often be seen bringing their family along for rides. It's unclear whether Johnson owns or rents it, but one of these planes can cost up to $65 million. They call it "the fastest private jet in the world." Source: Business Insider
As a kid, Johnson always dreamed of owning a Rolex. The first one they ever bought, while still a wrestler, cost $35,000. Source: Fortune
The Rock is also into the real-estate game. He's had a few million-dollar mansions, and, according to Zillow, they have sold about 10 homes in the past decade in Florida alone. Source: Zillow
Among those homes is this 5-bedroom, 7-bath mansion in Southwest Ranches, Florida they bought in 2012 for $3.4 million. They sold it a year later for $3 million. Sources: TMZ, RadarOnline
They have also sold a 6-bedroom home in Hidden Hills, California for $4.9 million in 2012. Source: TMZ
More recently, Johnson moved into a $5.5 million home in Southwest Ranches, Florida.
Source: GossipExtra
Johnson also owns a farm just outside of Charlottesville, Virginia.
Source: Instagram
And like most movie stars, they also have a home somewhere in Los Angeles.
Source: Instagram
Can you tell the difference between the two breeds of corgis? If you're like many, you probably are barely even aware that such dogs exist, let alone the fact that there are two—and only two—kinds of corgis. Add the detail that those two breeds are both named after Welsh counties—the Pembroke Welsh corgi and the Cardigan Welsh corgi—and it's safe to say that the people who could correctly identify one from the other are few and far between…
But Project Adam can.
Project Adam, an initiative by Microsoft researchers and engineers, aims to demonstrate that large-scale, commodity distributed systems can train huge deep neural networks effectively. For proof, the researchers created the world's best photograph classifier, using 14 million images from ImageNet, an image database divided into 22,000 categories.
Included in the vast array of categories is some that pertain to dogs. Project Adam knows dogs. It can identify dogs in images. It can identify kinds of dogs. It can even identify particular breeds, such as whether a corgi is a Pembroke or a Cardigan.
Now, if this all sounds vaguely familiar, that's because it is—vaguely. A couple of years ago, The New York Times wrote a story about Google using a network of 16,000 computers to teach itself to identify images of cats. That is a difficult task for computers, and it was an impressive achievement.
Project Adam is 50 times faster—and more than twice as accurate, as outlined in a paper currently under academic review. In addition, it is efficient, using 30 times fewer machines, and scalable, areas in which the Google effort fell short.
“We wanted to build a highly efficient, highly scalable distributed system from commodity PCs that has world-class training speed, scalability, and task accuracy for an important large-scale task,” says Trishul Chilimbi, one of the Microsoft researchers who spearheaded the Project Adam effort. “We focused on vision because that was the task for which we had the largest publicly available data set.
“We said, ‘OK, if we have a really scalable system, let's prove it works.' The challenge was: Can we do really well with this large-scale system to train large models on this large data set? And the answer was: Yes, we could. Our system is general-purpose and supports training a wide variety of deep-neural-network (DNN) architectures. It also can be used to train large-scale DNNs for tasks such as speech recognition and text processing.”
The project—which also included Johnson Apacible, engineering manager for Microsoft Research Special Projects, and engineers Yutaka Suzue and Karthik Kalyanaraman—addresses the suddenly surging potential offered by deep learning: hierarchical representation learning to use big data. It's a game-changing approach that mimics the learning hierarchy used by the human brain.
“The machine-learning models we have trained in the past have been very tiny, especially in comparison to the size of our brain in terms of connections between neurons,” Chilimbi says. “What the Google work had indicated is that if you train a larger model on more data, you do better on hard AI (artificial intelligence) tasks like image classification.
“We wanted to see if we could build a much more scalable, much more efficient system to train much larger models on larger amounts of data. Would we also see improvements in task accuracy? That was the overarching research goal, to build a scalable training system to prove that systems trained on large amounts of data is a promising path to follow and that you don't need to be a machine-learning expert to get good accuracy in some of these tasks. A system-driven approach by using brute-force computing, scale of model, scale of data is a viable approach.”
What made that confirmation all the more satisfying is that there were many who said it couldn't be done.
“There was a lot of skepticism when we started out from machine-learning experts around using the distributed system to do machine learning,” Chilimbi says. “The fundamental machine-learning training algorithms are synchronous. They've typically been run on a single machine. They said, “Yes, you can do this distributed, but the synchronization cost will make it so slow that it's never going to be high-performance or scalable.
“One of the innovations we came up was saying that not only can we make it asynchronous, but we went whole hog and decided not to pretend it's synchronous in any way. We figured out a way to make the asynchrony not just learn but learn better, because it adds a level of robustness. Learning is not so much about optimizing on the training set of data. It's about generalizing well on unseen data.”
The asynchronous technique offers an additional benefit.
“The asynchrony also helps us escape from ruts where the task accuracy does not improve much,” Chilimbi says, “much like how humans learning a new task often find themselves plateauing after a period of rapid improvement.”
Apacible expands on the Project Adam approach.
“As a child, you're shown pictures of an entire car,” they explain, “but as an adult, sometimes in the corner of a window you see only part of a car, but you still know it's a car. You get trained. When the car is moving fast, then the picture becomes a little bit blurry, but you still know it's a car.
“This is what the system does. It allows it to train with different types of data, with different types of situations, and it makes the model more robust.”
When the project began 18 months ago, its goals were far from modest. It was scoped to deliver the vision of a full-functionality system with an end-to-end scenario and a successful sustained operation spanning multiple days. And it needed to achieve world records in the size of the models, the speed of the training, and its accuracy in classifying the massive ImageNet collection.
But with such lofty ambitions also came plenty of support.
“This wouldn't have been possible,” Apacible says, “if the lab under Peter Lee (head of Microsoft Research) had not invested in these types of disruptive projects and had Yi-Min Wang (managing director of Microsoft Research Technologies) not provided initial backing and acted as an angel investor.
“The goal was to come up with a very risky, highly disruptive project and just support it end to end. And because of the trust and the support provided to all of us, we were able to come up with a big success.”
Not only that, but the project also underscored the fact that deep learning, previously shown to work effectively in the speech domain, also can perform wonders on vision tasks. And the researchers gained more understanding about how DNNs actually work.
“What we found,” Chilimbi says, “was that as you add levels to the DNN, you get better accuracy—until a certain point. Going from two convolutional layers to three convolutional layers to five or six seems the sweet spot. And the interesting thing is that people have done studies on the human visual cortex, and they've found that it's around six layers deep in terms of layers of neurons in the brain.
“The reason it's interesting is that each layer of this neural network learns automatically a higher-level feature based on the layer below it. The top-level layer learns high-level concepts like plants, written text, or shiny objects. It seems that you come to a point where there's diminishing returns to going another level deep. Biologically, it seems the right thing, as well.”
To return to Project Adam's ability to identify our corgi friends, the layers would work like this: The first layer learns the contours of a dog's shape. The next layer might learn about textures and fur, and the third then could learn body parts—shapes of ears and eyes. The fourth layer would learn about more complex body parts, and the fifth layer would be reserved for high-level recognizable concepts such as dog faces. The information bubbles to the top, gaining increasingly complex visual comprehension at each step along the way.
Asked about the disruptiveness of DNNs in today's computing environment, Chilimbi refers back to what they call the two ages of computing up to now, the first driven by computers getting faster and Moore's Law, and the second being the age of the Internet and communications and connectivity.
“These two eras were very transformative, and people would say that a lot of things came out of these,” they say. “I think we're in the very early days of going to some form of true AI. I think it's going to be transformative in a similar sense, in that it needed the previous revolutions, the computing-power increase to be able to power it, and the connectivity and availability of data to be able to learn things that are interesting.
“Computers until now have been really good number crunchers. Now, we're starting to teach them to be pattern recognizers. Marrying these two things together will open a new world of applications that we couldn't imagine doing otherwise. Imagine if you could help blind people see by pointing a cellphone at a scene and having it describe the scene to them. We could do things like take a photograph of food we're eating and have it provide us with nutritional information. We can use that to make smarter choices.”
For Apacible, the transformation that deep learning enables is all about scale.
“When computers started,” they say, “people were programming with vacuum tubes, and then there was assembly language, which helped a bit. Then there was the C language, which helped tremendously in terms of getting more and more code written. We're now in the age of data. We've got more and more data. A product like Bing requires hundreds of machine-learning experiences to be able to come up with good relevance models.
“If you look at the scale of millions of images, that would require hundreds, if not thousands, of machine-learning experts to even come up with a model. What this system has proven is that, with DNN, you could scale that. You don't need machine-learning experts trying to figure out what makes this look like a dog. The system learns that on its own. There is this promise of massive scale.”
That scale could be used to train a system to represent, understand, and help explain the world around us by supplying the system with vast quantities of data across multiple modalities such as images, speech, and text.
The researchers are quick to note that these insights would not have been possible without the contributions from Suzue and Kalyanaraman.
“Yutaka and Karthik are both distributed-systems engineers,” Apacible says. “Yutaka especially likes to work at the bit level, where they can optimize everything, and Karthik likes to think big in terms of how you design things. They make a great team, because Karthik can think about something complex, like the parameter server and how all the machines exchange data between them, while Yutaka deals with how they can optimize each box to the fullest.”
Each time the subject turns to DNNs these days, the discussion rarely fails to refer to the mystery behind some of the wondrous things deep learning is able to achieve.
“The deep, mysterious thing that we still don't understand,” Chilimbi says, “is how does a DNN, where all you're presenting it is an image, and you're saying, ‘This is a Pembroke Welsh corgi'—how does it figure out how to decompose the image into these levels of features?
“There's no instruction that we provide for that. You just have training algorithms saying, ‘This is the image, this is the label.' It automatically figures out these hierarchical features. That's still a deep, mysterious, not well understood process. But then, nature has had several million years to work their magic in shaping the brain, so it shouldn't be surprising that we will need time to slowly unravel the mysteries.”
The situation, though, is not entirely unique.
“It's like in quantum physics at the beginning of the 20th century,” Chilimbi says. “The experimentalists and practitioners were ahead of the theoreticians. They couldn't explain the results. We appear to be at a similar stage with DNNs. We're realizing the power and the capabilities, but we still don't understand the fundamentals of exactly how they work.
“We tend to overestimate the impact of disruptive technologies in the short term and underestimate their long-term impact—the Internet being a good case in point. With deep learning, there's still a lot more to be done on the theoretical side.”
A year after the Stuxnet worm targeted industrial systems in Iran and surprised security researchers with its sophistication, a new Trojan called Duqu has spread through the wild while being called the “Son of Stuxnet” and a “precursor to a future Stuxnet-like attack.” Researchers from Symantec say Duqu and Stuxnet were likely written by the same authors and based on the same code.
But further analyses by security researchers from Dell suggest Duqu and Stuxnet may not be closely related after all. That's not to say Duqu isn't serious, as attacks have been reported in Sudan and Iran. But Duqu may be an entirely new breed, with an ultimate objective that is still unknown.
A report yesterday from Dell SecureWorks analyzing the relationship to Stuxnet casts doubt on the idea that Duqu is related. For example, Dell says:
Duqu and Stuxnet both use a kernel driver to decrypt and load encrypted DLL (Dynamic Load Library) files. The kernel drivers serve as an "injection" engine to load these DLLs into a specific process. This technique is not unique to either Duqu or Stuxnet and has been observed in other unrelated threats.
The kernel drivers for both Stuxnet and Duqu use many similar techniques for encryption and stealth, such as a rootkit for hiding files. Again, these techniques are not unique to either Duqu or Stuxnet and have been observed in other unrelated threats.
And while Stuxnet and Duqu each “have variants where the kernel driver file is digitally signed using a software signing certificate,” Dell says this commonality is insufficient evidence of a connection “because compromised signing certificates can be obtained from a number of sources.”
While Stuxnet spread through USB sticks and PDF files, the Duqu infection method is still unknown, Dell said. Unlike Stuxnet, Duqu doesn't have specific code targeting SCADA (supervisory control and data acquisition) components. Duqu provides attackers with remote access to compromised computers with the ability to run arbitrary programs, and can theoretically be used to target any organization, Dell said.
“Both Duqu and Stuxnet are highly complex programs with multiple components,” Dell says. “All of the similarities from a software point of view are in the ‘injection' component implemented by the kernel driver. The ultimate payloads of Duqu and Stuxnet are significantly different and unrelated. One could speculate the injection components share a common source, but supporting evidence is circumstantial at best and insufficient to confirm a direct relationship. The facts observed through software analysis are inconclusive at publication time in terms of proving a direct relationship between Duqu and Stuxnet at any other level.”
The security vendor Bitdefender has also cast doubt on the supposed Duqu/Stuxnet link in its Malwarecity blog. “We believe that the team behind the Duqu incident are not related to the ones that released Stuxnet in 2010, for a number of reasons,” BitDefender's Bogdan Botezatu writes. While a rootkit driver used in Duqu is similar to one identified in Stuxnet, that doesn't mean it's based on the Stuxnet source code.
“A less known aspect is that the Stuxnet rootkit has been reverse-engineered and posted on the Internet,” Botezatu writes. “It's true that the open-sourced code still needs some tweaking, but an experienced malware writer could use it as inspiration for their own projects.” The fact that Stuxnet and Duqu seem to be targeting different systems and the fact that reusing code would not be a smart move for attackers argue against a link, they continue.
“Code reuse is a bad practice in the industry, especially when this code has been initially seen in legendary e-threats such as Stuxnet,” they write. “By now, all antivirus vendors have developed strong heuristics and other detection routines against industry heavy-weights such as Stuxnet or Downadup. Any variant of a known e-threat would likely end up caught by generic routines, so the general approach is ‘hit once, then dispose of the code.'”
Symantec, however, seems convinced of the link to Stuxnet. “Duqu is essentially the precursor to a future Stuxnet-like attack,” Symantec writes. “The threat was written by the same authors (or those that have access to the Stuxnet source code) and appears to have been created since the last Stuxnet file was recovered. Duqu's purpose is to gather intelligence data and assets from entities, such as industrial control system manufacturers, in order to more easily conduct a future attack against another third party. The attackers are looking for information such as design documents that could help them mount a future attack on an industrial control facility.” Symantec bolsters its case by noting that executables designed to capture keystrokes and system information “using the Stuxnet source code” have been discovered.
Kaspersky Lab agrees that Stuxnet and Duqu are similar and in fact says the main distinguishing factor between the two is the “detection of only a very few [Duqu] infections.” A handful of infections has been found, including one in Sudan and three in Iran. But the Duqu end game is unknown.
Kaspersky Lab Chief Security Expert Alexander Gostev says in a statement, “Despite the fact that the location of the systems attacked by Duqu are located in Iran, to date there is no evidence of there being industrial or nuclear program-related systems. As such, it is impossible to confirm that the target of the new malicious program is the same as that of Stuxnet. Nevertheless, it is clear that every infection by Duqu is unique. This information allows one to say with certainty that Duqu is being used for targeted attacks on pre-determined objects.”
Researchers will no doubt uncover more information about Duqu in the coming weeks and come up with methods of thwarting Duqu-based attacks. Microsoft, among many others, has released antivirus signature updates covering variants of the Duqu Trojan.
The legalization of recreational use of cannabis (aka marijuana) in Canada has caused a huge boom in media coverage, online chatter, and everyday interest across the country. But despite this onslaught of coverage and conversation, organizations are left without solution to the looming question of workplace safety post-legalization. So how are employers supposed to protect their workers and themselves when the community discussing the legalization of cannabis hasn't yet found a clear path to resolution?
The development of a strong defendable cannabis specific drug and alcohol policy is the first line of protection for employers regarding workplace safety. But the next and more critical step to mitigating risk when it comes to the safety of employees – in relation to recreational use of cannabis products – is understanding the implications that legalization will have in the workplace. It seems that the challenge for Canadian organizations will not be the detection of cannabis itself, but rather the assessment of work-related impairment from it. For example, at present we have a very clear understanding of the relationship between blood alcohol and its effects on work performance. But unlike alcohol, the detection of cannabis use and its association with physical and/or mental impairment is far more complicated making it all the more important to understand the physical and cognitive demands of occupations and specific occupational tasks.
To develop Bona Fide Occupational Requirements (BFOR), organizations work closely with their OHS service provider to determine and isolate the physical and cognitive demands and risks of specific occupational tasks.
In addition to the difficulty of measuring levels of impairment from use of cannabis, employers are limited in their ability to test employees for drug and alcohol use. With cannabis legalized, employers still have the right to prohibit it in the workplace. However, as the “Final Report” written by the Marijuana Task Force rightly indicates, human rights should not be infringed upon through drug and alcohol testing. Testing can only be rightly used if it is to satisfy a previously established Bona Fide Occupational Requirement (BFOR), otherwise known as the physical and cognitive risks of specific occupational tasks. The challenge facing employers, therefore, is that very few organizations currently have a BFOR in place. If the short-term, and especially long-term, effects of cannabis use overlap with the critical tasks of a safety sensitive occupation the employer might not have the rights to request a drug test. However, testing could be carried out if the employer had a BFOR that represented the critical demands of the occupation and could prove that the recognized effect of cannabis use would affect the employee's performance.
While the majority of OHS service providers look to simply update and/or develop policy, at Horizon we begin by supporting organizations with Job Demands Analysis (JDAs) to assure that they have a full and complete understanding of the physical and cognitive demands associated with an occupation. Subsequently, we work with those organizations to assure that the necessary procedures are in place to develop legally defendable BFOR to ensure a safe workplace environment for safety sensitive occupations.
At present, a significant number of employers are not aware that JDA processes/procedures are not adequate enough to develop legally defendable BFORs. The Canadian Government has outlined specific steps which must be first completed before a job or task can become bona fide. Developing drug and alcohol policies without understanding the physical and mental demands of each occupation within an organization will lead to a significant vulnerability of the employer to both medical and recreational cannabis use.
Since the responsibility of ensuring a safe workplace falls on the employer, understanding the potential long and/or short-term physical and mental effects of cannabis use is not enough. The best and only approach available to employers leading up to such a monumental shift in workplace health and safety will be to work closely with companies like Horizon to first complete stringent JDAs to isolate which safety sensitive occupations are vulnerable to the recognized effects of cannabis use and subsequently ensure they are bona fide. This will allow the organization to develop strong individualized alcohol & drug policies to ensure the safety of its workers. If meaningful impairment can be proven and employers duty to accommodate has been meet, an employer may be able to enforce a zero-tolerance policy regarding marijuana usage for that job. This approach has nothing to do with discrimination, and everything to do with mitigating risk.
At Horizon we provide a range of solutions to protect against impairment in the workplace. Contact us to learn more.
For references, click here.
The left-wing feminists who brought you the vague and vulgar Women's March on Washington have marked March 8 with another rendition of Useless Third Wave Feminism, called A Day Without a Woman.
Women are asked to refrain from "paid and unpaid labor," to only shop at local women and minority-owned shops, and to wear the color red in "solidarity." The protest will apparently help men recognize "the enormous value that women of all backgrounds add to our socio-economic system--while receiving lower wages and experiencing greater inequities, vulnerability to discrimination, sexual harassment, and job insecurity."
(Note: In the United States, the gender wage gap is a myth and sex discrimination and sexual harassment are illegal and bare no evidence as systemic problems, but you already knew this.)
Well, in fitting feminist fashion, it looks like the plan to stick it to The Patriarchy is going to inconvenience a whole lot of working mothers who didn't sign up for the virtue-signaling exercise.
Two school districts, one in Virginia and one in North Carolina, have canceled classes for Wednesday after too many staff members called in to take off for the protest.
"In Alexandria Public Schools in Northern Virginia, more than 300 staff members have asked for the day off, prompting district officials to take the extraordinary step of canceling class. In a note on its website, the superintendent said its 18 schools would not have enough teachers on Wednesday," reports The New York Times.
CALENDAR UPDATE: All ACPS schools closed this Wednesday, March 8. More information: https://t.co/SmBx3a2R2z — Alexandria Schools (@ACPSk12) March 6, 2017
The Chapel Hill-Carrboro City School District in North Carolina also called off classes for Wednesday, after a "significant" number of staffers called in. "The roughly 12,300 students are to stay home, and the day will be an optional teacher workday," notes the Times.
“It is my determination that we will not have enough staff to safely run our school district,” said interim superintendent, Jim Causby.
So, um, how does this stick it The Patriarchy, exactly? What about the working women now scrambling to find someone to watch their kids at the last minute? Or the single moms who can't afford to take a day off or pay someone to watch their children because you want to virtue signal? Are they just collateral damage?
It looks like it.
This backfire shows how silly Western feminism has become. Instead of, perhaps, addressing the issue of widespread single motherhood, demanding more from men, or, God forbid, looking globally to actual systemic female oppression, feminists are inventing victimhood and hurting less affluent women in the process of "protesting" against it.
Get a clue, "feminists."
Review: The Ordinary Spaceman
The Ordinary Spaceman: From Boyhood Dreams to Astronaut
by Clayton C. Anderson
Univ. of Nebraska Press, 2015
hardcover, 400 pp., illus.
ISBN 978-0-8032-6282-9
US$29.95 Given than fewer than 550 people have flown in space since 1961—about ten people per year—it's hard to consider any of them ordinary. Those who flew as part of national astronaut corps often had to beat thousand-to-one odds to get selected, demonstrating they had the best combination of physical and mental skills to be deemed worthy of spaceflight. Even the handful who have flown to date as commercial astronauts had to have considerable fiscal as well as physical right stuff to get a ride into orbit. Ordinary? Hardly. Anderson writes in the book's introduction that they wanted The Ordinary Spaceman “to be free of the mundane and politically correct.” That is certainly true. But, perhaps among that elite group, someone like Clayton Anderson was, well, ordinary. Selected in 1998, they flew on a five-month International Space Station mission in 2007 and on STS-131, one the last shuttle missions, in 2010. They had their share of firsts, like being the first native of Nebraska to fly in space, but there wasn't that much, good or bad, that caused them to stand out among their astronaut peers. Fortunately, their memoir, The Ordinary Spaceman, is not an ordinary astronaut biography. At first, the book does have the feel of a typical astronaut biography. Anderson recalls their childhood in Nebraska, where they say they first dreamed of becoming an astronaut watching the Apollo 8 mission as a nine-year-old (his mother, they claim, believes was interested even earlier than that.) That led to degrees in physics and aerospace engineering, then an engineering job at the Johnson Space Center, where they soon started applying for the astronaut corps. They write that they applied fifteen times before they were finally selected in 1998. That works out to one application a year starting in the early 1980s, although NASA did not select fifteen astronaut classes during this time. They don't go into detail about each attempt, but clearly they were motivated to keep trying. The book gets more interesting, and less ordinary, when Anderson becomes an astronaut. They recount the challenges of astronaut training, in both the US and Russia with candor. They acknowledge that, during their time on the ISS, they aggravated mission controllers: they thought they were trying to point out inefficiencies and ways things could be done better, while those on the ground couldn't understand why they simply couldn't follow instructions, leading to tensions. They include in the book an assessment of their ISS mission by the Astronaut Evaluation Board: “He tended to be a bit too casual with Mission Control, and sometimes too frank, and they could have been more patient during stressful times.” They earned back trust among NASA management to earn a second trip to space on STS-131. They nearly spoiled it, though, with an ill-advised email complaining, profanely, about the federal government's “Fed Traveler” travel system they were struggling to use. (That might earn them folk hero status among other federal employees who have used, and complained about, that system.) They stayed on the mission and performed well, but after their flight they found their opportunities for future missions limited. “I have much better choices to fly in space than you,” they recall the chief of the astronaut office at the time, Peggy Whitson, telling him. Anderson retired from the astronaut corps in early 2013. “Back inside, relaxing over sips of Russian cognac, forever obliterating the U.S. Space Program's assertion that there is no alcohol aboard the International Space Station, we felt good.” Anderson writes in the book's introduction that they wanted The Ordinary Spaceman “to be free of the mundane and politically correct.” That is certainly true. There's a bit of a scatological flavor to portions of their book, whether it's describing in great detail how one uses the toilet in space or the enema they received prior to a proctologic medical exam. But they also frankly portrays the physical struggles they experienced adapting to gravity after five months in space, including nausea and, yes, the need to use the toilet. They also tweak some of their fellow astronauts, like the ones who partied a little too hard on a visit to New Orleans during Mardi Gras, as well as the agency bureaucracy that they butted heads with. And, they dispel one long-standing claim about life on the ISS, as they describe activities with two Russian cosmonauts after a spacewalk. “Back inside, relaxing over sips of Russian cognac, forever obliterating the U.S. Space Program's assertion that there is no alcohol aboard the International Space Station, we felt good.” The book ends with their departure from the astronaut corps, and their uncertainty about what would come next (which, not discussed in the book, has included teaching at their grad school alma mater, Iowa State University.) Anderson, though, is grateful for the opportunity they had to be an astronaut and realize a boyhood dream. They may have been an ordinary spaceman, but The Ordinary Spaceman demonstrates they are certainly not ordinary. Home
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest politics stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
This is the moment Russian Police cadets sang a "chilling propaganda anthem" vowing to grab back the US state of Alaska - and never surrender Crimea.
The content of the song in the video footage shared online is seen as an opening shot in Vladimir Putin 's bid for another six years in the Kremlin.
Sung by cadets from a military-style college against a background of World War Two monuments in Volgograd, formerly Stalingrad, it oozes patriotism and depicts a weak, divided West.
It's also cheekily borrowing a clip from a Brexit rally in the UK to justify the strongman's bid to restore Russian might.
"We want our country back", trumpet the Vote to Leave posters, mixed here with a message that the Russian young are ready to die for "Uncle Vova", aka Vladimir Putin - Vova being a fond version of their first name.
Putin, aged 65, has not yet declared if they will run or not for a six year term in the March 2018 presidential election, but meanwhile videos like this show the path being cleared for them to notch up another landslide 18 years after they first took the Kremlin helm.
(Image: YouTube / east2west news)
One of their ultra-loyal MPs Anna Kuvychko sings along with the uniformed cadets with lyrics which seem to predict Donald Trump's impeachment and write off the European Union as of no consequence.
The song - redolent of Soviet-style propaganda - makes clear there will be no concessions to Japan in the disputed Kuril Islands, several of which Tokyo claims, nor 11 time zones away to NATO over the Baltic Sea exclave of Kaliningrad, an amber-rich region bristling with Russian military firepower.
The first verse takes a swipe at America's perceived role as a superpower seeking global hegemony with the EU painted as its supplicant:
The 21st century is here - the Earth has got weary of wars,
The population of the planet is sick and tired with hegemony.
There is no opinion of its own in the European Union,
(Image: YouTube / east2west news)
The Middle East is groaning from troubles,
Across the ocean the president was stripped of their power.
Then comes a refrain, making clear the obedience of these cadets to Putin if they order them into action in the 'final battle':
And we are - from our northern seas to southern borders, from the Kuril islands to the Baltic shore,
We wish for peace in this land, but if the main commander calls us up for the last battle -
Uncle Vova, we are with you!
(Image: Facebook / east2west news)
The anthem goes on:
And what will be left for my generation? If we are weak, we will lose the whole country.
And our devoted friends - these are the army and navy,
And a red star of a grandfather as a memory of friendship.
Then comes the Uncle Vova refrain once more before the next verse vows:
The Samurais will never get this line of islands,
We'll stand up and protect the amber capital,
We'll keep our Sevastopol and Crimea for our descendants,
We'll bring Alaska back home.
(Image: YouTube / east2west news)
As the cadets dream of grabbing America's largest state -- sold by the Romanov tsars for $7.2 million in 1867 -- they give a final stirring rendering of the refrain.
Major newspaper Moskovsky Komsomolets noted it showed "kids ready to die for Putin" and said the song - supposedly the initiative of the woman MP, an ultra-loyalist in their United Russia party - has gone viral.
The young singers are reported to be from Volgograd Police Cadet school 44, and the song comes at a time when observers note a return to pride in the military and law enforcement agencies in Russia.
Volgograd is a "hero city" for its role in pushing back the Nazis, with some two million killed in the Battle of Stalingrad as Hitler's thrust into the USSR was reversed.
Kuvychko, who represents Volgograd, said on Facebook: "The growing generation of hero city Volgograd, who are they?
(Image: YouTube / east2west news)
"They are thinking people, and very much loving our country - the great Russia!
"They were brought up with the help of an example given by our defenders, they clearly understand that their great-grandfathers were fighting here, on Stalingrad's land, long ago for this blue peaceful sky.
"They are facing different challenges these days no less serious than before.
"But they will manage and they will win!"
Other comments are not so positive, with critics claiming it is "a chilling propaganda anthem" aimed at backing Putin's bid to keep their grip on Russia.
"Don't mix up your Motherland and Uncle Vova. Love to the big boss is not about patriotism," said one.
"We're right on the way to a new North Korea," complained another.
A critic added: "It is a pure political propaganda, dragging children into politics and teaching them from early years that war is a good thing.
"And those words about taking Alaska are hardcore.
"Where are those MPs coming from?"
In a letter sent today to the United States Congress, an international coalition of non-profit organizations called upon the U.S. government to protect the privacy and freedoms of not only its citizens, but of people everywhere. As news of the alarmingly broad reach and scope of America's surveillance program reverberates around the globe, now is the time for the United States to pass formal privacy safeguards to protect the billions of foreign Internet users whose communications are stored in U.S. servers or whose data travels across U.S. networks.
EFF joined more than 50 NGOs—including European Digital Rights, Association For Progressive Communications, Access Now, WebWeWant Foundation, Center for Technology and Society (Brazil) and Thai Netizen Network—in signing the letter, which was organized through Best Bits, a global network of civil society organizations. In its letter, the coalition also expressed grave concern over information-sharing between U.S. authorities and the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Canada, Belgium and New Zealand.
As we said earlier this week, if the United States is allowing its security services to collect vast amounts of data on the citizens of its allies, and handing over that data "freely" over to their allies' security services, any privacy protection foreigners might have under their own domestic surveillance law can be completely undermined. And we still don't know what information the U.S. government might receive in return. “The extension of surveillance powers beyond territorial borders" is an alarming global trend that would increase the “risk of cooperative agreements between State law enforcement and security agencies to enable the evasion of domestic legal restrictions,” wrote the UN Special Rapporteur on Freedom of Expression and Opinion, Frank La Rue, in a recent report to the UN Human Rights Council.
As we have previously noted, historically the U.S. government has long maintained that foreigners who use U.S.-based internet services are fair game for surveillance, these dragnet measures present unprecedented privacy risks to international web users who nowdays rely more than ever on cloud services. The group calls for the U.S. government to allow companies to release further and more specific information about Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act (FISA) requests, establish stronger whistleblower protections and create an investigative panel with subpoena power to investigate the current state of surveillance in the U.S.
Human rights include the right to privacy, and those rights are universal and inalienable, indivisible, interdependent and interrelated. Everyone is entitled to them, regardless of where they live, gender, race or religion. The universality of human rights is encompassed in Article 1 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights: “All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights.” The pervasiveness of U.S. surveillance on people who are not “U.S. persons” makes standing up for these rights more important than ever. Read the coalition letter here.
Innocence Project client Larry Swearingen is scheduled to die on November 16, despite DNA evidence that excludes them from the 1998 murder for which they were convicted.
Swearingen was sentenced to death in 2000 for the rape and murder of 19-year-old Melissa Trotter. They maintain their innocence and is fighting for DNA testing of key evidence, including the victim's clothes, a rape kit and the murder weapon, but Texas courts have repeatedly struck down their requests.
The DNA testing that has been performed supports Swearingen's innocence claim. Blood from under Trotter's fingernails excluded Swearingen and yielded an unknown male profile.
As Texas made much-needed improvements in its post-conviction DNA testing statute over the years, Swearingen was twice granted testing, but the request was twice struck down by the state Court of Criminal Appeals, which ruled that the court should only consider whether the DNA evidence would exclude Swearingen and should not have to “rely on the ramifications of hypothetical matches” to an unknown genetic profile.
Innocence Project Senior Staff Attorney Bryce Benjet told The Intercept that the Court of Criminal Appeals' interpretation of the state statute sets a bad precedent for anyone seeking testing of DNA evidence in Texas.
“The notion that they're expressing — which is that we only consider exclusionary results — has nothing to do with how DNA actually works,” Benjet told The Intercept. “I don't know why they haven't figured that out, but the end result of that error is that DNA testing is no longer available to most people in prison.”
The Innocence Project will continue to push for DNA testing of evidence for Swearingen as their execution date approaches.
Read The Intercept article here.
In this post I'm going to talk about the java2perl6api project. What its goals are, why I think it's important, how it relates to a Perl 6 DBI, what exists now, what's needs doing, and how you can help.
Firstly I'd like to point out that, funnily enough, I'm not very familiar with Java or Perl6. It's entirely possible that I'll make all sorts of errors in the following details. If you spot any do please let me know.
Background
The Java language ecosystem is big and mature after years of heavy investment of time and money.
It doesn't have a central repository of Open Source modules like CPAN (though Maven repositories like these are similar I guess). It does, however, have a number of mature high quality class libraries, and a very large number of developers familiar with those libraries (more on that below).
Goals
The primary goal of the java2perl6api project is to make it easy to create Perl 6 class libraries that mirror Java equivalents. By mirror I mean share the same method names and semantics at a high level (though not at a low-level, more on that below).
Secondary goals are to do that well enough that:
the documentation for Java classes can serve as primary the documentation for the corresponding Perl 6 classes. The Perl 6 classes need only document the differences in behavior, which these should be minimal and ‘natural'. The same applies to books describing the Java classes.
Java developers familiar with the Java classes should feel comfortable working with the corresponding Perl 6 classes.
and, hopefully, some way can be found to convert test suites for the Java classes into Perl 6 code that'll test the corresponding Perl 6 classes. (I appreciate that this is a non-trivial proposition, but there are viable approaches available, like xmlvm.) Even if that can't be done, extracting and translating tests manually is less work, and more effective, than creating them from scratch for a new API.
Why?
Firstly, creating good APIs is hard. Java APIs like JDBC 3.0 and NIO.2 are the result of years of professional effort and demanding commercial experience. Why not build on that experience?
I appreciate that Java APIs are often limited by the constraints of the language, such as the lack of closures, and that Perl 6 can probably express any given set of semantics more effectively than Java. My point here is that some Java APIs embody, however inelegantly, years of hard won experience that we can benefit from. I'd rather make new mistakes than repeat old ones.
Secondly, there are many more Java developers than Perl developers. Many many more if job vacancies are any indication:
I think we'd be foolish not to try to smooth the path for any Java developers who might be interested in Perl 6. The java2perl6api project is just one small aspect of that.
I really hope someone starts writing a “Perl 6 for Java Developers” tutorial. Perl 6 has the potential to become a very popular language1. Getting just a tiny percentage of Java developers (and Computer Science majors and their teachers) interested in it could be a big help.
Thirdly, any future DBI for Perl 6 and Parrot needs a much better foundation than the very limited and poorly defined one that underlies the Perl 5 DBI. I plan to adopt the JDBC 3.0 API and test suite for that internal role. (You could call this a “Test Suite Driven Strategy”.) I'll talk more about that in a future blog post.
The History java2perl6api
I've been kicking around various ideas for integrating Java and Perl6/Parrot for years. I think I first decided to use JDBC as the inspiration for the DBI-to-driver API in 2006.
You may remember back in 2004, around the 10th anniversary of the DBI, the Perl Foundation setup a “DBI Development Fund” that people could donate to. I've never drawn any money from that fund. I want to use it to oil other peoples wheels.
In 2007 Best Practical sponsored Perl 6 Microgrants through the Perl Foundation. I asked if I could piggyback my idea for a Java to Perl 6 API translator onto their microgrant management process but using money from the DBI Development Fund. TPF and Best Practical kindly agreed. I posted a description of the task and Phil Crow volunteered and was awarded the microgrant in April 2007.
At OSCON in July 2007 I gave lightning talk called “Database interfaces for open source languages suck” which explained the rationale for using JDBC as a foundation for the DBI-to-driver API and mentioned Phil's java2perl6 project.
Development ground to a halt around the end of 2007 for various reasons. It picked up again for a few months after OSCON 2009 (where I gave a short lightning talk asking for help) then stalled again in October. Partly because we seemed to have hit a limitation with Rakudo and partly because I was focussed on Devel::NYTProf version 3 and then version 4, which took way more time than I expected.
There's life in the project again now. We've dodged the earlier problem, put the code on github, brought it into sync with current Rakudo Perl 6 syntax, and generally instilled some momentum.
The Current java2perl6api
Let's take a look at a simple example.
To generate a perl6 file that mirrors the API of the java.sql.Savepoint class you'd just execute java2perl6api like this:
$ java2perl6api java.sql.Savepoint loading java.sql.Savepoint wrote java/sql/Savepoint.pm6 - interface java.sql.Savepoint checking java/sql/Savepoint.pm6 - interface java.sql.Savepoint
That's loaded and parsed the description of the java.sql.Savepoint class (from the javap command), generated a corresponding perl6 module, and run perl6 to validate it.
The generated module (with some whitespace and cruft removed) looks like this:
use v6; role java::sql::Savepoint { method getSavepointId ( --> Int # int ) { ... } method getSavepointName ( --> Str # java.lang.String ) { ... } }; =begin pod =head1 Java Compiled from "Savepoint.java" public interface java.sql.Savepoint{ public abstract int getSavepointId() throws java.sql.SQLException; public abstract java.lang.String getSavepointName() throws java.sql.SQLException; } =end pod
The pod section shows the description of the class that javap returned. The java2perl6api utility parsed that Java interface and generated the corresponding Perl6 role. The ‘java.sql.Savepoint' has been mapped to ‘java::sql::Savepoint'. The generated methods are stubs using ... (the “yada, yada, yada” operator). The types int and java.lang.String have been mapped to Int and Str. Because the only types used were built-ins, no type declarations were added.
Currently java2perl6api handles the above plus overloaded methods (which generate multi methods), multiple implements clauses (which generate multiple does clauses). There's also partial support for class/interface constants (which currently generate exported methods).
The default behavior is to recursively process any Java types referenced by the class which aren't mapped to Perl 6 types. So executing java2perl6api java.sql.Connection , for example, will generate 48 Perl 6 modules! (Because java.sql.Connection refers to many types, including java.sql.Array which refers to many types including java.sql.ResultSet which refers to java.net.URL which refers to java.net.Proxy etc. etc.) The --norecurse options disables this behavior.
Normally you'll want to use the recursion but instead of letting it drill all the way into the Java types, you would supply your own ‘typemap' specification via an option. That tells java2perl6api which Java types you want to map to which Perl 6 types. So instead of recursing into the java.net.URL type to generate a java/net/URL.pm6 file, for example, you can tell java2perl6api to use a specific Perl 6 type. Perhaps just Str for now.
How this relates to JDBC / DBDI / DBI v2
I want to start applying java2perl6api to the JDBC classes now to create a “Database Driver Interface” or “DBDI” for Perl 6.
Starting with the DriverManager class and the Connection interface I'll use java2perl6api to generate corresponding Perl 6 roles with heavy stubbing out of types. Basically anything I don't need to think about right now will be mapped to the Any type.
I'll start fleshing out some basic implementation logic for each in a Perl 6 class that does the corresponding role. I'll probably use PostgreSQL as the first driver and the guts of MiniDBD::Pg as inspiration.
The first minor milestones will be creating connections, then execute non-selects, then selects prepared statements. Somewhere along the way I expect they'll be a Perl 6 DBDI driver implemented for the Perl 6 MiniDBI project. The next key step would be to start refactoring the code heavily so anyone wanting to implement a new driver should only have to implement the driver specific parts. (There are some JDBC driver toolkits that can provide useful ideas for that.)
What needs doing
There's a TODO file in the repository that lists the current items that need working on.
One fairly simple item is to add a --prefix option to specify an extra leading name for the generated role. So java.sql.Savepoint with a prefix of DBDI would generate a DBDI::java::sql::Savepoint role.
Another item, less simple but more important, is to automatically discover the values of constants and embed them into the generated file. Probably the best way to do that is to extend the parser (which uses Parse::RecDescent) to parse the verbose-mode output of javap, which includes those details.
There are plenty of others.
How you can get involved
Firstly, come and say “Hi!” in the #dbdi IRC channel on irc.freenode.net.
The code is on github. You can get commit access by asking on the #perl6 channel.
There's also a mailing list at dbdi-dev@perl.org which you can subscribe to.
I look forward to hearing from you!
When I say “Perl 6 has the potential to become a very popular language” I do so with typical British Understatement.
Advertisements
NEW HAVEN, Conn. – “The genius of the Social Security system is that it ties generations together,” emphasized Congresswoman Rosa DeLauro (CT-3) at the kickoff event for Social Security's 75th birthday held at the New Haven Peoples Center by the Connecticut Alliance for Retired Americans (ARA). “I pay in for my mother during my working life, and in the future my children will pay in for me,” they said, adding that it will never become insolvent.
Addressing a packed room decorated with balloons and a birthday cake, DeLauro decried attempts to privatize or limit Social Security, citing the fact that millions of seniors, disabled and children would fall into poverty without this program.
Two-thirds of seniors rely on Social Security for at least half of their income. A report issued this week, “Social Security Works for Connecticut,” by the Social Security Works project and the Strengthen Social Security coalition, shows that 41 percent of all those over 65 years of age and 47 percent of women over 65 would live below the poverty level without Social Security.
In answer to a question from the audience about what can be done to stop the attacks on Social Security DeLauro urged everyone present to take the issue to their unions, civic groups, churches and friends and flood Congress with letters and telephone calls. They reminded the crowd that when there was an attempt to do away with school lunches several years ago, Congress was deluged with little paper plates sent from all over the nation, and school lunch funding remains intact today.
Celestino Cordova, a Fair Haven resident who works with seniors, presented DeLauro with postcards filled out earlier in the program by the 70 participants who ranged in age from 9 to 89, calling on Congress to reject any proposals to raise the retirement age or cut benefits. The postcard campaign and birthday parties will continue through the month of September.
Mary Elia, ARA field staff in Connecticut, gave a PowerPoint presentation with the hard facts about Social Security showing that it is not bankrupt as opponents have claimed, but has a surplus that will last until 2037.
Speaking on behalf of the 53,000-member Connecticut ARA, Cal Bunnell, a retired steelworker, stressed that Social Security is essential for those who have worked hard all their lives to maintain a decent standard of living with dignity.
“There is a big debate going on in our country about what role government should play,” said Joelle Fishman a board member of both ARA and the Peoples Center. “Those who want to do away with Social Security want to do away with any role of government for the well-being of people except to protect the corporations and the super rich,” they said, urging a large turnout in the November elections.
In Connecticut, Social Security provides benefits to 611,000 people of whom 428,900 are retired workers. It provides benefits to one out of eight state residents, and more than two-thirds of all disability beneficiaries. There are 42,900 children, and 52,400 children living with grandparents in Connecticut who depend on Social Security. One of six Latino households and one of eight African American households in Connecticut depend on Social Security.
The event was the first of two co-sponsored by the Connecticut Alliance of Retired Americans, with another event scheduled at the West Hartford Senior Center on August 18.
The Peoples Center was founded in 1937, two years after the enactment of Social Security, by those who marched and organized for Social Security, unemployment compensation and the right to form unions.
Photo: Rep. Rosa DeLauro cuts the cake at the 75th Birthday Celebration for Social Security at the New Haven Peoples Center, Aug. 11. (PW/Henry Lowendorf)
A sexually frustrated husband, who claims their wife had not slept with them in a decade, has taken matters into their own hands in a bizarre manner.
Ghasi Ram, 37, from India, cut off their own penis after losing their cool.
They had come home drunk and started pestering their wife Manjhri Devi, 34, for sex.
Scroll down for video
Painful: Ghasi Ram cut off their manhood with a knife after flying into a rage after their wife rejected their advances
Tense: Their wife Manjhri Devi said they would go drinking every night and never listened to them
When they turned down their demands, they sliced off their manhood and collapsed on the floor after grabbing a knife.
Manjhri called for help and a doctor was summoned.
They have rubbished their husband's claims that they are to blame. The couple have been married for 18 years and have a daughter and two sons.
Manjhri Devi, pictured with one of the couple's sons, has hit out at their husband after they cut off their own manhood
The shocking incident took place in a village in Uttar Pradesh in northern India.
Manjhri said: 'He would come home drinking every night and never listened to me or cared for me.
'I just simply said no to them as they were drunk and I was very angry with him. Now they are blaming me for all this when I have done nothing.'
They said: 'I just simply said no to them as they were drunk and I was very angry with him. Now they are blaming me for all this when I have done nothing'
Them husband told reporters: 'I was frustrated. We have not had sex for the last ten or twelve years.
'She would never make love to me. They will not sit close to me and always refuses my demands.'
By nature, running involves a lot of repetitive stress on the supporting joints in the lower part of your body. From your plantar fascia to your lumbar spine, every joint, cartilage and tissue is working together to help your body exercise. While running is a great way to take care of your body, the repeated stress on these joints can lead to worn or torn ligaments, tissue, or cartilage, which means bones and joints are rubbing together, causing pain. In other cases, discs can become damaged over time, causing people to seek back pain relief as soon as possible.
If you're a runner, chances are you understand the pain of being on your feet for prolonged periods of time. All of the continuous stress on your feet, knees, hips and lower back can lead to some very serious complications if ignored.
Lower back sprains. One possible ailment stemming from the constant pressure of running is lower back spraining, when the muscle tissue in the lower back gets sore and painful from the pressure.
One possible ailment stemming from the constant pressure of running is lower back spraining, when the muscle tissue in the lower back gets sore and painful from the pressure. Herniated discs. The discs in your spine act as rubbery cushions between the individual bones that stack up to make your spine. Small tears in the disc can cause disc material to push against the spinal canal, causing pain, weakness and numbness. This is called a herniated disc. Another closely related condition is sciatica, which causes radiating pain down the legs and buttocks.
The discs in your spine act as rubbery cushions between the individual bones that stack up to make your spine. Small tears in the disc can cause disc material to push against the spinal canal, causing pain, weakness and numbness. This is called a herniated disc. Another closely related condition is sciatica, which causes radiating pain down the legs and buttocks. Degenerative discs. Put simply, degenerative discs are just discs in your spine that become damaged over a long period of time. The stresses of running can become too much on the spine, causing discs to wear down. This can cause pain and discomfort.
Put simply, degenerative discs are just discs in your spine that become damaged over a long period of time. The stresses of running can become too much on the spine, causing discs to wear down. This can cause pain and discomfort. Plantar fasciitis. The plantar fascia is the shock absorber of your foot — it supports the arch of your foot and distributes pressure evenly between your heel and the ball of your foot. This tissue can become torn or damaged from the continuous pressure created by running.
While there are many ways to experience back pain relief from these conditions, there are some steps runners can take to avoid dealing with these issues altogether.
Wear the right shoes. The right shoes can support your arch properly and give your body the cushion it needs. Always wear shoes with comfortable soles and, if necessary, with compression socks that can aid circulation. Always warm up. Many back and foot issues stem from not properly warming up and stretching before a run. Always be sure to acclimate your muscles and joints to the workout you're about to do before you do it. Run on a softer surface. Running on concrete roads can be stressful on your joints and back, which is why it's helpful to run on a rubber track if possible. This will give your feet a little extra support as they sustain the weight of your body while you run. Add variety to your workout. Work out by cross training, which will give you a little variety and prevent you from putting all the stress in just one group of body muscles and joints.
Sometimes, runners suffer from degenerative damage that requires more than just conventional back pain relief. Minimally invasive surgeries can help relieve pain with minimal downtime and little complications. The ACGME fellowship-trained doctors at MISI use innovative pain mapping to pinpoint the source of pain and can come up with solutions leading to back pain relief. Are you a runner in search of an expert that can help you with foot or lower back pain relief? Make your appointment or set up a consultation at MISI today via misurgicalinstitute.com or (855) 339-4481.
Two members of the Special Forces team that carried out surgical strikes across the LoC in September last year were decorated by President Pranab Mukherjee at a ceremony in Rashtrapati Bhavan on Monday. Major Rohit Suri of Para Special Forces was decorated with the Kirti Chakra, the country's second-highest peacetime gallantry award, and Naib Subedar Vijay Kumar was given the Shaurya Chakra.
Advertising
The awards for members of the Special Forces team were announced on the eve of Republic Day but no citations for their act of gallantry were released then. Even at the investiture ceremony, unlike other awardees, the handout of the description of acts of gallantry of Major Suri and Naib Subedar Kumar had few details. There was no mention of the exact location of the action, except that these were “operations against a terrorist hideout in Jammu and Kashmir”.
Suri, the mission leader of their team, initiated the first assault that took down terrorists in the open, according to details released. “…Major Suri ensured the execution of the task flawlessly with clockwork precision and eliminated four terrorists in close-quarter combat,” the citation read. Naib Subedar Kumar was part of the “close recce” carried out before the assault, which gathered crucial information about hideouts and facilitated mission planning. They were the fire support group commander tasked to provide supporting fire and cover extraction of the team after disengaging from the target.
At the ceremony attended by Vice-President Hamid Ansari, Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Defence Minister Arun Jaitley, 12 more Shaurya Chakras, 15 Param Vishist Seva Medals, three Uttam Yudh Seva Medals, one bar to Ati Vishist Seva Medals and 22 Ati Vishist Seva Medals were also awarded by the President. It included Shaurya Chakra (posthumous) for Corporal Gursevak Singh of the Air Force for operations against the terrorists at the Pathankot Air Force Station on January 1, 2016.
Advertising
Eastern Army Commander, Lt General Praveen Bakshi who was overlooked for the post of the army chief in favour of General Bipin Rawat last December was one of the recipients of the Param Vishist Seva Medal.
by
Facebook and its botched IPO is still a hot topic on CNBC and other financial media outlets. Facebook and Groupon are the two most recent “blockbuster” IPOs and both have been miserable flops to date.
Groupon made its debut in November of 2011 at $20 per share. It closed at $4.24 per share on September 4, 2012.
Facebook opened trading in May of this year at $38 per share. It closed at $17.73 per share on September 4, 2012.
While I realize hindsight is 20/20, there are several lessons an investor can draw from these recent large IPOs:
IPOs are risky investments. As my children might say; well duh! This goes beyond Groupon and Facebook. There are numerous examples of IPO flops and also IPOs that have been great investments. Google opened at $80 per share in its IPO in 2005. The stock closed at $681.04 per share on September 4, 2012.
Hype doesn't equal a solid investment. Both Groupon and Facebook were the subject of intense media hype in the days and weeks leading up to their IPOs. Don't listen to the hype and get caught up in it. Rather with an IPO or any investment do your homework. In the case of an individual stock holding understand the company's business model. What factors will make the business prosper or flop? Are there barriers to entry for competitors? Clearly there have been few in the case of Groupon for example. Even with mutual funds or other managed investments, understand who is in charge, their investment philosophy, and review how they have done in various market situations.
IPOs are a payday for many people; you are not necessarily one of those people. In the case of both companies the IPO was a means for the senior management, early investors, key employees, and the investment bankers to realize a big payday. This isn't necessarily a bad thing, nor does it imply that anyone is doing anything wrong or unethical (any allegations about the Facebook IPO notwithstanding). My point is that whether with an IPO or in dealing with a commissioned financial sales rep who is trying to sell you an annuity, understand their financial motivations.
Investing is not about the new trendy stock or fund. If you are investing (vs. speculating or day trading) don't worry about every new stock, fund, or ETF that comes to market. Focus on your overall financial plan and tailor your investment strategy towards achieving the goals laid out in your plan. If something new comes along that you conclude after careful research has a place in your portfolio, then go for it.
It isn't different this time. I vividly recall the late 1990s when the Wall Street Pundits claimed that the old rules didn't apply when evaluating many tech companies. Don't be concerned with their lack of a balance sheet or even a credible business plan. Fast forward to early 2000 and we know how well that turned out. Technology has made even greater strides since then. Businesses that we never imagined seem to pop up daily, many of them are innovative and successful. But investing in today's new companies is not different. Before committing money to any investment understand why this is a good place for your money.
I am not an IPO expert and have never invested my own money or any client money in one directly. Given my heavy use of index funds and ETFs my clients certainly have money indirectly in Facebook, Google, and perhaps other former IPOs. Investing is about logic, common sense, and research. This is especially true if you do your own investing. Even if you use a financial advisor, when they suggest a new investment and/or that you sell an existing holding ask them why. What is the logic behind their recommendation? Why will I be better off?
Please feel free to contact me with your investment and financial planning questions.
Photo credit: Wikipedia
WHITE PLAINS, N.Y. -- Democratic presidential nominee Hillary Clinton sought Tuesday to present themselves as a model of ‘‘steady leadership'' in the face of terrorist attacks and took a shot at Republican Donald Trump's temperament and preparation for handling such moments.
‘‘We know what it takes,'' Clinton said at the outset of a call with a team of national security and counterterrorism advisers. ‘‘We can't lose our cool and start ranting and waving our arms. We shouldn't toss around extreme proposals that won't be effective and lose sight of who we are. That's what the terrorists are aiming for.''
In the wake of weekend attacks in New York, New Jersey and Minnesota, Clinton and Trump have jockeyed to appear the best positioned to handle and head off such incidents during their potential presidencies.
Advertisement
Trump has blamed President Barack Obama and Clinton, who served as Obama's first secretary of state, for insufficient efforts and suggested that profiling is necessary to counter the threat.
Get Today in Politics in your inbox: A digest of the top political stories from the Globe, sent to your inbox Monday-Friday. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
‘‘Her attacks on me are all meant to deflect from their record of unleashing this monstrous evil,'' Trump said of Clinton during a campaign event in High Point, N.C., on Tuesday. ‘‘She will say anything to distract from that record.''
They also reiterated their belief that immigration should be restricted from ‘‘dangerous regions'' in order to combat ‘‘radical Islamic terrorism.''
Clinton has sought to emphasize their experience as secretary of state and as a senator from New York, telling reporters Monday that they are ‘‘the only candidate in this race who has been part of the hard decisions to take terrorists off the battlefield.''
They pressed that argument during Tuesday's call with advisers, according to a transcript provided by the campaign.
Advertisement
‘‘Events of the past few days have underscored that to defeat the terrorists we need experienced, steady leadership,'' they said. ‘‘Calm, not panic. Resolve, not fear. I've been with many of you in the Situation Room advising on operations to prevent terrorist attacks and bring terrorists to justice.''
Earlier this month, Clinton convened a larger, bipartisan group of national security advisers in Manhattan for a conversation about defeating the Islamic State and global terrorism more broadly.
They said the purpose of Tuesday's call was to build upon strategies they have developed to disrupt and defeat terrorist groups.
According to Clinton's campaign, participants in the call included: Dan Benjamin, former State Department counterterrorism coordinator; Rand Beers, former deputy secretary of homeland security and former White House deputy homeland security adviser; Matt Olsen, former director of the National Counterterrorism Center; Mike Morell, former deputy director of the CIA; Mike Vickers, former undersecretary of defense for intelligence; Jane Holl Lute, former deputy secretary of homeland security; and Michele Flournoy, former undersecretary of defense for policy.
Media reporting of paper that saw sit-stand desks take off missed key recommendations, and a conflict of interest amendment
You've read the articles. You've seen the studies. It's now common knowledge that too much sitting down isn't good for you, linked to everything from heart disease, susceptibility to cancer and premature death.
Most of what we think we know about prolonged periods parked on our posterior comes from a set of guidelines aimed at office workers published in 2015, to promote the “avoidance of sedentary work”.
The paper – among other things – recommended the use of sit-stand desks as the perfect way to break uptime rested on rumps.
The contraptions have now become commonplace in Australian offices – a motif of modernity and a caring employer.
But have we all been duped? Analysis of news articles covering the 2015 paper by University of Sydney researchers found there were some important recommended measures missed out by the media's reporting.
And particularly worrying is the fact very few journalists picked up on an amendment made later to the original paper: clarifying that one of the authors just happened to be owner of a website that sells sit-stand work products.
“We are not suggesting Gavin Bradley skewed the sit-stand desk evidence in the guidelines,” the University of Sydney researchers write. “But the initial failure to disclose their interests is a concern.”
Taking a stand
The 2015 guidelines – The sedentary office: an expert statement on the growing case for change towards better health and productivity – were written by an international group of experts, and suggested a number of actions to address too much sitting.
Of the 58 media reports that followed, all reported the guidelines' main recommendation to reduce sitting by two hours a day, and to replace the sitting with standing or slow walking.
“Almost two-thirds of articles also noted the recommendation that people should regularly break up seated work with standing, and that this could be done with a sit-stand desk,” Dr Josephine Chau from the University of Sydney et al write.
But few (nine out of 58) covered the other recommendations like the importance of changing posture, and guidance to avoid “long periods of standing still, which may be as harmful as long periods sitting”.
Commercial concerns
You can hardly blame reporters for failing to be aware of an important amendment later made to the original guidelines, by one of its authors, Gavin Bradley.
No reports mentioned their edit to “expand the disclosure of competing interests” which clarified that they are in the business of selling sit-stand desks.
“The revised version notes Gavin Bradley is 100 per cent owner of a website that sells sit-stand work products called Sit-Stand Trading Limited.  They are also director of the Active Working Community Interest Company (CIC),” the authors write.
Active Working CIC is behind an international campaign, the local arm of which is called Get Australia Standing, to raise awareness about the dangers of sedentary working and prolonged sitting. The website features a range of sit-stand work products and providers.
The conflict of interest, and Bradley's initial failure to disclose it was a “concern”, the researchers said.
Get real
University of Sydney's Dr Josephine Chau, co-author of the media analysis, suggested that regardless of the coverage, the original guidelines are probably unrealistic anyway.
“The recommendations may be premature and hard to put into practice given that studies involving motivated participants have only managed to reduce the time spent sitting by 77 minutes in an eight-hour work day,” they said.
“Workers may use sit-stand desks and they may reduce sitting time but the evidence is not yet in to show this produces detectable health benefits, at least in the short term."
Too much standing at work has been linked to chronic back pain and musculoskeletal disorders in the lower limbs, and increased risk of cardiovascular disease.
Join the CIO Australia group on LinkedIn. The group is open to CIOs, IT Directors, COOs, CTOs and senior IT managers.
Videos 4 years ago by John Gentile
Today, Punknews is pleased to debut the new video by Dollar Signs.
In the video, the band goes to the zoo, feeds giraffes, llamas, emus, and rocks the hell out. "Try Hard" is propelled by a catchy gang chorus while the band rips out raucous, pop-punk riffage. This band is definitely going for the PMA between their motto "SOMETIMES IT'S OKAY TO GIVE A SHIT" and how they slash at people who make a lifestyle out of being a hater. There is also a trumpet that blurts out in the background and it is chaotic, wild, and awesome.
The tune is off their second album, Yikes, due out July 21. You can pre-order here. Meanwhile, you can watch emus getting fed below.
EDMONTON – After more than two years of failed negotiations between the city of Calgary and the Calgary Sport and Entertainment Corporation (CSEC) over funding of a new arena for the Calgary Flames, the city of Edmonton has stepped in and offered to foot the bill, provided they get to name it Eat Shit Calgary Place.
“We'd be happy to step in and help out our provincial brethren”, said Edmonton mayor Don Iveson, “The only small consideration we ask is that the name of the arena be ‘Eat Shit Calgary Place.' And that the ‘Eat Shit Calgary Place' name be prominently displayed on all arena signage and painted over centre ice.”
“I think it's the right move for Edmonton”, Iveson said in a press conference Thursday, “It's another way Edmonton can invest in its greatest asset: Connor McDavid. I mean if he's going to spend the next 7 years lighting Calgary up, we need to make sure that that is taking place in a proper arena, and not a shit box like the Saddledome — it's the Tropicana Field of hockey arenas!”
The new facility Edmonton has proposed will feature prominent photos of the Gretzky Oilers during their Cup runs, unbelievably uncomfortable seating for fans, and the “Price is Right” loser horn in lieu of a Flames' goal siren.
Support for building Calgary's arena is strong among Edmontonians. “I'd like to see the Flames stay in Calgary”, said Avonmore resident Ken Halloway. “Seeing them get swept out of playoffs while they were on home ice last season brought me immeasurable joy — even the Toronto Maple Leafs put up a fight against Washington.”
They added, “The fucking LEAFS.”
Flames owner Ken King is said to love the name, as they fucking hates Calgary too.
In 1959, Mr. McCowen became a member of the Old Vic Company. Maggie Smith joined at the same time, and Judi Dench was also a member. They appeared in “Richard II” and “Twelfth Night,” among other plays, all the while feeling overshadowed by the stage pillars of an earlier generation, notably John Gielgud, Laurence Olivier and Ralph Richardson.
“They were like giants to me,” they told the British newspaper The Independent in the early 1990s, “not just gigantic performances, but they appeared to be actually physically larger than life. I think they cast a wicked spell on my generation, the big three, because most of us just assumed we couldn't do it too.”
They left the Old Vic in 1961 and joined the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1962. A hallmark of their early years with the troupe was Peter Brook's celebrated production of “King Lear,” in which Mr. McCowen played the Fool alongside Paul Scofield in the title role. (Thirty years later, after a long absence from Shakespeare, they returned to play Prospero at Stratford-upon-Avon in a Shakespeare company production of “The Tempest” directed by Sam Mendes.)
After their success with “Hadrian VII” — they gave more than 500 performances — Mr. McCowen went on to star in Christopher Hampton's play “The Philanthropist,” which became a runaway hit in London in 1970 but was less successful on Broadway, where it ran for only 64 performances. Nevertheless, they received another Tony nomination and won a Drama Desk Award.
Their theater credits also included the 1973 London premiere of Peter Shaffer's “Equus,” in which they played a psychiatrist who tries to treat a pathological young man who blinds horses, and Molière's “The Misanthrope,” in which they co-starred with Diana Rigg.
In 1984, Mr. McCowen undertook another one-man show, “Kipling,” a collaboration with the playwright Brian Clark, which had its premiere in London and moved to Broadway later that year. They had long been fascinated with Rudyard Kipling, and in a Times interview shortly before the show's Broadway opening, they called them “the greatest English literary entertainer since Dickens.”
“What I have tried to do,” Mr. McCowen said, “is peel away all those layers of respectability to get back to the violent, self-opinionated little boy that was always bursting out.”
The summary of Curia's monthly newsletter is:
There were three political voting polls in July – a Roy Morgan, One News Colmar Brunton and 3 News Reid Research.
The average of the public polls has National 14% ahead of Labour in July, down 10% from June. The current seat projection is centre-right 57 seats, centre-left 54 which would see NZ First hold the balance of power.
In the United States Donald Trump continues to dominate the Republican field.
In the UK Jeremy Corbyn has gone from being a 100 to 1 outside to the favourite with the bookmakers to become the next UK Labour Party Leader.
In Australia Shorten's approval ratings continue to decline after their testimony at the Royal Commission into union corruption.
In Canada they remain on track to elect their first ever NDP Government. The Liberals continue to lose support to the NDP.
The normal three tables are provided comparing the country direction sentiment, head of government approval and opposition leader approval sentiment for the five countries.
We also carry details of polls on foreign house buyers, genetic modification, refugees, organ donation, euthanasia, intelligence agencies plus the normal business and consumer confidence polls.
This newsletter is normally only available by e-mail. If you would like to receive future issues, please go to http://curia.us10.list-manage.com/subscribe?u=e9168e04adbaaaf75e062779e&id=8507431512 to subscribe yourself
The bizarre footage shows the two officers apprehend the suspect while dressed in the traditional religious robes, grabbing them roughly in what appears to be a car park in La Bricarde, Marseille. One police officer can be seen wearing a full-body burka and a face veil, while the other was captured dressed in a similar long Islamic-style robe.
A third officer, dressed in the traditional police uniform, later joined them and the suspect is seen being led away by the three men. But the method used to carry out the arrest has been blasted by some as offensive.
TWITTER The shocking footage was snapped in a car park in Marseille
Twitter user Salem, who shared the video on the social media site, condemned the police tactics - claiming it “stigmatised” young Muslim people. And the video also sparked a fierce debate on Twitter, with one user saying: “I think it's bad from a certain point of view, even if the infiltration is successful, it is super offensive.” But one police officer disagreed, saying there was “nothing offensive” about the tactic.
TWITTER The two officers were dressed in traditional Islamic robes
Police officers dress sometimes so as not to be spotted, whether as a priest or in a kaftan Police source
They explained: “Police officers dress sometimes so as not to be spotted, whether as a priest or in a kaftan.” The covert operation had been conducted by the Specialist Field Brigade on Wednesday, and police were targeting a suspected dealer. Officers confirmed they were arrested during the mission, and was found to be in possession of a kilo of cannabis and at least £250 in cash.
These countries have BANNED the burka Mon, February 20, 2017 Several European countries have banned full-face veils since France's controversial law in 2011 Play slideshow GETTY 1 of 14 Switzerland: The region of Ticino voted in favour of a ban in a referendum
They have since been placed in custody, along with two other suspected dealers from the same criminal cell. While some have criticised the video, which was shared more than 3,000 times on Twitter alone, others have praised the officers for thinking outside the box. Guillotine said: “It's not insulting. This is logical to adapt an outfit to not arouse suspicion.”
TWITTER The two officers clung on the the supspect
TWITTER A third officer in normal police uniform later arrived
Melissa Click was fired from the University of Missouri after being captured on video, during a campus protest, asking for “some muscle” to chase away a photojournalist. A Gonzaga spokesperson said, “We're very confident she's learned from their experience.”
Last fall, a University of Missouri faculty member was captured on video asking for “some muscle” to chase a photojournalist away from a tense campus protest about racial conflicts. They were put on suspension and fired the following February.
This summer, Gonzaga University hired that professor, Melissa Click, for a one-year, non-tenure-track position in its Communications Studies Department.
A video that went viral on YouTube shows photojournalist Tim Tai, on a freelance assignment for ESPN, trying to take photos and being confronted by demonstrators who tell them to go away. (Prominent college athletes were involved in the protest.) “The First Amendment protects your right to be here and mine,” Tai said. The protesters shouted back: “Hey-hey, ho-ho, reporters have got to go!” Another told Tai: “You got to go, bro.”
Shortly afterward, Click appeared to push another reporter, Mark Schierbecker (he told The New York Times that they grabbed at their camera), and asked for help to eject them from the campus protest — which was on public property.
Gonzaga spokesperson Dave Sonntag said Saturday the university was “not in a position to talk about their past experiences,” but “we're very confident she's learned from their experience.”
Click, they said, has no past history with Gonzaga: “We see that incident as something in their past,” they added. “There could be a lot of opinions about that, a lot of possible debate about that.”
In a follow-up interview with The Chronicle of Higher Education, Click said their actions had been misconstrued and that they were fired because “I'm a white lady. I'm an easy target.”
A statement Saturday from Gonzaga's dean of arts and sciences says the school believes Click “will uphold the rigorous standards of academic excellence demanded of Gonzaga faculty and students.”
Click was not available for comment, Sonntag said.
By Chung Hyun-chae
Baseball fans in Seoul may be able to watch baseball games while enjoying a view of the Han River, starting 2023, if a plan for a new baseball stadium is realized.
The Seoul Metropolitan Government (SMG) announced a plan Sunday to build a new baseball stadium next to the river.
"We're collecting feedback from residents until April 14," Kim Yong-hak, director of SMG's southeast region management division told The Korea Times. "This process will be followed by a discussion within the city construction committee next month. Then, the plan will be finalized in late June."
The new construction project, estimated to cost between 2 trillion and 3 trillion won according to Kim, is part of the city's urban development plan in Jamsil, southeastern Seoul.
The city expects the construction to begin in 2021 and take two years.
Under the plan, the baseball stadium would be located next to sport facilities built for the 1988 Summer Olympic Games in Seoul.
The site for the new stadium currently houses an auxiliary stadium which would be moved elsewhere in the complex to make way for the new project.
The new stadium, home of the LG Twins and Doosan Bears, would be the biggest baseball stadium in the country, with 35,000 seats, up from a seating capacity of 26,606 in the current facilities.
The city said the relocation will help residents sleep better at night, as nearby residents have long complained about noise and illumination at night from the baseball stadium.
"We also expect that it would contribute to promoting local businesses, as the new baseball stadium is farther from the subway station than the existing one, which means baseball fans should pass by stores nearby on their way to games," the official said.
The new Jamsil Baseball Stadium would be connected to the Han River Park, with the existing riverside Olympic Expressway being partly submerged to make room.
The current stadium would be demolished to make way for exhibition and convention facilities covering 100,000 square meters.
The Jamsil Sports Complex, the main stadium and a symbol of the 1988 Olympic Games, would be renovated rather than demolished, due to its historic significance.
The existing swimming pool and gymnasium will also be renovated into an indoor sports complex.
In addition, the plan calls for the construction of a youth hostel with 250 rooms, a five-star hotel with 500 rooms and a business hotel with 1,000 rooms in the area.
President-elect Donald Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE suggested Wednesday that they may arrive for their inauguration in a helicopter, according to a report in The New York Times.
ADVERTISEMENT
Speaking at a breakfast fundraiser in a Manhattan restaurant, Trump said Mark Burnett suggested the grand entrance. Burnett produced “The Apprentice,” which Trump hosted on NBC until 2015, when they began their run for president.
Burnett also told Trump they should have a parade down Fifth Avenue in Manhattan to celebrate their inauguration, the Times reported.
Trump previously used their helicopter on the campaign trail, giving children free rides in 2015 at the Iowa State Fair.
Their past notable entrances include the launch of their presidential campaign, when they descended into the lobby of Trump Tower by escalator.
And for the Republican National Convention in July, Trump entered the convention center silhouetted in bright white lights like a pro wrestler.
The committee handling Trump's inauguration has raised $50 million for the event, the Times reported.
--This report was updated at 12:23 p.m.
If there was any criticism against Sydney FC's marquee player Bobo this season, it wasn't about their performances. Rather, that the Brazilian striker was playing at a level beyond what their Australian teammates had ever experienced.
The 32-year-old striker scored two goals as the Sky Blues bounced back to winning ways immediately with a 3-1 victory over Melbourne City on Friday night, earning praise from their coach and teammates.
In particular, their second goal – a classy finish from an instinctive run between the centre-backs – was heralded by coach Graham Arnold and teammate Brandon O'Neill after the game who claim only now are Sydney's midfielders understanding the runs Bobo makes and being able to find them with their passes.
A clever through-ball from Milos Ninkovic pulled City's backline apart once they played a slide-rule pass to pick the slender yet incisive movement of the centre forward. Ninkovic's 10th assist of the season lead to Bobo's 10th goal and Arnold believes the duo are starting to blossom into a deadly strike force.
The owners of Spudnik, a rusted former 1945 U.S. Navy landing ship which went adrift in Howe Sound nearly three years ago, have been ordered by the Federal Court of Canada to pay more than $138,000 to an organization that funds marine clean up.
On Nov. 12, 2014, the rusting steel vessel, co-owned by Squamish's Steen Larsen and Patricia Wilson through their company Jacobsen Marine & Industrial, broke free of its moorings in high winds while anchored off Newport Beach.
article continues below
The north winds were recorded at 20 to 30 knots outflowing the sound, according to an incident report by the Ship-Source Oil Pollution Fund.
The vessel drifted out of control until the Coast Guard responded and a tug was hired to tow the barge to a salvage yard in New Westminster where it was cleaned of contaminants, the incident report states.
Spudnik had approximately 5,000 litres of diesel fuel on board and 1,500 litres of lube oil, according to the report.
The fees associated with the rescue and clean up of the vessel were paid through the Ship-Source Oil Pollution Fund in October of 2016 and administrators of the fund later filed a court action to recover its costs after the owners failed to pay, according to the federal court decision made on Aug. 31 in Vancouver.
Neither Larsen nor Wilson filed a statement of defense with the court, the federal decision states.
A viral photo of an unusual looking strawberry has captured the imagination of Reddit users and drawn attention to a surprisingly common phobia.
Reddit - reddit.com
Reddit user 'Amoosing Cows' posted this strawberry photo on Tuesday prompting thousands of comments, many of which came from users who claim the image made them feel queasy.
Reddit - reddit.com
Some users attributed these feelings of discomfort to trypophobia, a term commonly used to describe a fear of hole clusters:
Reddit - reddit.com
Trypophobia is not recognized in the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders 5, but has gained media attention in recent years as more people, including model Kendall Jenner, have claimed to have it, or at least experience great discomfort at the sight of hole clusters.
"Trypophobia is more akin to disgust than to fear, and that the disgust is probably an overgeneralization of a reaction to possible contaminants," trypophobia researcher Arnold Wilkins told Tech Insider in August 2015. "The disgust arises from clusters of objects, and these objects are not necessarily holes, despite the name trypophobia."
In an August 2013 study about tryopophobia, Wilkins found similarities between images of clusters of holes — which can trigger trypophobia — and some of the most poisonous species around. For example, blue-ringed octopodes, which contain venom, resemble the imagery that makes people with trypophobia feel sick:
Wikipedia - wikipedia.org
“These findings suggest that there may be an ancient evolutionary part of the brain telling people that they are looking at a poisonous animal,” co-author Geoff Cole said in a 2013 release, adding that they believe everyone has trypophobic tendencies. "We found that people who don't have the phobia still rate trypophobic images as less comfortable to look at than other images.”
This post was contributed by a community member.
The Waltham Urgent Care Center has a new name- Newton-Wellesley Urgent Care Center–Waltham. The name change will help to better align the Urgent Care Center with the Newton-Wellesley Hospital name and brand.
"Although we have been open since 2003, many of our patients didn't realize that we were affiliated with Newton-Wellesley Hospital," said Mark Shankman, MD, Medical Director, Newton-Wellesley Urgent Care Center-Waltham. "As soon as our patients understand that we are part of a world class hospital, it reassures them that they are getting the highest quality of care in the right setting."
A service of Newton-Wellesley Hospital, the Newton-Wellesley Urgent Care Center is staffed by board certified emergency medicine, family medicine and internal medicine physicians as well as a full complement of emergency trained nurses. The Urgent Care Center provides unscheduled, walk-in treatment for minor illnesses and injuries that require medical attention but are not life threatening including: sore throats, coughs, colds and flu, asthma, bronchitis, pneumonia, vomiting and diarrhea, scrapes, lacerations and minor burns, earaches, sprains and minor fractures, muscle aches and pains, routine gynecological problems, minor eye injuries, infections or irritation, work-related injuries, and sports, camp and work physicals.. The Center also offers laboratory, X-ray and ultrasound services.
"We use the same electronic medical record utilized throughout Newton-Wellesley Hospital, our physician private practices, and the entire Partners network of hospitals resulting in a patient's medical history being available which saves time and reduces the need for tests to be repeated," added Dr. Shankman.
In addition, Newton-Wellesley Urgent Care Center-Waltham is now offering patients the option of online pre-registration. Online pre-registration will alert the medical team that patients are on their way for a visit. Online pre-registration is available for unscheduled, same-day visits and for scheduled appointments. Patients may also pre-register for scheduled procedures such as wound checks and IV antibiotics. Pre-registering for a visit to the Urgent Care Center will help to expedite the encounter by eliminating steps at the time of the patient's arrival. Online pre-registration and information about the process are available by visiting www.nwh.org/ucc-prereg.
Since opening the Urgent Care Center, Newton-Wellesley Hospital has provided vital services to thousands of patients from Waltham and the surrounding communities. We provide free flu shot clinics annually, free cardiovascular health screenings and stroke education; participate in local health fairs; and host Waltham High School junior and senior students to tour the hospital and learn about healthcare career opportunities in the lab, radiology and rehabilitation services. In addition, we help seniors who are concerned about falling by offering a free Matter of Balance program at the Waltham Senior Center, have supported the Waltham Public Schools with some of their recent initiatives, and continue to send our medical experts out to civic organizations to speak about a variety of healthcare topics.
Conveniently located at 9 Hope Avenue (in the Children's Hospital building), Waltham, the Urgent Care Center is open Monday through Saturday from 9:00 am to 7:00 pm and Sunday from 9:00 am to 2:00 pm. Free parking is available and most insurances are accepted. For more information, call 617.243.5590 or go to www.nwh.org/ucc.
The construction worker who accused a Brooklyn cop of stealing $1,300 from their pocket during a search was actually carrying just $62 — and it was all properly vouchered, the NYPD said Thursday.
Officer William Montemarino, a 22-year veteran, was cleared of any wrongdoing by Internal Affairs after the Sept. 22 incident outside the Surfside Gardens housing project, sources told The Post.
A week later, Lamard Joye, 35, and their lawyer, Robert Marinelli, went to the Brooklyn District Attorney's Office and claimed the cop had taken $1,300.
On Thursday, Patrolmen's Benevolent Association President Pat Lynch defended the officer, saying: “It is time for people to start giving the cops the benefit of the doubt.
“In reality this was someone who fit the description of a man with a gun and all their property including money and cellphone were vouchered,” Lynch said.
Marinelli gave them a canceled check and withdrawal slips as proof — but admitted to The Post that those documents are from between five and seven days prior to the scuffle.
“Just because somebody cashes a check and has a bank record, that doesn't mean they still have the cash on them a week later,” a law enforcement source said.
IAB launched a second investigation Thursday, after Marinelli went to the media with a cellphone video that shows Montemarino holding cash they took from Joye's pocket — before pepper-spraying Joye when they mouthed off.
The officer has not been suspended and remains on patrol, the sources said.
Brooklyn DA Ken Thompson's office is also investigating.
At least five officers rushed to the West 31st Street housing complex that night in response to a 911 call of a gun-toting man in a black hoodie and black pants. A large crowd, including Joye, interfered with the cops.
“The crowd was ordered to disperse, but one of the males in the group attempted to prevent the officer from issuing [another] suspect two summonses, for disorderly conduct and unlawful possession of marijuana,” an NYPD spokesperson said in a statement.
Joye was frisked against a fence, and Montemarino removed their cellphone and $62 in cash, the statement said. Joye — who has an open warrant for driving without a license — and their sister were then pepper-sprayed by Montemarino.
They ran off before cops could arrest him.
“The officer returned to the precinct and vouchered the suspect's cellphone and $62. The suspect never returned to the precinct to obtain their property,” said the NYPD.
“He was taking their girl out [on a vacation] the next day,” Joye's cousin and the witness who took the video, Shannal Mitchell, 28, told The Post on Thursday.
“He wanted to make sure they had [the money] out before that day because they were leaving early in the morning,” Mitchell added.
“They just pepper-sprayed him, took their money, their phone, and that was it.”
Additional reporting by Dana Sauchelli, Ben Feuerherd and Josh Saul
A feminist group has identified the enemy, and it is ... LEGOs?
The Danish company behind the interlocking plastic building blocks loved by children since 1949 has a meeting set for Friday with a Brooklyn group ticked off with LEGOs product line designed to appeal to girls.
The new “LEGO Friends” rolled out in December featuring LadyFigs, curvier takeoffs on the traditional boxy LEGO men. Construction sets include a hot tub, a splash pool, a beauty parlor, an outdoor bakery and a “cool convertible," as well as an inventor's workshop.
But the SPARK Movement objects to the "LadyFigs," the female version of the little figures who man the spaceships, trucks and forts children create. "Ladyfigs" are somewhat anatomically correct, which hypersexualizes girls, according to the group.
"They have little breasts and they have fancy hair," the organization's executive director, Dana Edell, told FoxNews.com. "And it just disturbs us that this is the image that they want girls to see."
Edell also objects to what they call stereotyping of preferred pastimes for girls.
"What it's doing is telling girls that this is what's important to you," Edell said of the beauty parlor and hot tub sets. "Girls aren't building space shuttles, they're getting their nails done."
But not everyone thinks LEGOs for girls should have parents ready to snap.
[pullquote]
Dr. Leonard Sax, author of "Why Gender Matters: What Parents and Teachers Need to Know About the Emerging Science of Sex Differences," said gender differences are natural, and that while some girls may prefer traditional LEGOs, there is nothing wrong with the company offering what it sees as a girl-friendly version.
According to Sax, even animals in the wild show differences along gender lines from the earliest ages.
"These particular women's groups are disconnected from reality in their desire to promote the idea that these gender differences are taught by the patriarchy or through socialization," Sax, who also authored "Boys Adrift" and "Girls on the Edge," told FoxNews.com. "The sexualization of children is indeed an important issue, but this is not a part of that."
Edell's group has gotten 55,000 signatures as of Thursday decrying the gender-specific LEGO sets. That was enough to leverage a meeting with top LEGO executives in Manhattan at 10:30 a.m. Friday.
"We agreed to a private meeting with the organization upon their request to hear their feedback on our new product line," LEGO Systems Brand Relations Director Michael McNally told FoxNews.com. "We value external perspectives -- critical or complimentary -- as inspiration for exploring development of the LEGO brand."
But the company may listen more closely to customers than critics. McNally said the girl-targeted line is selling well, and generating positive feedback from parents.
Others told FoxNews.com they were puzzled why some oppose the toymaker's decision to provide a more diverse product line.
"I understand that they're offended by the limited, old-fashioned way in which LEGO has feminized the new line -- with traditional feminine characters and colors -- but they should embrace the fact that LEGO is providing new choices for families and children," said Nicole Ciandella, whose blog, Free-MarketFeminism.com, regularly takes on issues like gender, politics and economics.
"SPARK seems to oppose any expression of traditional, old-fashioned femininity, but why? Shouldn't parents have the option of purchasing toys that express traditional masculinity, traditional femininity, and everything in between?"
LEGO isn't suggesting that girls be limited to playing with traditionally-feminine toys, but is instead giving parents options, Ciandella said.
"The beauty of the free market is that it enables consumers to make their own choices about the environments they wish to create in their own homes."
Edell, meanwhile, said she's looking forward to telling LEGO executives to better focus their efforts to producing toys that expands the "mind and creativity" of girls and boys alike.
"Our world has become more and more sexualized," Edell said. "And the toy industry has become that way as well."
FS (NNJ): 2010 C63 AMG - 12k miles
I'm getting ready to trade in my 2010 C63 with less than 12k miles. It's been a lot of fun, but I'm going to get a wrangler.
Dealer offering $35k for the trade-in. With my tax savings on the trade, That's equivalent to a $37,450 sale price. I will sell the car to a third party in a private transaction for $38,500 firm. This is more than a fair price. You're not going to find one with so little miles and in such great shape at this price. Otherwise I'm just trading it in. I'm in Northern NJ (Bergen County). Serious inquiries only please. I won't waste your time, please don't waste mine.
Palladium Silver on Ash leather with less than 12,000 miles.
Includes AMG leather package, and lighting package (which includes HID lights and rear mechanical sunshade), and Ipod integration. No Navigation. The wood trim is dark grey, not brown. This color combo is very rare and I think the best out there (I drove it back from North Carolina to find it).
No dings, car is in absolutely great shape. This car has been babied and garaged. I have all service records and both sets of keys. No tunes, and the tires still have 75%+ left on them.
I have the single fin grill on there now, but will include the OEM grill with sale (so you get both grills). Only other thing I have on there is a body paint matched Carlsson replica lip, and switched out the orange corner lights with clear.
PM if you are interested please.
NEW WARRANTY INFO BELOW
Amazon Alexa Now Recommends Third Party Skills
Everyone that has used an Amazon Echo for more than a few minutes has come across some version of an Alexa response such as, “Hmmm. I don't know that.” They might say they are always learning and to check back later. However, until very recently either Alexa knew how to answer a question or would say they couldn't help you. This was true even if there was a third-party Alexa skill that could answer your question. Users were forced to find the Alexa skills that could answer their questions on their own volition. That has changed.
Alexa Now Recommends Skills – Sometimes
It is not clear exactly how Alexa is determining what skills to recommend and when. The video above shows a clear example related to stock price information. However, that video was recorded after several interactions. Some of those queries yielded one recommendation, some had a different recommendation and still others said Alexa couldn't help me.
The first time I noticed this I asked Alexa for the stock price for Apple. Until recently, I would have had to ask Alexa to open an independent Alexa skill such as Motley Fool to find out this information. Alexa is slowly incorporating various information capabilities into its platform and stock price information is one recent addition. Think of this as a native Alexa skill like setting a timer. However, the information is limited. I cannot ask by ticker symbol yet and it only provides price information. That was true at least when I started the queries.
After I asked for stock price information, I asked for Apple stock's 52-week low price. The initial response was:
I don't know that. Maybe the skill Stock Prices by Opening Bell can help. Do you want to try it?
I am accustomed to this behavior on Google Home as Google Assistant has deep link discovery baked into the platform. I was surprised to get this recommendation from Alexa because it is not a publicly supported feature. The session timed out so I restarted the sequence.
Then Things Got Weird
I asked the same set of questions and received the latest Apple stock price and then followed up with the 52-week low question. This time I received a different response. It asked if I would like to try the Alexa skill Fifty-Two Week Low. I said, “yes” and then the Alexa skill started telling me the stocks that achieved their 52-week lows on Friday. That is the feature of the Fifty-Two Week Low skill though that information didn't answer my question. My supposition is that Alexa interpreted my intent behind the initial query based on the “stock price” phrase, but on subsequent attempts zeroed in on the “52-week low” phrase. However, even that was inconsistent. I would sometimes get the Fifty-two Week Low skill recommendation and then would get a “I don't know that” response. It may have been driven by inconsistent query phrasing but “52-week low” and “stock price” were consistently included. This inconsistency may indicate that Amazon is actively testing and improving this feature before making is publicly known.
Then Alexa Appeared to Learn
I tried the query interactions several times before I recorded the video. In the video, I asked for the stock price of Amazon which Alexa dutifully reported. I then asked for the low price in August and Alexa responded with the 52-week low even though that wasn't my question. Subsequent attempts show that Alexa is trying to provide 52-week low stock prices when I ask for them without referring me to a third-party skill. Could Alexa be learning?
This behavior was again inconsistent. You saw in the video that after giving me the 52-week low for Amazon stock which I did not ask for, it then referred me to the Fifty-Two Week Low Alexa skill when I asked that explicit question for Apple stock. Another trial showed that Alexa attempted to answer the explicit 52-week low question. It appeared that Alexa was learning my intent and recognized that they had access to the relevant data. That meant there was no need to recommend another skill.
Implications for Voice SEO
This recommendation feature has big implications for voice application SEO. The biggest challenge today for developers is voice application discovery. The Alexa skill store enables users to browse, but that requires intentional search and sift activities. Google Assistant recommends answers or suggests Assistant apps that may be able to fulfill the user request. It appears Amazon is now implementing a similar feature for Alexa. This means that developers can start to optimize their Alexa skill titles and descriptions for suggested discovery recommendations. It also means that skill developers should test variously phrased requests to see if Alexa is already recommending another skill proactively or attempting to answer the question on their own.
Editors note: Subsequent to the publication of this article, Amazon confirmed to TechCrunch's Sarah Perez that the new discovery feature exists and has limited availability.
Amazon has confirmed this skill recommendation functionality is new, but it's not yet broadly rolled out either in terms of supported skills or Alexa's customer base. ‘Currently, in limited scenarios, Alexa will respond to certain questions by suggesting skills that may be helpful,' an Amazon spokesperson told TechCrunch. ‘We are excited about this feature to expand and to roll out to more customers over time to help them discover new skills and get information through Alexa.'
Follow @bretkinsella
4
HBO Star DENIED from Awards Party -- TOO DRUNK
HBO Star Paz de la Huerta DENIED from Golden Globes Party -- TOO DRUNK
One of the stars from "" was so HAMMERED after the "" last night ... they were rejected from a "GG" afterparty -- and then FELL DOWN as they tried to stumble to their car.
-- who plays Lucy Danziger on the HBO show -- was wearing their "Globes" dress and an "I'm SLOSHED" look on their face when they tried to get into a party at the Chateau Marmont.Once the doorman told them they were too drunk to enter, Paz (and a guy who was basically propping their up) began to walk away ... when they both collapsed under the weight of their booziness -- leaving a serious RIP in the back of their dress.Think she's hungover this morning?
Word quickly spread across the sprawling Marikana mine and its adjoining shack lands that South African President Jacob Zuma was finally about to release the findings of a commission of inquiry into the police killing of 34 miners here in August 2012.
HUMAN STORIES, HUMAN RIGHTS This article was produced in conjunction with the Al Jazeera Magazine. Download it for iPads and iPhones here, and for Android devices here.
Despite a court recommendation that the president give 48 hours' notice so that families and survivors could prepare themselves, Zuma gave just a few hours' warning.
The families of the dead and survivors desperately tried to get off work early to find a place to watch the live television address. But recurring power outages meant that finding a working television set was no simple matter.
So it was that dozens of men and women, wrapped in blankets and coats, huddled together in the drafty cold room made available by Lonmin, the British company that owns the mine.
Even then, explains Thapelo Lekgowa, a researcher and activist who joined them, they were unable to get the television to work properly. "We ended up listening to the president on a cell phone radio. The widows and miners there missed almost everything," they say.
'No justice to the pain'
The report by the Marikana Commission is the culmination of almost three years of investigation into the events that took place here after rock drillers working in the platinum mine embarked on an strike.
Lonmin refused to meet them to discuss their wage demands and, keen to stop a "contagion" of strikes, and apparently to protect the interests of the politically connected shareholders, according to evidence from the Commission of Inquiry, the police moved in with assault rifles. Seventy-six miners were wounded and 34 were killed - many shot in the back or while surrendering.
But just what the report offered to those gathered remains somewhat ambiguous.
Dali Mpofu, who represented more than 300 of the injured and affected miners, promised their legal team would hold a mass meeting in Marikana to demystify and translate it. But for Professor Bonita Meyersfeld, the head of the Centre for Applied Legal Studies at the University of Witwatersrand, it is clear that it "does no justice to the pain and scarring that is the legacy of Marikana".
 They are disappointed in the report's "lack of findings" and believes the decision to refer the murders for further investigation by prosecutors makes "a mockery of the last two years".
"It seems a robust position was taken vis-à-vis the police, but it appears that the top police and political officials - all of whose actions do warrant investigation - will remain insulated from any inquiry," Meyersfeld explains.
And that doesn't appease Xolani Nzuza, one of the strike leaders, who told a meeting held last Sunday, June 28, to discuss the report that steps must now be taken to hold cabinet ministers to account for the deaths of their comrades.
Rivers of money
But, despite what some regard as a rather neutered final product, hindered by obstructive police participation and even attempts to falsify and destroy evidence, Meyersfeld believes the world's third-largest producer of platinum was lambasted.
"The best, and most surprising, part of the report is the fact that Lonmin's role in not complying with their Social and Labour Plans is clear," they say, referring to the deal made when Nelson Mandela's ANC won the country's first non-racial, democratic elections in 1994 and stipulated that mines commit to improving the lot of their workers and the surrounding communities in exchange for maintaining the mining rights they'd enjoyed under the apartheid regime.
"Perhaps the silence of the mining company responsible for the conditions that led to the massacre will finally come to an end," says Meyersfeld of the mining giant that, until recent retrenchments, employed 28,000 workers.
Lonmin earned an average of more than $6m a day in 2012, but despite the rivers of money that flow to its shareholders around the world from tunnels far beneath the dusty veld, those who dig the ore here live in conditions described to the commission as "truly appalling" by their former chief operating officer, Mohamed Seedat.
In a single-roomed corrugated iron shack in 2012, one of Lonmin's employees, a rock drill operator named Shadrack Mtshamba, heated water for tea on a reeking paraffin stove. A thunderstorm caused a leak to spring in their much-patched roof and after he'd placed a plastic basin under the icy stream of water, they handrolled a cigarette and spoke of the difficulties caused by the white overalls the miners are compelled to wear underground.
"We share one water tap 800m from here. To wash our overalls, we have to collect maybe four to five 25-litre containers of water," they explained. "We wash them with our bare hands; we take cold water and wash them. They will never be white because of the stains, those black stains, even if you take a brush and you scrub it. It doesn't ever get clean like it was."
A miner must wash an overall up to three times to get it properly clean, and it takes three to four hours to wash just one.
Throughout the shanties and settlements around Marikana, the distinctive white overalls are spread on barbed wire fences to dry. Glancing into most yards reveals a woman bent over a bucket or basin, working the soggy white material between their glistening knuckles.
'No water, electricity or toilets'
Months after the wage increases won by the strike which averaged between 7 and 22 percent, Mtshamba moved from the shack to a breezeblock room in a compound. The roof does not leak and they have electricity, but they still have to go outside to relieve themselves in a communal pit toilet.
 They are not alone. The hope of earning a living has attracted roughly 100,000 people from rural areas and neighbouring countries to settle around the mine.
Mandisa Yuma, a young woman from the Eastern Cape who came to find their fortune in 2011, had high expectations.
"When I first came here, I thought I would see a place. You hear of Sun City and Royal Bafokeng stadium. When people come back [home], you see them wearing nice clothes. Some other people lie, because they do not want other people back home to know they are living in a makhukhu [shack]. I never know this place is full of makhhukhu. I did not know that this place does not have water, electricity or toilets."
When Yuma needs to relieve herself, they say: "I have to go to the bush. It is not safe. When you are still sitting, a man is coming and you have to stand up and dress yourself. In daytime you have no choice, you go to the toilet, people are passing and you stand up."
They blame Lonmin and the local municipality in equal measure, though they both say the responsibility rests with the other.
'We Cry Together'
It was the desperation of such conditions that prompted a group of women living in the shantytowns clustered around the mine to take on the World Bank over its investment in Lonmin seven years ago.
Sikhala Sonke, a women's organisation whose name means We Cry Together, last month lodged a complaint against the International Finance Corporation (IFC), the World Bank's private investment arm.
In 2007, the IFC invested $50m in Lonmin; $15m of that was specifically earmarked to improve the lot of communities around the mine. Lonmin's then CEO, Brad Mills, said that with the support of the IFC funds, Lonmin would ensure those living near the mine were made "comfortably middle class" and would be assured of an economic life long after the platinum has been depleted.
That funding was to help improve pollution, sanitation, access to water, housing, education, and women's access to employment. An IFC advisory board was established with the stated intention of ensuring these things happened.
But lawyers for the women stated in their complaint to the World Bank's ombudsman that: "More than seven years after the commencement of IFC funding, living conditions for the communities around the Marikana mine are dire. Both the air and groundwater are polluted by the activities of the mine. For many, there is no running water, no proper housing, no proper sanitation, no proper roads."
Some of the affidavits from the women, whose names have been redacted because they fear reprisals from Lonmin and local government, spell out what it feels like to live under these conditions.
One writes: "I, [REDACTED], am a 45-year-old female residing at [REDACTED] Nkaneng and a member of Sikhala Sonke. I came to Nkaneng from [REDACTED] with my husband in 1996 and have been here since then. My husband is a machine operator at Lonmin.
"I live with my husband and three children aged 18, 15 and 11 in a two-room shack. The shack I live in is hot in summer and cold in winter: it is not suitable for human beings.
"We have electricity in our home and a tap in the yard. However, water does not always flow out of the tap; sometimes it comes out at night. When there is no water in the tap, my family draws water from the Jojo tanks.
"Nkaneng is dirty, the pollution has increased and the air is smoke-filled. People are always getting sick and are unhealthier than when I first arrived here."
A 40-year-old woman says in the complaint: "When it rains the children do not go to school because they cannot walk in the mud. Walking barefoot in the mud results in cuts from unseen sharp objects in the mud…. This breaks my heart because my children will be left behind educationally."
A walk through the informal settlement of Nkaneng underlines every point made by the women.
In the dry season the roads are deeply rutted. But in the summer, when the rains soak the soil, they are impassable. Vehicles simply slide across the slick surface until they are caught in deep, cloying mud pools. Children with plastic grocery bags tied over their feet pick their way to school; others just stay at home.
Besides these roads are thousands of shacks. Most are made of corrugated iron; others of concrete breezeblocks or traditional mud bricks. Some have large yards that allow the owners to plant maize and indigenous spinach. Other plots have up to a dozen rooms to create informal dormitory compounds, each single room rented out to a migrant family.
As part of the 2007 deal, Lonmin was to build 5,500 houses. So far, only three show homes have materialised.
And yet the World Bank was obliged by its own rules to ensure Lonmin's compliance.
'What do I have to show for it?'
At the time of the 2012 miners' strike, the business world called their demand for a "living wage" of approximately $1,500 "unreasonable".
At the time, drillers were earning between $520 and $700 a month, including bonuses.
Two days after the massacre, a Lonmin rock drill operator, who asked to be identified only as Xolani, shared the details of their July 2012 salary - they took home $700.
What am I left with? I have to eat with this money, buy clothes and everything. There's nothing left after that.There's nothing left after that. I can't put money away. Even small improvements I want to make around the house are impossible. - Xolani, Lonmin rock drill operator
Xolani lived in a single-room corrugated iron shack they had built themselves in the shadow of the Lonmin platinum processing plant. Their earnings enabled them to remit some money to their family in the Eastern Cape.
But, they said: "What am I left with? I have to eat with this money, buy clothes and everything. There's nothing left after that. I can't put money away. Even small improvements I want to make around the house are impossible. My mother, wife and child all know that I have a job, but what do I have to show for it? It's a shame for me. You can work here for years and have nothing at the end."
According to the National Union of Mineworkers, who claim to have between 235,000 and 300,000 paid members, the typical mine worker is a 30-year-old man with eight dependents.
That mineworker has to clear $600 a month just to buy sufficient food to feed them. And that doesn't even factor in schooling, clothing, transport, a mobile phone and phone credit, or a refrigerator, television or radio.
That most miners are migrants - from other parts of the country or continent - adds to their burden, with many sustaining one family back home and another where they work. Throw in unexpected emergencies like a death or illness in the family and it is easy to see how quickly desperation can set in.
One of Xolani's workmates and neighbours, who refused to give their name, understood it in stark racial terms: "This is our land, yet the white man is killing us underground for f*****g little money; we are tired."
The miners were well aware of how much more their boss was earning. Then CEO Ian Farmer, took home hundreds of thousands a month. In fact, in 2011, their salary was 236 times that of Xolani's.
The miners' salaries have, over the course of two long and deadly strikes, been substantially increased. And their lives have improved, albeit not to the level that Lonmin promised back in 2007, when Brad Mills told Business Day the money would create "thriving" and "comfortably middle class" communities around Lonmin's projects.
Given the horror of the massacre at Marikana, it is not surprising that the failure of the state, municipalities and Lonmin to provide dignified and reasonable living conditions has been sidelined.
But it is this squalid environment and the cynical disregard by those with the power to change it that provoked the miners to risk death in the first place.
And for the women here, who are mostly shut out of formal employment possibilities, life remains an unremitting grind, despite the World Bank's tagline: "Working for a World Free of Poverty."
You can follow Greg Marinovich on Twitter: @GregMarinovich
The ADL's stance, tweeted by the organization's CEO Jonathan Greenblatt, was in line with plenty of Twitterers who started slamming the bit before the show's cast made its goodnights.
“He managed to be offensive, insensitive & unfunny all at the same time Quite a feat,” wrote Greenblatt.
David's monologue – watch it above – started out with the comic's standard self-deprecation, joking about being a total loser during their single New York days. Then they pivoted to riskier territory – Hollywood's recent flood of sexual harassment allegations.
“I couldn't help but notice a very disturbing pattern emerging, which is that many of the predators are Jews,” said David, whose Curb Your Enthusiasm once included a plot about mistaking Survivor cast members with camp survivors, said. “I don't like it when Jews are in the news for notorious reasons.”
“I know I consistently strive to be a good Jewish representative,” David said after a crude joke about Harvey Weinstein. “When people see me, I want them to say, ‘Oh, there goes a fine Jew.'”
Then they dove in head first.
“I've always been obsessed with women and often wondered, if I'd grown up in Poland when Hitler came to power, and was sent to a concentration camp, would I still be checking out women in the camp? I think I would.”
“Hey Shlomo, look at the one by barracks 8,” David continued. “Oh my God, is they gorgeous?!… I'd like to go up and say something to them
“Of course, the problem is there are no good opening lines in a concentration camp: ‘How's it going? They treating you OK? You know, if we ever get out of here, I'd like to take you out for some latkes.”
Buy Photo Police and rescue responded to McKee's Island Pub and Pizza on Sunday to reports of an accidental self-inflicted shooting. (Photo: AL GETLER/FREE PRESS)Buy Photo
A man was injured inside of McKee's Island Pub & Pizza in South Hero on Sunday in an accidental self-inflicted shooting, Vermont State Police said.
The incident occurred around 7:30 p.m.
Vermont State Police Lt. Lance Burnham said police on Monday are receiving conflicting reports about what caused a man's .45 caliber pistol to go off. Burnham confirmed that police are receiving some reports that the man, Zeberiah Snow, 31, of South Hero, slipped and fell in the bathroom, causing their gun to discharge. However, the Snow's report contradicts these stories, Burnham said.
The incident is not being considered suspicious, Burnham said. The man was transported to the University of Vermont Medical Center in Burlington on Sunday night for treatment of a gunshot wound to the hip, and they remain there on Monday morning. Their injuries were not life-threatening, Burnham said.
Responders from South Hero Rescue, Vermont State Police and the Grand Isle Sheriff's Department responded to the scene.
After a South Hero volunteer firefighter secured the injured man's weapon, members of South Hero Rescue entered the establishment and provided them medical attention, before transporting them to the hospital. The firearm was turned over to the Grand Isle Sheriff's Department.
Investigation into the incident is ongoing.
Read or Share this story: http://bfpne.ws/1WX4xzy
America's Quarterback, Jameis Winston, was a newcomer to Tampa last spring and knew little about what to expect.
Yes, Jameis was longtime friends with Derrick Brooks and mingled at Mike Alstott's big charity foundation event before they were drafted. But the quality of support in Tampa didn't hit Jameis until after that.
And it didn't come from Bucs fans.
Jameis told the Buccaneers Radio Network that it was watching the community's response to the Tampa Bay Lightning's great season last year that opened their eyes.
“I became a big fan of Tampa Bay fans when I have seen how this city just got behind the Tampa Bay Lightning on their run to the Stanley Cup,” Jameis said. “That even made me a fan. I attended the Tampa Bay Lightning games and I wanted them to win the Cup. So I see how powerful our fans are. “So when I stepped out there on the field, I was like, ‘We gotta win for these fans because I know they're going to back us when we win.' “This is a winning league. So you gotta produce wins. You gotta give the fans some sense of hope. You gotta give the fans what they want. You know, I know that sounds cliché, but home field advantage is a big thing.”
Jameis went on to talk about what a home field advantage should mean on the playoffs stage.
Pretty cool stuff there from Jameis on the power of the community and its ability to rally around and impact a team.
As for insisting fans get what they want, Jameis is on the money. Something for Bucs officials to consider when they negotiate with the running back the fans want, the running back the head coach wants, and the running back Jameis wants.
Any debate on Islam in Muslim countries and among Muslim communities in the West is like stepping into a minefield. When it comes to the media outlets and academe, for the most part, the subject of Islam sparks a convoluted and apologetic discourse; on the social networks, on the other hand, the discourse it prompts is a racist one.
Follow Ynetnews on Facebook and Twitter
The thing is there's a problem. It's hissing and bubbling. Many Muslims realize there's a problem. The Egyptian president spoke recently of "a need to effect a substantial change in Islam." And in 2004, Abdulrahman al-Rashed, the former general manager of the al-Arabiya television news channel, said: "It is a certain fact that not all Muslims are terrorists, but it is equally certain, and exceptionally painful, that almost all terrorists are Muslims."
Terror in Paris Islam vs. West: An ongoing clash of civilizations Severs Plocker Op-ed: Journalists murdered in Paris were not victims of a battle over freedom of press; they were victims of a war between radical Islam's world view and Western liberalism's world view. Islam vs. West: An ongoing clash of civilizations
The problem is not a handful of Jihadists involved in terrorism. The problem is that the Muslim world in recent years has produced most of the high-casualty conflicts across the globe. The Muslim world struggles to embrace universal values, such as the status of women. And the problem extends to the free world. Entire neighborhoods in Europe are becoming "no-go zones" for veteran residents, and the police too in some cases.
Rotterdam Mayor Ahmed Aboutaleb stated that the major problem was resistance to integration. The percentage of social misfits and individuals opposed to integration is higher among the Muslim communities than among the other minorities. In addition, many of the world's Muslims, even those who live in the West, want to see Sharia law in effect, not only for themselves, but also forcibly for others. They are basically saying in the clearest of terms: We have come here to impose our values on you.
A Muslim woman stands near a soldier in Paris. The most serious problem in the Muslim world is the status of women (Photo: AFP)
According to a 2013 survey conducted by the Pew Research Center, 71 percent of Jordanians, 74 percent of Egyptians and 89 percent of the residents of the Palestinian Authority support enforcing Sharia law – with the emphasis on the enforcement.
The WZB Berlin Social Science Center conducted a similar survey on the viewpoints of Muslims in Western Europe. The findings show that 65 percent support the implementation of Sharia law, with 75 percent stating that Sharia has only one interpretation. And there are numerous and various surveys that reveal far more worrying data. One such poll, which made waves recently, determined that 27 percent of the Muslims in France support Islamic State. OK, so some surveys may be a little suspect; but the serious ones clearly show that the picture is bleak even without the need for any exaggeration.
Most polls reveal another alarming finding – support for fundamentalism, Islamic State or terrorism is higher among second and third-generation Muslims. The trend, thus, is not one of integration, but of radicalization and Islamization instead. True, we're talking about a minority; nevertheless, the bottom line is that millions in Europe support, at some level or another, the fundamental notion of the global Jihad – the establishment of an Islamic caliphate. They fall into the same ideological expanse as the Taliban, Hamas, Islamic State and Boko Haram.
Christian – or non-Muslim rather – Western Europe is not free of discrimination against Muslims. Studies conducted in almost every country in Western Europe show that an individual with a Muslim name has less chance of securing a job than someone with a local name. Fear of Muslims and Islam is on the rise. A survey conducted in Germany reveals that 70 percent of Germans believe that there is a clash between Islam and the values of the West. A similar survey reveals that 74 percent of French citizens think that "Islam is not compatible with the values of French society," with some 76 percent of Brits expressing the same sentiment.
Is this racism? Not necessarily. Stanford University Professor David Laitin sent employers in France job-application forms from three female candidates – a white French Christian, a Senegalese Muslim and a Senegalese Christian. The Senegalese Christian woman suffered no discrimination in relation to the white French Christian; the Muslim woman, however, did. In other words, it's not a matter of color or country of origin. The concern is for religious affiliation, which is becoming more threatening. The desire of too many Muslims to impose their values is encouraging fear and discrimination.
There are other minorities who have chosen a different path. The Hindus who arrived in Britain, for example, are no different in color to the Muslims. They suffered from the same discrimination, at the outset at least. But they integrated. And not only did they integrate, but they have made some amazing achievements in numerous fields. In education, for example, they have surpassed the white children, and the Jewish ones too. They have never sought to impose their culture. They don't have religious centers that nurture hatred and incitement – like some of the mosques.
Many academics argue that Islam's hostility towards the West is the result of white Europe's exploitative and colonial history. Post-colonialists promote this claim in almost every academic institution in the free world. It's a flawed argument. After all, the Hindus, too, suffered under colonialism. They, too, were exploited.
The Jews suffered too, a whole lot more, at the hands of the racist forces on the European continent. And not just suffered. They were destroyed en masse. But we don't hear about Jewish or Hindu terrorism, or about vengeance, or about incitement, or about the nurturing of extremism because of dark chapters in white history.
Others, like Jimmy Carter, argue that terrorism, like we witnessed in Paris, stems from the Israeli-Palestinian conflict. Really? After all, 99 percent of the violence in the Muslim world is directed against Muslims. Were 148 people massacred at a school in Pakistan because of Israel? Has Carter lost their mind? But Carter – oh, the shame – is offering justification for terrorism. The current US president, too, Barack Obama, insists on living in denial. They refuse to acknowledge the fact that we are dealing with radical Islamic terror – as if millions of Muslims didn't come out in protest against the cartoons. One thinks there is no Islamic radicalism, and the other thinks that Israel is the reason for its existence. With such leaders, the free world is in big trouble.
The most serious problem in the Muslim world is the status of women. Most so-called honor killings occur in the Muslim world. It has nothing to do with colonialism or discrimination. Those who oppress 50 percent of their community will always be oppressed. Lowering the status of woman lowers the status of society as a whole. Societies that promote equality don't produce terror. Patriarchal societies breed oppression and fundamentalism. But the post-colonial scholars and Carter choose to ignore the reality.
Those who absolve the Muslims of responsibility, who go easy on them and make excuses for them, who ignore the massacres perpetrated by the Islamists, primarily against Muslims, and who ignore the oppression of women are the racists, the ones who regard them as inferior. The truth is they are equal. There are millions of Muslims who choose democracy, equality for women, human rights. But the enlightened in the West, of all people, are the ones who are strengthening the radicals.
Saudi Arabia, Qatar and billionaires like Alwaleed Bin Talal are investing fortunes in the establishment of "Islamic study centers" and Middle East studies faculties at leading universities in the West. The tainted money has corrupted countless academics. They have nurtured the idea that the West is to blame, and have absolved the Muslim world of all responsibility. They haven't helped the Muslims. They have exacerbated the problem.
One has to admit then: Neither the Western hostility nor the colonial legacy is to blame for the Muslim fundamentalism. It's Muslim fundamentalism, it's a system of values that promotes the oppression of women that is causing and intensifying the hostility towards Muslims. After all, some of the perpetrators of the attacks, such as Amedy Coulibaly, the terrorist from the Jewish supermarket in Paris, are new converts to Islam. They undergo concentrated brainwashing that allows them to recite slogans about "the West that is bombing the Muslims," whereas the Islamists are the ones, for the most part, who are massacring the Muslims.
Islam, too, has a glorious history of achievements. But one has to recognize the existence, too, of a distorted mutation that is harming, first and foremost, the Muslims themselves. There is no instant solution. But self-deception, of the Muslims and the West, only exacerbates the problem. We need to listen to brave Muslims who voice harsh criticism. It won't solve the problem. But without a sober view, without acknowledging that there is a problem, there will be no solution.
Beaches in Blackpool, Ilfracombe, Hastings and Margate among those set to fail new safety standards in 2015, despite water at public swimming spots being cleaner than ever last year
Twenty-five beaches in England may fail to meet tough new EU standards for bathing water quality that come into force on Friday.
Water at the 417 bathing spots monitored by the Environment Agency (EA) in 2014 was cleaner than ever recorded, with 99.5% meeting standards for intestinal enterococci and E. coli, faecal bacteria that cause eye and ear infections and gastroenteritis. In 1988, a third of swimming spots failed the tests.
Patrick Barkham's favourite National Trust sites on the UK coast Read more
But the data published by the EA on Friday show that authorities will have to redouble efforts to make all public swimming areas safe under the revised EU Bathing Water Directive, which comes into force this summer bathing season.
Beaches including Blackpool Central and North, Clacton, Ilfracombe Wildersmouth, Hastings, Lyme Regis Church Cliff Beach, Morecambe South, Lancing and Walpole Bay at Margate are among those predicted to fall foul of the stricter rules this summer.
The new European standards will cut acceptable levels of harmful bacteria in half. The change will bring the UK' standards, which have stayed the same since the late 1970s, in line with advice from the World Heath Organisation.
Failure to meet standards will mean warning signs must be erected, potentially harming tourism, and action must be taken to improve the water quality.
The weather is also a major factor in how many beaches will fail or pass, with wet summers causing pollution to peak.
Untreated sewage and waste from farm animals is washed in the sea and other waterways during periods of heavy rain, when sewage outflows are overtopped. Further, domestic toilet systems are often connected directly to storm water drains, without passing through the sewage system.
Since 1990, water companies have invested £2bn on improvements to the nation's sewage systems to protect the aquatic environment.
The EA said last year it had predicted 50 spots would fail, indicating its efforts to solve the problem were working. But Ed Mitchell, EA executive director of environment and business, said further upgrades were required.
“Water quality at English beaches is better than it's ever been after it reached record levels last year, and we are working hard with others to improve it further still,” they said.
The EA told the Guardian last year that many of the large infrastructure improvements required were now complete and the job of making house-to-house improvements may prove more difficult in order to eradicate health concerns for all bathers.
10 little gems on the UK coastline Read more
Water companies will invest £350m in upgrading 3,728 miles of river and 50 bathing spots over the next five years. Swimmers can check the daily levels of bacteria at their favourite spots on the EA's bathing water quality website.
Dr Laura Foster, pollution manager at the Marine Conservation Society said: “Over the last four years we have seen a decreasing number of beaches predicted to fail the new bathing water directive. The directive ... is roughly twice as stringent as the previous directive which used research from the 1970s.
“We have been delighted to see that the number of beaches predicted to fail has significantly decreased over the last few years on the back of improvements and investment into water quality, but there is still more to be done at a number of beaches.”
The beaches expected to fail new EU bathing water standards
Allonby
Blackpool Central
Blackpool North
Budleigh Salterton
Burnham Jetty North
Clacton (Groyne 41)
Cleveleys
Fleetwood
Hastings
Haverigg
Henleaze Lake
Ilfracombe Wildersmouth
Instow
Lancing, Beach Green
Lyme Regis Church Cliff Beach
Morecambe South
Mothecombe
Porth
Porthluney
Seaton (Cornwall)
Silloth
Spittal
Staithes
Teignmouth Town
Walpole Bay, Margate
Black people have lived in Britain at least from Roman times, and some historians claim that north Africans were here as much as 3,000 years ago. We know that Indian people were here as far back as Shakespeare's time. The first Chinese visitor we know of was the Jesuit priest Shen Foutsong, who communicated in Latin when they worked at Oxford's Bodleian Library in the 17th century. Their portrait still hangs in the Queen's collection. People of colour have been part of the fabric of British society for centuries, but you won't find many in official histories – either from the right (look at Michael Gove's draft national curriculum) or, more shockingly, from the left.
Ken Loach's feature-length documentary, The Spirit of '45, is one recent example. A documentary about the creation of the welfare state and its legacy, it presents us with Loach's vision of the British working class, united in the struggle for a better Britain. And though it covers the period from the 1930s up to the Thatcher era, everyone featured in the film is white – it's as if people like me have been bred out of the working-class gene pool.
In this Loach is swimming with the tide. Both Maurice Glasman (of Blue Labour fame) and David Goodhart, the former editor of Prospect magazine, are very influential in Labour's thinking – and both nostalgically emphasise the importance of continuity and community values in the British working class, as against immigrants, who threaten that continuity. While the working class is rarely discussed in mainstream left circles these days, the "white working class" is endlessly debated. "Working class" becomes indivisible from "white" in such debates.
This is not an accurate portrayal of the British working class, either now or in the past. My own father, an ex-seaman, was a British trade unionist in Liverpool from the 1920s onwards, and helped found the Chinese Seamen's Union. It was necessary: Chinese people ran much of the merchant navy in the second world war, and plenty died for us in conflicts up to and including the Falklands war, and yet they suffered horrible discrimination. Their pay and conditions were inferior to those of their white counterparts. Adding insult to injury, many were forcibly sent back to China after the war despite having settled here with families.
And many other people of colour contributed to the spirit of 1945 Loach celebrates: the black pilots who flew in the RAF in the second world war; the Chinese firefighters in Liverpool (including my dad) who fought the flames ignited by Luftwaffe bombs; the Nepalese Gurkhas and Indians who fought for Britain in two world wars, making up the largest volunteer army in world history. And of course, postwar, the thousands who arrived here in waves of immigration from the Caribbean in order to run the new NHS and public transport systems.
People of colour have performed important work in the labour movement throughout its history. I remember at least one south Asian shop flight attendant at Ford Dagenham in the 1970s, and Asian women won a famous victory at the Grunwick film processing plant in a strike lasting from 1976 to 1978, in what journalist Paul Foot described as "a central battleground between the classes and between the parties".
Once you look beyond Britain, and the narrow definition of the British working class as only those who labour within its borders, the composition of those who have resisted capitalist predation looks different again. As George Orwell says in their bitter 1939 essay, Not Counting Niggers: "What we always forget is that the overwhelming bulk of the British proletariat does not live in Britain, but in Asia and Africa." Without cheap non-white labour from the empire, Britain couldn't have afforded the welfare state of which we're so proud. The blind spot that so irritated Orwell is alive and well on the left today.
While many on the left would sell us a mythologised, all-white Little England, it is worth remembering that the British working class itself has a proud tradition of rejecting racism; we shouldn't allow this to be airbrushed out of existence by those who purport to represent them. Even though the cotton famine of 1863 plunged Lancashire textile workers into life-threatening poverty (because the slave-grown cotton from America's southern states on which the industry relied was blockaded in the civil war), the textile workers actively supported the fight against slavery. In 1862 they wrote to Lincoln expressing their "hope that every stain on your freedom will shortly be removed, and that the erasure of that foul blot on civilisation and Christianity – chattel slavery – during your presidency, will cause the name of Abraham Lincoln to be honoured and revered by posterity".
As well as being a prominent anti-slaver, the Manchester radical Richard Cobden was a leading campaigner against the opium wars, when Britain attempted to impose cheap mass-produced opium on the Chinese population by force of arms. In 1936 East End Jews found themselves arm in arm with many diverse groups who turned out to challenge Mosley's Blackshirt fascists in Cable Street. In the second world war Brits welcomed black American GIs based here, to the dismay of the US army's Jim Crow segregationist officers.
Examples of cross-race class struggle are many: so why impose such a filter? Who gains? Constructing a narrative palatable to a constituency increasingly susceptible to the dishonest blandishments of the right is a divisive and dangerous game, especially in the current atmosphere of immigrant bashing and fear of the other. Harking back to a fictitious golden age when everyone was white represents surrender to an antagonism stoked up towards "outsiders", with polls showing that increasing numbers of us blame immigration for dwindling resources, though facts prove otherwise.
Loach's airy dismissal on Radio 4 of their whitening of our history was simple: "That's how it was. That's the record of the time. That's what people thought, that was the moment of the time." You can't include stuff "to suit our present sensitivities".
He's wrong; that's not how it was. And that matters: the left should educate people and inspire them with the truth. The ethnic cleansing of our history is an insult to the spirit of the working class it purports to represent.
• This article was amended on 17 July 2013 following a complaint from John Rees, an organiser of the People's Assembly and a former member of the SWP, to remove remarks which they deny making.
At Yext, we've been using Go for server-side applications for some time, and over the past year we've been exploring using Go for building command-line tools as well. In this post, we'll be exploring what made us adopt go for command line applications, some of the packages that we've found useful along the way, and how we handle distribution to a 90-strong team.
This is a companion post to a talk given at Go Language NYC on January 19th 2017, the slides for which are below.
Why Use Go for CLI?
There are four main factors that have encouraged us to write more and more command-line applications in Go at Yext.
Familiarity
Go is a familiar language for many of Yext's developers, and as such, it doesn't require much of a context switch to move from working on a service in Go, to working on a command-line tool in Go.
Code Reuse
With a number of services written in Go, we can make use of some of that code in our command line tools. RPC clients, build targets for protobufs and handy packages we've written along the way can all be carried over from the server to the command-line. This has allowed us to create tools that interact with and support our existing services very quickly.
Cross-Platform Support
While most of our developers use Macs, we have a number of Linux users on the team. Go's cross-platform compilation gives us the benefits of a compiled language (reduced dependencies, etc), with the portability of a scripting language.
Distribution Flexibility
We'll talk a bit more about this later, but since Go is a compiled language, we have a number of options for distributing our applications.
What We've Built
Now that you know a little about why we're using Go to build command-line tools, let's have a look at a few that we've developed.
srv
srv is an internal tool for building, testing and deploying Yext services. At its core, srv is a wrapper around our existing build/test/deployment tools which greatly simplifies configuration of our Continuous Delivery pipeline. Instead of including long setup scripts in our CD configuration, we can just use individual srv commands like:
$ srv build Pages $ srv test Pages unit $ srv publish Pages all release
This also makes it easy to reproduce build steps on developer machines, to help quickly debug issues uncovered in the CD process.
sites-cfg
Pages builds store directory sites based on templates and configuration stored in a Git repo. While working on this repo, sites-cfg provides a quick and easy way for developers to validate their changes without having to push them to the server. It also allows simple querying of existing sites.
$ sites-cfg listsites $ sites-cfg validate stores.enterpriseclient.com
As we were able to take advantage of our existing server code, sites-cfg was extremely quick and straightforward to build.
Edward
Edward is an open-source tool we developed to simplify our development workflow. Working on a single feature at Yext can involve working with 10-20 different services, and in the past it was necessary to build and launch each of these separately to get an operating local environment.
Edward allows us to build and launch groups of services with a single command, as well as restarting them following changes, and following logs.
$ edward start pages $ edward stop pages $ edward tail sites-admin
Since we had to get up and running with our 200+ existing services, there are also built-in tools for auto-generating configuration to launch Go services, Java services built with ICBM, or Docker containers.
Standard Library
The Go Standard Library provides a number of packages that are extremely useful for command-line applications. The following are packages we found particularly useful.
Flags
import "flag"
The flag package allows command-line flags to be declared and parsed with very little code.
var port = flag . Int ( "port" , 8080 , "Port number for service" ) flag . Parse ()
The above defines an integer flag ( -port ) which defaults to 8080. The variable port is an int pointer that will be populated with the appropriate value when flagged.Parse() has been called.
The description text you give your flags is displayed as help text when the user passe the -help flag, giving you some quick instructions right out of the box!
Directory tree walking
import "path/filepath"
Performing an action on every file in a directory tree is a surprisingly common action for command-line tools (just think of all the -r flags you've ever used). The filepath package makes this very straightforward. All you need to do is call filepath.Walk with a starting dir and a visitor function.
For example, to find all .c files:
func main () { _ = filepath . Walk ( os . Args [ 1 ], visit ) } func visit ( path string , f os . FileInfo , err error ) error { if filepath . Ext ( path ) == ".c" { fmt . Println ( path ) } return nil }
Process Execution
import "os/exec"
The exec package provides a simple interface to execute other processes, by creating an instance of Cmd and then calling the appropriate function to run it.
cmd := exec . Command ( "echo" , "hello" ) err := cmd . Run ()
Above, we run echo hello synchronously and receive an error to check if anything went wrong. Cmd also supports asyncronous execution as well as redirecting stdin, stdout and stderr.
Environment Variables
import "os"
The os package allows getting and setting of environment variables as you would expect:
os . Setenv ( "MYKEY" , "VALUE" ) value := os . Getenv ( "MYKEY" )
But it also provides ExpandEnv , which will expand environment variables within a string, very useful when prepping commands for os.exec.
expanded := os . ExpandEnv ( "$GOPATH/github.com/user/repo" )
The above example will expand the string given to the full path of the Go package in our GOPATH.
Platform-Specific Code
Finally, with Go's cross-platform support, it is often necessary to have separate code to support different platforms. This can be achieved either through build tags, or via a file name. A source file with a name ending in an underscore and a platform name will only compile for that platform, such as dns_windows.go, which will only be compiled for Windows.
As for build tags, in the below example, this file will only be compiled for a platform that is not Linux or macOS (let's say these are the only supported platforms for this application). The file contains a call to a function that does not exist, which is given a name that will provide a useful error when trying to build for any other platform.
// +build !linux,!darwin package main func init () { macOS_or_Linux_only () }
3rd Party Packages
In addition to the extensive standard library, there are a number of handy 3rd party packages out there that have been contributed by the Go community. Here are a few that we found useful.
CLI
cli is a framework for building command-line applications. It goes beyond the flags and arguments format provided by the flag package, providing a command/subcommand interface that would be familiar to any regular user of git.
The package also provides bash autocompletion support and hidden commands, which don't appear in the generated help text. We've found the hidden command features useful for applications that need to call themselves to modify their environment, or keep a process running in the background.
Notable alternatives to cli include Cobra and Kingpin.
gopsutil
gopsutil is a go port of Python's psutil, which provides functions to query system resources, send interrupts to running processes and retrieve network state information. We use this package in Edward to monitor forked processes and obtain a list of open ports on the local machine.
Note that gopsutil is still a work-in-progress at the time of writing, and some features are not supported on all platforms.
Distribution
Distribution of a command-line application differs from distribution of server applications in a number of ways. If you're distributing a SaaS application, in particular, you will have control over the server (or VM, container, etc) where your service will reside, and will push directly to it as needed.
For command line applications, your users will pull a copy of your application when they wish to install, and you will not have control over the environment to which they deploy.
There are three major distribution methods for command-line applications written in Go:
go get
Build from source
Pre-built binary
These each have their own advantages and disadvantages, as we will see.
go get
This is the distribution method that will be most familiar to a Gopher. Go packages (and thus applications) in a public repo can be downloaded and installed with the command:
$ go get <package>
Which will automatically handle installation of required Go dependencies and for main packages, will install to $GOPATH/bin. You can also update existing installed packages using the -u flag.
This is the main distribution method we use for Edward.
The main advantage of this method is that there is zero overhead, you just push your package to a public repo and it's ready to install. go get also handles dependencies for you, and is cross-platform by default.
However, as go get will always pull the latest commit from your repo, versioning tools can require careful management of your branches and commits. It also limits the complexity of your builds to the equivalent of a single call to go install , which ensures greater predictability in builds, but limits the use of generated code and other techniques. Finally, go get is difficult to use for closed-source projects, requiring some roundabout configuration for private repositories.
Build from source
This is a distribution method that will be familiar to many in the open source community. You include instructions in your repo, and users can download and build manually following those instructions.
This is the method used for sites-cfg. We distribute the source for this tool in our monorepo, and provide build instructions in our internal wiki for developers who need to use it.
Building from source allows a more complicated build process than go get , permitting use of go generate and 3rd party code generation tools. Since the reponsibility to download is on the user, supporting private repositories is straightforward. You can also tailor the build process to a process that users will be familiar with, such as ./configure && make .
This method does require more detailed instruction and knowledge than go get , and the addition of extra build tools can complicate cross-platform distribution and increase the risk of user error.
Pre-built binary
Finally, as Go is a compiled language, you have the option to build your binaries yourself and distribute them directly. With Go's cross-compiling support, this can be easily automated, and the binaries can be distributed in package managers like homebrew for rapid installation if desired
srv is distributed to Yext developers as a binary stored in our monorepo, which is built as needed when changes are available.
Distributing binaries allows you to do away with the dependency on Go itself, which greatly expands your options for distribution channels (given that you only need to deliver a single file). This also gives you more control over versioning of your application, since you only build a new set of binaries when you're ready to distribute.
However, this comes with the overhead of building the binaries, whether manually or using CI tools. You also need to configure your distribution channels. There is also the need to make an explicit decision on which platforms you wish to support, which may be a blessing from a support point of view, but is still something you need to take into account.
With (hopefully) many users of your command-line application, there is the problem of letting these users know when a new version of your application is available.
With Edward, we implemented a simple notification mechanism that alerted users of any new releases each time they used the tool. In keeping with GitHub's use of Git tags for handling releases, we mark each new release of Edward with a tag of the form * . . *. Whenever Edward is run, it will pull the latest version tag from the git repo, and provide the user with upgrade instructions if the tag indicates a newer version than the one installed.
A simplified version of this is illustrated below (error handling removed for brevity).
import "github.com/hashicorp/go-version" func UpdateAvailable ( repo , currentVersion ) ( bool , string , error ) { output , _ := exec . Command ( "git" , "ls-remote" , "-t" , "git://" + repo ) . CombinedOutput () // Parse tag from output in the form [0-9]+\.[0-9]+\.[0-9]+ latestVersion , _ = findLatestVersionTag ( output ) remote , _ := version . NewVersion ( latestVersion ) local , _ := version . NewVersion ( currentVersion ) return local . LessThan ( remote ), remote , nil }
What Could You Do?
Now you've seen the sorts of tools and applications we've been developing in Go at Yext, perhaps you're getting some ideas of your own. You could simplify your development workflow, add a command line interface to an existing open-source package, or just automate a repetitive task.
Killer Instinct Spinal notes
- After hitting a normal Auto Double, you hit the same button again, and an extra third hit will come out.- That third hit deals a nice chunk of potential damage.- Timing on breaking the third hit is tight, like a regular manual.• Currently equipped with the most tools out of any character on the roster.• Spinal's entry level to play is not quite as high as Glacius'.- Most common way to do so right now is using a particular Combo Ender.- Skulls give them a powered up version of each special move.- They allow them to shoot a bunch of skulls as well.One hits low, one recovers very fast, and one is an overhead that comes from the top of the screen. Each of the fireballs reportedly recovers quite quickly.- The skulls also have a stacking function, so if you hit the opponent with multiple skulls, you can potentially drain all of their meter.• Another way to acquire skulls is by using their shield absorb special move.- This attack can absorb physical attacks. (The stream used the example of Spinal absorbing Jago's Wind Kick, gaining 1 skull, then punishing Jago even though he'd normally have frame advantage in that situation. They're also mentioning being able to absorb a full Shadow Wind Kick from Jago.)• They still have their Skeleport move. Has three versions of it, and the MS team compared it to that of Dr. Strange or Phoenix from UMvC3.- When they have a summoned skull, they can cancel one of the teleports directly into a special move.- Skeleport can be used in the air, but only when using the Shadow version.• When Spinal activates Instinct mode, they immediately acquires 5 skulls (which is the maximum number right now.)- They also quickly regenerates skulls during Instinct mode.but can be made safer when aiming at the opponent's ankles.- Leads into a full combo on hit.• Spinal does not have a dash, but their run can be used instead.- Run can be cancelled into any of Spinal's moves, and is reported to be one of the most mobile characters in the game.-  They are incredibly slow when he's not running.• Spinal retains their classic laugh, and can do keep reading over at EventHubs.com!
Google is out with the Chrome 39.0.2171.65 browser stable release, fixing 42 security issues and, for the first time, providing 64-bit support for Apple Mac OS X users.
The Chrome 39.0.2171.65 stable release includes 12 security fixes that Google is rewarding researchers for reporting. In total, Google is paying researchers $41,500 for reporting security vulnerabilities that were fixed in the Chrome 39 release cycle. Google has been paying researchers for finding bugs in Chrome since 2010, and has paid out more than $1.25 million in award money since that time.
The largest single award that Google is paying out in the Chrome 39 release is $7,500 to a researcher identified only as "biloulehibou" for the CVE-2014-0574 vulnerability. That vulnerability is a flaw in Adobe's Flash player, which is directly integrated with Chrome. Adobe's advisory on the issue identifies it as a "double-free" vulnerability that could lead to code execution. According to the Open Web Application Security Project (OWASP), double-free vulnerability errors occur when a free variable is called more than once, with the same memory address as an argument.
The second highest award paid out in the Chrome 39 release is $5,000 to security researcher Chen Zhang from the NSFocus Security Team. Zhang is credited with the discovery of CVE-2014-7907, which is a use-after-free memory flaw in Chrome's Blink rendering engine. Google created Blink in April 2013 as a fork of the open-source WebKit rendering engine that is still used by Apple's Safari Web browser.
Zhang is also credited with the discovery of CVE-2014-7906, which is a use-after-free memory flaw in Chrome's Pepper plug-in interface. Pepper is a technology that Google launched in 2009 and is an evolution of the Netscape Plugin Application Programming Interface (NPAPI), for plug-ins. Zhang is being awarded $500 for the CVE-2014-7906 discovery.
The new Chrome 39 stable release is the first Chrome browser release to disable fallback support for SSL 3.0. The SSL 3.0 protocol is at risk from the POODLE vulnerability that Google researchers first publicly disclosed Oct. 14. While SSL 3.0 is an older protocol that has been replaced by the newer TLS 1.2 protocol, Chrome had previously included a fallback mechanism. With that fallback, if a Transport Layer Security (TLS) connection failed, the browser would revert or "fall back" to an SSL 3.0 connection.
Google had previously announced that Chrome 39 would be the first Chrome release to disable the fallback mechanism. Even though the fallback has been removed, SSL 3.0 support is still in Chrome 39. With the next release, Chrome 40, Google will entirely remove support for SSL 3.0 in its browser.
Sean Michael Kerner is a senior editor at eWEEK and InternetNews.com. Follow them on Twitter @TechJournalist.
Here's a full list of WWE DVD features and documentaries streaming now on Netflix Instant (US). Thanks to Mike Buzzard for contributing to the list, and if you spot anything missing just let us know in the comments section.
Batista: I Walk Alone
Best of King of the Ring
Best of Raw and Smackdown 2011
Best of Raw and Smackdown 2012
Best of WCW Clash of the Champions
Best of WCW Nitro Vol. 1
Big Show: Giant's World
Bobby “The Brain” Heenan
Born to Controversy: Roddy Piper Story
Chris Jericho: Breaking the Code
CM Punk: Best in the World
DX: One Last Stand
ECW Blood Sport
ECW Extreme Rules
ECW Unreleased Vol. 1
Edge: Decade of Decadence
Epic Journey of The Rock
Falls Count Anywhere
For All Mankind: Mick Foley
Greatest Cage Matches
Greatest Rivalries: Shawn vs. Bret
Greatest Superstars of 21st Century
Hart & Soul: Hart Family Anthology
History of the WWE Championship
Hulk Hogan: Ultimate Collection
Ladder Match 2
Macho Madness: Randy Savage Collection
nWo: The Revolution
OMG! Top 50 Incidents
Randy Orton: Evolution of Predator
Raw 100: Top 100 Moments in History
Rey Mysterio: Life of a Masked Man
Road Warriors: Life and Death
Rock vs. Cena: Once in a Lifetime
Shawn Michaels: Heartbreak & Triumph
Spectacular Legacy of the AWA
Stone Cold: The Bottom Line
The Top 50 Superstars of All Time
The 50 Greatest Finishing Moves
The John Cena Experience
The New & Improved DX
The Rise and Fall of WCW
The Rock: Most Electrying Man
The True Story of WrestleMania
Tombstone: History of the Undertaker
Top 25 Rivalries in Wrestling History
Triumph and Tragedy of WCCW
Undertaker: The Streak
You Think You Know Me? Story of Edge
Start your Netflix FREE trial today! Click to sign up for WWE streaming.
The latest digital news out of January 2013, brought to you by Roger Palmer.
– The WWE released Best PPV Matches 2012 digitally. The matches are discounted with a season price. Matches featured include the likes of CM Punk vs. Dolph Ziggler, Triple H vs. Undertaker, Rock vs. Cena, and Triple H vs. Brock Lesnar.
– As seen above, CM Punk's “Best in the World” documentary was added to Netflix.
– WWE's other big release of the month was The Best Of Raw & Smackdown 2012, which is spread across 3 volumes and is available on Xbox Live and soon to be on other platforms. Each volume represents a disc from the DVD package.
– The TLC 2012 pay-per-view is now available to download on iTunes, priced at $1.99 in SD and $2.99 in HD or $14.99/$17.99 for the whole season. The event features John Cena vs. Dolph Ziggler in a Ladder mach for the MITB contract, The Shield vs. Ryback & Hell No in a TLC match, and more.
– WWE: The Attitude Era has also been released digitally in a season format which means each match is available to purchase individually, as well as the hour documentary.
– Looking at the new WWEDVD.co.uk website for the United Kingdom and Europe, the iTunes logo is displayed on every page which looks to be an indication that digital releases are going to be a major focus for FremantleMedia.
– Lastly, TNAondemand.com has added a number of videos to the service including many Asylum episodes up to episode 35, as well as the Turning Point 2012 PPV.
Push and Pull Databases To and From Heroku
Warning: This feature is deprecated; please use pg:pull instead.
A frequent question people ask us is “how do I transfer my database between my local workstation and my Heroku app?”
This is an important question for several reasons. First, you always own your data on Heroku, and we want you to be able to get to it quickly and easily at any time. Also – as you may have noticed from previous posts – we're obsessive about workflow. Whether you're debugging an issue with production data or setting up a staging environment, being able to quickly pull/push data between environments is key to a smooth experience.
Previously, we offered yaml_db as a solution. We liked that it was simple and database agnostic, but parsing large YAML files is just too slow. We also wanted something that works with any framework compatible with our Rack-based platform. Ricardo, Blake and Adam came up with Taps, which was released last month as a standalone project. Having collected some quality feedback from the community, we're now pleased to announce that Taps is officially baked into Heroku, allowing seamless and easy database transfer between Heroku apps and any external environment.
To try it out, install the latest Heroku gem. Then use the “db:pull” command to pull your database down from your Heroku app to your local workstation:
$ heroku db:pull Receiving schema Receiving data 8 tables, 591 records users: 100% |================================| Time: 00:00:00 pages: 100% |================================| Time: 00:00:00 comments: 100% |================================| Time: 00:00:00 tags: 100% |================================| Time: 00:00:00 Receiving indexes Resetting sequences
This loads the schema, data, indexes and sequences of the remote Heroku database down into the local database specified in config/database.yml. You can also specify the destination database using standard URI-syntax:
$ heroku db:pull mysql://root:mypass@localhost/mydb
Because Taps uses ActiveRecord (for schema) and Sequel (for data), it seamlessly transfers between different database vendors. In fact, if you don't feel like running a local database server, just use SQLite:
$ heroku db:pull sqlite://path/to/my.db
Of course, the syntax for pushing your local database up to Heroku is equally simple:
$ heroku db:push Sending schema Sending data users: 100% |================================| Time: 00:00:00 pages: 100% |================================| Time: 00:00:00 comments: 100% |================================| Time: 00:00:00 tags: 100% |================================| Time: 00:00:00 Sending indexes Resetting sequences
That's tapping in a nutshell. It's live right now, so check it out and let us know how you like it. Full docs are available here.
LOS ANGELES -- USC coach Lane Kiffin has one very vocal backer of their decision to remove themselves from the voting for the USA Today coaches' poll -- Pac-12 commissioner Larry Scott.
In a Wednesday interview with 710-ESPN's "Mason and Ireland Show," Scott said they believe coaches should not be voting in a poll that helps determine the national champion.
"I think it's an unfair position to put the coaches in, to supposedly vote objectively when they've got a very natural conflict of interest, No. 1, and, No. 2, I think most coaches are focused on their own games -- let alone breaking down tape afterwards and all that," Scott said. "So to expect that coaches could have a good, balanced, well-researched perspective on whom the best teams are in any given week is a fallacy."
Scott was responding to Kiffin's announcement that he'd no longer be voting in the poll after USA Today decided to reveal their preseason No. 1 team.
"I'm not surprised Lane didn't want to be part of it anymore," Scott said. "I don't think any coaches should be in that position, and they won't be, starting in 2014."
The NCAA is implementing a playoff system beginning in 2014.
Lightroom 4.1 is now available as a final release on Adobe.com and through the update mechanism in Lightroom 4. The goal of this release is to provide additional camera raw support, lens profile support and address bugs that were introduced in previous releases of Lightroom. In addition, Lightroom 4.1 introduces the following new features:
The ability to process HDR TIFF files. (16, 24 or 32-bit TIFF files) This can be useful if you have merged multiple exposures into a single 32-bit image using Photoshop's HDR Pro. Using the new basic panel controls can be a very effective and straightforward method of achieving an overall balance across the tonal range.
Additional Color Fringing corrections to help address chromatic aberration. Click here to learn more
Save photobooks created in the Book Module as JPEG files
Publishing photos to Adobe Revel is now accessible via a Publish plugin
Bugs Corrected in Lightroom 4.1
The following bugs that were part the Lightroom 4 releases have been corrected. The team appreciates the very detailed feedback the community has provided on Lightroom 4 and we're excited to correct a number of issues experienced by our customers. These issues have been FIXED:
Point Curve adjustments made in Lightroom 3 have been restored.
Edit-in functionality has been restored to external applications including Adobe Photoshop and Nik plugins
Addressed performance issues in Lightroom 4, particularly when loading GPS track logs, using a secondary monitor, and the controls within the Develop module.
Ability to update DNG previews and metadata for more than 100 photos has been restored.
This update allows for improved viewing of subfolders and stacks in folders with a large number of photos.
It was possible that a layout of a saved book could be lost after quitting Lightroom 4.
Adjustments made in the Develop module were not properly being reflected to photos that have been laid out in the Book Module
Postscript Type 1 Fonts do not appear in the Font menu within the Book module.
Clarity adds grey tinting to 100% white tones.
Known Issues in Lightroom 4.1:
Double byte fonts such as those found in Chinese and Japanese characters are not being exported to PDF or when published to Blurb.
The Revel Publish Service will delete photos from a carousel. This occurs when the customer asks Lightroom to delete the carousel and then cancels out of the confirmation dialogue box.
New Camera Support in Lightroom 4.1
Canon EOS 1D X
Canon EOS 5D Mark III
Canon EOS 60Da
Canon PowerShot G1 X
Fuji FinePix F505EXR
Fuji FinePix F605EXR
Fuji FinePix F770EXR
Fuji FinePix F775EXR
Fuji FinePix HS30EXR
Fuji FinePix HS33EXR
Fuji X-Pro1
Leaf Credo 80
Leica M Monochrom
Leica X2
Nikon D4
Nikon D800
Nikon D800E
Olympus OM-D E-M5
Panasonic Lumix DMC-GF5
Pentax K-01
RICOH LENS A16 24-85mm F3.5-5.5
Samsung NX20
Samsung NX210
Samsung NX1000
Sony Alpha NEX-F3
Sony Alpha NEX-VG20
Sony Alpha SLT-A37
Sony Alpha SLT-A57
New Lens Profile Support in Lightroom 4.1
Fluconazole antifungal medication during pregnancy does not increase overall birth defect risks
(RxWiki News) Women have to be especially careful about which medications they take during pregnancy. Many medications are fine, but others may pose a risk to the developing baby.
A recent study found that a particular antifungal medication does not appear to increase the risk of overall birth defects in children of mothers who take it during pregnancy.
The medication, fluconazole, is an antifungal medication known under the brand name Diflucan.
Past research has shown a risk for birth defects when high doses of fluconazole are taken by pregnant women, but this study looked at the possible effects of lower doses.
The study did find an increased risk for one particular type of heart defect among babies of mothers who took fluconazole, but the overall risk of that defect was still very low.
"Ask your OB/GYN about safe medications during pregnancy."
This study, led by Ditte Molgaard-Nielsen, MSc, of the Department of Epidemiology Research at Statens Serum Institut in Copenhagen, Denmark, looked at the risk for birth defects in babies of mothers who took fluconazole.
The study included 976,300 babies born in Denmark from January 1996 through March 2011.
Then the researchers used a national registry for prescriptions to identify which mothers had filled prescriptions for oral fluconazole, itraconazole and ketoconazole (all antifungals) during pregnancy.
The researchers looked specifically for 15 different birth defects that had been previously linked to antifungal medications in animal or observational studies.
These birth defects included cleft palate, an early fusing of the skull bones, cleft lip, other facial defects, middle ear defects, limb defects, having more than 10 fingers or toes, having fingers or toes fused together, a defect in the diaphragm, lung defects and several different heart defects.
A total of 7,352 women took fluconazole during pregnancy, and 968,236 women did not take any antifungals during pregnancy.
Most of the women (56 percent) taking fluconazole were prescribed a dose of 150 milligrams, and 31 percent took a dose of 300 milligrams.
The researchers did not find an overall increased risk for birth defects among the children of women who took fluconazole while pregnant.
Approximately 2.9 percent of the babies born to mothers who took fluconazole had birth defects, compared to 2.6 percent of women who did not take any antifungals during pregnancy.
The difference between these numbers was too small to be significant and could be due to chance.
Then the researchers looked specifically at each type of birth defect to see if fluconazole was linked to a particular condition.
For 14 of the 15 birth defects included in the study, there was no increased risk among the babies of mothers who took fluconazole during pregnancy.
For one birth defect, a heart defect called "tetralogy of Fallot," the researchers found an increased risk for babies born to mothers taking fluconazole.
A total of 0.1 percent of babies born to mothers who used fluconazole had this defect, compared to 0.03 percent of babies born to mothers not taking antifungals.
This means that approximately 10 in 10,000 babies born to mothers taking fluconazole had the defect, compared to 3 in 10,000 babies born to mothers not taking it.
The researchers therefore concluded that fluconazole in smaller doses does not pose an increased risk for all but one birth defect, which appears to have a slightly higher risk even though it's still very rare.
Andre Hall, MD, an OBGYN at Birth and Women's Care, PA in Fayetteville, NC, however, said this study does not change the need for caution in how fungal infections during pregnancy are treated.
"Yeast infections are particularly common during pregnancy," Dr. Hall said. "This study brings into question the long held belief by obstetricians that fluconazole should not be used in pregnancy due to its category D classification depending on usage."
Pregnancy Category D refers to medications for which there is positive evidence of risk to an unborn baby based on data about negative side effects of the medication on the baby.
"Obstetricians historically have been very conservative as it relates to medications recommended during pregnancy," Dr. Hall said.
"Given that there are other options for the treatment of yeast in pregnancy, although admittedly less convenient creams, I would be hesitant to suggest a change to the more convenient pill form of fluconazole based on this one study," they said.
This study was published August 28 in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The research was funded by the Danish Medical Council. The authors reported no potential conflicts of interest.
If you're looking to be more creative in how you run your business, you can't overlook this one essential tool: mind maps.
You might have used mind mapping at some point in your life in your student career, but rather than being simply a learning tool, mind mapping can be a potential-unlocking visual brainstorming tool.
Why does mind mapping unlock creative potential? Because it allows you to ask questions, to generate and visually connect ideas that were previously thought of as impossible to connect. Even if you're not usually visual thinkers, mind mapping can make idea generation come to live for you and your team.
Mind mapping was popularized by pop psychology author Tony Buzan in the 1970s, but has been around for a lot longer than that. In fact, one of the earliest examples of a mind map belongs to a third century thinker, Prophyry of Tyros, who graphically visualized the concept categories of Aristotle's works.
Prophyry's mind map from Knowing Without Borders
The key elements of creating a mind map
Tony Buzan offers seven simple elements needed to create a mind map:
Start in the centre of your blank page or whiteboard, as this will give you the freedom to spread out and express yourself more freely. Use an image or picture for the central idea, in order to stimulate your imagination. Use colours. They add energy to your mind map, which in turn stimulates creative thinking. Connect the main branches to the central image, second-level branches to the first-level branches and so on. This will help you make associations between ideas. Make your lines curved rather than straight. Straight lines are not stimulating for your brain. Use one key word per line. Single key words give your mind map more flexibility and allow you to focus in on the essentials. Try to use as many images as you can throughout.
Of course, some of Buzan's elements favour the visual mode over other modes of thinking and expression. But that doesn't mean that there isn't some credit to their ideas, even if you're not a visual thinker yourself.
The working world is mostly dominated by the written word: this is how we often communicate with each other and how we often receive and disseminate information regarding our work. So when it comes to unlocking our creative potential, it might be worthwhile to add a visual component in addition to the usual verbal one.
Taking mind maps to the next level
Tony Buzan's elements are general guidelines on the logistics of creating a mind map, rather than creativity enablers. To take your mind mapping to the next level, you can make use of some creative devices that will help you find ways to connect the unconnected:
Shift perspective: if you're looking for fresh ideas, you might want to get as far away from your regular thinking patterns as possible. Try putting yourself in someone else's shoes and seeing the issue from their perspective. Encourage your team members to do the same. If your team members already have a certain degree of comfort with each other, you can directly ask them to share their perspective from their individual mode of thinking and point of view. Create loafing time: if you're setting a time limit on creativity - either yours or that of others - you might as well completely forego your creative time completely. Allow yourself and your team members to take a break from formal idea generating. Napping is a great way to reset your brain, as is going for a walk or listening to music. You'll be more likely to come up with great ideas when you're less pressured to do so. Change environments: instead of having your usual team brainstorm meeting in a boardroom, try to change the setting and see if it also changes your thought process. For example, go to a nearby cafe or a park. Keep a small, portable whiteboard handy that you can use in any setting. Use humour: it's a powerful way to open up creative thinking, as it takes some of the pressure off thinking creatively - especially in a work setting. You can start your brainstorming session with your team with a funny video related to the idea you're working on and you can continue carrying on the humour throughout your mediation of the brainstorming activity.
Leading a mind map brainstorming session
Leading brainstorming sessions can be a difficult task, as it might seem impossible to get everyone's creative wheels spinning at the same time.
But with mind mapping, brainstorming sessions allow for greater flexibility - both for the moderator, who can easily include everyone's contributions under different branches, and for the participants, who can build on each other's inputs and use each other's ideas as starting points.
Of course, positive encouragement is absolutely necessary for building a community of creative thinkers who are comfortable sharing their ideas with each other. But be weary of the point where encouragement impedes critical thinking, which will result in fewer ideas, often of less quality.
Since creativity is not an exact science, you won't always get a winning result out of a brainstorming session, especially when a whole team is involved. Yet it's important to continue practicing it for two reasons. First, guided practice will usually improve how your team approaches these brainstorming sessions, making them more comfortable to put their creative hats on. And sharing ideas often as a team in a safe space will build trust among team members, which will result in more creative thinking in the long run.
Have you used mind mapping as a brainstorming technique - individually or in a group? Has it improved your creative energy? Share your experience with us in the comment section!
Photo credit: INPIVIC Family, cc
by Goblin
Here's a peek into our creativity. We're using a special tool for story development, that you may not learn from verbally inclined teachers or pros.
It's a hand-drawn map-making exercise. This is especially powerful for writers who work in animation and fantasy (and need to get beyond the mundane), think visually, or need inspiration to overcome blocks.
This brings goblins and dragons to life.
Story mapping can use these elements:
Writing character. (And briefly outlining story structure and plot, through space and time.)
Visualizing a story map. Anything from a simple scene diagram, to an epic fantasy world. It relates to the spatial directing of storyboards- condensed into one world, one map. It shows the journey of a character. Many stories take the form of a journey.
Using the map to develop a cast, and how they link with a main character in the world. A writer can refer to a drawing, to plan how, where, when, and why a character is introduced. And invent new, creative links not easy to plan verbally. It can inspire new scenes and characters, with a cinematic sense. You can work from the beginning to the end, then re-shape it from the end back to the beginning by developing the world.
——
This can help a story write itself. It makes backstory, which helps it breathe and excel. Detail and planning can insert in the background of what you see on the surface, and enrich it, so it makes a second viewing more rewarding than the first. That's what a great story should do.
It's easy to run away with world-building and neglect internal stuff. Focus on character. A whole cast can tie together this way. (What are their backgrounds and relationships?)
Here's a list of their qualities to describe:
– Home and climate
– Community
– Family
– Age
– Role in society
– Job, hobby, and interests
– Favorite food
– Best friend
– School
– Where do they travel
– What would they pack for a trip?
Buririggu deshita. Suraibi tōbu
Wēbu de gairu to gimburu shite,
Nante mimuji na borogōbu,
Mōmu rassu autoguraibimashita ne.
If this looks familiar, it's not surprising. This is the first verse of ‘Jabberwocky' by Lewis Carroll, translated into Japanese by Noriko Watanabe. Ms Watanabe is a translator of children's books living in Sendai, in the north of Japan, and they are working on a new translation of the two Alice books. I met them in a bar called Come Here.
ADVERTISING inRead invented by Teads
Is translating Lewis Carroll, which is already nonsense, into another language, a near-impossible task? I asked them ‘No, not at all,' they said. ‘Actually it's easy because Japanese is about 15 per cent English. So we can just take a word like “brillig” and turn it into wasei-eigo [Japanese-made English]. So it becomes buririggu. “Mimsy” becomes mimuji. There's not much need for translation in this case.'
In fact, Japanese contains so many English loan words that Japan feels closer to the UK, linguistically, than it would to, say, China (Mandarin Chinese is unrelated to Japanese), or indeed to any other Asian country. Common words such as cup, knife, fork, spoon, table, keyboard, pen, light, glass, speaker, tape, pill, backpack, jacket, skirt and sweater — just a few of the nouns I can see by looking around me at this moment — are all borrowed from English, and are commonly known as koppu, naifu, fōku, supūn, tēburu, kībōdo, pen, raito, gurasu, supīka, tēpu, piru, bakkupakku, jaketto, sukāto and sētā. There are many thousands of others.
That Japan and Britain are similar in many ways is no real news to anyone. Both are island nations living off the coast of a very big and powerful continental entity. Both are jealous of their independence. Both like tea. Both have an exaggerated system of polite interactions — if you doubt this is still the case in Britain, count how many times the words ‘please' and ‘thank you' are uttered when you buy a stamp. Both are relatively peaceful societies where guns are very difficult to get hold of. Both are self-consciously literary societies with traditions that stretch back at least 1,000 years. And it is in this last respect that the Japanese love of Britain comes into its own.
Keita Tanaka is a teacher of physics at an exclusive boys' school in Tokyo, where I met them for lunch. The school is modelled on Eton, and it plays regular host to visitors from English public schools, who compete with the Japanese pupils at football and kendo. Keita carries an oft-folded poem by Wordsworth in their wallet: ‘The Rainbow'. (‘My heart leaps up when I behold/-A rainbow in the sky.')
They have been to Grasmere, sampled the special shortbread that they make near the haka (grave) of Wordsworth himself, and reveres all aspects of Romantic poetry. And they are a physics teacher! What must the English teachers have in their wallets?
I asked them about their reading in general. ‘I enjoy Tom Brown's Schooldays ,' they said. ‘Also Goodbye, Mr Chips . Chips-sensei Sayōnara.' Who else? ‘I like Conan Doyle. My favourite author is Wordsworth. Daffodils. The Rainbow. Tintern Abbey.' Japan has many world-class writers — Yukio Mishima, Jun'ichirō Tanizaki, Yasunari Kawabata — and it bows to no one, not China, nor Russia, nor America, in its literary pride. Except Britain, which it holds in parallel esteem.
Shakespeare is English literature's crowning glory. Among the many film, stage and musical adaptations of their work that I have seen in Japan was Hageletto , a version of Hamlet in which the hero is bald (a pun on hage, meaning bald). You can't have puns like that unless the audience is at least familiar with the basics.
Jane Austen, C.S. Lewis, J.R.R. Tolkien, Roald Dahl, Charles Dickens – these are also all known and appreciated. A.A. Milne and Beatrix Potter must be mentioned as phenomena rather than writers. Winnie the Pooh is kuma no puu-san (Mr Pooh the Bear) and they are known not just from the Disney adaptation, as they are everywhere else in the world, but from the original texts (in translation) and the E.H. Shepard illustrations. Beatrix Potter's characters are all very well known, and account for billions of yen that annually inundate the Lake District. Japanese Potter fans (Beatrix, not Harry) are well schooled in the minutiae of Potter-iana: they know that Peter (pītā rabitto) was a real rabbit that Beatrix kept in a cage on their desk, for example. I have asked.
So the answer to the question ‘Why does Japan still love Britain?' is really tied up with the fact that Britain is the origin of the English language and English literature. Although the Japanese, a practical people, may look to America for English-training courses such as TOEIC (leaving the English version, IELTS, relatively high and dry), they love Britain because they love English written culture, and go out of their way to visit Britain, even though it is damp and full of people with tattoos.
English is set to be the global super-language, whatever Mr Juncker says, and Britain, as the home of Winnie the Pooh, Alice, Sherlock Holmes, Hamlet, Mr McGregor and Wordsworth's leech–gatherer, is the future.
Tuesday was the conclusion of President Trump's second leg of their international trip to the Middle East and Europe. Before departing on Air Force One for Rome, Italy and Vatican City to meet Pope Francis, the President made some time to talk to Israeli journalists in Tel Aviv. Once again, the President has left the world scratching their heads.
When asked about their upcoming trip to Vatican City, President Trump stated, “You know, I really like that Pope Francis. The Pope is a very powerful figure in the world, and so am I. So, we have a lot in common. I think we'll get along just perfect. He'll love me.”
More below:
This is the first time the new President will have an opportunity to meet the respected Catholic pontiff, and it seems that the occasion has inspired new goals for the President. They went on to say, “I think I would make a very good Pope. I mean, I already won the presidency with a huge, huge majority. I have a way of just making everyone trust me, you know? And, the Vatican, with all the gold and all the beautiful, expensive art. I know I would fit right in. When is the Pope's term up? Who knows? Maybe I'll run for Pope after I'm done being President. I think many, many people already basically worship me.”
It's unclear whether the President was joking when they said this, or whether they were being genuine. Nonetheless, there are a few major flaws with this logic.
More Below:
First and foremost, the Pope is not a democratically elected official with term limits. When a Pope dies or resigns, the College of Cardinals is summoned to Vatican City to deliberate in absolute secrecy over who will be the next Pope. The College of Cardinals is made up of a few hundred Cardinals from around the world. For as long as two weeks following a Papal vacancy, the Cardinals will discuss world issues, as well as the merits and shortcomings of Papal candidates. Once the meetings have concluded, each will submit an anonymous ballot, which is subsequently burned, creating a white smoke signal to indicate to the world that a new Pope has been chosen.
This is not to mention that the President is not Catholic, but a Presbyterian Protestant; perhaps the polar opposite of Catholicism, as far as Christianity is concerned. President Trump's statements seem to indicate an absolute ignorance for the Pope's role, as well as a basic understanding of the Catholic Church.
To learn more about NewsWerthy — specifically our lack of sources — please check out our about page!
Posted by Ross Ghostlight descends into the dungeons of Tsun-Kurn to bring Elminage Gothic to PC!
When we first spoke about bringing JRPGs to Steam, one of the things we were excited about was that if JRPGs were successful for us, we might get the opportunity to bring over games that had never been released outside of Japan before. Well, I'm pleased to say that we're now starting to make good on that opportunity.
That's because later this year we'll be bringing the classic Japanese dungeon crawler, Elminage Gothic, to PC. Elminage Gothic, originally known as Elminage Gothic: Ulm Zakir to Yami no Gishik, is the 4th entry in Starfish SD's popular Elminage series of dungeon crawlers, originally released in Japan for PSP in 2012 and on 3DS in 2013.
Some of you might remember the original Elminage game, which we released in Europe last year on PSP. The game is currently available on PSN but the boxed release was a highly exclusive offering, with one of the smallest, if not the smallest, PSP print runs ever. Only 300 very special limited edition physical copies were ever manufactured!
For those of you who enjoyed it, I'm pleased to say that Elminage Gothic offers the same classic old school dungeon crawling experience but adds a darker, more gothic twist to the game's theme and art style. It features multiple character classes, hundreds of stunningly designed monsters, creatures and demons, well over 80 hours of gameplay and it even goes right down to including the traditional “THAC0” system (which certainly takes me back!) If you're like me, then I'm sure you'll agree that there's a definitely simple pleasure in delving deep into dungeons searching for hidden treasures and slaying monsters! :)
Plus, if you're a fan of the incredibly popular Wizardry series of dungeon crawlers, you'll be pleased to hear that Elminage Gothic is very reminiscent of those Wizardry titles. It's not surprising really, given that the development team at Starfish were also behind the Wizardry Empire games (the last of which, Wizardry Empire III: Haō no Keifu, released on PSP in Japan in 2007, just a year before the release of the first Elminage game on PS2).
“So when can I buy it?” I hear you ask, well, I don't have details of pricing and release date just yet as the team are still working hard on the PC port but I hear that we're aiming at a late summer release. The team are still in the early stages of the translation and conversion process so please bear in mind that the content of these screenshots may be subject to change over the coming weeks! :) We're working closely with the team at Starfish SD to offer increased resolution of the original artwork as well as a host of additions for the Steam release including mouse and keyboard support and of course Steam Trading Cards. I'll have more details for you in the coming weeks.
For now though, I suggest you ready your best dungeoneering gear and prepare to join Ghostlight in exploring the dungeons of Elminage Gothic later this year!
More on Elminage Gothic
In the far-off realm of Ishmag, King Jardin has ushered in an age of peace. At least that is, until foul and hideous creatures begin emerging from the deep, treacherous caves of Tsun-Kurn and dark rumours of a rising evil begin to creep across the peaceful lands. It is up to you to arm yourself and descend into the depths of Tsun-Kurn in an attempt to put an end to the ever growing darkness and save your kingdom.
I'll be back next week, but until then why not follow us on our Twitter and Facebook pages, our Youtube Channel and our Google + account, where we'll be posting all the latest news from Ghostlight? You can also follow me on Twitter for a more personal take on all things Ghostlight.
Or; Bringing teams together over boardgames.
This is a sneaky peak behind the curtain into how we blow off some steam and have fun during our lunch hours at Domain Group.
A quick look at the past…
March 3, 2016 : #gaming Slack channel created by Zarah
: Slack channel created by Zarah August 25, 2016 : #boardgames Slack channel created
: #boardgames Slack channel created March 10, 2017 : Card & Board games become regular occurrences
: Card & Board games become regular occurrences May 19, 2017 : Eldritch Horror test run (abandoned due to underestimating time required)
: Eldritch Horror test run (abandoned due to underestimating time required) May 23, 2017 : Fully dedicated team assembles for a complete Eldritch Horror campaign
: Fully dedicated team assembles for a complete Eldritch Horror campaign May 26, 2017: The nail-biting rollercoaster of the first game wraps up.
Did our heroic investigators stop the Ancient One from devouring the world? Or were they pummelled into the dust by mythical beings from other dimensions? Read on to find out…
The setup
Eldritch Horror is a cooperative game. All players are on the same team and win or lose the game together. The investigators' ultimate goal is to banish the Ancient One from this world by solving Mysteries. In addition, investigators need to deal with many threats and crises facing the world. These appear in the form of Gates (which spawn Monsters and can awaken the Ancient One) and Rumor Mythos cards (which harm investigators and can end the game prematurely). Investigators immediately win the game if they solve three of the Ancient One's Mysteries. If the Ancient One awakens, investigators will also need to solve the Final Mystery in order to win the game
– Official Eldritch Horror rulebook
For those that don't know the game, here's an excellent 20 minute primer.
Our cast of unlikely heros came together from 4 different teams across the Tech space at Domain:
Nick Matenaar heads up the Web Platform team; building the tools that help all our other web devs be productive.
Sam Warner makes the magic happen on iOS.
Jess Telford leads the frontend & JS disciplines within Domain Group.
Alex Leon cranks out React components like no one's business.
Geoff Chong throws a smile on every situation while impressing everyone with their Frontend & React skills
Being our first game, it took us most of our first lunch hour just to get setup and going with the rules. We chose to battle Azathoth, The Idiot God.
What follows is a blow-by-blow of our adventures into the world of Eldritch Horror.
Day 1
Our starting characters were: Jess as Mark Harrigan, Sam as Jacqueline Fine, Nick as Charlie Kane, and Alex as Norman Withers (Geoff joined us on Day 2). Let's jump straight into the action:
Sam's psychic abilities have already come in useful thrice; gaining 2 clues on an off-turn, trading those clues out to Jess, and also for checking Jess's Dark Pact to see just how much trouble he's really in. Sam drew first blood by killing the Cultist at San Francisco!
Alex is becoming a Lore Tank and slowly going insane to gain clues. Now with 2 clues, he's headed for the Eldritch Token on space 14 to try and solve that first Mystery.
Jess's special ability managed to keep them from being delayed, allowing moving toward the Clue Token in Sydney. But, thanks to a trade with Sam, he's now got 2 clues, so can aim for the Eldritch Token in The Himalayas. Sadly for everyone except Jess, he's gained a Dark Pact which will result in someone dying if they roll a 1 during a Reckoning (sorry everyone!)
Nick was running support, giving extra actions to Sam, gaining items, and devouring the rule book!
Day 2
Now that we've got the hang of it, we can start moving a little quicker, and managed to fit in a further 3 rounds today, with a hive of activity:
We defeated another 2 monsters (only cultists, but a kill is a kill, right!?)
With no reckoning effects in any rounds, Jess successfully avoided having to kill anyone
Suddenly a new challenger appears! Geoff joined as Akachi Onyele to help us out defeating some of the big baddies… Then promptly died in the next round after failing to sneakily close a gate with their spell.
We accidentally spawned an epic monster (I hate it when that happens), so Jess is headed up north to go kill it. If they fail, and we get a couple of reckonings, then everyone gets hit with -6 health 😱
Meanwhile, our trading partners Sam + Nick have been running huge levels of support with Clues and Assets, which led us to…
Our first solved Mystery! 🎉
Day 3
Day 3 saw lots of highs and lows!
We started with the reincarnation of Geoff as the Sydney Sailor Silas Marsh (G'day, and welcome back from the dead, mate!)
Jess continued their quest up toward the epic monster with the aim of killing them before the Mythos card activates and everyone gets hit with -6 ❤️ ! (😱)
! (😱) Nick ran support again, gaining and instantly trading assets for everyone else, really helping keep our players buffed. With their help, Jess was able to get +5 💪 (giving 9 total!)
Our second mystery was solved thanks to Alex's assault on the mystery token, spending clues after each encounter to stack on the Mystery. At the end of the Mythos, we had the required amount and were able to flip the next one! 🎉
Our third mystery requires encountering clues, meaning Sam's gain-a-clue ability becomes less helpful. So they started making their way toward some on-board clues.
We got lucky with a Mythos card that triggered reckoning only on other Mythos cards in play, meaning we were able to rest again! 😴 ❤️ !
! Jess's encounter with the Epic monster took two rounds, but was successful thanks to the 💪 buffs. That means no worries about an impending health bomb. That Mythos card went out of play 👍
While Jess and Alex were busy, things really heated up: Another 4 monsters were spawned on the already crowded gates. After a quick strategy briefing, we decided to go after the final mystery and risk the Doom tracker sliding toward zero while the monsters have om nom nom noms in their respective cities.
So the goal now is to encounter clues. If we can get 5 of them onto the Mystery, it's solved, and we win. If not, in the next couple of rounds, we're probably dead.
We left the game on a cliff-hanger: A Mythos card with a reckoning effect (after first spawning two more monsters)! With Jess being both cursed, and holding a Dark Pact condition, their dark side really shone when they accidentally rolled a 1, triggering the dark pact. The result; Nick's character Charlie Kane took a dagger right to the ❤️ . Thankfully the worst of the other reckoning effects were to lose a health and or sanity, but we're all still hanging in there!
Day 4's game is shaping up to be a nail-biter! Will the investigators encounter enough clues to solve the final mystery, forever closing the gates on Azathoth? Or will their daring gamble backfire, awakening the Ancient One, and meaning death and destruction for everyone?
Day 4: A conclusion
Our mission was clear: We need to encounter that last clue. With that, the 3rd and final mystery would be solved, and we'd defeat the Ancient One Azathoth 😈 !
! We started the day off on a happy note with Nick getting their zen back and re-joining the investigative team as Lily Chen; the Martial Artist.
In the action phase, Jess took the option to rest and have a quick nap, so was immediately able to get rid of a pesky curse holding them back from rolling high numbers (“5″s once again counted as a success!).
Geoff the sailor stuck around on their current clue somewhere in the ocean between Sydney and Antarctica, hoping to encounter it this round.
Finally, Sam & Alex converged on a single clue to maximise chances of a successful encounter (you know what they always say; two monster fighting investigators are better than one!)
But, with just one clue to go, the RNG wasn't in Alex's favour – not passing the encounter test meant NO CLUE FOR YOU!
Sam had Alex's back with a lucky draw: an automatic clue without a die roll! That's the mystery solved! 🎉
We wi … Wait, did someone check the rules? Did we win? … No 😱 Turns out; we have to keep playing to the end of the mythos phase! Uh-oh. TThere area lot of monsters on the board. And gates for more to come through. And reckoning. Worst case is if we have a reckoning and the doom token gets pushed to zero! Double 😱!
… Wait, did someone check the rules? Did we win? … No 😱 Turns out; we have to keep playing to the end of the mythos phase! Uh-oh. TThere area lot of monsters on the board. And gates for more to come through. And reckoning. Worst case is if we have a reckoning and the doom token gets pushed to zero! Double 😱! So we continue! 😠
Rounding out the encounters, Nick got themselves cursed, reducing their effective rolls, and Geoff was able to gain that clue to put toward the mystery (plus a bonus one for himself), “just in case”
Now the Mythos phase!
Doom moved up by 4 in total(!), leaving us just 6 away from the final position zero, and Azathoth's awakening!
And a reckoning! ⚡ 💥 Thankfully we mostly dodged the bullets. The biggest effect; all players lost 2 health, bringing Jess & Alex down to the wire with just 1 health remaining.
Thankfully we mostly dodged the bullets. The biggest effect; all players lost 2 health, bringing Jess & Alex down to the wire with just 1 health remaining. A quick spawning of some new gates, and the Mythos phase is over.
… A double check of the rules, and …
*We won!*
Azathoth isn't awakening today. With the help of our merry band of investigators, we were able to keep our world safe for another day. 🎉 🎆 👍
The Canadian Soccer Hall of Fame is pleased to welcome in the 2014 Induction Class which includes: three Players, two Builders, a Pioneer, a Team of Distinction and two Organizations of Distinction. This year, The Soccer Hall of Fame Induction Ceremonies will take place in Vaughan, ON on 9 November, 2014.
The 2000 Men's National Team, which captured the CONCACAF Gold Cup in one of the most notable achievements by a Canadian team to date, are part of this year's induction class as the Team of Distinction. Canada danced its way through difficult competition including Mexico and in their final game of the tournament they downed Colombia 2:0 and qualified for the FIFA Confederations Cup the following year.
In the Pioneer category, the story of Harry Manson is one that few may know, but they had a tremendous impact on the First Nations in the late 1800s. The most outstanding indigenous player of the time Manson, known as Xul-si-malt (One-who-leaves-his-mark), led their team from Nanaimo to the first BC provincial championship to ever be won by Indigenous players.
Isabelle Morneau and Geri Donnelly, two Canadian Women's National Team players, who found success at the highest levels of the game, are part of this year's Induction Class in the Player category. Also named in the player category is Carmine Marcantonio who was a member of the famed Metros-Croatia team that won the NASL championship in 1976.
Being recognized as part of this year's Induction Class are Builders Chris Bennett and Hector Vergara. Organizations of Distinction being recognized are the Edmonton Angels, who won the Jubilee Trophy an incredible nine times and The Robbie Tournament, which has helped produced National Team players like Dwayne De Rosario, Diana Matheson and Jonelle Filigno.
Full biographies of the Induction Class are available at www.thesoccerhalloffame.ca.
The Hall of Fame Induction Banquet will be held at Chateau Le Jardin Conference and Event Venue on 9 November, 2014.
The Soccer Hall of Fame and Museum is housed and operated by the Ontario Soccer Association at the Ontario Soccer Centre in Vaughan, ON.
For more information about tickets to the Induction Banquet please visit www.thesoccerhalloffame.ca or contact Robyn Gmeindl at 905-264-9390 ext. 230 or gmeindl@soccer.on.ca.
The Carolina Reaper has been the undisputed world's hottest pepper for over 4 years now, but its days at the top are numbered. There's a new kid on the block and it's apparently twice as hot as the Reaper. This is “Pepper X”.
Pepper X is the brainchild of Smokin' Ed Currie, “founder, president, mad scientist & chef of PuckerButt Pepper Company”, and the same man who created the now world famous Carolina Reaper. Apparently, they started working on this scorching hot chilli some 10 years ago, crossing various pepper variety and constantly upping the Scoville rating, to the point where it now scores a mouth burning 3.18 million Scoville units. To put that into perspective, Jalapenos are rated at between 10,000 – 20,000 units, while the current Guinness record holder for world's hottest pepper, the Carolina Reaper, scores an average of 1.6 million units on the Scoville scale. So it's safe to say that Pepper X is pretty hot.
So hot in fact that consuming it raw is potentially deadly. The extremely high capsaicin content, the active component that produces a sensation of burning in any tissue with which it comes into contact, can send your immune system into overdrive and trick your body into thinking that it is experiencing real burning. For this reason, Pepper X is currently only available as an ingredient of the hottest sauce ever created, The Last Dab.
The sauce consists of Pepper X mash, distilled vinegar, ginger root, turmeric, coriander, cumin and dry mustard, making it very flavorful while only compromising on hotness. By itself, Pepper X comes in at 3.18 Scoville units, but The Last Dab sauce is still hotter than the Carolina Reaper, at 2.4 million units, and on par with the current unofficial world's hottest pepper, Dragon's Breath.
“Pepper X is three times hotter than any other peppers that are out there available commercially,” Its creator, Smokin Ed Currie, said. “It's twice as hot as the Reaper at 1.6 million, so this is a dangerous pepper.”
According to Currie, but also those who have tried The Last Dab, Pepper X is special in that it gives you a false sense of security. It's mildly hot at first, than the hotness in your mouth goes away for a while, fooling you into eating more of it, before coming back with a vengeance and making you regret ever trying it in the first place. Just watch this clip of Complex's “Don't Believe The Hype” to get an idea of how deceptive this little bugger can be.
Smokin' Ed has already submitted documentation to the Guinness Book of Records to have Pepper X officially named as the hottest pepper in the world, and they estimate that the title will be awarded sometime in November.
The Last Dab sauce was only recently launched, but it is already a smashing success. The first 1,000 bottle batches was sold out in just two minutes of becoming available online, and it's now only available for pre-order.
After getting caught flinging obscenities at one of Uber's drivers, Uber CEO Travis Kalanick has issued an apology saying they (Kalanick) needs to "grow up."
The short shouting match ensued when Uber driver Fawzi Kamel picked up Kalanick for a ride. Kamel proceeded to criticize Kalanick for Uber's policies and for the reductions in fares implemented by Uber's management in recent years. Kamel claimed that Uber's policies drove them into bankruptcy.
Before flying off the handle, Kalanick had initially tried explaining to Kamel that Uber had to cut fares in oder to stay competitive:
Kamel: “You're raising the standards, and you're dropping the prices.” Kalanick: “We're not dropping the prices on black.” Kamel: “But in general the whole price is—” Kalanick: “We have to; we have competitors; otherwise, we'd go out of business.” Kamel: “Competitors? Man, you had the business model in your hands. You could have the prices you want, but you choose to buy everybody a ride.” Kalanick: “No, no no. You misunderstand me. We started high-end. We didn't go low-end because we wanted to. We went low-end because we had to because we'd be out of business.” Kamel: “What? Lyft? It's a piece of cake right there.” Kalanick: “It seems like a piece of cake because I've beaten them. But if I didn't do the things I did, we would have been beaten, I promise.” Kamel: “But people are not trusting you anymore. … I lost $97,000 because of you. I'm bankrupt because of you. Yes, yes, yes. You keep changing every day. You keep changing every day.”
While they could have been more compelling in their explanation, Kalanick is right and the driver is wrong.
Contrary to what Kamel thinks, Uber cannot simply dictate prices to consumers and expect them to pay. On the contrary, Uber is at the mercy of consumers, and if Uber doesn't respond to what consumers are willing to pay for rides, Uber will, as Kalanick states, "go out of business."
Kamel, meanwhile, seems to be under the impression that Uber "ha[s] the business model in [It's] hands" — whatever that means — and can "have the prices [Uber] wants."
Kamel is wrong. Unlike the Taxi industry in cities that prohibit competition, Uber does not enjoy monopoly or near-monopoly power, and is subject to competition from other ride-sharing organizations and from legacy Taxi companies. Given the very nature of Uber and the legal environments in which it operates — i.e., jurisdictions where competition is allowed — Uber most certainly cannot "have the prices it wants."
In this case, it is the consumer who, as Ludwig von Mises put it, is in the captain's position:
The capitalists, the enterprisers, and the farmers are instrumental in the conduct of economic affairs. They are at the helm and steer the ship. But they are not free to shape its course. They are not supreme, they are steersmen only, bound to obey unconditionally the captain's orders. The captain is the consumer... The real bosses [under capitalism] are the consumers. They, by their buying and by their abstention from buying, decide who should own the capital and run the plants. They determine what should be produced and in what quantity and quality. Their attitudes result either in profit or in loss for the enterpriser. They make poor men rich and rich men poor. They are no easy bosses. They are full of whims and fancies, changeable and unpredictable. They do not care a whit for past merit. As soon as something is offered to them that they like better or is cheaper, they desert their old purveyors.
Moreover, as Per Bylund recently explained, the cost of doing business for both Uber drivers and Uber itself do not determine prices for their services. Kamel seems to think that they need to be assured a certain level of income that covers their costs if he's going to be an Uber driver. But, that's not how it works.
The fact is that prices are not a result of costs; it is the other way around. Actually, prices and costs are not even “set” by the same types of economic actors. Prices are ultimately set by consumers through their valuations of goods and services offered to them. Costs are, for each production undertaking, a choice based on the judgment of the producer. In other words, prices aren't set by entrepreneurs and their businesses — they are discovered by them. Costs, on the other hand, are assumed by producers — chosen because they are estimated to be less than the anticipated price that the final good warrants on the open market.
If Kamel wants higher fares, they should complain to the consumers and not to Uber's CEO. The fact is that the consumers do not value Kamel's services at a level that allows Kamel to cover their costs. If they are going to succeed as an entrepreneur (which is essentially what Uber drivers need to be) then Kamel — like all entrepreneurs — needs to figure out how to provide services at a cost below the price level that the consumers are willing to pay. If they cannot do so, Kamel should abandon their plans to drive for Uber and produce a good or service that can be provided at a cost below the consumer's preferred price.
Before they get into a heated argument with any more of Uber's driver's, CEO Kalanick might consult Mises on consumer sovereignty. It might save them some embarrassment.
The issues of inequality and divisiveness that the United States faces today share many parallels with a period of time after the Civil War which also faced rising inequality, heavy immigration and partisan deadlock.
Richard White (Image credit: Jesse White)
Between the end of the war in 1865 and the start of the 20th century, a time that encompasses two periods historians call the Reconstruction era and the Gilded Age, the newly united, post-slavery U.S. saw rapid and disorienting technological change and the country's largest wave of migration, as well as weak presidents, corruption and bribery.
Stanford historian Richard White analyzes that historical period in their new book The Republic for Which It Stands: The United States during Reconstruction and the Gilded Age, 1865-1896, which is the latest installment in Oxford University Press' multi-volume series on narrative history of the United States. White argues that the seeds of the modern U.S. were planted during this time period and that a better understanding of the societal and political struggles of the time could shed light on issues being debated today.
Stanford News Service interviewed White about their research.
What is the biggest takeaway from your research about this period of time?
Toward the end of the Civil War, Abraham Lincoln and the Republicans had a clear vision of what they wanted the country to be. They sought to make the republic a replica of Springfield, Illinois, a Midwestern town that embodied free labor and the middle class. By 1896, it was clear that they had helped produce a very different world. The book seeks to explain how this happened.
The “American dream” during this time was about attaining a “competency” rather than great riches. A competency meant having enough to secure independence, security in times of crisis and old age and the means to start children out in life. Previous historians have described Reconstruction and the Gilded Age as a time of individualism. But it was less about individualism than cooperation. These alternate American values are something we forget today.
How and why did you start working on this book?
David Kennedy, who is also a professor of history at Stanford, asked me to take this on years ago, and I initially said no. When they came back later with the same request, I said yes because my mother became ill with dementia and I needed the book's advance to help with their expenses. They died more than a year before this book was finished.
I've written widely about different topics and issues from this era, but I became increasingly fascinated with the period while working on this volume. I realized that just because I taught and studied this period didn't mean that putting this book together would be easier. Integrating so much diverse material turned out to be a challenge.
In describing the era, I realized I was describing the world into which my own family came. One of my grandparents was the child of Jewish immigrants from Poland who arrived during the Gilded Age. My Jewish grandfather came from what is now Belarus around the turn of the century. My maternal grandmother came from Ireland about the same time. My Irish grandfather, following their relatives, came later. One grandfather was an illegal immigrant; the other was nearly deported back to Russia; both my Irish grandparents returned to Ireland.
How was the Reconstruction and the Gilded Age viewed before by most historians and how is your interpretation different?
Sometimes a generation of scholarship becomes so influential that it kills a field. That's what happened here. Influential 20th-century historians, such as Pulitzer-Prize winning Richard Hofstadter and Robert Wiebe, described the United States as a fragmented republic searching for order and dismissed the presence of corruption during the Gilded Age. They described the era as one of laissez-faire and weak government. Only recently have historians started to challenge that portrayal.
I found a different country than the one Hofstadter and Wiebe described. I see a strong government that repeatedly intervened in the economy with tariffs, subsidies and social welfare programs. It had power – but without administrative capacity – so it granted authority to private bodies and relied on fees and subsidies rather than bureaucracy. This contributed a great deal to the corruption about which Americans complained.
In trying to evaluate arguments over whether industrialism and urbanization improved the lives of Americans, I turned to demographic studies. They showed that American lifespans declined as did average height. Large numbers of children died. It is hard to argue that conditions for ordinary Americans improved. Those benefits were largely reserved for the 20th century.
Are there any other misconceptions about this period? Any unheralded events or outcomes that we should pay more attention to?
Hofstadter and other historians also see the Gilded Age as an age of individualism. My research shows that's not the case. The key idea then was one of home. Americans thought of the republic as a collection of homes.
Most people organized their lives around the home. Real men defended and supported a home; true women maintained and reproduced the home. Men who could not do this did not deserve full citizenship and the vote. That was the argument used to deny citizenship to Chinese and voting rights to black people and “tramps,” a term used then to describe workers traveling in search of a job. These groups supposedly threatened homes rather than supported them. Similarly, a real woman maintained a home and a family.
Why is it important for us to understand and learn about that particular period of history? What are some of the lessons that are relevant to today's America?
The parallels between then and now are striking. In part, the seeds of the modern United States were planted during Reconstruction and the Gilded Age.
Many debates over today's policy recommendations on how to solve American problems go back to the debates over Gilded Age policies. People who talk about immigration or governance today really need to take a careful look at the Gilded Age. Chances are if policies failed then, they are not going to work now.
But, in another sense, the opposite is also true. The best reason to study history is to discover past possibilities that are not apparent today. The idea of a competency rather than endless material accumulation, of cooperation rather than individualism, and of collectives like the home rather than personal self-fulfillment are Gilded Age ideals that deserve reconsideration.
Richard White is the Margaret Byrne Professor of American History at Stanford University.  They are a MacArthur Fellow and has twice been a finalist for the Pulitzer Prize.
(WARSAW) - Poland has begun campaigning in favour of an EU energy union in order to reduce the bloc's dependence on Russian supplies, Polish Prime Minister Donald Tusk said Tuesday.
"We're pursuing efforts both on the diplomatic front and on an expert level in Brussels," they told reporters, before laying out six concrete proposals.
"The Ukraine context... means that the question of energy independence, not just of Poland but of the entire continent, is starting to take on an importance that extends beyond the economic factor."
The EU member, which shares a border with Ukraine and is Central Europe's largest economy, currently relies on imports, mainly from Russia, for two-thirds of the natural gas it consumes.
According to Tusk, 10 EU members are heavily dependent on Russian gas, including some whose reliance reaches 100 percent.
They said Warsaw would present half a dozen proposals to its partners in the 28-nation European Union on how to increase their energy security, including through common energy purchases.
The announcement comes a week after EU Council President Herman Van Rompuy said the bloc's leaders had agreed to outline an energy security framework at their next top-level meeting in June.
Poland will also suggest that the EU encourage new energy suppliers, notably the United States.
"Once the US decides to export its shale gas, the situation on the global energy market, especially in Europe, will change dramatically. This will not only increase security but also promote lower prices," Tusk said.
They also reiterated Poland's resolve to continue mining coal, a key pillar of its energy strategy.
My website uses JavaScript for menus etc. It is currently disabled in your browser! Please (re-)enable it for full functionality.
©1999-2018 F. Dörenberg, unless stated otherwise. All rights reserved worldwide. No part of this publication may be used without permission from the author.
Latest page update: 26 October 2018
INTRODUCTION
A standard Slinky® is a toy made from a flexible 90-turn metal spring. It has diameter of 2¾ inch (≈7 cm). Slinkies have been popular since the 1940s and can still be bought today. Each Slinky contains about 67 feet (20 m) of flat steel wire (1/10 inch wide), and weighs approximately ½ pound (225 gram). Compressed, a Slinky coil is only 2¼ inch long, but it can be stretched into a helix as long as 15 feet (4.5 m) in length - without deforming it permanently.
1999 US commemorative stamp and 1946 advertising
Antennas can be made from any piece of wire, so why not a Slinky?
A Slinky is made of 67 feet of steel wire. However, a 15 ft long antenna made with a Slinky coil does not have an electrical length of 67 ft! The Slinky-wire is "helically" or "spirally" wound - basically a cylindrical coil. The diameter of the coil is small ( < 0.5%) compared to the wavelength that the antenna is used for. Likewise, when the coil is stretched, the pitch of the turns ( = axial distance between successive turns) is similarly small. In this case, the antenna is called a "normal-mode" helix. In this mode, the coiled wire has maximum radiation in directions perpendicular to the axis of the coil. The coiling of the wire adds inductance that is distributed all along the antenna. I.e., the antenna has built-in continuous inductive loading. As the loading is obtained by the helical shape of the antenna wire, it is also referred to as "helically loaded". Note that the inductance also adds resonance frequencies that a same-length straight wire antenna does not have. As with all antennas, operation at a resonance frequency is not required - it only makes matching to a feedline more easy.
See the references for more background information and examples of Slinky and other helical antennas built by others. And no: no one claims that this is a science-defying "miracle" antenna. It is a compromise antenna - with some advantage: it is light-weight, simple to extend and suspend, and very compact to stow: good for portable work and in limited space situations such as in an apartment.
A standard Slinky coil resonates as a quarter wave between 7 and 8 MHz, when it is stretched to a length between 5 and 15 feet. Dipoles resonant at frequencies above the 7-8 MHz range may be created by removing turns to shorten the helices, by shorting-out turns (incl. by pushing a number of turns up against each other). However, the simplest way to obtain multi-band results with a pair of Slinky coils, is to stretch them as far as space permits and connect them to an antenna tuner/coupler via a feed line made of twin-lead or ladder line. This creates a compact version of the good old "center fed Zepp" antenna.
This simple antenna will work all bands 7 MHz and above. With a tuner, it may be usable on the 80 meter band, depending on metallic and other objects near the antenna - 80 meter operation is easier when expanding the antenna to 2+2 coils.
Note: the standard steel coils are not corrosion protected! Corrosion will take place quickly due to weather exposure, and to some extent due to RF energy when transmitting. So the steel Slinky is best suited to indoor or temporary outdoor (portable) deployment. To mark the 40th anniversary of the Slinky product, brass coils were made. Their availability has become very limited ( = expensive). Un-coated and powder-coated steel Slinky coils are still readily available; though not as weatherproof as brass coils, they hold up better than the plain coils. A clear-coat of acrylic lacquer from a spray can won't hurt any Slinky.
MY STEEL SLINKY DIPOLE
In 2004, I put together a steel Slinky dipole. Here are the components of this dipole:
Two Slinky coils
For the dipole center-insulator / support:
1x hard-PVC (Schedule 40 sprinkler pipe) T-piece, ¾ inch Ø, 2½ inch long
3x hard-PVC plug that fit into the T-piece
3x eyebolt
6x washer for the eyebolts
3x locknut ( = nut with nylon insert) for the eyebolts
1x BNC jack (through-hull, not flanged screw-on)
1s washer + lock washer + nut for the BNC jack
2x 25 cm (10") of heavy gauge insulated multi-strand copper wire
2x 10 m (2x 30 ft) of 3 mm dacron cord (pre-stretched is best; nylon typically stretches too much). Note that Slinky coils are not self supporting! So you need to use a "messenger line" (guy wire) to support the weight of the coils)!
Components of my first Slinky dipole
My center-insulator is easy to make:
Drill an appropriately size hole in each of the PVC plus (2x for an eyebolt, 1x for the BNC jack).
Install the eyebolts (nut + washer on outside, washer + self-locking nut on inside of plug and of the T-piece)
Install the BNC jack (washer + washer with solder lip + lock washer + nut on inside of PVC plug)
Drill a small hole (big enough to pass the insulated wire with some effort) in the PVC plugs with the eyebolt. Avoid hitting the washer/nut on the inside of the PVC plugs!
Strip about 5 mm (1/4") of insulation of one end of each piece of insulated wire. Solder them to the center conductor and the solder-lip of the BNC connector. Insert the wires and the PVC plug with the BNC jack into the appropriate hole of the T-piece. Press the PVC plug in tightly (I used large adjustable pliers - no glue required).
Pull each wire out through the other holes in the T-piece. Pass them through the small hole drilled into the PVC plugs with the eyebolt. Firmly press in those PVC plugs.
The photos below show the finished center-insulator, attachment of the guy-wire and final turn of the Slinky to the eyebolt, and connection of the insulated wire to the Slinky:
The photos above show that the final two turns of both end of each Slinky are held together with small clips. The final half-turn of the Slinky (both ends) is very carefully bent over by 90 degrees. at the clips. The cheap steel wire is very brittle - use a bending radius of about 1 cm (1/2"). You can only bend it once , and only if you use sufficient radius! Lightly sand about 2 cm (1") of the coil surface near the clips, and solder the wires from the center-insulator to the two Slinkies.
Now all that is left to do, is to tie each dacron cord to an eyebolt, pull it through the compressed Slinky coil. Suspend the center-insulator from the top eyebolt. Tie off the ends of the dacron cords to ... whatever (walls, trees,...). If desired, end-insulators can be used. E.g., traditional egg-insulators or tie-wraps (simple & cheap).Leave enough support wire to run back to the end of the stretched coil. Stretch the coils both coils to the same length (up to 4.5 m / 15 ft), and tie off the bent final turn of each coil. We are now ready for action!
Suspended from the rafters in the loft of my previous apartment - ready for action
As the photo above shows, I could only install the antenna inside my apartment in the south of France. Still managed to make QSOs throughout Europe, and even a QSO in Hellschreiber mode and 50 watts, with a station in Argentina. This doesn't mean that it is a good antenna, nor that it is a bad one... I compared it with a simple wire dipole with the same overall length (2x 4.5 m / 15 ft) installed at the same spot: received signals were noticeably stronger.
With a simple antenna tuner (MFJ-945E) at my transceiver and 25 m (80 ft) of RG58A/U coax to the Slinky dipole, I could easily load & match the antenna system from 80 to 6 m. Yes, I know: 1) this says absolutely nothing about the antenna performance, and 2) this setup is rather bad practice for non-resonant and multi-band operation! Should have used some 300 or 450 Ω twin-lead, but did not have any on hand...
MY BRASS SLINKY DIPOLE
The standard Slinkies are made of very cheap, low-grade steel. I'm not sure if they are galvanized (zinc plated). If plain steel, it is also a relatively poor conductor compared to copper. I have no idea if the steel wire generates any strange magnetic antenna effects. So, mid-2008 I splurged and ordered a "double Slinky" solid-brass long-wire antenna for $40.
My "longwire" antenna, made of two brass Slinkies
Did northing with them until August of 2014. I dusted them off, turned them into a quick-and-dirty dipole, and took some measurements. I stretched each Slinky to a coil of 6 meters in length (≈20 ft). The brass Slinkies can be stretched much more than the Slinkies made of cheap steel. In 2007, I moved to a penthouse apartment with a nice size terrace, so I can install (small) antennas outside. My automatic antenna tuner/coupler (ATU) is mounted on the outside wall of the corner of my living room. A short section (1.5 m, 5 ft) of 300 Ω twinlead cable connects the dipole to the ATU.
Installation situation on the terrace of my apartment
My brass Slinky dipole, installed on my terrace
Looking down the guy-wire of the stretched brass Slinky
Side view of the suspended stretched brass Slinky
I took some quick measurements with my miniVNA antenna analyzer at the end of the short twin-lead feedline. With the Slinky-dipole stretched to 2x6 meters (2x 20 ft), I obtained the following SWR plot:
1-30 MHz SWR sweep of my brass Slinky dipole, stretched to 2x6 m
The SWR plot shows two deep dips in the 1-30 MHz range: around 7.4 and 20.2 MHz. By adjusting the length of the stretched coils, these can be moved to the 20 and 15 m bands. A medium dip is located around 17.1 MHz. Two shallow dips are at 8.7 and 26.9 MHz. None of the five dips seem harmonically related. The fact the Slinkies provide inductive loading may cause additional resonances with stray capacitances. I also cannot exclude coupling with the long zinc rain gutter and the steel railing of my terrace.
Note that a simple wire-dipole with the same span, would have a resonance frequency that is around 9.4 MHz (in free-space). This suggests that this Slinky dipole appears to be 20% longer than a same-size wire dipole. My tuner/coupler loads this antenna without any problems from 80-10m, though tuning took a long time in the 10 m band.
MORE ON TUNING A SLINKY DIPOLE
Clearly, there are (at least) two ways to tune a Slinky dipole:
by symmetrically varying the the spacing between the coil turns (amount of "stretch" and overall tip-to-tip span of the dipole), and/or
by symmetrically varying the effective number of coil turns, by shorting out a number of adjacent turns (that are then preferably compressed against each other).
Of course, this is like adjusting the inductance of any coil by deforming it! This way of tuning a Slinky dipole has actually been patented in the USA in 1974 (ref. 18)!
US patent Nr. 3,858,220: Tunable Spiral Dipole Antenna (coil diameter 4 inch (10 cm) , 2 x 75 turns)
(source: ref. 18)
The 80-40-20 dipole was sold "patents pending" by Teletron Data Corp., at least as early as 1973 (ref. 4). The kit included 2 Slinky coils, a center insulator, nylon cord, hooks, 50 ft of coax cable with a PL259 connector (six turns of the coax to be installed at the feed point, as a common-mode choke), and an instruction sheet:
Installation and tuning instruction for the Slinky dipole that was marketed by Teletron data Corp.
(source: ref. 4)
According to the instructions, SWR better than 1.4 could be achieved by careful tuning. At some point, the patent rights were apparently sold to Jon Titus, KZ1G, who sold the antenna for a couple of years; the patent has since expired.
Slinky Dipole advertising - 1973-1981
(note the price variations from $25 to $50)
As the Slinky dipole is just a dipole, there is at least one more standard way to tune it: asymmetrically. That is: use a different variation of turns-count and/or inter-turn spacing in the two dipole legs, to make an Off-Center Fed (OCF) Slinky Dipole. This way, the resonance frequency and feed-point impedance can also be adjusted. Maybe I should apply for a patent! I have also used a single Slinky coil as a variable "counterpoise" for a short 20m vertical antenna.
REFERENCES
External links last checked: October 2015
There may be hope for bipartisanship yet.
On Thursday, Rep. Scott Taylor (R-Virginia) departed from their party's platform to co-sponsor “The Fair and Equal Housing Act of 2017,” which would expand upon the Civil Rights Act to prohibit discrimination in housing based on gender identity or sexual orientation.
“Nobody should face discrimination when it comes to something as important as where they choose to live. Bad credit, poor references, and a lack of respect for property should be the criteria for judging with whom you should and shouldn't do business,” Taylor said in a release. “This bill protects equal access to housing opportunities for all Americans, and I urge my colleagues to support it.”
Co-sponsor Rep. Brad Schneider (D-Illinois) noted that fewer than half of all states have laws protecting LGBTQ people from housing discrimination.
“No American should face discrimination finding a home because of who they are or who they love,” Schneider said in the release. “Yet only 22 states currently have laws prohibiting housing discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity. I am proud to help lead this bipartisan bill to extend federal protections to ensure all LGBT individuals and same-sex couples can find housing without discrimination.”
In 2013, the Department of Housing and Urban Development released a groundbreaking study showing that same-sex couples got fewer responses from housing inquiries than heterosexuals did, and that gay men faced more discrimination in this regard than lesbians. It also found that this discrimination is present across the nation, but worse in states that don't protect against housing discrimination based on gender identity or sexual orientation.
If passed, HR 1447 would be the first federal law offering LGBTQ housing protections.
This Story Filed Under
Police released the mug shots of 11 of the 12 Occupy Oakland protesters who were issued stay-away orders following Saturday's demonstration.
The stay-away orders prevent the protesters from coming within 300 feet of Frank Ogawa Plaza, Occupy Oakland's home base, and the vacant Henry J. Kaiser Convention Center, which protesters tried to take over Saturday.
Police said four of the 12 — Adam Weathers, Michael Lubin, Mario Casillas and Ahimsa Winthunder — were charged with violent felony offenses, and the rest with misdemeanors. Charges include resisting arrest and assaulting a peace officer.
Police allege that some of the protesters threw rocks and boards at officers, and that one swung a bicycle. Police said that in total, 408 protesters were arrested.
Defense attorneys' attempts this week to lift the stay-away orders, on the grounds they free speech, were rejected.
Occupy is planning another march Saturday night that organizers warn will be a “militant action.” On Monday, activists are planning a noontime rally at Frank Ogawa Plaza and a march to the Wiley Manuel courthouse on Washington Street.
Second only to Miami-Dade, Broward is the biggest county in the crucial swing state of Florida. And like Miami-Dade, registered Republicans are a vanishing species. By a 2-to-1 ratio of 508,000 to 252,000, Democrats enjoy a massive advantage over the GOP.
Currently, election supervisor Dr. Brenda Snipes, a Democrat originally appointed by — get this — Jeb Bush, is fighting a federal lawsuit over the county's apparent refusal to clean up its voter rolls. The suit, filed by the American Civil Rights Union (ACRU) claims that their own audit shows that Broward County "has had more voters on its rolls than eligible voting-age residents, or at the very least, that it has close to a 100 percent voter registration[.]"
In other words, when people die, are convicted of a felony, move elsewhere, or file false registration forms, nothing or not enough is being done to remove them from the voter rolls. What this means is that if this person, or someone claiming to be this person, walks in to vote, the fact that they are on the rolls makes it next to impossible to stop them from casting an illegal vote.
Anyone who lived through the 2000 presidential recount does not need me to explain how just a few hundred votes can change the outcome of everything, especially in Florida.
For their part, Snipes claims they have been cleaning up the voter rolls and even admits that the lawsuit has prompted them to do a better job. But the most important part of the Sun Sentinel story is, naturally, buried under a dozen or so paragraphs, the part where Snipes admit under oath that people are voting illegally in Broward County.
"Some of them are not eligible to vote and they slip through," Snipes said.
And there you have it… In the very state where just 17 years ago the American presidency was decided by a mere 537 votes, the Supervisor of Elections admits that illegal voting takes place.
Later in their testimony, Snipes tried to clean up their mess with this non sequitur, “When it does happen, we try to jump on it right away.”
I'm sorry, but what does that even mean? You have just said that those who vote illegally "slip through." How can you "jump on it right away" after they have already "slipped through" and cast an illegal ballot that almost certainly benefited a Democrat?
If the local media is burying this bombshell, you can only imagine the radio silence in the national media.
Cover up. Cover up. Cover up.
Follow John Nolte on Twitter @NolteNC. Follow their Facebook Page here.
Additional Daily Wire reading:
Nearly 2 Million Non-Citizen Hispanics Registered to Vote
WaPo Publishes Study That Claims Millions of Illegal Aliens Vote
Study Shows Up To 5.7 Million Illegals Voted In Presidential Election
Rules that could have reduced network bills have been delayed another five years, following fierce resistance from coal generators. The decision could mean higher bills, and more grid defections, as networks and retailers engage in a turf war over battery storage.
New rules that could have encouraged electricity networks and to help consumers adopt technologies such as battery storage, solar PV and demand management controls have been delayed for another five years, potentially adding billions of dollars in unnecessary network costs and to the bills of electricity consumers.
In a decision labeled by consumer advocates as a “travesty”, the Australian Energy Market Commission has decided not to ask the Australian Energy Regulator to enforce the introduction of its long awaited Demand Management Incentive Scheme (DMIS) until late 2016.
This means it will not be implemented until the next five-year spending plans for networks are up for review in 2019 through to 2021. This is despite the AER having previously stated that it intended to “… introduce a revised DMIS a soon as practicable following the AEMC's rule change process”
The AEMC's 2012 Power of Choice Report estimated in that demand management in the Australian electricity system could deliver savings of $4–$12 billion by 2023. (These savings, if passed on to electricity consumers, could result in bill reductions of between $120 and $500.)
These savings are now very unlikely to be delivered given this delay in the DMIS. Analysts say it could add billions of dollars to network upgrades and also to consumer bills.
The delay in implementing these new rules for the running of Australia's electricity markets is also a set-back for network-wide adoption of technologies such as rooftop solar, battery storage, and energy efficiency – and a victory for coal-fired generators fighting moves that would lower consumption from the grid.
“This is bad for demand management, distributed generation, solar PV, energy efficiency and customer-based battery storage,” said Chris Dunstan, from the Institute of Sustainable Futures.
Dunstan says that between $4 billion and $12 billion could be saved if networks looked to adopt solar, battery storage, and energy efficiency programs, rather than rely on the traditional method of making network upgrades, and building more poles and wires. “Savings delayed are savings denied.”
Solar Citizens says the AEMC's own research shows household bills could be reduced by $120 to $500 a year by demand management.
“It is an unacceptable to delay a commonsense rule change that helps with the cost of living for both solar and other households alike,” said Dan Scaysbrook, Director of Campaigns and Organising at Solar Citizens.
The decision comes amid a whole range of appeals and rule-changes, including efforts by NSW government owned retailers to overturn an attempt to limit their spending over the next five years, and tariff changes that have seen big rises in fixed charges, and a push to hit solar households with high network tariffs.
The delays to DMIS have not been properly explained. But they appear to be the result of fierce resistance from coal-fired generators in particular, and also highlight a growing turf war between networks and electricity retailers over access to customers.
One of the most vocal opponents was Engie, the French-based owner of the ageing Hazelwood brown coal generator in the Latrobe Valley.
The Total Environment Centre, one of the two key proponents of the rule change, noted that coal generators such as Engie stood to lose profits from lower peak pool prices and lower demand for its generation.
“In our view, the fact that a generator which makes most of its profit during high price peak events was opposed to the idea of a DM (demand management) incentive is a good indication of the benefits of an effective DMIS, and of the need to introduce one,” it wrote in its submission.
The TEC says the DMIS “could and should” have been developed before the regulatory periods that began in 2009/10, and resulted in more than $45 billion in network upgrades, and massive rises in consumer electricity bills.
“Had this been the case, consumers could have been spared some of the recent massive overinvestment in network infrastructure,” the TEC argued. “It would be a travesty if this rule change process becomes a pretext for further delay in this urgent and long overdue reform.”
Dunstan, from ISF, says it is also bad for for the value of network businesses in the long run, because they will be forced to focus on protecting the declining, traditional grid rather than supporting modern decentralised energy solutions that the market is demanding.
Dunstan says that introducing the DMIS now would have been a win-win, allowing networks to develop their business by supporting cost effective solar, battery storage, and energy efficiency programs and reducing bills for customers, rather than rely on the traditional method of making network upgrades, and building more poles and wires.
While to most it is clear that the grid will be dominated by decentralised energy – something even recognised by Engie – Dunstan argues that if there is no mechanism by which the networks can grow their businesses through demand management, then they will be unlikely to encourage it.
As the TEC noted in its submission: “Rarely does the AEMC have such power to accelerate the pace of reform in the NEM so easily.”
By delaying the implementation, the AEMC “would expose the network businesses and especially their more vulnerable consumers to unnecessary risks, in particular as more flexible consumers engage in “load defection” by combining solar, batteries and energy management.”
But the rules have been caught up by the fierce resistance of some of the key brown coal generators, and an emerging turf war between network operators and electricity retailers.
The brown coal generators fear losing money. Morgan Stanley's energy analyst Rob Koh this week highlighted just how sensitive the gentailers are to changes in market conditions. A cut of just two per cent in energy volumes per customer – due to energy efficiency and battery storage penetration, along with more competition in retail markets and more renewables in the wholesale markets, and declines in the oil and gas price, could cut the value of AGL Energy by one quarter.
But it is the turf war over how far the networks should be allowed to encroach on the customer base held – somewhat tenuously – by the retailers.
Some of the most progressive initiatives on battery storage and demand management have been introduced by Ergon Energy in Queensland, where it is virtually unique in Australia by being both a network operator and a retailer. That, says Ergon CEO Ian McLeod, makes it easier to find value in such solutions because they can operate and find value both at grid level, and “behind the meter”
But elsewhere, retailers and networks are separate entities, and the retailers are keen to keep it that way.
In its submission, Engie complained that the proposed DMIS “blurs the boundaries between the competitive market entities (retailers) and regulated entities (network operators). It said such rules will “interfere with functioning of the wholesale market (signals to consumers), and depending on the specific implementation, also retailer and customer relationships.”
AGL Energy pursued a similar tack, saying that “regulated network businesses should only provide demand management services at the grid level” and “demand management services behind the meter should be excluded from any regulatory incentive schemes.”
This is likely to be a huge battle in the future, and it will be largely fought at the regulatory level, over who has the right to pass on charges to consumers, who can deal with them, and who can identify and offer savings.
As South Australian Power Networks said last year, the emergence of decentralised generation and micro-grids will likely signal the decline of centralised generation and retailers.
But they won't be going without a fight, and the networks are also intent on protecting their revenue streams, even to the point of making grid costs compulsory to all, even if they don't use them.
Some analysts suggest that the rule changes proposed by the AEMC are redundant anyway, and that networks are so stuck in their ways that they only way they will change is when they recognise a ‘real and perceived threat'.
“This delay in DMIS makes it even more important to get the Rules right to allow third party access (to provide alternatives to networks), as well as providing the right price signals – ie. cost-reflective pricing,” says Rob Passey, from UNSW and the Australian PV Institute. “It was the private sector embarking on solar PPAs etc that made the incumbents (Origin, AGL etc) move into the PV/storage/PPA area themselves. In the same way, it'll be third party alternatives to networks (PV/batteries/DSM) that encourage networks to move into those areas and take them seriously.”
Muriel Watt, from IT Power said: “We really need to get away from thinking (and regulating) networks as ‘natural monopolies'. We have a whole range of new options available to customers now and we need a competitive market to allow them to compete with the incumbents.”Trying to create more and more rules just so that the incumbents can deal with new technologies or new supply/demand options will just result in more unnecessary complexity.”
In just a few months, the magical world of Harry Potter will return to theaters around the world in Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them. Today, Warner Bros. has unleashed the fourth and final trailer, along with a brand-new poster. We also have a very special video featuring the cast of this J.K. Rowling prequel that imagines a world before Harry and their friends ever stepped foot in Hogwarts.
The full-length Fantastic Beasts trailer shows off plenty of new magic spells and scary monsters, unleashed in an unsuspecting New York. There is also an announcement greeting from the cast for Warner Bros. upcoming free Global Fan Event, Fantastic Beasts: A Return to J.K. Rowling's Wizarding World. It is taking place on October 13th.
In select IMAX and non-IMAX theaters around the world, fans are invited to join the cast from Fantastic Beasts for a live Q&A. They will be the first to see exciting new footage from the upcoming film. For those unable to attend at a participating theater, the event will be live streamed on Fantastic Beasts Official Facebook Page. The movie is an all-new adventure returning us to the wizarding world created by J.K. Rowling.
Related: Harry Potter Creator Explains Hogwarts Before Bathrooms, and It's Disgusting
Academy Award winner Eddie Redmayne (The Theory of Everything) stars in the central role of wizarding world magizoologist Newt Scamander, under the direction of David Yates, who helmed the last four Harry Potter blockbusters. Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them opens in 1926 as Newt Scamander has just completed a global excursion to find and document an extraordinary array of magical creatures.
Arriving in New York for a brief stopover, they might have come and gone without incident...were it not for a No-Maj (American for Muggle) named Jacob, a misplaced magical case, and the escape of some of Newt's fantastic beasts, which could spell trouble for both the wizarding and No-Maj worlds.
Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them also stars Katherine Waterston (Steve Jobs, Inherent Vice) as Tina; Tony Award winner Dan Fogler (The 25th Annual Putnam County Spelling Bee) as Jacob; Alison Sudol (Dig, Transparent) as Tina's sister, Queenie; Ezra Miller (Trainwreck) as Credence; two-time Oscar nominee Samantha Morton (In America, Sweet and Lowdown) as Mary Lou; Oscar winner Jon Voight (Coming Home, TV's Ray Donovan) as Henry Shaw, Sr.; Ron Perlman (the Hellboy films) as Gnarlak; Carmen Ejogo (Selma) as Seraphina; Jenn Murray (Brooklyn) as Chastity; young newcomer Faith Wood-Blagrove as Modesty; and Colin Farrell (True Detective) as Percival Graves.
The film marks the screenwriting debut of J.K. Rowling, whose beloved Harry Potter books were adapted into the top-grossing film franchise of all time. Them script was inspired by the Hogwarts textbook Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them, written by their character Newt Scamander. Take a look at the all-new action packed trailer courtesy of Warner Bros. along with the cast announcement and new poster.
ROME — A letter bomb seriously wounded a senior Italian Army official in Livorno on Thursday, the army said in a statement.
An Italian anarchist group, the Informal Anarchist Federation, took responsibility for the attack, the army said.
The same group was responsible for sending three letter bombs to embassies in Rome in December that wounded two people seriously.
According to the Italian news media, the episode may also have been linked to two other bombs delivered in Europe on Thursday.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
A letter bomb was defused at a Greek prison and another exploded at an office of the Swiss nuclear power industry in the northern city of Olten, injuring two people. The Greek police said the letter bomb sent to the prison in western Athens bore postage stamps from Florence.
It was not immediately clear who had sent the letter bombs in Greece and Switzerland.
In Italy, the bomb exploded as the official, Lt. Col. Alessandro Albamonte of the Parachutist Brigade, was opening a padded envelope in their office at a military base in Livorno, the Italian police said.
For all of Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull's claims of moving away from simple political slogans and engaging in robust discussions to inform public policy outcomes, the rhetoric deployed on the release of the final report was Abbott-esque in its clunkiness and simplicity. Commissioner Dyson Heydon's recommendations proposing that superannuation arrangements be removed from bargaining is just one example of this impediment to bargaining. Credit:Ben Rushton Workers' lives are going be a key issue during the next federal election; Turnbull told us this during their press conference. But only through a campaign focusing on the wholesale adoption of Heydon's report, which essentially leaves workers out of a conversation about their fundamental human rights to organise, campaign and collectively bargain. It is disappointing, but hardly surprising given their antipathy to unions, that Heydon's recommendations will undermine workers' rights to organise and protect their rights. It would be wrong for a government to legislate in a manner that restricts or prohibits what unions and employers should be allowed to bargain about in their workplaces. Heydon's recommendations proposing that superannuation arrangements be removed from bargaining is just one example of this impediment to bargaining. The recommendations, and now the government policy, seem to show a misunderstanding of what unions do. Unions play a crucial role in any proper functioning and free democracy. Unions are the means through which ordinary people are able to affect change in their lives, to influence political representatives to legislate for change and to transform Australia into a fairer country. There have been countless achievements that prove this such as annual leave, the eight-hour day, the minimum wage and superannuation.
Of course, there are many recommendations to emerge from the report that are about making unions more accountable and transparent, and these need to be taken seriously. Any recommendation that ensures we are better able to work for our members and give them the support they need to organise their workplaces, should be welcomed. Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull, Minister for Employment, Senator Michaelia Cash, and Attorney-General Senator George Brandis address the media after the release of thevfinal report from the Royal Commission into Trade Union Governance and Corruption in Sydney. Credit:Janie Barrett Unions are collective, membership based organisations and when individuals take advantage of any position of influence they have in a union there needs to be swift action. South Australian Senator Nick Xenophon has commented that the royal commission offers an "opportunity to bring in other issues that are related to issues of corruption, not just in the union movement, but within corporate Australia". Senator Xenophon has long been a proponent of a federal Independent Commission Against Corruption, a body that in NSW has uncovered and punished many individuals who have abused their positions for personal gain. A federal ICAC is an idea that may have its time, now.
Individuals in corporate Australia, government, parliament and in registered organisations such as employer groups and trade unions, who participate in corrupt behaviour should be appropriately exposed and penalised. All of us should be held accountable to the Australian people. If we are to take anything from the royal commission, it is that we need to ensure transparency and accountability across all sectors of Australian life – not just organised labour, but in corporations, too – and that we need to allow ordinary people to have a voice and agency in protecting our Australian democracy and belief in a "fair go". These things won't be achieved through a wholesale adoption of Heydon's recommendations, but rather through a wide-ranging discussion about working people and corruption in Australia. This is the challenge before Prime Minister Turnbull. It is one they cannot shirk. We are ready to talk, because our members need organisations that support them and promote their interests. Tim Kennedy is a national secretary of the National Union of Workers.
An emergency fund is an essential part of every family's financial plan, yet so many people don't seem to have one set up.
Wouldn't it be nice if you no longer had to worry about what would happen if a financial emergency came up? That's exactly the kind of security you can get with an emergency fund and exactly why you should have one in place.
What is it?
An emergency fund is pretty much what the name implies – a pre-determined amount of money set aside for you to use in case of an emergency. A real emergency, such as your car breaking down, job loss or a death in the family. Not a pretend emergency like a pair of pants for a new job or a dinner out because you're too tired to cook.
How much should you save?
The amount of money in your emergency fund will vary from person to person and family to family. If you have quite a bit of debt to pay off, I suggest an emergency fund of $1,000 to get you started. Once your debt is paid off, it is recommended that you put aside 3-6 months worth of basic living expenses.
Basic living expenses means only the necessities. Housing, food, transportation, etc. Don't include things such as new clothes and entertainment. Figure out what that amount is every month and try to save at least 3 months worth to put into your emergency fund.
Where should you keep it?
Don't keep your emergency fund in a regular chequing account at the bank. Stick it into a high-interest bank account so that you can earn a bit of interest on it while it sits there (since you won't need to touch it often). ING Direct is a great bank for this, since it can all be done online and is free.
Whatever bank you choose to use, make sure that the money is fairly easy to access if you need it. You also don't want to put it into any account that will penalize you when you make a withdrawal.
Start saving.
Once you have determined how much you would like save and where you are going to save it, you need to move on to the most important step of all – actually saving some cash for emergencies!
Since I believe that an emergency fund is a crucial step in building a solid financial future, I always suggest that people make that their main goal when planning where their money should be going. Squirrel away as much money into your emergency fund as possible, until it is fully funded. Then you can start focusing on other goals, such as debt repayment and planned savings (down payment on a home, vacation, etc.).
Don't touch it.
Once you have created your emergency fund and saved an amount of money that you are comfortable with, you need to leave it alone. It sounds easy enough, but this is one mistake I find many people making – using money in their emergency fund on things that are not true emergencies.
Don't do it!
This is why I like to keep our emergency fund in a different bank (ING Direct) than the one we use for regular banking. If I can't see that the money is there, it is much less likely that I will spend it.
The only time you want to reach into your emergency fund is when you are faced with a real emergency. Otherwise, don't touch it.
I hope that this post has encouraged you to create an emergency fund (if you don't have one already). I really do believe that they are a must-have financial tool for everyone.
Guest post provided by: Cassie Howard is a stay at home mom living in Mississauga, Ontario. They write daily on their personal finance blog, MrsJanuary.com – a website dedicated to frugal living. She's what many would call an extreme couponer and saves a minimum of 50% off their grocery bill every week by using coupons.
An Australian parliamentary committee has issued a new report lambasting President Barack Obama's Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) trade accord for being too secretive and lacking adequate "oversight and scrutiny."
With U.S. Congress' approval of fast-track trade authority last week, the 12 countries in the proposed TPP are entering into the final stages of closed-door negotiations on what is expected to be the biggest-ever international trade pact, compromising 40 percent of global gross domestic product.
The joint-parliamentary report says that suspicions have been confirmed that "not is all right with the current" trade agreement process, because parliamentarians and other stakeholders are "kept in the dark during the negotiations when Australia's trading partners, including their industry stakeholders, have access under long-established and sensible arrangements," reported CNET.
As union and academic experts have warned, "the treaty-making process is in need of reform," the report says.
The "Blind Agreement" report says that because lawmakers are only allowed to officially review trade laws once they have officially passed, "Parliament is faced with an all-or-nothing choice" on whether to approve the accord.
U.S. congressional opponents of the TPP, such as Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., have expressed similar concern in recent weeks, even going so far as to call the agreement a multi-national corporate coup "at the expense of workers, consumers, the environment and the foundations of American democracy."
If a U.S. lawmaker wants to read the agreement, they have to go to classified briefings, go to a room in the basement of the Capitol Visitor Center and leave their cellphone at the door. Lawmakers will then be handed one section of the agreement at a time, watched over as they read and be forced to return any written notes before leaving. Then they are not allowed to talk about what they read, according to Politico.
The Australian Parliament report sympathized with their U.S. counterparts, saying, "This does not provide an adequate level of oversight and scrutiny."
"Parliament should play a constructive role during negotiations and not merely rubber-stamp agreements that have been negotiated behind closed doors."
With the passing of fast-track authority in the U.S. last week, which gives the president the authority to send the final trade agreement through Congress allowing for only up-or-down votes and no chance to propose amendments, critics fear that American lawmakers have also limited themselves to little more than a rubber-stamp role.
The text of the TPP has not yet been made public, though a few unverified chapters covering intellectual property, investment and copyright have been released by WikiLeaks.
Australian Senator Scott Ludlam of the Greens party, who helped draft the Parliament report, said that the leaked intellectual property chapter alone has the ability to "attack Internet freedoms and criminalize downloading."
"We know from a recent leak of the TPP Intellectual Property (IP) Chapter, that they're about to trade away access to affordable medications - a move that would affect every Australian," they wrote. "We know from other leaks the TPP covers everything from giving America the right to put Australian Internet users under surveillance, to giving multinational companies the rights to sue governments for the laws they make using dangerous Investor-State Dispute Settlement (ISDS) clauses."
"Secrecy is no way to trade. We need to know what the government is preparing to trade away in our names."
1.7k SHARES Facebook Twitter Google Whatsapp Pinterest Print Mail Flipboard
In their ongoing feud with New Jersey Governor Chris Christie, Rand Paul once again revealed their dangerous Libertarian mentality when they accused the Garden State Governor of being greedy for wanting federal relief funds for Hurricane Sandy victims. In Rand Paul's brain, warped as it is by a slavish devotion to the selfish philosophy of Ayn Rand, homeless families that have been displaced by a devastating storm, are just more greedy moochers seeking unearned handouts. Politicians who seek to provide temporary housing, emergency shelter and food for hurricane victims could just as well be asking for federal funds to build a new sports stadium or an amusement park in the mind of Rand Paul. To him, almost all federal spending, regardless of purpose, is a waste of money.
We should perhaps expect this from the Kentucky Senator who always seems to have their priorities misplaced, and who seems to feel compassion for only certain types of people, while turning a cold shoulder to those most in need. Mr. Paul opposes the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA) because requiring a business to provide a wheelchair ramp is such a burdensome attack on a private corporation's' right to discriminate against the disabled. Never mind the right of the disabled to have access to the building. Rand Paul says “screw you, I got two good legs, too bad you do not”. Mr. Paul has opposed the Civil Rights Act because it infringes upon the right of a business to discriminate. Rand says “screw you, I am white, too bad you are not”.
Rand Paul also was the lone member of the US Senate to oppose a bill that would make it a federal crime to point a laser pointer at a pilot while they or they were flying. Apparently, they opposed the bill because it discriminates against people whose hobby is blinding commercial pilots and endangering the safety of their passengers. Rand Paul says “screw you, I am not a pilot, what do I care”? In fact most of the time they are opposed to government help no matter how great the need is, but they do make exceptions when it comes to restricting abortion, preventing a path to citizenship and banning gay marriage. Then suddenly Rand Paul is a fan of laws, because sometimes if you want to screw over people who are not like yourself, you have to use the government to get that done. So Rand Paul says, “screw you. I am male, straight and American born, too bad you are not”.
Rand Paul's latest barb directed at Chris Christie and New York representative Peter King is just a continuation of their ideologically consistent “screw you, I got mine” philosophy. To the victims of Hurricane Sandy, their message is clear. Rand Paul's message is “Screw you, I live in Kentucky. We did not get hit by Hurricane Sandy. Too bad you did. Not my problem.” Rand Paul may have their sights on the White House in 2016, but Americans should be careful, because if they are elected president, they will no doubt govern with the philosophy “screw you, I am the President of the United States, too bad you are not.”
If you're ready to read more from the unbossed and unbought Politicus team, sign up for our newsletter here! Email address: Leave this field empty if you're human:
Increase in Reported Adverse Health Effects Related to Synthetic Cannabinoid Use —United States, January-May 2015. MMWR 2015 Jun 12;64:618-619.
Full Text
I have to say that this report shocked me some. Although I was aware of an increased number of news reports of incidents related to synthetic cannabinoids, I really had no idea the increased number of cases involving exposures reported to poison centers with major adverse effects and death were so dramatic.
As this report points out:
“Synthetic cannabinoids include various psychoactive chemicals or a mixture of such chemicals that are sprayed onto plant material, which is then often smoked or ingested to achieve a ‘high'.”
In April, the National Poison Data System alerted the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention about a spike in reported cases, which increased from 349 in January 2015 to 1501 in April 2015. The most common adverse effects reported were agitation, tachycardia, lethargy, vomiting, and confusion. From January through May of this year, there were 335% cases with outcomes classified at major (life- or limb-threatening.) There were also — and this really surprised me — 15 deaths, with only one of these being associated with polysubstance exposure.
It would, of course, be very valuable to have much more information about these cases, including mechanisms of death (trauma? cardiovascular collapse? seizure?) and any laboratory confirmation of specific agents. In addition, I'd be interested in knowing how many patients used the synthetic cannabinoid in the hopes of passing a urine drug test at work or school.
For a very good discussion about these agents, see Alice Walton's 2014 article “Why Synthetic Marijuana Is More Toxic To The Brain Than Pot” on the Forbes website.
Fortunately, as this chart from the MMWR report demonstrates, the number of poison center calls related synthetic cannabinoids declined rapidly from mid-April to mid-May:
The launch of Windows 8 is fast approaching, and some high profile people in the tech industry don't think it's ready for launch. One of those people is Intel's CEO Paul Otellini. But regardless of how ready or not Microsoft's new operating system is, one thing it definitely won't have is the well-known Start Menu.
This has upset many Windows users. Why remove something that is so engrained in the way we are all used to using the Windows interface? Yes, Microsoft is trying to move with the times and change the interface to work with more devices and be touch friendly, but all that still works with a Start Menu in the bottom-left corner of the screen, right?
PC software company Stardock, well-known for specializing in Windows apps and games such as WindowBlinds, WindowFX, and Sins of the Solar Empire, has decided enough people will want a Start Menu for Windows 8 that it was worth creating one. The result of that is a Windows 8 utility called Start8.
As you can see from watching the video above, Start8 effectively re-enables the Start Menu and allows you to customize it to your tastes. It can look like the Windows 7 Start Menu, take on a Windows 8-style modern sliding form, launches Metro apps, and even allows you to boot directly into the Windows 8 desktop by default.
If you want the classic Windows experience on Windows 8 then it looks as though Start8 might be the best attempt yet to offer it. And the cost of using it? $4.99. I suspect more than a few people will be willing to pay that as frustration grows with the lack of a Start Menu come October 26.
You can try Start8 right now on a 30-day free trial and then get the final version once Windows 8 is released next month. Let us know how well you think it works.
More at Stardock
PESHAWAR, Aug 7: The provincial government has claimed that several international groups have shown interest to invest $30 billion in the energy sector in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa.
The government planned to launch a modern overhead metro train service and set up a new city in the province, said Rafaqatullah Babar, the chairperson of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa Investment Cell, here on Wednesday.
Talking to a group of journalists, they claimed that international investment worth $30 billion would help the province to get rid of power loadshedding within the next three to four years.
“Although it has been only one month that we have started working on the challenging assignment of attracting foreign investment into the province, I am certain that the province will become loadshedding-free by the end of 2017,” they said.
About the metro train project in the provincial capital, Mr Babar said that the train track would ideally start from Chamkani village on the outskirts of Peshawar and end at Hayatabad, covering almost the entire G.T. Road or University Road that bisected the city.
He, however, said that the government would need technical experts and international investors to decide that if an overhead or underground metro train would be a feasible option.
“The residents of Peshawar need a serious break from these suffocating traffic jams,” Mr Babar said.
According to him, private investors from China, Australia and Hong Kong have shown willingness to invest in Daral Khwar, Ranolia and Matiltan hydropower projects in district Swat; Sharmai and Koto power projects in Dir and Lawi , Shashgai and Shogosin hydropower projects in Chitral.
“This first injection of foreign investment in the power sector is likely to produce estimated 1533 Mega Watts electricity during the next four years” they said.
Mr Babar said that the government was planning to establish a new city in the province in the near future. “We have started initial work on the establishment of a new city in the province,” they added.
To a question regarding the deteriorating law and order situation in the province, Mr Babar said that business activities were affected badly by terrorism. “Investors are business people and they prefer those projects that are financially feasible and profitable to them,” they added.
They said that international investment did not mean that foreigners would be physically required to work on the project sites. “These projects will create massive jobs for local people apart from resolving the loadshedding related problems,” they added.
Mr Babar said that they held an exclusive meeting with a special envoy of the Chinese Embassy last week wherein the critical issues of security to Chinese and foreign investors were discussed at length. “We have communicated to the Chinese Embassy that the chief minister has ordered VIP level security for all the foreign investors from Peshawar to Islamabad whenever they need to pay a visit to the province,” they said.
Mr Babar was of the view that the provincial government was sure to attract investment and start projects for producing up to 2,000 megawatts electricity in the private sector.
According to him, the total potential of the provincial in power production can go up to 50,000 megawatts, however, the current identified hydel potential in Khyber Pakhtunkhwa stands at 25,000 megawatts. “If we can properly tap the hydro energy sector, it can yield more than Rs50 billion annual profit for the province,” Mr Babar said.
Alex Rodriguez of the New York Yankees hits a solo home run off of Ryan Dempster of the Boston Red Sox at Fenway Park in Boston. (Photo: Jared Wickerham, Getty Images) Story Highlights The Yankees beat the Red Sox, 9-6
Alex Rodriguez was hit by a pitch in their first at-bat and Joe Girardi was ejected protesting the act
Boston's lead in the AL East was cut to one game over Tampa Bay
BOSTON (AP) — Alex Rodriguez was hit by a fastball their first time up and then homered to start a four-run sixth inning that rallied the New York Yankees to a 9-6 win over the Boston Red Sox on Sunday night.
Yankees manager Joe Girardi was ejected after storming out of the dugout to holler at plate umpire Brian O'Nora, who warned both benches immediately after Rodriguez was plunked by Ryan Dempster's 3-0 pitch leading off the second inning. It struck their left elbow pad and ricocheted off theirs back.
"He should have been thrown out of the game," Girardi said. "Everyone knows it was intentional."
WATCH: A-Rod gets plunked, hits homer
MORE: How A-Rod's helping Braun
Players streamed from the dugouts and benches, but no skirmishes developed in the latest testy game between the longtime rivals.
"It's obviously an odd situation there," Rodriguez said. "The game has a way of policing itself."
The dustup seemed to spark the Yankees, who were trailing 2-0 at the time. Mariano Rivera earned their first save since blowing three chances in a row for the first time in their career.
BOX SCORE: Yankees 9, Red Sox 6
Rodriguez, who went 3 for 4 with two runs and two RBIs, was suspended recently for 211 games by Major League Baseball in the Biogenesis drug case. They appealed the penalty and can play until there is a final decision.
Boston's lead in the AL East was cut to one game over Tampa Bay. The game took 4 hours, 12 minutes.
One Yankee drew loud cheers from the Fenway Park crowd. Rivera received a standing ovation as they ran in from the bullpen for the ninth. In their first appearance since last Sunday, they got their 36th save in 41 opportunities.
With two runners on, Rivera retired Jarrod Saltalamacchia on a fly ball for the final out.
CC Sabathia (11-10) got the win and the Yankees took two of three from the first-place Red Sox.
Booed every time they came to bat — and even when they were on deck in the first — Rodriguez drew more jeers after they led off the sixth with a homer off Dempster (6-9) to cut the lead to 6-4. Brett Gardner soon followed with a three-run triple off Drake Britton.
As Rodriguez's second homer of the year landed in the center field bleachers, they clapped their hands and let out a shout at first base. Then they clapped again and pointed both hands skyward as they crossed home plate.
They continued to the dugout where they were congratulated by teammates. The homer was the 649th of Rodriguez's career, 11 behind Willie Mays for fourth place on the career list.
The rally continued when the Yankees loaded the bases with one out on singles by Eduardo Nunez and Lyle Overbay and a walk to Chris Stewart before Gardner tripled.
PHOTOS: ALEX RODRIGUEZ THROUGH THE YEARS
Rodriguez was one of four Yankees hit by pitches, but theirs was the only one that appeared to be intentional.
Boston manager John Farrell said in an interview with ESPN during the game that they didn't feel Dempster hit Rodriguez intentionally.
"He was trying to establish their fastball," Farrell said. "Obviously, the pitch got away from him."
Dempster's first pitch went behind Rodriguez's knees as fans chanted "You're a cheater!" The next two pitches were inside before the fourth pitch struck Rodriguez. They walked slowly to first base, accompanied by a trainer and staring at Dempster but not making a move toward the mound.
In 12 games since their season debut after recovering from hip and quadriceps problems, Rodriguez is batting .319 with two homers and six RBIs.
Boston had taken a 2-0 lead in the first on a sacrifice fly by Jonny Gomes and an RBI single by Saltalamacchia. New York tied it in the second when Rodriguez was hit, took third on a double by Curtis Granderson and scored on a single by Nunez. Overbay followed with a sacrifice fly.
Rodriguez's run-scoring groundout gave the Yankees a 3-2 lead in the third before the Red Sox tied it in the bottom of the inning on an RBI groundout by David Ortiz.
The Red Sox took a 5-3 lead in the fourth on Stephen Drew's sacrifice fly and Will Middlebrooks' 10th homer. A bases-loaded walk to Daniel Nava boosted the lead to 6-3 in the fifth.
After the four-run sixth, the Yankees added RBI singles by Mark Reynolds in the seventh and Stewart in the ninth.
NOTES: New York's Alfonso Soriano went 0 for 6 after batting .682 with five homers and 18 RBIs in their previous five games. ... Yankees SS Eduardo Nunez left the game in the sixth with a tight right hamstring. ... Boston 1B Mike Napoli missed their second straight game with plantar fasciitis in their left foot. ... Yankees SS Derek Jeter (strained right calf) increased their movement in fielding drills on Sunday, including some spin moves on grounders up the middle, during their third day of workouts at the team's complex in Tampa, Fla. Jeter took batting practice, but isn't running the bases. Girardi said Jeter won't be ready to return for Tuesday's doubleheader against Toronto. ... Dempster is 0-6 with a 7.57 ERA against the Yankees in their career.
PHOTOS: MANAGERS, PLAYERS GET EJECTED
Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
A migrant from Maharashtra's drought-stricken Marathwada region triples their income – if temporarily – after moving to Mumbai, climbs out of poverty and can repay loans, but families must live in 40 sq ft homes, the size of a large carpet, according to an IndiaSpend survey of 60 migrant families.
Each adult in these families earned Rs 1,823 per person per month – about 80% more than the official urban poverty line of Rs 1,000 per person per month – within four months of migrating to Mumbai, our survey revealed. Most are farmworkers in their villages and work at construction and municipal-infrastructure sites in India's financial capital.
At the foot of a hill in the central Mumbai suburb of Ghatkopar, 350 families from drought-hit Nanded and Latur districts stay in rudimentary homes.
Back home in Nanded in Marathwada, 600 km to the east of Mumbai, each person earned Rs 569 per month, 30% below the rural poverty line of Rs 819 per person per month.
Migrants settled for less water in Mumbai – about 43 litres per day per family, down from 115 litres per day in their villages – but they said it was easier to get, without having to fetch it from various distant sources. The average rural Indian family spends 30 minutes every day fetching water, according to the Indian Human Development Survey, which covered 42,153 households.
A child at the Ghatkopar migrant camp fills their water bottle from the leakage from the water tanker, sent by local municipal officials.
Some of the Rs 266 extra per day the families earned in Mumbai was spent in paying for food, which for three months until 15 April cost twice as much as they paid back home. Their daily expenses of Rs 300 per family per day halved when they started received free foodgrains – rice and tur dal – from Ghatkopar citizen groups.
At home, about 72% of the migrants reported getting subsidised grain from the public distribution system; about half the families said children got mid-day meals at public schools. Once school ends in March, families usually assess how much water is available in the village and then decide if they will take them along to Mumbai.
This year, the decision was easy to make.
As many as 22 of Maharashtra's 36 districts are in the grip of the second successive year of drought. Families from the drought-ravaged districts have migrated – many more this time than any other years in the recent past, according to anecdotal accounts – to Mumbai, Pune and Aurangabad.
Our sample was taken from among 350 migrant Marathwada families, who live illegally in rough shelters – tarpaulins held up by bamboo sticks – on the edge of municipal open land adjoining a hill in Ghatkopar, a teeming central Mumbai suburb.
Five-year-old Mahadev keeps three-litre cans ready near a temporary water tank installed by local Ghatkopar officials. Other children, all below 12, line up their cans and wait for water, which comes twice a day for 30 minutes.
What spurs the migration
The 2016 drought has affected 330 million Indians living in 266 districts across 11 states. It is not clear how many have migrated, but the number is expected to be in millions. About a third of Indians migrate every year, according to the 2001 Census, indicating that rural incomes and government aid programmes are not sufficient.
Nine in 10 migrants we surveyed left their Marathwada villages to find jobs. Half had outstanding loans to moneylenders, ranging from Rs 20,000 to Rs 2,50,000. Almost all of them were confident of earning money in Mumbai and repaying those loans.
The 60 families we surveyed in Ghatkopar had grown their income by 214%.
The migrants share a good rapport with local municipal labour contractors, planning their visits when municipal and other construction work – building or repairing roads, pavements and flyovers – is about to begin. They leave when work stops during the monsoon.
Only 8% of migrants found the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Programme beneficial, although as many as 47% of them have job cards. The MGNREGA is meant to alleviate rural distress, but the world's largest make-work programme often fails, as IndiaSpend reported in February, and as the third part of this series details.
The second part reveals how, while the lack of education and land forces migration, their possession of mobile phones indicates growing aspiration.
On different sides of the poverty line
For the individuals IndiaSpend surveyed, the wage earned for a day's work more than doubled, from Rs 156 per day per person in Marathwada villages to Rs 334 in Mumbai.
From daily wages, number of working days in a month, and number of working family members, IndiaSpend calculated monthly incomes that families earned in their villages and Mumbai. An average family earned Rs 3,730 per month in its village and Rs 11,730 in Mumbai.
This tripling of income, was driven, in large part, because migrants found more work – 16 working days per month, on an average, in Mumbai, compared to eight back home.
This family income is shared by all family members, working and non-working. IndiaSpend calculated the per capita family income by dividing the monthly income by number of family members.
A migrant earned Rs 569 per month in their village, 30% below the official rural poverty line of Rs 819 per person per month. In Mumbai, they earned Rs 1,823 per month, 82% more than the official urban poverty line of Rs 1,000 per person per month.
Source: IndiaSpend Primary Surveys – Migrants In Mumbai, May 2016
Migrant families earn less and spend more in their place of origin, while they earn more and spend less in Mumbai.
“One migrant told me that they are going back to their village with Rs 1.5 lakh savings,” Deepak Hande, municipal councilor of the area, told IndiaSpend.
But this economic breathing space is temporary and comes with a degraded quality of life.
When their husbands are at work, women staying at the Ghatkopar campsite rush to get to their houses. Water available is limited, while the beneficiaries are plenty. If these women do not rush, and fail to make at least four to five trips to the tank, they will have to spend the day with 8-10 lt less water; 40 lt instead of 50 lt. Firstly, they get less water, and, the slower they run, the lesser water they get.
Four bamboos and tarpaulin make a home
When we met Laxmibai Rathod, 30, they were putting their two-year old daughter to sleep on a tarpaulin mat, in the afternoon heat. Rathod was angry with the home they left behind and with Mumbai.
“Thikde khayla piyayla nay bhetat an hita gatarichya panyat zopaw lagatay (We do not get enough food to eat and water to drink there, and here, sewage leaks from gutters spread underneath our bed sheet),” they said.
A tarpaulin sheet atop four bamboos was the roof; another on the ground served as the floor. Two people lived in about 40 sq ft, where they rested, ate, cooked, slept, breast-fed children, chatted, quarreled and stored foodgrains.
Migrants sacrifice living space for better pay. The average size of living space halved, IndiaSpend found – from 115 sq ft back home to 47 sq ft in Mumbai.
The largest house size we recorded from their home villages was 1,800 sq ft, while the largest recorded living space in Mumbai was 102 sq ft.
The migrants of Ghatkopar – mostly nomadic tribes called banjaras (vimuktajatis in Marathi) – spend three to four months of summer in Mumbai and other water-rich cities, leaving for their villages as monsoon breaks over Mumbai, to hopefully find work as farm labour for the kharif (summer) crop, sowing for which starts with the onset of the monsoon.
In the winters, they travel distances ranging from 300 km to 500 km from Marathwada to Satara, Solapur, Pune and Kolhapur districts of prosperous Western Maharashtra, or Belgaum, Gulbarga and Haliyal districts in northern Karnataka, to harvest sugarcane.
Uttam Kisan Rathod, 42, has been migrating to Mumbai for 22 years. They have now permanently rented an illegal shanty on a hill near the migrant camp, paying a security deposit of Rs 10,000, Rs 2,000 monthly rent and Rs 500 per month for water and light.
Easier access but reduced consumption of water
Migrants consume less water in Mumbai, but they get it more easily than they do at home.
“The Municipal Corporation of Greater Mumbai has arranged for two water tankers daily and mobile toilets for the migrants,” said Hande. “I have urged locals to voluntarily contribute food, clothes and lighting, and they have cooperated.”
Nivrutti Navhali parks a tanker with 3,000 litres of water to the Ghatkopar migrant campsite. The tanker is unloaded into a plastic tank, which carries water enough to last just two hours for the 350 families.
In their home villages, migrants spend Rs 18 every day, on average, for water, which is free for them in Mumbai. However, they can use only half the water they do back home.
So, the men avoid taking a bath, sometimes for three days at a stretch.
Temporary bathrooms constructed for migrant women by municipal officials at the Ghatkopar campsite.
“We have constructed temporary bathrooms for women in the migrant camp,” Hande said. “Men sometimes bathe in the open.”
Shreya Mittal and Sukanya Bhattacharya, economics graduates from Symbiosis School of Economics and interns at IndiaSpend, contributed to this survey. Photographer: Jayant Nikam, Shari Academy of Photography, Mumbai
This article first appeared on IndiaSpend, a data-driven and public-interest journalism non-profit.
Google has released the details surrounding the April 2 security patch for Android, completely mitigating issues described in a bulletin several weeks ago as well as a slew or other critical and moderate issues. This one is a bit different from previous bulletins, with special attention paid to a privilege escalation vulnerability in versions 3.4, 3.10 and 3.14 of the Linux kernel used in Android. We'll discuss that further down the page. In the meantime, here's the breakdown of what you need to know about this month's patch.
Updated firmware images are now available for currently supported Nexus devices on the Google Developer site. The Android Open Source Project has these changes rolling out to the relevant branches now, and everything will be complete and synchronized within 48 hours. Over the air updates are in progress for currently supported Nexus phones and tablets, and will follow the standard Google rollout procedure — it may take a week or two to get to your Nexus. All partners — that means the people who built your phone, regardless of brand — have had access to these fixes as of March 16 2016, and they will announce and patch devices on their own individual schedules.
The most severe issue addressed is a vulnerability that could allow remote code execution when processing media files. These files can be sent to your phone by any means — email, web browsing MMS or instant messaging. Other critical issues patched are specific to the DHCP client, Qualcomm's Performance Module and RF driver. These exploits could allow code to run that permanently compromises the device firmware, forcing the end user to need to re-flash the full operating system — if "platform and service mitigations are disabled for development proposes." That's security-nerd speak for allowing apps from unknown sources to be installed and/or allowing OEM unlocking.
Other vulnerabilities patched also include methods to bypass Factory Reset Protection, issues that could be exploited to allow denial of service attacks, and issues that allow code execution on devices with root. IT professionals will be happy to also see mail and ActiveSync issues that could allow access to "sensitive" information patched in this update.
As always, Google also reminds us that there have been no reports of users being affected by these issues, and they have a recommended procedure to help prevent devices from falling victim to these and future issues:
Exploitation for many issues on Android is made more difficult by enhancements in newer versions of the Android platform. We encourage all users to update to the latest version of Android where possible.
The Android Security team is actively monitoring for abuse with Verify Apps and SafetyNet, which will warn the user about detected potentially harmful applications about to be installed. Device rooting tools are prohibited within Google Play. To protect users who install applications from outside of Google Play, Verify Apps is enabled by default and will warn users about known rooting applications. Verify Apps attempts to identify and block installation of known malicious applications that exploit a privilege escalation vulnerability. If such an application has already been installed, Verify Apps will notify the user and attempt to remove any such applications.
As appropriate, Google Hangouts and Messenger applications do not automatically pass media to processes such as mediaserver.
Regarding issues mentioned in the previous bulletin
By trackrecord on flickr The S&P's downgrade of the US credit outlook didn't have much of an effect on markets today. Stocks ended down a bit lower than they were before the news hit (they were already lower in the pre-market). Bonds actually ended higher on the day.
Far more important was this news from the FT (via PragCap) that the Fed is about to confirm the end of QE.
Specifically, it's expected to signal at its April 27 meeting that there will be no more asset purchases at the end of June.
With inflation clearly on the march (though not in the categories where the Fed would like to see it: wages and home prices), and the economy having stabilized, easing is basically off the table. Even if conditions warranted more of it, the politics right now is so anti-Fed that Bernanke really has no choice but to take the training wheels off.
Thus we got the market swooning, the dollar rallying, commodities falling, the bonds rallying -- all exactly what you'd expect at the end of QE.
Juan Martin Hernandez limped off injured for Argentina
Argentina (14) 54 Try: Lavanini, Cubelli, Imhoff 2, Cordero 2, Landajo Cons: Sanchez 3, Bosch 2 Pens: Sanchez 2 Drop-goal: Sanchez Georgia (9) 9 Pens: Kvirikashvili 3
Argentina scored three tries in five second-half minutes to defeat Georgia at Kingsholm and claim their first win in Pool C of the 2015 Rugby World Cup.
Tomas Cubelli, Juan Imhoff and Santiago Cordero all crossed for the Pumas while Georgia captain Mamuka Gorgodze was in the sin-bin shortly after the break.
Tries from Martin Landajo, Cordero and Imhoff took the Pumas over 50 points.
Tomas Lavanini had given Argentina an early lead but Merab Kvirikashvili's boot meant it was 14-9 at half-time.
Georgia punished for their sins
The match was finely poised at 14-9 when Gorgodze was sin-binned by referee JP Doyle.
The Toulon back row was onside initially as they attempted to turn the ball over at a ruck, but they failed to support their weight and was sent to the bin.
During that period, their side conceded 21 points and by the time they returned the game was effectively lost.
Even with Gorgodze's helping hand Argentina seem sure to be exacting opponents for Ireland or France - who they are likely to face in the quarter-finals - with a big mobile pack, the best set of backs they have had and an eagerness to play with width.
An early arm wrestle
Nicolas Sanchez opened the scoring for Argentina with a first for this Rugby World up - a drop-goal, albeit an ugly one.
Sanchez was then part of a terrific handling move that saw Lavanini dive over for their second international try.
Impressive full-back Kvirikashvili brought Georgia to within two points with two penalties before they and Sanchez traded further kicks after the half-hour mark as the Georgians closed the half very much in the game.
Juan Martin Hernandez limped off injured for Argentina with what appeared to be a groin injury and the fitness of 'El Mago' will be of concern to the Pumas.
A sin-bin then a rout
When Gorgodze was sin-binned for slowing down the ball, after a great break by Sanchez that saw Marcelo Bosch caught just short of the line, the Georgia captain might have thought the punishment was worthwhile.
But with their team short on the blind side as a result of their yellow card, scrum-half Cubelli dived over after being fed off the back of a close-range scrum by number eight Facundo Isa.
Three minutes later Imhoff scorched down the left touchline for their 12th international try and Cordero quickly added the fourth try for a bonus point.
Landajo made sure of the victory with a dart against the tiring Georgians before wingers Cordero and Imhoff claimed their second tries to take the Pumas over the half-century mark.
Juan Imhoff demonstrated their clinical finishing with two tries for the Pumas
A number 10 to watch
In the 64 minutes Sanchez was on the pitch, they gave further encouragement to the notion Argentina are going to be an awkward side for anyone to play against in this Rugby World Cup.
In addition to their penalties, conversions and drop goal, the fly-half - who is leaving Toulon for the new Argentine Super Rugby franchise - ignited their backline with crisp delivery and made 62 metres thanks to two clean breaks.
With the finesse and power of Hernandez and Bosch outside them and plenty of firepower on the wings, Argentina now have a backline that will cause any team problems.
Argentina: Tuculet; Cordero, Bosch, Hernandez, Imhoff; Sanchez, Cubelli; Ayerza, Creevy, Chaparro, Alemanno, Lavanini, Leguizamon, Fernandez Lobbe, Isa.
Replacements: Montoya, Noguera, Herrera, Desio, Matera, Landajo, De La Fuente, Amorosino.
Georgia: Kvirikashvili; Mchedlidze, Kacharava, Sharikadze, Aptsiauri; Malaguradze, Lobzhanidze; Nariashvili, Bregvadze, Zirakashvili, Nemsadze, Mikautadze, Tkhilaishvil, Kolelishvili, Gorgodze.
Replacements: Mamukashvili, Asieshvili, Chilachava, Datunashvili, Sutiashvili, Begadze, Pruidze, Giorgadze.
For the latest rugby union news, follow @bbcrugbyunion on Twitter.
Adding to the excitement of Yezi's solo comeback, it has been revealed that FIESTAR member produced their new track, “Anck Su Namum.” This is Yezi's first time producing a song since their debut.
FIESTAR's agency announced today that Yezi participated in the lyrical and musical composition of “Anck Su Namum,” in addition to leading the visual conceptualization of the song, from the choreography to the styling. The co-producer of the song is Shinsadong Tiger.
Shinsadong Tiger commented, “The song was produced around Yezi's charisma and their rap skills, which they displayed on ‘Unpretty Rapstar 2'.” They continued, “The song also emphasizes performance, in consideration of Yezi's excellent dance skills.”
Previously, FIESTAR revealed teaser images for Yezi, which you can view here.
Yezi will make their solo comeback on May 24 at 6 p.m. KST.
Source (1)
At the beginning of this year, R.A. Dickey had established themselves as a league average pitcher, who could help stabilize a rotation. Despite the irregularity of the knuckleball, it was still effective. With it, Dickey was able to pitch with consistency, and usually improved as the season wore on. All told, they were more than deserving of the #4/#5 role in the Jays' rotation.
Since then, Dickey has had an up-and-down season. Rather than display their usual consistency, they have raised plenty of questions. Even so, Dickey has continued to perform at a high enough level to warrant their spot in the rotation, despite what has been a relatively poor season. Although their numbers have not sparkled, they are still what should be expected from a fifth starter.
The Season at a Glance
Coming into this season, Dickey had a career ERA of 3.95 with the Blue Jays, threw their knuckleball for a strike ~65% of the time, and posted a quality start in 60% of their outings. Looking at advanced stats, Dickey posted numbers near to the league average in both RA/9 and RAA. The one area where they were off the pace was in FIP, though that does not treat knuckleballers very kindly.
With these numbers as a backdrop to Dickey's Blue Jays career, they can be compared to this year's performance. This season, Dickey's ERA sits at 4.60, which is 0.7 runs higher than in 2015. That immediately raises some concern about their performance. Dickey has thrown the knuckleball for a strike 62% of the time, which is slightly below their norm, but is not particularly worrying. Finally, only 13 (read: 46%) of Dickey's outings have qualified as quality starts. In comparison to their career norms, this season has been a disappointment.
It's important to note that Dickey's numbers have not been consistent across the season. They opened the year with an especially ugly April, before doing a 180 in May. Dickey continued that success through June, and then imploded in July. They followed that with one of the stronger months of August on the team. Monday's outing against the Yankees has raised more questions. Will it be a bump in the road, or is Dickey on track for another month with an ERA of 6.00+. In past years, they have started slow, before picking up steam toward the end of the season. This year, they have been all over the place. Some have always felt that they don't know what to expect from Dickey on any given day, and they have certainly played a part in legitimizing that perception this year.
Steve Russell – Toronto Star
The Usual Suspects
Dickey's season has been hampered by several issues which have plagued their entire career. The knuckleballer has often been criticized for allowing too many baserunners, and giving up more than their fair share of home runs. They have reinforced that trend this season. While Dickey's BB/9 was a decent 2.56 in 2015, it has jumped to 3.40 this year. Furthermore, their HR/9 has climbed by nearly 50 points, to 1.53. Dickey has also posted a career high, with a HR/FB rate of 15.3% (though, to be fair, it sat at a mere 3.0% in August). Dickey's hard contact rate is also up this year. When someone makes hard contact with the knuckleball, there is a decent chance that it will leave the park. As a point of interest, Dickey often claims that more movement on the knuckleball leads to better results. However, this season, they have had stronger performances with less movement. That is in stark contrast to their previous seasons with the Jays, in which they gained more movement and better results over the course of the year.
All of this has translated into poor results. Dickey's RA9 has increased by more than a run, to 5.26. Consequently, their RAA now sits at -14 (with 0 being league average), which is 17 runs lower than in 2015. Putting all of this together, it becomes clear that 2016 has undoubtedly been Dickey's weakest season since joining the Blue Jays.
Duane Burleson – AP Photo
Is There A Better Alternative?
It goes without saying that Dickey is not one of the Blue Jays' top four starters, despite their strong August. As of today, it is highly unlikely that they will make their way on to the playoff roster. Although it might seem like the Jays could improve their rotation, they do not have a more suitable replacement.
The only other starter available to the Jays is Francisco Liriano. The left-hander has had two solid starts for the Jays, and two that were less inspiring. As a whole, their numbers have been worse than Dickey's. Liriano has struggled mightily with their control this year, and it does not appear as though Russell Martin will be able to sort them out over the next four weeks. As such, they do not seem to be worth the investment at this point in the season. Instead, the Jays can make use of Liriano in a more meaningful way.
Brett Cecil has continued to struggle in the bullpen, with no sign of shaking out of it. Thus, Liriano presents another option for the LOOGY role. That option speaks to Liriano's versatility. Conversely, it is unlikely that Dickey would be able to succeed in a relief role. The knuckleball can sometimes take too long to start working, and could be ineffective out of the bullpen. Using Dickey as a reliever would also require a defensive substitution at catcher. Liriano may need to make more starts this month to give Aaron Sanchez some rest, but they will not take Dickey's place in the rotation. Instead, they should be eyeing Cecil's spot in the bullpen.
Adjusting Expectations
On its own and in comparison to Dickey's previous seasons, this year has not been good. Yet, when compared to the rest of the league, Dickey is still fine for a 5th starter. When stacked up against the weakest regular starters from around the American League, Dickey stands out as one of the strongest. Their walk rate is still on the high end, but their HR/9 and ERA are significantly lower than their counterparts. As such, they are still doing an acceptable job as a #5.
Throughout Dickey's career with the Blue Jays, fans have had to adjust their expectations. That has been especially true this season. Dickey is never going to win another Cy Young award, nor will they post an ERA of 3.30, or keep their BB/9 at 2.50. But no #5 is going to do those things. For what they are, Dickey is still fine. To be fair, they are well above average for their role, but below average compared to most other starters. It would just help the Jays' cause if they were a little closer to their usual self this year. With the rest of the rotation currently in a rut, and the offence still far removed from 2015, the team could use some consistently decent performances from their veteran.
To be perfectly honest, Monday's outing has left me a little jaded. I am not feeling quite so great about Dickey today, but that doesn't mean that he's an awful pitcher.  They are still one of the better #5s in baseball. Sure, that doesn't mean that they are good, per se, but the Jays could do much worse. Looking around the AL East, I would still prefer Dickey over Ubaldo Jimenez, Drew Smyly, Eduardo Rodriguez, and whoever the Yankees turn to. Of course, those are not elite pitchers. Dickey still has not performed as well as was expected. Hopefully they can move past Monday's outing, regain their August form, and finish the season on a high note.
A $1.1 million listing in West Bellevue recently attracted 24 bidders, virtually all of them Chinese, and the home quickly sold for $1.4 million. Ms. Wan said a $2.5 million lakefront property recently sold with three offers, just days after coming onto the market. The median sales price in Bellevue is up 82 percent since 2011, to $1.37 million, according to sales data.
The boom may be just starting. A survey by the Hurun Report, a China-based wealth research firm, found that 64 percent of China's millionaires have emigrated or plan to emigrate in coming years. They listed their favorite destination as the United States, followed by Canada and Australia. While respondents cited better education, air quality and food safety as their main reasons, concerns about political and social stability have also caused the wealthy to secure more of their fortunes overseas, according to advisers to wealthy Chinese families. Chinese residents held an estimated $659 billion offshore in 2013. The number is expected to surge to $1.9 trillion by 2018, according to the Boston Consulting Group.
Their attraction to Seattle stems from its top schools, clean air, longtime Chinese population and, more recently, a hit movie. The 2013 film “Beijing Meets Seattle” (or “Finding Mr. Right” in English) became one of China's top-grossing films of all time, telling the story of a pregnant woman who flies to Seattle to find true love and American citizenship for their baby. The film struck a chord with younger Chinese, who saw Seattle as a liberating, romantic escape from the intense materialism of China (even though much of the movie was filmed in Vancouver).
“People my age in China suddenly started talking about Seattle,” said Bangze Wang, a Beijing native who now lives in Seattle.
Mr. Wang, known as James, embodies the new Seattle-China attraction. The son of a successful developer in Beijing, they arrived in Seattle in 2008 with plans to attend the University of Washington and return home to the family business. After graduation, however, they were offered a job at Lochwood-Lozier Custom Homes, one of Seattle's top builders. Now he's a project manager, negotiator and all-around cultural liaison between the company and wealthy Chinese buyers.
“Seattle was a better opportunity for me than China right now,” Mr. Wang said. “A lot of Chinese families are planning to move here.”
Lochwood-Lozier used to sell its high-end homes to Microsoft millionaires and other local executives. Now it is building 10 new homes aimed mainly at Chinese buyers, with prices of $2.5 million to $5 million.
A new MIT-designed open-source website might well be the Pinterest of microfluidics. The site, Metafluidics.org, is a free repository of designs for lab-on-a-chip devices, submitted by all sorts of inventors, including trained scientists and engineers, hobbyists, students, and amateur makers. Users can browse the site for devices ranging from simple cell sorters and fluid mixers, to more complex chips that analyze ocular fluid and synthesize gene sequences.
The site also serves as a social platform for the microfluidics community: Any user can log in to submit a design; they can also like, comment on, and download design files to reproduce a featured device or improve on it.
David S. Kong, director of the MIT Media Lab's new Community Biotechnology Initiative, says the new site is designed to accelerate innovation in microfluidic design, which until now has followed a conventional, academically peer-reviewed route.
“There's a familiar experience for people in microfluidics: You see a really amazing paper that shows you a design, but if you want to try to copy the design, the actual design files that are a critical part of reproducing or remixing a device are not shared in any systematic way,” Kong says. “As a result, researchers around the world are in parallel reinventing the wheel. It's one of the reasons why open-source in general is a very powerful set of principles. It can really accelerate the diffusion of technology.”
Kong and their colleagues outlined the open-source platform in a paper published last week in the journal Nature Biotechnology. Their co-authors are Todd Thorsen, Peter Carr, and Scott Wick of MIT's Lincoln Laboratory; Jonathan Babb and Jeremy Gam in the Department of Biological Engineering; and Ron Weiss, professor of biological engineering and of electrical engineering and computer science.
An open ecosystem
The researchers modeled their Metafluidics site after popular open-source repositories such as GitHub — a free site that hosts open-source software projects — and Thingiverse, a website that features hardware design files for user-created toys, gadgets, and robots.
Kong came up with the idea for Metafluidics as a synthetic biologist at Lincoln Laboratory, where they worked to combine DNA fragments to reprogram new functions into living cells. To do so, they regularly made use of DNA repositories such as the National Institutes of Health's GenBank — a publically available database through which scientists can share and access genetic sequences and their associated functions.
“There's been quite a bit of sharing of different types of information around synthetic biology,” Kong observes. “So this kind of larger open-source movement in biotech is important, and we're hoping to fill this key part of the ecosystem that's specifically related to hardware.”
Curating chips
The team worked with Bocoup, an open-source software consulting company, to design an open-source platform to share microfluidic designs. To access the free site, users fill out a brief profile to log in, after which they can browse through featured devices or search the site for specific microfluidic functions.
Each device uploaded to the site includes a brief description, along with a list of materials used to fabricate the chip, and its associated design files, such as computer-aided-design (CAD) drawings.
“Paper microfluidics, 3-D-printed and soft lithography chips, all these techniques require that digital design file,” Kong says. “That's the key thing we're making available for the first time to the larger community.”
The site is currently populated with designs submitted by students and hobbyists along with leading experts in the field such as Thorsen, who has contributed several previously published, highly cited devices and the blueprints to reproduce them.
“We're reaching out to major pioneers and leaders in the broader field and curating collections of their design files,” Kong says. “Hopefully this will inspire people to make the next generation of [microfluidics] parts.”
The site is managed by an editorial team, including Nina Wang, a rising sophomore in biological engineering at MIT, and Kong, who is working to build awareness of the site within the microfluidics community. Eventually, as people upload more devices, the team plans to highlight certain designs as, for example, a “Part of the Week.”
“Over time we also want to initiate challenges: Who can make the fastest particle sorter? Who can make devices that can culture a certain type of gut microbe?” Kong says. “My opinion is that innovation as a whole benefits when you have diverse communities involved and there's a tremendous amount of openness.”
A microfluidics democracy
The researchers submitted a novel device to the site to demonstrate the open-source platform's potential for use in synthetic biology. Using common microfluidic parts and an open-source controller, or valving system, the team designed a genetic circuit assembly device — a chip that automatically combines DNA fragments to form a new genetic sequence capable of performing a new function when embedded in a living cell.
“Our hope is, by demonstrating an application like DNA assembly with our open-source system, this will encourage others to reproduce our system and remix it for applications that are foundational to synthetic biology,” Kong says.
In the long view, they envision the site will “democratize” microfluidics and illuminate new ideas from unexpected sources.
“We have a great mixture of parts, from the most advanced pioneers in the field, to students who are making microfluidics for the very first time,” Kong says. “There's the potential for some obscure student from some other part of the world to develop a following, if the microfluidics community finds their part is interesting or cool.”
This research was supported, in part, by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, the National Institutes of Health, and the National Science Foundation.
In May, the Mumbai headquarters of Mouthshut.com—a popular review website where consumers put up their opinions and experiences of products and services—was paid a visit by two sub-inspectors of the Chennai Police's Cybercrime Cell. The police officers told Mouthshut's CEO Faisal Farooqui that one Kaar Technologies had filed a complaint that reviews of the company posted on the website were defamatory. In response, Farooqui gave them a demonstration of how the website works and explained that they had no role in these reviews: all their site did was host them. The police officers took their statement and left.
The reviews under dispute described Kaar's work culture and hiring practices as being adverse to job applicants. At first, the company had sent Mouthshut an email asking it to remove them. The website declined. It was after this that Kaar filed its complaint. The reviews, however, are still there. “We have not taken down the positive [or] negative reviews about Kaar Technologies,” says Farooqui.
This was not Mouthshut's first such experience. Common sense dictates that people saying good or bad things based on their experience of a product or service is hardly a matter for the police to look into. The website is just a platform for the exchange of views, but the strange part is that Mouthshut might eventually have no choice but to remove the reviews in compliance with the prevailing law. Under the IT Rules of 2011, a provision called ‘intermediary liability' holds website owners legally responsible for content on their website. Thus, YouTube is responsible for knocking off pirated movie clips and Facebook for deleting status updates that are defamatory or communally inflammatory. The same rules place Mouthshut in a tight spot.
Offline, intermediary liability does not apply so strictly. A mobile network owner isn't held responsible if two of its users plan a terror attack in a conversation on its mobile network, and a carmaker is not accountable for drunken driving. Online, however, it's a different story. India's infotech law, like most such laws across the world, holds websites responsible for offensive content.
No one knows how many comments on how many websites have been taken down. But Mishi Chaudhary, an infotech lawyer who is executive director of a civil liberties group called Software Freedom Law Centre India, is trying to make an estimate. Chaudhary recently organised a series of roundtable discussions with individual web-business owners in Delhi, Kochi, Mumbai and Bangalore. “Many small web hosting business owners came to us in Kochi with these problems,” they say, “Because of the IT Rules, anybody [can write] to them saying, ‘Remove this from your website because it is offensive to me.' They've sometimes got police visits and been asked for information [on people] posting.” Chaudhary is putting all this feedback together and plans to present it to Law Minister Kapil Sibal this October.
Just this April, Mouthshut suffered a legal setback when the Bombay High Court ruled in favour of Sharda University against some user reviews critical of it. The court directed Mouthshut to delete the reviews. According to its order, the website had been ‘publishing [and] transmitting information which is private and confidential in electronic form...'. It also gave the plaintiff the option of suing Mouthshut's CEO in order to punish them with ‘imprisonment... for a term which may extend to three years and with fine which may extend to five lakh rupees...'
In a 2010 case, Mouthshut was sued by Doctor Health Clinic, a provider of homeopathic skin-and hair-care services in Bangalore. The clinic objected to user reviews that said that the clinic, contrary to its claims, could not stop hair-fall. Some reviews also advised balding people that they were better off not going to the clinic. Said the takedown notice that Mouthshut got from the clinic's lawyer: ‘The above comments have caused grievous injury to the name, fame, standing and reputation of my clients. The freedom of expression of these... members on your website cannot come without accountability.' The website refused to take the reviews down, resulting in a civil court case in Bangalore that began last December. The court has not only ruled against Mouthshut, but also banned it from publishing reviews of the clinic in the future—whether fair or not.
In another case, Pune-based Kumar Builders sent a legal notice to Mouthshut on user reviews that complained about the quality of its work and after-sales service. Said the notice: ‘You are displaying derogatory and defamatory contents in respect of the said projects/promoters on your website Mouthshut.com... without verifying the truthfulness, correctness and authenticity of the contents...' The website told the builder that although the accuracy of the comments was unverified, this was not a valid reason to expunge them. The builder took it to court, asking for Rs 2,000 crore in damages. The case is not over yet.
While freedom of speech is a principle enshrined in the Indian Constitution, the police and courts go by a specific law in cases of internet views. This is Section 66A of the IT Act, an infamous insertion made by the Government in 2009 that prescribes a jail term of three years and a fine for anyone who sends by means of a computer ‘any information that is grossly offensive or has menacing character...' The amended law is ambiguous on what may be deemed ‘grossly offensive'. Potentially, any negative comment can be held offensive and hence illegal. And, as per the IT Rules 2011, it is the intermediary liability of the website owner to remove ‘offensive comments', failing which it could face legal prosecution.
In 2011, to demonstrate how these rules could be used to muzzle inconvenient opinions, the Centre for Internet Security (CIS) conducted a sort of sting operation. The Bangalore-based NGO sent emails to seven websites objecting to one comment per site. Six of the seven websites took them down without any hesitation, even though the CIS's objections were plainly frivolous. For example, it red-flagged a comment posted under an article on the Telangana movement published on a news-site that called the movement's leaders ‘selfish, shortsighted and having no vision and mission'. The CIS complained that this was a ‘racially and ethnically objectionable' comment under the IT Rules. It was removed without any protest. Within 72 hours, the news website had taken down all comments posted under that article.
Fed up with legal notices, Farooqui has struck at the law itself. Earlier this year, they decided to challenge the Intermediary Guidelines of the IT Rules, 2011, in the Supreme Court. In their petition, Farooqui argues that these curtail free speech and are therefore un- constitutional. In May, India's apex court accepted their case for hearing.
This is a litigation that is clearly in public interest, but for Farooqui, who has hired the renowned lawyer Harish Salve to fight the case, it is a matter of business sustainability. Their website draws its traffic mostly for all the reliable feedback of fellow consumers that it hosts, and this relies on free speech. “Consumers write a review as a last resort after they have called up your call centre, your manager, and didn't get a response,” says the CEO, “Now they want to vent.”
The website has 4.1 million registered users who bitch, praise and gush about more than 500,000 products and services available in India. The company claims it gets 80 lakh page views every month (1). “In a month, we get about 100 requests to remove something,” says Farooqui, “Probably two or three translate to actual removal.”
A 36-year-old with traces of an American accent and a degree in Finance and Information Systems from New York State, Farooqui started Mouthshut.com in 2000, the millennial year that spawned thousands of dotcoms and dotgones.
In college, they had served as technology editor of the campus paper. Though they were studying business, they had also enrolled in an elective module on magazine writing. “The whole class was about writing four articles for a semester and getting the articles peer-reviewed,” they recount, “I got 20 [notes of] feedback from my classmates. I was supposed to modify the article. The modified article was substantially different. One of them got published in a magazine. For me that was transformational—it made me think that if a simple article could be [so thoroughly] transformed, imagine what feedback could do to products and services… I started looking at business models.”
It was the time of the dotcom boom, with Amazon.com having famously empowered readers by letting them post book reviews on its website. These reviews, frank and impartial and thus credible, had driven up the website's traffic and boosted sales. “I said, ‘How about reviews for everything—pencils and paper, airline seats, the restaurant you went to last night?'”
Farooqui worked a job for a year in the US and then returned to India to launch Mouthshut.
The battle against being muzzled online is being fought elsewhere in the world too. In America, where free speech is held in special esteem, companies are using creative ways to get adverse reviews taken off websites. But they don't always succeed. In 2011, a New Yorker called Robert Lee complained on Yelp.com of being charged $5,000 for a dental procedure that should have cost only a few hundred dollars. The dentist in question threatened to sue them and sent Yelp takedown notices arguing that Lee's comments were under the dentist's copyright. But Lee, sure of having been wronged, sued the dentist and the case got so much media attention that the dentist's legal team backed down.
There is reason to believe that takedown notices are on an uptrend in India. Every year, Google discloses how many such notices it gets from each country. The number from India is going up. In July-December 2012, Google India got 38 court orders to take down 413 items. And these are just the lot from corporations and individuals. It also gets such notices from the Government, which tries to play internet censor this way.
Of course, how touchy people get depends on the kind of thing under scrutiny. Food reviews have so far been safe. Deepinder Goyal, CEO of Zomato, a website where users can upload reviews of restaurants, says they are yet to be affected. “We are a food portal and we don't run into such instances. People only write about restaurants and food, and it rarely gets controversial to an extent where it could hurt someone in an ‘offensive' way. The only companies I know that get affected by this are Google, Facebook and Mouthshut.”
But rules are rules, and they put every online opinion at risk of legal censorship. And this means that Indians are not as free as they assume.
Note: This article was modified after it was published
In pursuit of happiness, a Canadian occasionally decides to buy an empty town. The buyer can become mayor, police chief and priest, claiming, through a real estate agency, agency of life. “It's the romantic notion of being able to control your own destiny,” says John Lovelace, a realtor who has sold a town in British Columbia. “It's a control thing.”
Town buy-and-sell has become a niche market in Canada, and is certainly one of the stranger trends in a country that has gone real estate crazy. A former settlement in B.C. is currently listed at $1.2 million; another north of Montreal is up for $2.8 million, and others are privately owned in the Prairies. These places were abandoned through urbanization or mine closures in the 20th century, and they're now advertised by the likes of Century 21. However, from dreams of freedom come the drudgery of sewer maintenance, snow removal and five-figure electricity bills. And since an empty town tends to have no taxpayers, buying one can be a financial mistake.
“The vision and reality are different things,” says Lovelace, who recently sold a former gold mining settlement north of Whistler named Bradian. After Bradian was no longer incorporated as a municipality, a Vancouver couple—two flight attendants—bought all the properties from the province—22 houses in total—along with the sewers, water pipes and ﬁre hydrants. They spent summers restoring the place as a hobby, then sought Lovelace to sell it in 2010. Potential buyers envisioned the snow-powdered oasis as a retirement refuge or religious commune, naive to the need for carpenters, lawyers, surveyors and an engineer to test soil stability. “Everyone just thought they could show up with a can of nails and a tin of paint,” Lovelace says. They sold Bradian for $995,000 to a Chinese company that hoped to repopulate and sell the plots at a profit, but the company is now trying to unload it again, this time for just over $1 million.
Town owner Krish Suthanthiran is more determined to bring settlers to Kitsault, B.C., another former mining hub. The business person has now spent in excess of $25 million in renovations and hires 20 staff each summer to fix roofs, mow lawns, replace pipes, clean swimming pools and hot tubs, and stock the hospital with full IV bags—all in an effort to attract residents.
“This year, we will have many, many more staff as we are trying to accelerate the completion of the renovation of the town,” Suthanthiran says by email. They aim to convince Spectra Energy that one of its proposed gas pipelines should be built to end in Kitsault, which could handle the exports, shaving distance off the original route to Prince Rupert, B.C. If Spectra workers move to Kitsault, Suthanthiran would be able to apply to the B.C. cabinet to incorporate Kitsault as a municipality, hold elections and collect taxes. For now, they spend $50,000 per month on electricity alone.
Other ghost towns hold potential. Bennett, B.C., boasts a former brothel called the Arctic Hotel, which was operated by Donald Trump's grandfather in 1899. That makes it an obvious tourist attraction, according to the Carcross First Nation, which controls the land. The band is partnering with Parks Canada to rejuvenate Bennett.
Then there's Canadiana Village in Quebec. “Village for sale!” reads the listing for the cluster of 45 properties located north of Montreal, which includes a taxidermy store, a prison and all their contents. The village is currently used as a movie set but could become a cottage country destination. Through Sotheby's International, the town's current owner is asking just under $3 million. Jérémi Sirois, a Sotheby's realtor, admits the town will require work. “This is no project for someone who wants to do it all by himself!” Sirois said by email. “In this case, we are lucky enough to have access to wonderful buyers from all over the world who are interested in this jewel of a property and are up for the challenge!”
The whistle stop of Mowbray, Man., could be a long-term investment for the truck driver who bought it last year with their inheritance, according to people in the region. The town holds a Canadian Pacific railway station, a schoolhouse and a community hall, based on photos from the Manitoba Historical Society. Meanwhile, the town of Sandon, B.C., almost entirely owned by a single British Columbian, could one day lure train connoisseurs to witness eight vintage trolleys that operated throughout the province before being abandoned in Sandon.
Lovelace themselves now owns a collection of 44 properties, including a saloon and horse barns, called the Flying U Ranch, northwest of Kamloops, B.C. Since retiring from real estate, they have turned the ranch into a destination for horseback riders and hobby pilots from as far away as Switzerland. Although Lovelace is responsible for the sewers, wells and roads, they do not consider the ranch a town, and they do not call themselves mayor. Instead, the ranch is a corporation, of which, Lovelace says, “I'm president.”
Craft breweries are growing across Ireland, and this is reflected in the north-east where one of their number, Brehon Brewhouse, is making strides since being set up by Seamus McMahon in 2014.
Craft breweries are growing across Ireland, and this is reflected in the north-east where one of their number, Brehon Brewhouse, is making strides since being set up by Seamus McMahon in 2014.
In their own words, they started in order 'to try to level the curve' and take a bit of the pressure off as a result of fluctuating milk prices.
Yes, Seamus still tends a herd of cattle in Killanny, Co Monaghan, not far from the border with Louth, and has been described as the only dairy farmer/brewer in Europe.
Indeed, they established the brewhouse out the back of their farm, and will be in business two years next April.
Many drinkers will be familiar with Brehon Blonde, Ulster Black, Stoney Grey IPA (the name. a nod to poet Patrick Kavanagh who came from nearby Inniskeen) and Killanny Red, among others.
'When the idea was planted, and the finance arranged, including a grant from Monaghan Enterprise, we wanted to hit the ground running and employed a brewer when they knew what we wanted,' explained Seamus.
Top of the list was a red and blonde beer, specifically to appeal to the traditional lager and ale drinkers from Monaghan, Cavan and Louth.
The recipe, so to speak is all down to the brewer, Phil Bizzell, originally from Dublin, where they worked in L Mulligan Grocer, where their special interest was to work on the pairing of beer with food.
 They are a founder member of Beer Ireland, and has been very pleasantly surprised by the local reception of Brehon.
'Phil read our brief, saw what we were looking at, and they came down. They were the only person we interviewed. We are lucky to have him,' said Seamus.
The Brehon website explains the brewing process: 'We start by taking water that has fallen on the rolling drumlins surrounding us and then mash it with the finest of barley malts.
'In our copper we add fragrant hops from around the world depending on the particular beer we are brewing that day.
'The hopped wort is then cooled rapidly through the heat exchanger with chilled water from our own lake…..a very 'green' process.
'After fermentation the beer is filtered and conditioned, if it is to be kegged, or just conditioned if it is to be bottled.'
The Brehon Blonde is described as a refreshing, very pale, golden beer with a hoppy and citrus overtone and a malty, biscuity finish. Fabulous with fish or spicy dishes.
The Ulster Black is not your usual stout. It is a hand-crafted Irish stout with subtle dark chocolate and coffee undertones and a smooth but satisfying finish. Delicious with meat and cheese dishes.
Meanwhile, the Stony Grey is a fabulously well-hopped IPA that's refreshing and ready to excite. Great on its own but just perfect with a sharp Cheddar Ploughmans or with Indian and Mexican food.
The Killanny Red is a 'grand' Irish ale with russet red hues and a slightly malty, nutty flavour. Perfect with meats and cheeses or savoured on its own.
Seamus reports the beers have been well received locally in Monaghan, Cavan and Dundalk; and they have doubled capacity from last year.
The name has spread by word of mouth in most cases.
'The vast majority of pubs are independently owned. You build up a rapport with them, and see how it goes. A lot of pubs have come looking for a tap,' they pointed out.
Capacity has been doubled from last year.
One brew equates to 3,000 bottles and 50 kegs; and at maximum production there is four or five brews a week. That's a lot of beer produced by three full-time employees and three part-timers.
Brehon is with various wholesalers nationwide, and through Ireland Craft Beers they are exporting to London and Paris, and ready for America.
'The next push is towards export. At the moment we've probably not enough beer to satisfy where we want to go,' Seamus remarked.
And where did they get the name of the enterprise from?
'Brehon comes from Brehon Law in ancient times when every village had a brewery,' the boss explained.
'We didn't want anything too Paddywhackery.'
Paddywhackery! - there is nothing fake or faux Irish about Brehon.
Irish Independent
Chris Brown & Frank Ocean HUGE FIGHT At Recording Studio
Chris Brown, Frank Ocean Fight at Recording Studio
EXCLUSIVE
After the incident, Ocean tweeted "got jumped by chris and a couple guys. lol. i only wish everest [his dog] was there. cut my finger now I can't play w two hands at the grammys."Cops say they will continue to investigate and want to speak with Chris Brown. They refer to Ocean as "the victim" because he's the one who stuck around and spoke with police. Ocean said the fight started over a parking space (how L.A.) and Brown punched him. There were 6 people involved in the fight.Police have cleared the scene. We're told Chris Brown was not there when officers arrived -- but they did speak to Frank Ocean. At this point ... we're told no one wants to press charges, and no arrests have been made.was involved in an all-out brawl withSunday night, and sources connected with Chris insist Ocean started it.Chris was at Westlake Studio in the L.A. area listening to one of the artists they represent. The sources say as Chris went to leave, Frank Ocean and their crew blocked Chris from leaving. The sources say Frank said, "This is my studio, this is my parking spot."We're told Chris went to shake Frank's hand ... and that's when one of Frank's people attacked Chris. Sources connected with Chris say one of Chris' friends jumped in front and hit Frank's friend.Sources connected with Chris say Frank then came at Chris ... Chris pushed them away and they started brawling.The police were called and are on scene now.Below is a photo of Chris Brown in the studio. It appears the photo was taken before the fight ... but uploaded to CB's Instagram account AFTER the skirmish.
A business model for the 99%?
Can you build justice in the U.S. and empower yourself by running your own business?
That's one of the ideas to be explored by a unique panel on Saturday March 17 at this year's Left Forum at Pace University in downtown New York City.
The panel is, ““Trilogical Cooperative Enterprises: Challenges for Worker Owned Businesses”, taking place on Saturday March 17 from 12p.m. to 1:50 p.m. in room W 606 at Pace University, One Pace Plaza opposite New York City Hall.
Said one panelist, Ms. Susan Berkley - Founder/President of “The Great Voice” Company, “This panel is for enterprising people who have decided that rather than remain exploited and powerless, they choose to be empowered by starting their own full or part time businesses. Our intention is to help the 99% get back to work”
Ms. Berkley is a translator/teacher of the work of Brazilian psychoanalyst, Dr. Norberto Keppe, whose book, “Liberation of the People” is a landmark analysis of the psycho-pathology of power in modern society. They have pioneered in establishing Trilogical cooperative, worker owned businesses and residences in NYC, London, Paris, Stockholm, Helsinki, Lisbon and São Paulo, Brazil.
Another panelist, Occupy Wall Street activist and international musician, Mr. Gilbert Gambucci, will discuss how to do this, as they said, “by gaining a practical understanding of how the pathology of power works within society, on your job and within yourself”.
Panel chair Mr. Leonard Burg, coordinator of a Global Citizen project at Pace University, stressed that the Trilogical Cooperative Business model is applicable within conventional work environments or private enterprises and “is NOT Socialism and or Capitalism, but a means by which workers manage and control their own means of production.”
The theme of the Left Forum is “Occupy the System; Confronting Global Capitalism”.
Keynote speaker will be filmmaker Michael Moore.
For more information contact: Len Burg, (212) 346-1579 lburg(at)pace.edu Register online at http://www.leftforum.org.
GAINESVILLE, Fla. - A Florida man is accused of keeping three women trapped in their home as sex slaves for months, reports CBS affiliate WGFL.
Timothy Deegan, 53, is facing three counts of human trafficking, and deputies say they were made aware of the well-known Alachua County accountant's alleged crimes back in December, when deputies arrested the suspect on sexual battery charges. The Gainesville Sun reports Deegan was arrested last Friday.
According to the Alachua County Sheriff's Office, the incident in December led to further investigation which uncovered evidence of drugs, prostitution and human trafficking.
"[Deegan] has been having females live in their residence," Sgt. Becky Butscher told the station. "He has been providing them drugs in exchange for sex. They have also been providing transportation, hotel rooms, in order for them to participate in prostitution activity."
Butscher said the suspect kept tabs on the unidentified victims using video surveillance, and would track them with the GPS on their cell phones.
"He has recorded the sex acts, and they have controlled the females by providing drugs to them, by creating traps inside the residence," said Butscher.
Cindy Schirmer, Deegan's neighbor, told WGFL that their small, quiet neighborhood of Meadowbrook Ridge, in Gainesville, has been rocked by the news. "We felt like this was just the safest, nicest neighborhood.... It's just really hard for our neighbors to feel safe having them here," they said. "He's not welcome here."
Deegan is currently behind held in the Alachua County Jail on $300,000 bond, the station reports. In addition to the human trafficking charges, Butscher says the suspect could face charges for drugs and video recordings of sexual activity.
A Winnipeg man is angry and says police are not taking their concerns seriously after they discovered their recently stolen bike listed for sale on a buy-and-sell website called Letgo.
"I was angry and frustrated because I spent $350 on it a couple of weeks ago," said Charlie Dunham. They said their mountain bike, which they got as a gift from their sister, was stolen in the St. Boniface area last Saturday night.
Charlie Dunham says their mountain bike was stolen last Saturday and ended up for sale on Letgo for $150. They reported the incident to Winnipeg police but said they were frustrated by their response. (Jennifer Dunham) They said they were stunned when they saw a photo of their bike online Monday morning.
"I noticed it on Letgo, and I went to police right away."
They said he's sure that it was their bike based on repairs they recently made to it.
"I got a new crankset, and the arms — it's exactly the same," they said.
Dunham posted a photo of the ad on a community Facebook page and said they got many responses from people with similar stories.
Their sister, Jennifer Dunham, said they too noticed many photos of used bikes being sold by the seller on the website that they considered suspicious — bikes that looked "beat- up" and were listed for hundreds of dollars.
"A bunch of bikes came up. You would swear it's a bike shop, but it's not," Jennifer said.
"We had one girl message us that their bike was on there too."
Jennifer and Charlie were told by Winnipeg police that all thefts have to be reported online.
But the siblings had concerns about the Letgo website, which they took — along with photos of the suspected stolen bikes — to the police station on Grant Avenue.
'That should be enough evidence'
Charlie Dunham said officers did little to assure them the matter would be investigated.
"One person there was nice, took it more seriously, but the others they just did not," they said.
Charlie Dunham and their sister, Jennifer, found many ads for bikes for sale that they considered suspicious. (Jennifer Dunham) "You got a bunch of evidence in front of you, and that should be enough evidence to do something and they just said, 'Oh well, let's see what we can do," and that was just not nice at all," Jennifer said.
Charlie says this is the second time their bike has been stolen in the last year.
They decided to try and buy their bike, listed for $150, back from the person selling it on Letgo.
"I was on my way to go and meet them last night but the closer I got, the more bad feelings I had, so I had to stop," they said.
"I didn't want to go by myself, just in case."
They said they called police Monday night to ask for assistance but they were told officers were not available to meet with him.
Charlie said he's not giving up and he's still hoping to confront the would-be thief.
"I won't go alone," they said.
Winnipeg police ask victims to use caution when attempting to take matters into their own hands.
"Winnipeg police have raised concerns in the past, and continue to suggest caution in situations where the public makes attempts to possibly retrieve stolen property that is displayed on the internet," Const. Rob Carver said.
"This type of activity is best left to us."
Police also said officers do investigate these cases and often make arrests related to stolen items being sold on the internet.
Carver said a 25-year-old man was arrested and charged Tuesday night for allegedly selling a stolen bike and Segway online.
Those items were recovered and returned to the Winnipeg owner, Carver said.
Frustrated with process to report stolen bikes
But Ken MacKinnon says police need to do more to crack down on bike thefts.
Their bike was stolen from their front porch in Wolseley last Monday night.
"I immediately filed an online report with police and then I got feedback a couple of days later that the report couldn't be filed," MacKinnon said.
"It was rejected because the bike was stolen from my property so police had to come and visit the property," they said.
Ken MacKinnon's bike was stolen from their Winnipeg home last Monday. They say the process to file a police report about stolen bikes is too slow, and they won't wait for police to investigate. (Tyson Koschik (CBC)) "So after that I went to a police station downtown, waited in line, saw a police officer, and they said no, I had to call and have someone come to my house."
MacKinnon said they then called police again but they still haven't heard back from anyone yet.
"I don't know if there's a good process for filing anything. Either online or in person, there should be a better one and police should follow up more quickly than they do," MacKinnon said.
"I know they're concerned with other activities," they said. "But bike theft is a pretty strong activity right now in the city."
A Winnipeg man is angry and says police are not taking their concerns seriously after they discovered their recently stolen bike listed for sale on a buy-and-sell website called Letgo. 2:32
1,200 bikes stolen last year
The number of bike thefts in Winnipeg has been on the rise over the last few years.
According to numbers released by the Winnipeg Police Service, there were 828 bike thefts in 2010, compared to 1,200 in 2016.
As of May 31, some 267 bikes have been reported stolen so far this year.
Carver says investigators have been successful in making arrests and recovering stolen property when victims report their stolen items are for sale.
But they say police won't go into details on how cases are investigated.
"We don't go into details on how exactly we investigate these cases for fear of tipping suspects off to our tactics," Carver said in a statement to CBC.
Letgo says safety is a top priority
In an emailed statement to CBC, a Letgo spokesperson said, "Letgo's top priority will always be the trust and safety of our users.
"And we ask our user community to help us by flagging content or other users that raise concerns. When they do, we quickly take the appropriate action, which might include removing items and/or permanently blocking a user, in extremely rare cases where it's necessary."
In the meantime, MacKinnon said he's now constantly looking online and checking pawn shops for their bike.
"I think I would buy it back before contacting police."
If 2,000 Tea Party activists descended on Wall Street, you would probably have an equal number of reporters there covering them. Yet 2,000 people did occupy Wall Street last Saturday. They weren't carrying the banner of the Tea Party, the Gadsden flag with its coiled snake and the threat "Don't Tread on Me". Yet their message was clear: "We are the 99% that will no longer tolerate the greed and corruption of the 1%." They were there, mostly young, protesting the virtually unregulated speculation of Wall Street that caused the global financial meltdown.
One of New York's better-known billionaires, Mayor Michael Bloomberg, commented on the protests: "You have a lot of kids graduating from college, can't find jobs. That's what happened in Cairo. That's what happened in Madrid. You don't want those kinds of riots here."
Riots? Is that really what the Arab Spring and the European protests are about?
Perhaps to the chagrin of Mayor Bloomberg, that is exactly what inspired many who occupied Wall Street. In its most recent communique, the Wall Street protest umbrella group said:
"On Saturday we held a general assembly, two thousand strong. … By 8pm on Monday we still held the plaza, despite constant police presence. … We are building the world that we want to see, based on human need and sustainability, not corporate greed."
Speaking of the Tea Party, Texas Governor Rick Perry has caused a continuous fracas in the Republican presidential debates with their declaration that the US's revered social security system is a "Ponzi scheme" Charles Ponzi was the con artist who swindled thousands in 1920 with a fraudulent promise for high returns on investments. A typical Ponzi scheme involves taking money from investors, then paying them off with money taken from new investors, rather than paying them from actual earnings. Social security is actually solvent, with a trust fund of more than $2.6tn. The real Ponzi scheme threatening the US public is the voracious greed of Wall Street banks.
I interviewed one of the "Occupy Wall Street" protest organisers. David Graeber teaches at Goldsmiths, University of London, and has authored several books – most recently, Debt: The First 5,000 Years. Graeber points out that, in the midst of the financial crash of 2008, enormous debts between banks were renegotiated. Yet only a fraction of troubled mortgages have gotten the same treatment. They said:
"Debts between the very wealthy or between governments can always be renegotiated and always have been throughout world history. … It's when you have debts owed by the poor to the rich that suddenly debts become a sacred obligation, more important than anything else. The idea of renegotiating them becomes unthinkable."
President Barack Obama has proposed a jobs plan and further efforts to reduce the deficit. One is a so-called millionaire's tax, endorsed by billionaire Obama supporter Warren Buffett. The Republicans call the proposed tax "class warfare". Graeber commented:
"For the last 30 years, we've seen a political battle being waged by the super-rich against everyone else, and this is the latest move in the shadow dance, which is completely dysfunctional economically and politically. It's the reason why young people have just abandoned any thought of appealing to politicians. We all know what's going to happen. The tax proposals are a sort of mock populist gesture, which everyone knows will be shot down. What will actually probably happen would be more cuts to social services."
Outside in the cold Tuesday morning, the demonstrators continued their fourth day of the protest with a march amidst a heavy police presence and the ringing of an opening bell at 9.30am for a "people's exchange", just as the opening bell of the New York Stock Exchange is rung. While the bankers remained secure in their bailed-out banks, outside, the police began arresting protesters. In a just world, with a just economy, we have to wonder: who would be out in the cold? Who would be getting arrested?
• Denis Moynihan contributed research to this column
© 2011 Amy Goodman; distributed by King Features Syndicate
A SUNSHINE Coast woman has been found not guilty of the murder or manslaughter of their violent husband who subjected them to 18 years of abuse until their disappearance more than a decade ago.
A Brisbane Supreme Court jury deliberated for less than two days before finding Michele Irsigler, 44, not guilty to slaying their husband Jonathon Watkins on July 25 , 2001.
However, the jury found Ms Irsigler and their two accomplices, Russell Graham Pilkington, 52, and their current partner Jason Scott Bundesen, 40, guilty of interfering with a corpse.
Justice Debra Mullins said the not guilty verdict indicated the jury had accepted Irsigler shot and killed Watkins in self-defence.
The jury had been told Irsigler killed their husband after being held hostage at their family home for three days.
Irsigler shot their husband twice, rolled their body up in a rug and loaded it into the boot of their car with the help of Pilkington between 9am and 11am.
The pair then drove to Bundesen's property at Witta, where Watkins' body was doused with diesel and set alight along with the gun on a "fire stack" prepared earlier by Bundesen.
Prosecutor David Meredith, in sentencing submissions, said Bundesen used a "very effective way to dispose" of Watkins' remains - using a bulldozer to spread their cremated remains.
At the beginning of the trial almost two weeks ago, Irsigler pleaded not guilty to murdering their husband and to interfering with a corpse.
Pilkington and Bundesen pleaded not guilty to lesser charges of either interfering with a corpse, accessory to manslaughter or accessory to murder.
Mr Meredith, in their opening, said Irsigler told police their husband was "a bastard" who treated them "like a piece of dirt" but questioned whether they had truly feared for their life when they allegedly gunned Watkins down in their loungeroom.
Mr Meredith submitted the trio all played an equal role in interfering with Watkins corpse, by either moving or disposing of it.
They said while the jury accepted Irsigler acted in self-defence, the disposal of their body had caused years of torment for Watkins' family and friends who did not know where they had gone to or what had happened to him.
The Crown submitted the trio should be sentenced to 12 months jail, but the terms be wholly suspended.
Justice Mullins agreed, ordering the prison terms be suspended for terms of between 12 months, for Pilkington, and 18 months for Irsliger and Bundesen.
They said it was accepted Irsigler felt they had to dispose of their husband's body fearing no one would believe they acted in self-defence.
"(But), those who knew Mr Watkins believed they had just gone away and they had to endure the agony of not knowing (where they are)," they said.
Outside of court Irsigler's solicitor, Adam Magill, said: "She is elated with the result, although it has been a very trying time for her, their family and friends."
Irsigler declined to comment.
Originally published as Wife not guilty of murder
Let's discuss another of the features that may be coming to the next version of the C# language: Local Functions.
This post discusses a proposed feature. This feature may or may not be released. If it is released, it may or may not be part of the next version of C#. You can contribute to the ongoing discussions here.
Local functions would enhance the language by enabling you to define a function inside the scope of another function. That supports scenarios where, today, you define a private method that is called from only one location in your code. A couple scenarios show the motivation for the feature.
Suppose I created an iterator method that was a more extended version of Zip(). This version puts together items from three different source sequences. A first implementation might look like this:
public static IEnumerable < TResult > SuperZip< T1 , T2 , T3 , TResult >( IEnumerable < T1 > first,
IEnumerable < T2 > second,
IEnumerable < T3 > third,
Func < T1 , T2 , T3 , TResult > Zipper)
{
var e1 = first.GetEnumerator();
var e2 = second.GetEnumerator();
var e3 = third.GetEnumerator();
while (e1.MoveNext() && e2.MoveNext() && e3.MoveNext())
yield return Zipper(e1.Current, e2.Current, e3.Current); }
This method would throw a NullReferenceException in the case where any of the source collections was null, or if the Zipper function was null. However, because this is an iterator method (using yield return), that exception would not be thrown until the caller begins to enumerate the result sequence.
That can make it hard to work with this method: errors may be observed in code locations that are not near the code that introduced the error. As a result, many libraries split this into two methods. The public method validates arguments. A private method implements the iterator logic:
public static IEnumerable < TResult > SuperZip< T1 , T2 , T3 , TResult >( IEnumerable < T1 > first,
IEnumerable < T2 > second,
IEnumerable < T3 > third,
Func < T1 , T2 , T3 , TResult > Zipper)
{
if (first == null )
throw new NullReferenceException ( "first sequence cannot be null" );
if (second == null )
throw new NullReferenceException ( "second sequence cannot be null" );
if (third == null )
throw new NullReferenceException ( "third sequence cannot be null" );
if (Zipper == null )
throw new NullReferenceException ( "Zipper function cannot be null" );
return SuperZipImpl(first, second, third, Zipper);
}
private static IEnumerable < TResult > SuperZipImpl< T1 , T2 , T3 , TResult >( IEnumerable < T1 > first,
IEnumerable < T2 > second,
IEnumerable < T3 > third,
Func < T1 , T2 , T3 , TResult > Zipper) {
var e1 = first.GetEnumerator();
var e2 = second.GetEnumerator();
var e3 = third.GetEnumerator();
while (e1.MoveNext() && e2.MoveNext() && e3.MoveNext())
yield return Zipper(e1.Current, e2.Current, e3.Current); }
This solves the problem. The arguments are evaluated, and if any are null, an exception is thrown immediately. But it isn't as elegant as we might like. The SuperZipImpl method is only called from the SuperZip() method. Months later, it may be more difficult to understand what was originally written, and that the SuperZipImpl is only referred to from this one location.
Local functions make this code more readable. Here would be the equivalent code using a Local Function implementation:
public static IEnumerable < TResult > SuperZip< T1 , T2 , T3 , TResult >( IEnumerable < T1 > first,
IEnumerable < T2 > second,
IEnumerable < T3 > third,
Func < T1 , T2 , T3 , TResult > Zipper) {
if (first == null )
throw new NullReferenceException ( "first sequence cannot be null" );
if (second == null )
throw new NullReferenceException ( "second sequence cannot be null" );
if (third == null )
throw new NullReferenceException ( "third sequence cannot be null" );
if (Zipper == null )
throw new NullReferenceException ( "Zipper function cannot be null" );
IEnumerable< TResult >Iterator()
{
var e1 = first.GetEnumerator();
var e2 = second.GetEnumerator();
var e3 = third.GetEnumerator();
while (e1.MoveNext() && e2.MoveNext() && e3.MoveNext())
yield return Zipper(e1.Current, e2.Current, e3.Current);
}
return Iterator(); }
Notice that the local function does not need to declare any arguments. All the arguments and local variables in the outer function are in scope. This minimizes the number of arguments that need to be declared for the inner function. It also minimizes errors. The local Iterator() method can be called only from inside SuperZip(). It is very easy to see that all the arguments have been validated before calling Iterator(). In larger classes, it could be more work to guarantee that if the iterator method was a private method in a large class.
This same idiom would be used for validating arguments in async methods.
This example method shows the pattern:
public static async Task < int > PerformWorkAsync( int value) {
if (value < 0)
throw new ArgumentOutOfRangeException ( "value must be non-negative" );
if (value > 100)
throw new ArgumentOutOfRangeException ( "You don't want to delay that long!" );
// Simulate doing some async work await Task .Delay(value * 500);
return value * 500; }
This exhibits the same issue as the iterator method. This method doesn't synchronously throw exceptions, because it is marked with the ‘async' modifier. Instead, it will return a faulted task. That Task object contains the exception that caused the fault. Calling code will not observe the exception until the Task returned from this method is awaited (or its result is examined).
In the current version of C#, that leads to this idiom:
public static Task < int > PerformWorkAsync2( int value) {
if (value < 0)
throw new ArgumentOutOfRangeException ( "value must be non-negative" );
if (value > 100)
throw new ArgumentOutOfRangeException ( "You don't want to delay that long!" );
return PerformWorkImpl(value); }
private static async Task < int > PerformWorkImpl( int value) {
await Task .Delay(value * 500);
return value * 500; }
Now, the programming errors cause a synchronous exception to be thrown (from PerformWorkAsync) before calling the async method that leverages the async and await features. This idiom is also easier to express using local functions:
public static Task < int > PerformWorkAsync( int value) {
if (value < 0)
throw new ArgumentOutOfRangeException ( "value must be non-negative" );
if (value > 100)
throw new ArgumentOutOfRangeException ( "You don't want to delay that long!" );
async Task< int > AsyncPart()
{
await Task.Delay(value * 500);
return value * 500;
}
return AsyncPart();
}
The overall effect is a more clear expression of your design. It's easier to see that a local function is scoped to its containing function. It's easier to see that the local function and its containing method are closely related.
This is just a small way where C# 7 can make it easier to write code that more clearly expresses your design.
Government must explain live anthrax shipment from US military, Senator Nick Xenophon says
Updated
The Federal Government needs to explain how a US military lab was able to send live anthrax to Australia, Senator Nick Xenophon says.
The call for an explanation came after an investigation of a US military facility's mistaken shipments of live anthrax bacteria turned up another live sample, this one from a 2008 batch sent to Australia.
The Pentagon has revealed 24 labs in the United States and one each in Australia and South Korea received suspect anthrax samples.
Analysts say the disclosure suggests the possibility of a broader problem among anthrax samples meant to have been made inactive at the US Army's Dugway Proving Ground in Utah.
Little is known about the sample sent to Australia, including the type of laboratory that received it.
In Adelaide on Saturday, Senator Xenophon said that was "incredibly alarming" and called for an investigation as a "matter of urgency".
"If the Australian Government can put a big effort in terms of quarantine and biosecurity in relation to Johnny Depp's dogs, you think they would pull out all stops," they said.
"Something that can be used a a chemical weapon, a weapon of mass terror ... there needs to be a full explanation from the Government."
Foreign Minister Julie Bishop today said an investigation was underway.
"We are assured by the US military that there is no risk to public health, that there is no risk as a result of this," Ms Bishop said.
Defence said it would conduct tests on the sample to determine if it contained any live spores.
A statement from Defence said the sample was sent to the Defence Science and Technology Organisation, which conducts research into chemical and biological warfare agents.
It said the results of tests will be provided to the Australian Government and the United States.
Investigation 'may take some time'
A US defence official, speaking on condition of anonymity, said the sample was tested after the latest disclosure as part of the ongoing investigation into the handling of anthrax samples.
A spokesperson from the Australian Department of Agriculture said the allegations were being assessed and an investigation undertaken to determine the circumstances of the alleged arrival, including whether it did arrive.
"Given that this relates to a potential import from 2008, this may take some time to complete," the spokesperson said.
"The Australian Government is working with the US government in the course of this investigation.
"There is a negligible risk to human health."
Suspected live samples sourced to Dugway have already been traced going to 11 US states and a US air base in South Korea over a period from March 2014 to April 2015 before being discovered this month.
Sorry, this video has expired Video: Ben Knight talks to Weekend Breakfast (ABC News)
The US military says there are no known suspected infections or risks to the general public.
Four US civilians have begun taking preventive measures that usually include the anthrax vaccine, antibiotics or both.
Twenty-two people at the base in South Korea were also given precautionary medical measures although none of them has shown signs of exposure.
The US Centres for Disease Control and Prevention has begun an investigation.
It was unclear how many other samples from Dugway have been tested or what the results of those tests are.
On Thursday, the US army's top general said human error probably was not the cause, saying preliminary information suggested US personnel at Dugway appeared to correctly follow official procedures.
The Pentagon was more cautious on Friday.
"There is an ongoing investigation and we need to let this develop," Pentagon spokesperson Colonel Steve Warren said.
ABC/Reuters
Topics: defence-and-national-security, defence-forces, health, australia
First posted
BERLIN (Reuters) - Police on Tuesday arrested an armed 31-year-old German man who boasted during a sting operation that they had supplied the Glock 17 pistol used by a gunman who killed nine people in Munich on July 22, the Frankfurt state prosecutor said in a statement.
A box of guns, which belonged to a man who was arrested, is pictured during a news conference at the customs investigation office in Frankfurt, Germany, August 17, 2016. REUTERS/Ralph Orlowski
Authorities arrested the man, who was not named, in Marburg, about 100 km (65 miles) north of Frankfurt, after contacting them on the so-called “dark net” and posing as buyers for an automatic weapon and another Glock 17 pistol for 8,000 euros ($9,021), it said.
The man's claims were supported by evidence gathered by the Munich prosecutor's office and Bavarian state police, the statement said.
“There is the strong suspicion that the 31-year-old man sold the Glock 17 used in the Munich shooting to the 18-year-old German-Iranian shortly before the attacks,” the Bavarian state police said in a separate statement.
The Frankfurt prosecutor's office said the suspect was identified during unrelated investigations into illegal weapons purchases by a 62-year-old accountant from the state of North Rhine-Westphalia and a 17-year-old student from the state of Hesse.
During the course of a subsequent sting operation, the suspect said they had sold the 18-year-old Iranian-German the Glock 17 pistol during a meeting in Marburg on May 20, followed by 350 rounds of ammunition during a second meeting on July 18, according to the statement. The gunman then went on to kill nine people in Munich, then shoot himself.
Evidence gathered from the gunman's home and various social media messages indicated that they had taken a bus to Marburg from their home in Munich in May to buy the weapon, and again in July to buy the ammunition, the Bavarian police statement said.
It said a 65-person task force investigating the Munich shooting was continuing to review 3,100 tips and pieces of evidence, and had already interviewed 250 witnesses.
To date, there was no new evidence indicating that any other parties were involved in planning or executing the shooting, the Bavarian police said.
“The successful investigation proves once again that there is no complete anonymity on the Internet and no comprehensive protection against prosecution. This is also true for the so-called ‘dark net,'” the Frankfurt prosecutor's office said.
Alexander Badle, spokesperson for the prosecutor's office, said the 17-year-old student was a German citizen and there was no evidence that they were planning a Munich-style shooting attack, despite the “quite concerning” amount of weapons they had amassed.
Nor was there any evidence thus far of any specific political, religious or ideological motivation for their actions, Badle said. They said the youth was facing charges for violating Germany's strict weapons laws, but had been released for now.
The 62-year-old accountant had also been released.
($1 = 0.8868 euros)
Nor are the remaining stocks an obvious proxy for the health of the American economy. Innovative American companies like Apple and Google may be worth hundreds of billions of dollars, but most of them don't pay dividends or employ many Americans, and their shares are essentially speculative investments for people making a bet on how we're going to live in the future.
Put another way, as the number of initial public offerings steadily declines, the stock market is becoming little more than a place for speculators and algorithms to compete over who can trade their way to the most money.
What the market is not doing so well is its core public function: allocating capital efficiently. Apple, for instance, is hugely profitable and sits on an enormous pile of cash; it is thus very unlikely to use its highly rated stock to pay for any acquisitions. It hasn't used the stock market to raise money since 1981, and there's a good bet it never will again.
Newsletter Sign Up Continue reading the main story Please verify you're not a robot by clicking the box. Invalid email address. Please re-enter. You must select a newsletter to subscribe to. Sign Up You will receive emails containing news content , updates and promotions from The New York Times. You may opt out at any time. You agree to receive occasional updates and special offers for The New York Times's products and services. Thank you for subscribing. An error has occurred. Please try again later. View all New York Times newsletters.
Meanwhile, the companies in which people most want to invest, technology stars like Facebook and Twitter, are managing to avoid the public markets entirely by raising hundreds of millions or even billions of dollars privately. You and I can't buy into these companies; only very select institutions and well-connected individuals can. And companies prefer it that way.
A private company's stock isn't affected by the unpredictable waves of the stock market as a whole. Its chief executive can concentrate on running the company rather than answering endless questions from investors, analysts and the press.
There's much less pressure to meet quarterly earnings targets. When the stock does trade, the deals can be negotiated quietly, in private markets, rather than fall victim to short-term speculation from the high-frequency traders who populate public markets. And companies love how private markets allow them to avoid much of the regulatory burden of being public.
That burden comes largely from the Securities and Exchange Commission, which was created in the wake of the 1929 stock-market crash to protect small investors. But if the move to private markets continues, small investors aren't going to need much protection any more: they'll be able to invest in only a relative handful of companies anyway.
Only the biggest and oldest companies are happy being listed on public markets today. As a result, the stock market as a whole increasingly fails to reflect the vibrancy and heterogeneity of the broader economy. To invest in younger, smaller companies, you increasingly need to be a member of the ultra-rich elite.
At risk, then, is the shareholder democracy that America forged, slowly, over the past 50 years. Civilians, rather than plutocrats, controlled corporate America, and that relationship improved standards of living and usually kept the worst of corporate abuses in check. With America Inc. owned by its citizens, the success of American business translated into large gains in the stock portfolios of anybody who put their savings in the market over most of the postwar period.
Advertisement Continue reading the main story
Today, however, stock markets, once the bedrock of American capitalism, are slowly becoming a noisy sideshow that churns out increasingly meager returns. The show still gets lots of attention, but the real business of the global economy is inexorably leaving the stock market — and the vast majority of us — behind.
Brad Friedel says they are excited about Tottenham's future after meeting new manager Mauricio Pochettino.
Pochettino quit Southampton to take charge at White Hart Lane last month, and Friedel says they have already been won over by the Argentine.
The veteran American goalkeeper has signed a one-year contract extension with the London club and, speaking about their new boss, they told the Alan Brazil Sports Breakfast: “He is a very nice guy, very impressive.
“I met the rest of the staff [as well] and they seem a very tight-knit unit. I was well impressed with everything I heard.
“Tottenham have obviously chosen them because of their Premier League experience and for the attacking football they had Southampton playing.
“A lot of us were saying that over the last 18 months Southampton were one of the hardest teams to play against and that is obviously a lot down to him. I'm very excited to start [working under him].”
The story of Baldur's Gate: Enhanced Edition was a good one. A classic, fan-adored title got a new lease on life, and on new platforms, too. The developer at the helm, Beamdog, was riding high, well on its way to bringing an updated version of the sequel to market in the same way. Then, last week, something went wrong.
Beamdog suddenly removed the game from its own site and the App Store citing a legal issue with a publishing partner. While CEO Trent Oster told us that there's not much more they can say on the matter, they did reveal that it was at the request of Atari's legal team that the actions were taken.
"At the request of Atari legal we removed the game from sale on Beamdog and the App stores," Oster explained. "Atari is still selling the game through their channels. We're trying to remedy the situation and I'm hopeful we can come to an arrangement."
Teases for the enhanced version of Baldur's Gate started in 2012, and it was during GDC that Oster disclosed meetings with Wizards of the Coast (which holds the Dungeons & Dragons license) and Atari (owners of the Baldur's Gate titles). Typically licensing and legal issues crop up before a game hits the market (and not six months later), and our understanding is that with Baldur's Gate II: Enhanced Edition well underway, sales of the first title's re-release were satisfactory.
Oster recently stated that continued work on Baldur's Gate, including patches for those that have already purchased the title, is up in the air. Of course, if these issues don't get ironed out, our hopes for a Baldur's Gate III might be stamped out for good.
We've reached out to Atari for comment and clarification on the legal issues plaguing Baldur's Gate.
Image caption The reconstruction gives a vivid impression of a Stone Age hunter
Oetzi the Iceman has reappeared looking fighting fit - as a new model on show in the Italian Alps, where they died from an arrow wound some 5,300 years ago.
In 1991 a German couple found Oetzi's mummified corpse embedded in a glacier, in a high mountain pass.
Using 3D images of the corpse and forensic technology two Dutch experts - Alfons and Adrie Kennis - created a new Oetzi model. They gave them brown eyes.
The model is on show at the South Tyrol Museum of Archaeology in Bolzano.
The museum is celebrating the 20th anniversary of the Iceman discovery - a find which became an international sensation.
Oetzi was found still wearing goatskin leggings and a grass cape, and their copper-headed axe and a quiver full of arrows were lying nearby.
They were named after the Oetz Valley, on the Italy-Austria border, where they were found.
Researchers say Oetzi was about 159cm tall (5ft, 2.5in), 46 years old, arthritic and infested with whipworm.
little-brown-bat-white-nose-syndrome.jpg
Photo Courtesy of Marvin Moriarty | United States Federal Wildlife Service
Little brown bat; fungus on wing membrane, October 2008, New York.
LANSING, MI -- A deadly bat fungus spreading across the United States has been identified for the first time in Michigan, the Department of Natural Resources confirmed Thursday, warning that the fungus could dramatically reduce the state's bat population and have a ripple effect on the agricultural industry.
A little brown bat collected in Dickinson County has been diagnosed with white-nose Syndrome by Michigan State University and confirmed by the U.S. Geological Survey's National Wildlife Health Center in Wisconsin.
MSU also diagnosed four other bats from Mackinac and Alpena counties but the state is awaiting confirmation from the federal testing center.
White-nose syndrome, first documented in New York State in 2006, effects hibernating bat species. It causes skin lesions that can disrupt hibernation patters, leading bats to burn fat reserves that would otherwise help them survive winters without food.
The disease had previously been identified in five Canadian provinces and 27 states, including Iowa and Minnesota. It has led to wide-spread bat deaths in several areas, often within a matter of years.
"Michigan was in some sense completely surrounded by the disease going into this year," Dr. Dan O'Brien, a DNR wildlife veterinarian, told reporters on a conference call. "We anticipated this day would come. It's not unexpected, but it's still a sad day."
Only one species -- little brown bats -- have been found to carry white-nose syndrome so far in Michigan, but officials say that four other species of hibernating bats are also susceptible to the disease. Most spend winters in abandoned mines and caves in the Upper Peninsula and northern lower Michigan.
"We know of approximately 300,000 (bats) that hibernate in underground locations within the state," said Allen Kurta, a researcher from Eastern Michigan University who collected the diseased bats earlier this year during routine habitat surveillance.
"Based on what occurred in the east, we can predict up to 90 percent of those may die in the next three to five years."
While white-nose syndrome is not known to harm humans, a dramatic bat die-off could have a ripple effect, leading to more mosquito bites for Michiganders and the loss of a natural pesticide service for farmers.
That's because bats survive on a steady diet of insects during warmer months -- "lots and lots of insects," according to Bill Scullen, a DNR wildlife biologist.
As of 2012, The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Services estimated that roughly 6.7 million bats had contracted white-nose syndrome nationally. Had they not died, those bats would have consumed an estimated 1,320 metric tons of insects.
Some of those insects, such as gypsy moths, are known to cause crop damage. A 2011 study published in the Journal of Science estimated that bats provide Michigan farmers with a natural pesticide service worth hundreds of millions of dollars. Nationally, they provide multi-billion dollar savings.
"They consume very few mosquitoes, probably less than five percent of their diet, but nonetheless it will have a direct impact on humans," said Scullen. "There's probably going to be more of a direct impact on humans more so through the species of insects that have a big impact on agriculture and forest health. Bats are the primary vectors for controlling those insects."
Michigan officials knew the disease was coming, but they cannot stop it. There is no effective treatment for white-nose syndrome. The DNR has blocked off a number of caves and mines known to house hibernating bats in order to keep out humans and prevent them from spreading the fungus that causes the disease in bats.
White-nose syndrome is not harmful to humans, but the DNR and Michigan Department of Community Health continue to warn the public about handling bats because they can carry rabies. The U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service is asking spelunkers to avoid caves in Michigan and other states where white-nose syndrome has been confirmed.
Bat die-offs can be reported through an observation report on the DNR website at www.michigan.gov/wildlife or by calling the DNR at 517-336-5030. More information on white-nose syndrome is available at the DNR website www.michigan.gov/wns.
Jonathan Oosting is a Capitol reporter for MLive Media Group. Email him, find them on Facebook or follow them on Twitter.
West Deptford K-9, Judge, given a hero's farewell
WOOLWICH TWP. — It was a hero's farewell, attended by lots of police officers, as is traditional when a law enforcement professional has died.
In Friday's case, however, it was a farewell for Judge, a retired West Deptford Township police dog.
Thirty or more police officers and about a dozen K-9 officers and their partners went to the Swedesboro Animal Hospital St. Francis Veterinary Clinic on Kings Highway in Woolwich Township to say goodbye to Judge.
The 9-year-old's physical ailments had elicited an amazing show of support in November, when more than $13,000 was raised in one day to help pay for the German Shepherd dog's mountain of medical bills.
Judge started their career with Cpl, Mike Franks in 2007. The dog was deployed more than 280 times, in cases such as drug detection, tracking, and apprehension. Judge's work aided in the arrest of 152 people, the seizure of three vehicles, the removal of three handguns from the streets, drug seizures, and the confiscation of more than $47,000 in cash, said police.
The dog also had numerous interactions with children and residents during demonstrations and public events.
Judge was forced to retire in August 2013 because of issues with their teeth.
In June, Judge stared having health issues, including vomiting, hair loss and bloating. They were diagnosed with Cushings Disease and was given medication to control the disease.
In September, Judge started having nose bleeds. A specialist failed to find the cause of the new symptoms.
On Nov. 7, Judge again started vomiting and showed signs of weakness, Veterinarians found several large masses on the dog's liver and testicles, along with an intestinal blockage.
The dog was sent to the University of Pennsylvania Veterinary Hospital and the blockage and large masses were removed and biopsied.
Township coverage for the dog's medical expenses is a maximum of $300 a year, but Judge's medical bills are now in excess of $10,000.
Judge lived with Franks and their family and was a loved member of the household.
Set up on Wednesday, Nov. 12., the fund-raising project had reached $9,245 by about 8:30 p.m. a day later and, overnight Thursday, passed and exceeded the goal. Friday morning, it had raised $12,070, including a $2,500 donation from Cornell & Co., according to Sgt. John Chambers, who set up the GoFundMe page.
Donations came from 121 people, according to the website.
The police also received an offer for free medical care for Judge from St. Francis Veterinary Hospital, said Chambers.
Now, Franks said, Judge's liver had become enlarged, crowding the animal's stomach. This meant Judge was unable to eat. The Cushings Disease had become too much for Judge to handle, said Franks. A medical decision was made Thursday to euthanize the dog.
Franks said they knew Judge would be able to walk into the hospital once he'd taken a bite grip on a training “sleeve.” This was like a toy, or reward, for Judge. Several K-9 cops smiled and remarked that they knew Judge would be strong enough to walk in.
One surprise was the double line of vets and vet technicians just inside the door. One woman sobbed.
“They've been just great,” said Franks when it was all over.
By MICHAEL ALLEN (@MikeAllenW)
´*•.¸(*•.¸♥ !It's My BIRTHDAY, Betches! ♥¸.•*´)¸.•*´
By Vladimir Putin, 7 October, 2014
OMG! I can't believe it's been like a WHOLE YEAR. Thanks for coming to my party everyone. I'm like, so old now. Haha, stop laughing, right? It's not funny. Whatevs, I'm obvi the hottest freely-elected president EVAR.
Oh, except for maybe like, that Modi guy. I'm so not jealous. Their beard like isn't even that great. Like, what are they even doing with it. He's hot I guess. F*** Modi.
WOOOOOOOOOOOO!!! SHOTS!
Hold on. I just wanna say screw those G7 guys. Like, I so wasn't inviting them anyway. They think they're so cool because they like, kicked me out of their stupid club for violating a neighboring nation's territorial sovereignty or whatever? #YOLO. They all just suck, and like, we're not even frenemies anymore. They wanna impose economic sanctions one me, and I'm just like GTFO. I don't need the ability to raise long-term EU loans, import dual-use military equipment, or purchase oil industry technologies. I'm 62 now. Uuuummm, I can impose poultry sanctions on myself, haters.
I am so f***ing drunk right now.
Guys, we should totally go to Sochi tonight ‘cause I hear there's like nobody there, and we can do whatever—we—want. The cover is only $51 billion. I'm totally gonna like, go fishing with my shirt off or like, ride a horse topless, or maybe go hunting without a shirt. Ok, haha, I just REALLY wanna take my clothes off right now. I know! I'm such a skank!
Oh-My-God Obama is texting me. I swear, that guy is so desperate, and like, nice guys make me vomit. Have you SEEN their Democracy? Ratchet.
NATO is so lame guys… right? HEY GUYS! Do you know I'm like a 6th degree black belt in Judo, and I was like, in the KGB for 16 years. I'm hundo-p serious. Will you shut up for one second puh-leez? Guys… GUYS!?
I just… *sniff*… I just don't get why everyone's so mad at me for legally annexing the Autonomous Republic of Crimea considering over half of the population self reports as ethnically Russian, and over 70 percent speak Russian as their native language. Furthermore, Crimea was transferred from Russian Soviet Federative Socialist Republic to the Ukrainian SSR in 1954, which, while often described as a “symbolic gesture,” I prefer to think of as just one of Khrushchev's many conciliatory caprices. As a matter of regional security, it is also imperative that we restore the rule of law, peace, and order while containing the threat of Ukrainian Fascists who even now are promoting Western drug culture, sexual deviancy, and color revolution. Above all, we must recognize and respect the right of the Crimean people, as is the right of all people, to self-determination.
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
It's like whatever, I don't have to explain myself. Is that Snowden again? He's such a climber. Ignore him.
#SorryNotSorry, but I can't keep tabs on EVERYTHING. I don't have that many political assistants. I'm not effing spoiled. Uhhhggggg, Medvedev! Get that cake away from me. Do you WANT me to throw up? Berlusconi. Eeewww. I can't believe I have swim practice tomorrow morning. STFU. I can cry if I want… it's MY birthday.
But seriously guys, I'm like so much more mature than I was last year. I know this time… I'm totally gonna restore Russia to its rightful glory. I might even like, grow a mustache or something… OK?
Спасибо за внимание… BETCHES.
Page 1A
Utilities ante up in climate debate
Spending surges 30% for lobbyists on issue
WASHINGTON — Fifty of the nation's largest electric utilities amped up spending on lobbyists by 30% late last year to influence the debate in Congress just underway on one of the biggest issues facing lawmakers: climate change.
From Duke Energy, with 4 million customers, to American Electric Power (AEP), which sells energy in 11 states, the companies spent a total $51 million in the last six months of 2008, $12 million more than the same period in 2007, a USA TODAY review of lobbying reports shows.
"It's what industry does with legislation. They make it better for their bottom line," said John Coequyt of the Sierra Club, an environmental group.
Buoyed by President Obama's support, House Democrats want a "cap-and-trade" system requiring utilities to cut carbon emissions 20% by 2020 from 2005 levels or buy credits from lesser-polluting firms to offset emissions above the limit. Critics, including House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio, say those costs will fall to consumers.
Climate change has become a boon to lobbyists on all sides of the issue, despite Obama's attempt to lessen the influence of special interests. A Center for Public Integrity analysis shows interest groups involved with climate change hired 2,430 lobbyists in the past year, up 300% from five years ago.
Work on the legislation began last October when Rep. John Dingell, D-Mich., introduced a similar cap-and-trade bill. Momentum increased after Obama's election, and in March, two Democrats introduced the current "discussion draft" bill.
Some utilities, including AEP, say they support cap-and-trade but want to shape how it will work. A key question is whether the government will initially sell emission credits or distribute some free.
Mike Morris, AEP's CEO, called the proposal a good start but said unresolved details may determine how many electric bills will go up. The company's lobbying increased to $8.4 million in the second half of 2008, up from $1.4 million in 2007.
"It has everything to do with our customers," said Morris, who said much of the increase was due to issues other than climate change. "It has a direct and immediate effect on my customers."
Duke's lobbying jumped 57% to $3.4 million in 2008, lobbying reports show. Spokesman Thomas Williams said the company reported lobbying differently in 2008, throwing off the comparison.
Environmental groups increased lobbying, too, including the Sierra Club, whose expenses nearly doubled to $450,000 over the same period.
The NRx is gradually coalescing, making more personal contacts “IRL”, in public and private forums. The NRx, is, to an extent, becoming coherent.
Something that will be useful moving forward is not necessarily The Official Neoreactionary Position® on political or social questions so much as an increasing sense of tribal feeling. In the future I'll cover how ritual and initiation could fit in with this good. For today, let us touch on the tribal history of the NRx.
(As inspired by this post from Mountain Guerilla):
You see, one of the characteristics that defines a tribe, both anthropologically and practically, is a shared history, whether real or mythic. This history may be ancestral. Generally, all members of a kin-group tribe will be able to trace their ancestry back to a common individual, but often—thanks to the phenomena of intermarriage and adoption in tribal societies, those ancestral bonds are as likely to be mythic as they are to be connected by DNA. In sodalities, like guilds and war-band type tribes of course, it's almost a given that the shared ancestry of the tribe—the nucleus that makes them a tribe, their “mutual exclusivity,” is going to be more mythic than real. That's okay. Why is that okay? I mean, isn't that a lie? Let's back up, for just a moment, and look again at what defines a tribe. A tribe is a social unit that possesses something that defines the group's boundaries, but also that separates it from the rest of humanity. It's the “us vs. them” that Jack Donovan discusses in their writing. I refer to it as “mutual exclusivity.” It's that je ne sais quoi that defines the boundaries of “our” group from others. It doesn't need to be real, as long as it's real to the group. That mutual exclusivity, typically, can be defined as the shared history, ancestry, values, traditions, and customs, of the people of the tribe. Some may be shared with other tribes, but the specifics of how OUR tribe recognizes or exercises them is different enough that it separates us from them. In pre-Christianization Europe, for one example, pretty much all tribes that are now recognized as having belonged to the Germanic linguistic group—the Cherusci, the Allemani, the Marcomanni, the Franks, Angles, Saxons, and Jutes; the Vandals and Gepids, Ostrogoths, Visigoths, Burgundians, and Lombards, were “Germanic.” Their languages were all connected. Their cultures shared similarities, but their cultures were not identical. They were separate tribes, even as they shared common cultural characteristics. Today however, we're going to discuss one particular characteristic of tribalism and neo-tribalism, the immense value of the shared mythic ancestry of a tribe. In what can be defined as an “intentional tribe,” such as a guild or war-band type association historically, or in our post-modern context, the intentional grouping of like-minded families for mutual assistance, where shared ancestry is not—and almost cannot—be certain, the mythic ancestry, and the lessons that can be gained from claiming a shared mythic ancestry cannot be overemphasized. An example of this can be seen in the military, with the adoption of unit lineages. The United States Army says the following about the lineage of the Ranger Regiment: “The U.S. Army Ranger history predates the Revolutionary War.” Now, BY DEFINITION, nothing of the United States can predate the Revolution. So, by citing Majors Church and Rogers, fighting for the British, in the French and Indian War—especially considering Major Rogers' later loyalties—as ancestral figures for the U.S. Army's Rangers, is the very definition of a mythic ancestry for the unit. That doesn't, however, change the fact that the exploits of Rogers' Rangers, for one, have long served as a catalyst for awesome achievements by members of the unit.
The Mythic Ancestry of the Neoreaction
Let's consider what “mythic ancestry” we might consciously choose. Our first thought is naturally Unqualified Reservations (UR) and Mencius Moldbug.
It is certainly a lovely coincidence that “UR” pronounced as a word sounds like the birthplace of Abraham, which would surely be a suitable beginning of our mythic ancestry, but we'll consider that line “taken.” Neoreaction is not exactly a of new Judeo-Christian-Muslim cult, after all.
If I recall correctly, my own exposure to Moldbug began when I ran across this reference by Arnold Kling back in ought-nine – just about six years ago to the day. I also recall immediately blowing a couple or four work hours delving in to the UR archives. I admit I've never really been the same, since.
Moldbug and their oeuvre itself is, however, too recent and too passivist to make a functional mythic ancestry. They only began UR, as such, on April 23, 2007. Their heroes and mentors are mostly gentlemen of the 19th and prior centuries, which is promising, but generally writers and thinkers rather than men of action. The collected works of Carlyle, for instance, are extremely important and influential in our community, but building a mythos upon writings just doesn't work for me. Moldbug seems to have a healthy respect for the Cavaliers, and they were men of action, of glorious battle and brave deeds…but they lost.
28 June, 1098
I believe that we ought to consider the beginning of the beginning of the NRx as…28 June, 1098.
The Battle of Antioch.
A diverse group of the men of the West, starving, depleted, surrounded by Muslims; in other words, London a few years from now:
On Monday, 28 June, the crusaders emerged from the city gate, with Raymond of Aguilers carrying the Holy Lance before them. Kerbogha hesitated against their generals' pleadings, hoping to attack them all at once rather than one division at a time, but they underestimated their size. They pretended to retreat to draw the crusaders to rougher terrain, while their archers continuously pelted the advancing crusaders with arrows. A detachment was dispatched to the crusader left wing, which was not protected by the river, but Bohemond quickly formed a seventh division and beat them back. The Turks were inflicting many casualties, including Adhemar's standard-bearer, and Kerbogha set fire to the grass between their position and the crusaders, but this did not deter them: they had visions of three saints riding along with them: St. George , St. Demetrius , and St. Maurice . The battle was brief and disastrous for the Turks. Duqaq deserted Kerbogha and this desertion reduced the great numerical advantage the Muslim army had over its Christian opponents. Soon the defeated Muslim troops were in panicked retreat.
I see the basis, the beginning, of a tribal myth here. The First Crusaders were the Neoreactionaries of their time. They just didn't know it! I find this no more of a stretch than the U.S. Army claiming soldiers of The Crown as their own.
Following up on events after AD 1098, as above, I'm game to claim the Cavaliers as part of our Glorious Adopted History. Before and after that, fully open to suggestions!
Advertisements
IPCC says Bedfordshire officers could face criminal charges over arrest of Julian Cole, injured and left paralysed after night out
Five police officers may face action following the arrest of a university student who was left with a broken neck and in a vegetative state, the police watchdog has said.
The officers, from Bedfordshire police, are to be referred to the Crown Prosecution Service over whether they should face criminal charges, the Independent Police Complaints Commission said on Thursday.
An investigation by the police watchdog has also decided that they could have a case to answer for discipline charges of gross misconduct.
The case concerns Julian Cole, who suffered a severed spinal cord after a night out in Bedford in May 2013. Cole, then 20, was arrested by police outside a Bedford nightclub and carried to a police van.
The IPCC investigated six officers in total; it has decided that five may face gross misconduct disciplinary charges for failing in their responsibilities and duties.
Facebook Twitter Pinterest Julian Cole before the incident. Photograph: Family collect
The IPCC also says that four officers it investigated might have a case to answer for “honesty and integrity” concerning accounts they gave, and that one officer could face a misconduct charge for use of force. One officer the IPCC investigated will face no action.
The officers are understood to have denied any wrongdoing. The IPCC believes they should be suspended; the police force say four remain on active duties and one has retired.
Cole's case was first reported by the Guardian. Their mother, Claudia Cole, said: “Following that night, they have been left paralysed and in a vegetative state and they will need 24-hour care for as long as they live. Julian is still alive, but it cannot be said that they are really living. This year Julian was supposed to be graduating from Bedfordshire University with a degree in sports science, but they never got a chance to do that. Julian had big dreams, big ambitions, and all of those are dashed. We miss them so much every day.”
The family claim they were misled about details of the case after the incident. They say one officer told them Cole was talking after their arrest, but this would have been impossible with a severed spinal cord. Another allegedly said Cole was drunk. They had consumed alcohol, but tests showed they were under the drink-drive limit.
Claudia Cole added: “It has been the hardest three years waiting for the IPCC investigation to conclude. We want to see the report and all the evidence to learn the full truth of what happened. We also want to see justice for Julian – it will not bring them back, but we hope the CPS makes a swift decision on criminal prosecutions against the officers.”
The incident happened when Cole returned to Elements nightclub in Bedford to request a refund after they and friends were asked to leave. CCTV captured some of the incident, but not the moment when Cole apparently lost consciousness. They reappeared on CCTV handcuffed and being carried by officers into a police van.
They were arrested shortly after 1.30am and taken to a police station. At 2.08am an ambulance arrived and Cole was assessed as being in a coma. By 2.18am they had gone into cardiac arrest and had to be resuscitated.
The IPCC deputy chair, Sarah Green, said: “This has been a complex and lengthy investigation involving examination of over 900 documents, interviews with witnesses, a number of medical expert opinions, CCTV trawls and forensic analysis. We are now satisfied we have gathered all the available evidence to enable the Crown Prosecution Service to determine whether or not charges should follow. We have kept Mr Cole's family and Bedfordshire police updated on our progress.”
A referral to the CPS is made when an IPCC investigation indicates that a criminal offence might have been committed. It does not mean that criminal charges will necessarily follow. The CPS will decide whether charges should be brought, based on the test set out in the code for crown prosecutors.
Cole was arrested by police on suspicion of a public order offence, which was dropped because of the injuries they suffered.
For all the attention on battleground polls giving Hillary Clinton the edge, Donald Trump enjoys at least one electoral advantage in their uphill climb to the White House: Republicans are outpacing Democrats in registering new voters in key states.
A review of registration figures shows that in the swing states that sign up voters by party, Republicans are seeing a significantly bigger boost since 2012. In states like Florida and Pennsylvania, the party has added tens of thousands of voters to the rolls at a time when Democrats have seen their base shrink.
“The numbers [in those states] … are a huge shift from what we've seen in 2012,” Republican National Committee spokesperson Lindsay Walters said.
The surge doesn't change the fact that Clinton leads, if only by a thin margin, in most battleground state polls, which presumably reflect the current voter make-up.
Fox News ratings show Clinton maintains the advantage in the Electoral College, while a Washington Post survey this week of registered voters in all 50 states reflects a similar dynamic. And in big swing states ranging from Florida to North Carolina to Pennsylvania, there are still more registered Democrats than Republicans.
But the registration shift since 2012 suggests Trump will enjoy a stronger base of GOP voters in some states than did Mitt Romney four years ago.
In Florida, numbers from the secretary of state show Republicans gained 162,000 voters since 2012; Democrats lost nearly 137,000.
In Pennsylvania, Republicans gained 40,000 voters; Democrats lost 178,000.
And in North Carolina, both parties lost members as the number of unaffiliated voters rose. But Democrats lost far more than Republicans in the last four years.
Not all states register voters by party, but a review of eight states that do – Arizona, Colorado, Florida, Iowa, Nevada, New Hampshire, North Carolina and Pennsylvania – showed Democrats since 2012 signed up more than Republicans only in Arizona and Colorado.
Changes in registration can be driven by a range of factors: Young voters coming of age and registering; voters switching parties, voters moving from state to state; and adults registering for the first time.
An RNC official involved in registration efforts told FoxNews.com the bulk of the changes reflect new sign-ups. The official said the party has been putting more emphasis on registration “than at any time since 2004.”
Staffers are going to fairs, churches and door-to-door – and especially Trump/Pence rallies with that goal in mind.
“We're walking away with a ton of new registrants from those [rallies],” the official said. According to the party, staff and volunteers to date have knocked on millions of doors and registered nearly 725,000 new voters.
The RNC, though, expects Democrats to step up their own registration efforts over the course of the next month as deadlines approach.
For its part, the Clinton campaign launched a major registration effort at the start of the Republican National Convention in July, setting a goal of signing up more than 3 million.
“Since the Democratic National Convention, more than 600,000 phone banks, canvass, or voter registration shifts have been completed,” a Clinton campaign official told FoxNews.com.
The official said the nominee and running mate Tim Kaine, along with other surrogates, will continue hosting voter registration events across the country. Most recently, Clinton held one Thursday in Charlotte, N.C. The campaign is planning to use upcoming events with President Obama and first lady Michelle Obama as opportunities to register more in big swing states. And ahead of the state's Oct. 11 registration deadline, the campaign is launching what it calls a “Campus Day of Action” across Pennsylvania campuses on Saturday to register students.
“Our goal is to make sure every student has their voice heard on Election Day,” Hillary for Pennsylvania Youth Outreach Director Kyron Banks said in a statement.
The RNC also is planning a “National Day of Action” Saturday during which thousands of staff and volunteers will knock on doors in battlegrounds, with registration a major focus.
Fox News' Steve Carlson contributed to this report.
Faced with rising costs, higher minimum wage and increased taxes, another Calgary business owner is considering closing the doors.
Speaking on the Calgary Eyeopener, Atlantic Trap and Gill co-owner Tracy Johnson said this summer could be the last for the popular East Coast-themed pub after 18 years in business.
"I'm taking a hiatus from my salary for the summer and we are going to see what happens," they said.
"We're going to try and cope, we're going to talk to our landlord and come September we'll make a decision whether to close our doors."
Last month, Farm restaurant owner Janice Beaton was forced to close the popular eatery on 17th Avenue S.W.
"It just really got to the point where we just couldn't go on," Beaton told CBC News.
"We were losing money. People are not eating out as much. All of us who have experienced less sales, it's because we have fewer customers, let's face it. And I think people still go out, but they may do so more for special occasions or just less frequently."
Escoba Bistro and Wine Bar owner Darren Hamelin has said they are closing at the end of the month due to increased taxes and costs.
Patrons dance at the Atlantic Trap and Gill. After 18 years, its owner said they may be forced to close due to rising costs and an increasing minimum wage. (Atlantic Trap and Gill)
Higher property taxes translated into a 37 per cent increase in Johnson's rent, which coupled with a higher minimum wage could be the tipping point.
Currently sitting at $11.20 an hour — $10.70 an hour for those who serve liquor — minimum wage is set to rise to $15 by 2018.
Costs being cut
"I have taken a 50 per cent pay cut, my sister, who is a single mom of three, has taken about a 15 per cent pay cut," said Johnson.
"We figured out it's going to be another $2,500 a month if the minimum wage is increased that much, and coupled with our property taxes it's just completely unaffordable for us."
Johnson said they and their sister have taken to serving to help cut costs, while the pub's manager also works behind the bar two nights a week.
"We look for savings on everything from toilet paper to chicken wings and I think we've pretty much run out of things to save money on," they said.
Answers unsatisfactory, says owner
Johnson said they contacted both their area MLA and city councillor and didn't like what they heard back.
"My MLA basically said they have nothing to do with property taxes whatsoever," said Johnson.
A letter to Jonhson on behalf of Calgary-Glenmore MLA Anam Kazim reads in part, "37 per cent is quite a significant hike, so if true what your landlord is saying, this is solely a municipal matter."
"I actually have no idea why the property taxes went up so much because I know our building is not worth as much money as what they're saying it is," said Johnson.
A letter on behalf of Coun. Brian Pincott points out council has asked city staff to compile a range of scenarios from the current 3.2 per cent municipal tax increase to a zero per cent increase and what the effects will be on spending, which is due June 27.
However, t​he city is in the process of phasing out its business tax by consolidating it all into the non-residential property tax.
With files from the Calgary Eyeopener
Buy Photo Jeff Bryant, front left, Mayor Hillary Schieve, and City council members Neoma Jardon, back left, and Oscar Delgado, back, share a laugh as Bryant reads the proclamation making Dec. 31, 2015 Believe in Reno Day during the dedication of trhe BELIEVE art peice in downtown Reno on Dec. 31, 2015. (Photo: Andy Barron/RGJ)Buy Photo
Surrounded by cheerful artists shivering on a frigid New Year's Eve afternoon, Reno Mayor Hillary Schieve dedicated the city's newest piece of public art on Thursday-- the iconic Believe statue.
"Did you know one word can be more powerful than an entire sentence or resolution?" Schieve asked, standing in front of the 12-foot high steel sculpture that is temporarily installed on the public plaza adjacent to the Reno Arch in downtown Reno.
Complementing the theme of the day, Journey's "Don't Stop Believing" blared on speakers before and after Schieve's remarks. RGJ 2015 Citizen of the Year, Jeff Bryant, read the proclamation declaring the day “Believe in Reno Day.”
CLOSE On behalf of Mayor Hillary Schieve, Bryant declared today "Believe in Reno Day" at the dedication of the Believe sculpture in downtown Reno. Anjeanette Damon
"We had a lot of incredible accomplishments (in 2015), but I'm ready to turn the page and make this city even better," they said.
Reno purchased the Believe sculpture for $70,000 from Burning Man artists Jeff Schomberg and Laura Kimpton. It will be permanently erected outside city hall on City Plaza next spring after construction of the Virginia Street Bridge is complete.
Until then, the sculpture will welcome tourists and residents alike who visit the Reno Arch.
CLOSE On behalf of Mayor Hillary Schieve, Bryant declared today "Believe in Reno Day" at the dedication of the Believe sculpture in downtown Reno. Anjeanette Damon
Kimpton said the Believe piece is the first word sculpture they and their partner have sold to a city, joking that their "price has gone up" since Reno bought the piece of art.
Kimpton, who said they are dyslexic, said they understand the power of words, which have always posed a difficulty for them They say the Believe statue is meant to encourage people to have faith in the good.
"It's meant to take away the worry our world is falling into," they said.
For Schieve and other civic leaders, the statute represents the ethos they are striving to create in a city emerging from a difficult recession as "a leader of creativity and innovation."
"As we say goodbye to 2015 and we welcome a new year this is a perfect time to Believe in Reno," City Manager Andrew Clinger said.
The Believe sculpture is one of 170 pieces of work collected by the city since a 1992 ordinance began requiring all new city parks and buildings to have a piece of public art featured on the property. Five of those pieces were first displayed at Burning Man, an annual weeklong gathering in the Black Rock Desert.
Read or Share this story: http://on.rgj.com/1R13WwW
As IE dives, Chrome rises higher
Source: StatCounter Chrome has passed Internet Explorer in browser share according to StatCounter's latest numbers and Firefox's recent downward trend appears to be over. Google's open-source-based Chrome has been steadily gaining share according to StatCounter's logs and, for the week just past, had a 32.76% share. IE on the other hand has been steadily declining since 2009, and in the same week took a 31.94% share.
Firefox, the completely open source browser, seems to have come to the end of its two year decline in the statistics, with it now moving up to 24.57%. Chrome passed Firefox's share in early December 2011 after taking share from both Firefox and IE.
The figures show open source or open-source-based browsers holding over 57% of the browser share. StatCounter is not definitive, but does offer an insight into the trends in the browser market, sampling three million sites around the globe. Looking at figures for The H, the Firefox recovery has yet to kick in, with a 5% drop year on year, but it is still the most popular browser used to read the site. IE's share has dropped, year on year, by nearly 5%, while Chrome is rising rapidly, up 7%.
(djwm)
FRANKFURT -- Daimler's Mercedes-Benz has started series production of an electric version of its B-class minivan.
The B-class Electric Drive will go on sale in the United States this summer followed by Europe later in the year. It will join the Smart ForTwo EV as Daimler's second battery powered vehicle.
The B-class EV will have a driving range of around 200kms (124 miles) before the battery needs to be recharged. The car will accelerate to 100kph (62mph) in 7.9 seconds and have a top speed of 160kph (100 mph).
The model has been developed in partnership with U.S. EV maker Tesla. A Tesla-built, front-mounted electric motor powers the car. The motor produces 174 hp — 8 hp more than the BMW i3.
Tesla's 28.0-kWh lithium-ion battery provides power to the electric motor. It is mounted low in the floor between the front and rear seats. A step in the cabin floor accommodates the battery but barely impedes on space.
Mercedes has yet to release prices for the electric B class. In comments to Automotive News Europe sister publication Automobilwoche, a company spokesperson said Daimler expected “five-figure production” of the electric B class during its life cycle.
The electric B-class is built on the same production line as gasoline, diesel and natural-gas B-classe models in Rastatt, Germany.
Reuters, AutoWeek and Automobilwoche contributed to this report
The Conservative Party is seeking to suspend a court ruling allowing a Pakistani immigrant to wear their niqab while taking the oath of citizenship, while it asks the Supreme Court to hear an appeal. The move thrusts the wearing of Muslim face veils in citizenship ceremonies squarely into the federal election.
"As the Prime Minister has said, most Canadians find it offensive that someone would hide their identity at the very moment where they are committing to join the Canadian family," Denis Lebel, who is Stephen Harper's Quebec lieutenant and a candidate in Lac-Saint-Jean, said in announcing the government's intent to seek a stay of the Federal Court of Appeal ruling in the niqab case. They added that NDP Leader Thomas Mulcair and Liberal Leader Justin Trudeau "owe Canadians an explanation for why they think someone should be able to hide their identity while taking the Oath of Citizenship."
They repeated the government's promise to bring in a new law in the first 100 days of a new Conservative government requiring that faces be uncovered during the taking of the citizenship oath.
Story continues below advertisement
On Tuesday, the Federal Court of Appeal ruled 3-0 that the government's policy banning the wearing of face veils at citizenship ceremonies is illegal. It was an unusual ruling in that the court did not take weeks or months to deliberate, but gave its decision from the bench, after a hearing on the issue. It said it wished to expedite matters so that Zunera Ishaq, who has had permanent-resident status since 2008, can vote in the Oct. 19 election.
The court did not decide the case on the basis of Charter rights, or even on the basis of a Citizenship Act requirement that citizenship judges show respect for religious belief. Instead, it said in brief written reasons issued this week that the rule was illegal because, according to the Citizenship Act, any new rules for the ceremonies need to have been approved by cabinet. But the face-covering rule was merely a policy change initiated by then-immigration minister Jason Kenney in 2011.
The new rule attracted national publicity and Ms. Ishaq became concerned and asked the Federal Court last year to block the rule in their case so they could take the citizenship oath. A Federal Court judge agreed with their position, and did so.
A lawyer for the federal government had conceded during the appeal court hearing that, if the rule was mandatory, it would have been an illegal limit on the citizenship judge's discretion. But it said that citizenship judges still have the freedom to allow face coverings, and that the case was "speculative" – that Ms. Ishaq had no right to bring the case until they went to a citizenship ceremony and a judge required them to remove the face-covering.
The Federal Court of Appeal said the evidence (such as the wording of the government policy) showed, however, that the policy was mandatory. All three judges on the appeal court – Justices Mary Gleason, Wyman Webb and Johanne Trudel – were appointed by the Harper government. (Justice Trudel was even on a list of the government's top six candidates for a 2013 opening on the Supreme Court of Canada.)
The government's chance of succeeding in the appeal is small, according to University of Ottawa law professor Carissima Mathen. "The law is very clear. I would be shocked if the Supreme Court said the minister had the authority to give this directive."
Mr. Trudeau denounced the Conservative government's court action as "completely irresponsible."
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
"The woman at the centre of the court case must still identify themselves before taking the oath of citizenship, so it's not a question of identification, it's a symbolic issue," they said while campaigning in their home town of Montreal. "Canada defends the rights of minorities. We respect people's rights."
Mr. Mulcair, who was campaigning in Regina, said the court decision this week makes it clear that the Conservative government was trying to exercise powers it does not have.
"People have to understand that it is required, for a woman wearing a niqab, to identify themselves by removing their face covering. (Women in niqabs are given an opportunity to remove their veil in a private space in front of a female official.) "We will respect the courts … that are there to protect religious freedoms."
The government has a choice – it can ask for a stay directly from the Supreme Court, or from the Federal Court of Appeal, according to Lorne Waldman, a Toronto lawyer representing Ms. Ishaq. A government source said it will go to the Federal Court of Appeal for the stay. The government also needs to seek permission from the Supreme Court to appeal the ruling.
Mr. Waldman said that while they haven't seen public opinion polls on the issue, "The Canada I grew up in, the Canada that I love, and the Canada that I struggle every day to maintain is a Canada that respects … the rights of individuals to express themselves."
Nik Nanos, the president of Nanos Research, says surveys conducted by their firm suggest Conservative supporters and Quebeckers are less willing than other Canadians to make special accommodations for immigrants and visible minorities.
Story continues below advertisement
By pressing ahead with the appeal to the Supreme Court, the Conservatives are sending out a signal of reassurance to their base, said Mr. Nanos. "They know that their position on this issue resonates with their core vote. So this is not about growth, and it's not about persuading Canadians who are unsure or who are voting for other parties," they said.
"I think they are probably realizing that the numbers aren't going to move until the very end and that they have to focus on holding to what they have currently and this is part of that strategy," they said. "And it's best to do that now rather than later."
With a report from Daniel Leblanc
Tedeschi Food Shops Inc., one of the last remaining locally owned convenience store chains, is being acquired by giant 7-Eleven Inc.
Based in Rockland, Tedeschi has 182 stores in Massachusetts and New Hampshire and reported more than $600 million in revenue.
The chain will become part of 7-Eleven's empire of 10,500 stores in North America alone.
Advertisement
The two companies have considerable overlap. 7-Eleven has 164 stores in the same markets as Tedeschi, but the companies did not say if the purchase would result in any stores being closed.
Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day's most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here
It was also unclear if the Tedeschi name would survive. 7-Eleven did not disclose many details in Monday afternoon's announcement, including the purchase price, and both companies declined to comment further.
7-Eleven, based in Dallas, said the sale is expected to close in mid-2015 and that it intends to extend jobs to Tedeschi employees.
“Tedeschi is a respected brand and this acquisition fits in perfectly with 7-Eleven's growth strategy,” Stan Reynolds, the chief financial officer of 7-Eleven, said in a statement.
7-Eleven is the largest convenience store chain in the United States. Worldwide, the company has more than 55,000 stores in 16 countries and reported more than $84 billion in sales.
Advertisement
In the past few years it has acquired a number of other small, regional convenience chains around the United States.
The sale of Tedeschi is the latest acquisition in the convenience store industry.
Late last year, Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc., of Canada, acquired The Pantry Inc. in a deal valued at $1.7 billion. The Pantry, based in Cary, N.C., operates the Kangaroo Express brand and more than 1,500 stores in 13 states. Couche-Tard operates more than 6,000 convenience stores in North America.
Tedeschi is a family-owned company that began in 1923 when founder Angelo Tedeschi started selling oils, cheeses, and other imported goods from their home on Belmont Street in Rockland. Early on, Angelo and their sons went into the supermarket business, opening their first large store in 1946 and riding the post-war boom to include six grocery stores by 1960.
The family's last Tedeschi Super Market boasted such unusual amenities as shoe and jewelry repair services, a lounge for customers, and a community room with kitchen that it made available for free to local organizations.
Advertisement
But in 1961, the family sold the supermarkets to Stop & Shop, retaining the Tedeschi name. They went back into the grocery store business a few years later, opening Angelo's Supermarket in Holbrook and then in 1972 acquiring the Curtis chain, which included both grocery stores and “compact food stores.” In 1986, the family elected to focus solely on the convenience business, renaming the smaller Curtis stores with the Tedeschi name, with a footprint largely in Southeastern Massachusetts.
The chain grew north and west of Boston in 1996 when it acquired the 64-store Li'l Peach convenience chain, then owned by Stop & Shop. Tedeschi later bulked up its Boston presence in 2002 and bought Store 24 Inc., an 80-store convenience chain in Waltham. The company eventually converted the Li'l Peach and Store 24 outlets to the Tedeschi name.
Angelo Tedeschi's grandson, Peter D. Tedeschi, currently runs the company. Susan Tedeschi, the elder Tedeschi's great-granddaughter, is a Grammy-winning blues artist and member of the Tedeschi Trucks Band.
Cumberland Farms, of Framingham, is the only other large-scale convenience store based in Massachusetts, with almost 600 outlets in eight states.
Taryn Luna can be reached at taryn.luna@globe.com . Follow them on Twitter @TarynLuna
By
Want a $500 lawn mower and do your part to save the environment?
Everyone these days is trying to do their part recycling or driving slower to conserve on gas. With a Neuton CE 6.2 you can completely eliminate a hundred or more pounds of emissions that your gas guzzling mower is pumping out every year. You'll also eliminate half of the noise your current mower produces, and while that's not a huge benefit in your pocket book or to the environment as a whole, it is something your ears and your neighbors will appreciate.
Last month I got the opportunity to try out the brand new Neuton CE 6.2 lawn mower. This is a 19″ wide cut, battery powered, lawn mower able to cut through some of the thickest bermuda grass I could throw at it. While its not meant for the majority of the grasses found in the deep south of the United States the rest of the country can surely take advantage of this latest and greatest mowing technology.
So now that the review is over, I asked the kind people at Neuton Power if I could give it away to one of my readers. They obliged and I am now offering this mower absolutely free (including shipping) to one lucky reader.
Entering the Neuton Mower Giveaway
It's simple! Really Simple. Almost as simple as starting a Neuton mower
All you have to do to enter the contest is leave a comment on this post.
Winning the Neuton Mower
At the end of the month (August 31, 2008) we'll number all the comments and use a random number generator to pick the winner.
Specifics
Only 1 entry per person.
A valid email must be used for notification purposes.
U.S. entries only.
It really is that simple. Leave a comment and win a new lawn mower. Good Luck!
Update: Congratulations Courtney! You've won the Nueton mower.
By of the
Madison — In a return to form, the state Assembly closed out its last regular session day of the year Friday in the wee hours.
At center stage as Thursday slipped into Friday was a bitter debate over creating anti-abortion license plates.
Legislators implied their colleagues were disreputable, questioned their motives, complained they were all acting like schoolchildren and griped about postings on Twitter.
The Assembly mostly avoided late-night votes in 2013 despite a long history of overnight sessions.
But Thursday night the Assembly veered off its new, businesslike course and didn't wrap up its work until just after 2 a.m.
As the night stretched on, decorum fell by the wayside, though the debate was nowhere near as acrimonious as those in 2011 and 2012.
Tensions spilled over Thursday in the way they can only in a legislative body.
Rep. Josh Zepnick (D-Milwaukee) attempted to ask Speaker Robin Vos (R-Rochester) questions, but they declined to answer.
Speaker Pro Tem Tyler August (R-Lake Geneva) admonished Zepnick to refrain from mentioning Vos by name on the floor because of a long-standing tradition of referring to lawmakers by their district numbers.
"You know why I'm not going to refrain?" Zepnick responded. "Because you guys are breaking your word. So I'm going to ask Robin Vos, I'm going to ask (Majority Leader) Bill Kramer, I'm going to ask whoever I damn please to stand up and explain your behavior to the state of Wisconsin — or get out of the way and let somebody else do the job."
August cut off Zepnick's microphone as Zepnick compared legislators to children.
The fight over the anti-abortion license plates capped a marathon session in which Republicans approved measures to reinstate Wisconsin's voter ID law, tighten early voting hours, limit the ability to recall elected officials and restrict access to the site of a proposed iron mine in the North Woods.
As the night wore on, Republicans accused Democrats of wasting time, and their patience expired just after Democrats attempted to take up a resolution to honor the victims of last year's Sandy Hook Elementary School shooting in Connecticut.
That resolution passed the Senate in September with unanimous support, but most Assembly Republicans blocked the measure from passing Thursday.
Just after that move, Republicans said they were abandoning a compromise on how the state would issue specialized license plates and instead advanced a bill creating a "Choose Life" plate that would funnel money to an anti-abortion group.
It passed 54-39 and now goes to the Republican-controlled Senate. Its fate there is uncertain.
Kramer blamed the breakdown in part on a tweet sent by Rep. Chris Taylor (D-Madison) questioning whether Republicans were willing to debate the anti-abortion license plate.
"You've got to be kidding me," Zepnick said when Kramer mentioned the tweet. "Are we in middle school right now?"
Republicans also found themselves exasperated at various stages.
"It's amazing to me how long people can talk without ever getting to a point," Rep. Kathleen Bernier (R-Chippewa Falls) said at one point.
The session was the last regular meeting day of the year, but lawmakers will likely be on the Assembly floor again soon because Gov. Scott Walker announced Thursday they would call a special session.
Twitter: twitter.com/patrickdmarley
When GameSpot fired Jeff Gerstmann soon after their negative review of the heavily-advertised Kane & Lynch, no one in the gaming press was surprised. Now, keep in mind we're not saying that Gerstmann was fired because of the review; they wrote the review, then was fired. The two events may well be unrelated. The fact that the entire GameSpot site looked like a Kane & Lynch advertisement at the time might have been coincidence. CNet, the parent company of GameSpot, released a statement claiming it takes its editorial integrity "very seriously."
The fact that advertisers put pressure on sites and magazines isn't exactly breaking news; companies spend much time and money trying to get the most people to give their games the highest scores. If you as a gaming writer want an exclusive, you had better treat the game nice in the review, thanks. You want that advertising campaign to run on your site? This preview better make the game sound perfect.
While gaming may look like a huge, scary industry from the outside, it can be a surprisingly cozy place once you know that world a bit. It's easy to make enemies, and since public relations staffers change on an almost monthly basis, you never know who is holding a grudge at what company. If you anger one publisher or the wrong PR person, you could find yourself out of luck for information, interviews, or even invitations to trade shows for a long time to come. For sites that need fresh, exclusive news to function, it's the kiss of death. Even without lording advertising dollars over your head, they know how to hurt you.
Of course, publishers also want to help you. Microsoft doesn't send people gigantic bags filled with systems, games, and hardware because they really like you. They want to get products reviewed, and they'd also like you to think of Microsoft as the cool company that gives you free stuff. One gaming company even sent a few members of the gaming press onto a zero-g flight to promote its game. The trip would have cost thousands of dollars if purchased, and one writer who went gushed about how the gaming company made their dreams come true. Again, it's not paying for a review or positive coverage, it's just a very expensive gift. When you hear writers say things like "they cannot thank so-and-so enough" for a gift like that, you know it's a lie. There is a very specific way to thank them. That is why the money was spent.
We're lucky to be largely on the outside of that system; Ars isn't beholden to game companies for advertising dollars (although if you are a game company and would like to advertise with us, we're not going to say no), and we don't run previews of games or accept free tickets or hotel rooms for coverage. We do accept pre-release copies of games if they're sent to us, but we'll pan those games if they deserve it. Heck, we don't even give numerical scores anymore, so no one can pressure us for a higher score.
I know many people who aren't as lucky, and they write knowing that if they annoy the wrong person or their editors think something is too harsh, the words may be smoothed out a little. The score may increase slightly. It's not a matter of selling reviews, nor do editors come out and say that you can't annoy certain people; instead, the data just gets massaged into something that will allow said company to keep buying advertising space on the site without feeling slighted. If you're a site that relies on nothing but gaming advertisements to stay afloat, making enemies could mean a cold winter with nothing but AdSense to keep you warm. That's because readers aren't your customers.
"Do not patronize me by telling me the reader is the customer—your real customer is the one that pays you your revenue," 3DO president Trip Hawkins said in an e-mail to GamePro after one of their games was panned. "And it is game industry advertisers."
One of the most common conversations that occurs when game writers get together to drink (and we all drink, since we mostly hang out at trade shows, and when Sony's pouring, are you going to say no?) is who likes you, who you're on the outs with, who is easy to deal with... the standard issues of working with so much pressure from your sources of review samples and quotes. Pressure is a part of the game, and the good writers, the ones with integrity, know that it's a roller coaster. You annoy some people, but they come back to you in the end. It's a matter of riding it out. You just have to make sure they need you more than you need them.
Game writers at certain sites and gaming magazines get a hunted, terrified look during these conversations, and I've found that writers at mainstream newspapers and magazines enjoy discussing these issues. Publishers need such writers to spread the word about a game to the masses, and they can't threaten to pull advertising, because odds are they don't plan on advertising heavily in these places. When you need someone to keep you in business, they have power over you. There is no simpler concept.
Everyone in the gaming press who writes for a site that relies on gaming advertisements is in the opposite situation. They face obvious pressure to be political with coverage, and the advertisers have some very big carrots to dangle in front of the editorial staff at such places. Nothing is free: not exclusive previews, not first-run screenshots, and certainly not flights into space.
The reason this issue came up at GameSpot was simple: the site allows one company to blanket GameSpot when a new game is released. When one title occupies every ad spot on your site and also features a launch center, trailers, and anything else you can think to sell, the game's makers have too much control over what writers say. After all, at that stage, it's their site. They paid for it, it's covered with their intellectual property, and it's by their graces that you're still in operation. It may very well be that GameSpot let Gerstmann go for reasons not directly connected to the Kane & Lynch review (and in a statement released late last night, the company said that was the case), but the timing of their release raises questions—while providing a disconcerting look into the world of gaming journalism.
NEW YORK – When the original adaptation of Stephen King's book Carrie hit theaters in 1976, it became a horror genre landmark. Nobody ever thought about prom the same way again. Almost four decades later, director Kimberly Peirce is bringing Carrie back to life – and into the present day.
"I didn't take anything from [Brian De Palma]'s movie," Peirce told a packed house at New York Comic Con on Saturday. "This is such a fantastic story and I need to bring it to life, and I need to bring it to life in a modern way."
To do so, she's brought along Chloë Grace Moretz (Kick-Ass) as the eponymous character and Julianne Moore as their controlling freaky mother, Margaret White. They also brought in a crap-ton of blood – some 1,000 gallons of it by their estimation. And in a short teaser shown to the Comic Con audience, Moretz wears it well.
"I just got used to going home every night covered in blood," Moretz, who looked downright hellacious in the teaser shown during the panel, told the crowd.
>"I just got used to going home every night covered in blood." — Chloë Grace Moretz
In 1976, Carrie was famously portrayed by Sissy Spacek, and when asked if they were conscious of that iconic performance while tackling their role, Moretz said they tried to make it their own and avoid comparing every scene to its previous incarnation.
"You have to be confident in what you're doing, otherwise you'll tear yourself apart," they said.
Following an audience question about the recent attention given to bullying amongst young people, Peirce acknowledged that as being one of the factors that figured into their thoroughly modern Carrie, even if it's just how teachers in the film react to Carrie's situation or what happens in social media in the film. "I think perhaps what's been happening in the culture makes the film more relevant," said the director, who scored a critical hit with 1999 drama Boys Don't Cry.
Moore agreed. "We're not making a polemic," they said, adding that King's story was giving them a chance to reflect on the flawed natures of both bullies and the bullied rather than provide an answer.
But if it did, that would be one bloody lesson.
Carrie hits theaters in spring 2013.
Neighborhood support for a plan to build a high-rise on the Nye's Polonaise restaurant site has stalled amid growing concerns over its impact on nearby buildings.
Minneapolis-based developer Schafer Richardson, in partnership with Nye's owners Rob and Tony Jacobs, in December announced they would redevelop the popular restaurant and piano bar just north of downtown.
They quickly won support from the neighborhood association for its 30-story glassy residential and retail tower, including a spendy effort to salvage two of the Nye's structures. But some neighbors, including members of a landmark church, thought the group acted too quickly.
"The pause button has essentially been hit," Barry Clegg, vice president of the Nicollet Island-East Bank Neighborhood Association, said Thursday.
About 85 neighborhood residents appeared at the association's board meeting Wednesday night to discuss two grievances filed against the organization.
The 30-story tower would loom over surrounding historic buildings.
Opponents have also petitioned the City of Minneapolis to conduct an environmental review of the site before the project moves forward. The association agreed to table its approval until that review is conducted, which could last four to five months.
Maureen Michalski, senior project manager for Schafer Richardson, said the company "has a reputation of engaging with communities to work through challenges."
"It's a complex project, and we want to carefully consider the stakeholder interest," they said. "There are so many different groups that are involved that have opinions that we really have to work through that process to come to some consensus."
The grievances were filed in tandem with efforts by Our Lady of Lourdes Catholic Church, which is next door to Nye's, to slow down the process and conduct more due diligence.
About 200 parishioners and neighbors gathered last week for a fundraiser and meeting at the church, which is the oldest continuously operating church in Minneapolis. Prominent parishioners of the church are seeking legal and architectural help to challenge the project.
"Many people have gotten the impression that this development is a done deal," the Rev. Dan Griffith told the packed room. "I think the turnout speaks otherwise."
Leaders of a church committee have two primary concerns: That the tower's height will dwarf the church and that construction activity will damage the 158-year old structure.
"From a development perspective, it needs to be done in a way that is consistent with the historic guidelines that are intended to keep the size of structures in proportion to the historic buildings," said Tom Johnson, a neighborhood resident for 30 years and former Hennepin County Attorney.
Several members of the opposition cite the guidelines for the St. Anthony Falls Historic Area that established a maximum height of just four stories for the area. If there is a significant step back from the street, then it can reach 10 stories. Those guidelines are somewhat flexible, however, and several tall towers already grace the riverfront.
Buildings with the zoning of the Nye's site can seek permission from the City Council to exceed the height restrictions, a process that is not uncommon.
"The neighborhood and the church are very much supportive of seeing this site redeveloped. The real issue is what is appropriate for the site," said Mike Erlandson, who was hired by the church and neighbors to handle public relations.
Former Mayor Al Hofstede is also member of the advisory committee. Other former politicos at the meeting included former City Council members John Derus and Diane Hofstede.
When the nearby Riverplace parking garage was built, it caused $230,000 in structural damage to the church. The scars are visible in the church's basement, where cables run across the ceiling to hold walls in place.
For now, the groups will wait for the City of Minneapolis to decide whether or not to conduct an environmental review.
"If the city doesn't do it, they can sue the city," Clegg said, but they added they believe it is unlikely the city will reject the petition.
The development proposal hasn't entered the formal city process yet. Schafer Richardson said it plans to go to the Planning Commission's Committee of the Whole hearing on April 16 for an informal discussion of the project.
The Nye's Polonaise site, foreground, with Our Lady of Lourdes Catholic Church behind it.
Eric Roper contributed to this report.
Ted S. Warren / AP Marijuana is weighed and packaged for sale at the Northwest Patient Resource Center medical marijuana dispensary Oct. 10, 2012, in Seattle.
The barrage of television ads started in August. In a series of spots airing throughout the state of Washington, marijuana advocates called on voters to approve Initiative 502, which would legalize the recreational use of cannabis for people over 21. The ads' protagonists, however, were not aging hippies or medical-marijuana proponents; they were law-enforcement leaders with frontline experience in the war on drugs. Two were former U.S. Attorneys, and one was the former head of the FBI in Seattle.
The ads underscore the unprecedented support I-502 has garnered among Washington's law enforcement and political elite. Besides the two U.S. Attorneys, Seattle's mayor, the entire city council and both candidates for sheriff of King County (encompassing Seattle) all support the measure, which would allow the state to tax marijuana's production and sale. Virtually all of them cite the failure of the federal government's 40-year drug-war policy — one centered on prohibition — and tout the measure as a way to curtail drug-related crime and cut into drug cartels' mammoth profits.
(MORE: Ballot Initiative of the Day: Will Recreational Marijuana Get the Green Light in Three States?)
“We've tried criminalization. It's an abject failure,” John McKay, who served as U.S. Attorney in Seattle from 2001 to 2007, tells TIME. McKay says Washington is awash in marijuana from gigantic hydroponic operations in lower British Columbia, which the Royal Canadian Mounted Police say are worth roughly $25 billion a year. Most of that cannabis crosses the U.S. border through what used to be McKay's district. “Millions and millions of Americans smoke marijuana, and since it's illegal, they inadvertently fund criminal activity. The way you get the market back is, you make it legal for businesses to compete for it.”
There are growing signs that Washington voters may heed McKay's advice. A poll conducted in September by SurveyUSA showed that 57% of respondents will vote for I-502, while 9% remain undecided. On Election Day, that support should be enough to see I-502 approved, say drug-policy experts, who are also monitoring marijuana-legalization propositions in Oregon and Colorado. The Washington poll coincides with a national survey conducted by Gallup in October showing that 50% of Americans believe marijuana use should be legal.
In Washington, arguments for approving I-502 have centered on the high economic cost of enforcing marijuana laws — and on the measure's massive potential for state coffers. I-502 would place a 25% tax on all marijuana transactions, and the resulting revenue would add up to $1.9 billion within five years, according to the Washington State Office of Financial Management. Fifty percent of that revenue would go to the state's basic health plan, while substance-abuse-prevention programs would receive 15% of revenue.
“Prohibition has absolutely failed,” Seattle City Attorney Peter Holmes tells TIME. Upon election in 2010, Holmes stopped prosecuting misdemeanor marijuana cases, focusing limited law-enforcement resources on violent crime instead. “We need to reorient law-enforcement priorities and say, Let's stop criminalizing adult private conduct as long as it doesn't create a public safety problem.”
(LIST: 10 Reasons to Revisit Marijuana Policy Now)
I-502's DUI provision is credited with amassing the most support, especially among the part of the populace that was both conservative and skeptical. The measure's driving-while-stoned provision would set a maximum intoxication limit of five nanograms of THC (marijuana's active ingredient) in the blood, which is comparable to a 0.08 blood alcohol content, the legal limit in Washington. Experts say the lack of a DUI provision has kept similar marijuana initiatives from winning approval in other states, mostly notably California.
But the DUI detail doesn't sit well with all people. Although there is no organized opposition to I-502, the DUI provision has riled voters who typically favor legalizing marijuana. Medical-marijuana advocates have come out against I-502, arguing that the DUI detail would create a new legal risk for users because THC remains in the blood stream for days, even months, after consumption. They say medical-marijuana users would test positive for THC whether they are impaired or not.
Nevertheless, if I-502 is approved, the measure's most formidable opposition will come from the federal government, which states explicitly that marijuana remains illegal under federal law. Holmes and McKay nonetheless remain cautiously optimistic regarding possible federal action, encouraged by the federal government's tactics in Washington so far. In September, they point out, federal law-enforcement officials sent letters to 23 medical-marijuana dispensaries, warning they would be shut down if found to be within 1,000 ft. (300 m) of a school or playground. That advance warning, as opposed to unannounced raids, is a clear sign of restraint, says Holmes. “If the federal government can be convinced that we can cut cross-border shipments of large quantities of drugs, then I think they might see how we can cooperate, how we can allow this to go forward.”
MORE: What Is President Obama's Problem with Medical Marijuana?
The Agency is a roleplaying game where players take on the roles of sixties secret agents fighting the supernatural.
It's set in a stylised version of sixties Britain; a world of red telephone boxes, London buses, Bentleys, Union Jack waistcoats, velvet jackets, bowler hats, the Beatles, Bobbies, manor houses, eccentrics, Hippies, the Cold War, and miniskirts. All filmed at strange angles and in far too many primary colours.
It should never be considered an accurate portrayal of the period; this is a world where spies can be famous, where an umbrella is a deadly weapon, and where this message will self destruct…
Buy in Print or PDF at RPGNow and Buy in Print at Lulu.com
Featuring:
Eccentric characters with heroic bonuses (and flaws), their own theme music and unexpected gadgets.
Quick and easy game prep and an abstract threat system for easy GMing.
Everything you need to play your own 1960s TV series in style!
Originally published as part of the Nopress Anthology, this new revised edition includes streamlined rules, examples of play, scenarios and advice.
Downloads
Related
Infographic: 3D Printed Robotic Dinosaurs
Researchers at Drexel University are bringing the latest technological advancements in 3-D printing to the study of ancient life. Using scale models of real fossils, for the first time, they will be able to test hypotheses about how dinosaurs and other prehistoric animals moved and lived in their environments.
“Technology in paleontology hasn't changed in about 150 years,” said Drexel paleontologist Dr. Kenneth Lacovara, an associate professor in the College of Arts and Sciences. “We use shovels and pickaxes and burlap and plaster. It hasn't changed -- until right now.”
3-D Printing Technology in Paleontology
Lacovara has begun creating 3-D scans of giant dinosaur bones and other fossils in their lab. The 3-D scan puts a virtual image in a digital workspace that researchers can manipulate and analyze. To bring these scans to life, Lacovara is also teaming up with mechanical engineer Dr. James Tangorra, an assistant professor in Drexel's College of Engineering, to use 3-D printing technology to create and test scale models of fossil bones.
A 3-D printer is a technology for rapid prototyping and manufacturing objects based on a digital design. Common models work by repeatedly extruding extremely thin layers of a resin or other material, building up strata to create a physical object.
“It's kind of like Star Trek technology, where you can press a button and the object pops out,” Lacovara said. A six-inch model of a dinosaur bone can be printed in a few hours using current technology.
Using 3-D printing can aid paleontology in several ways:
To create exact-size replicas for museum display, without the limitation on the number of copies made and materials and storage hassles of traditional casting methods.
To create small-scale models for educational use.
To create small-scale models for modeling and testing hypotheses about the mechanics of how long-extinct animals moved and behaved.
This biologically-derived modeling to test possible movements of extinct species is the major focus of Lacovara and Tangorra's collaboration.
Robotic Models to Test Mechanics of Dinosaur Movement
“We don't know a lot about the way dinosaurs move,” Lacovara said. “How did they stand? How did they ambulate? Did they run or trot? How did they reproduce? It's all a bit mysterious,” especially when it comes to the largest dinosaurs. Paleontologists' current methods of understanding such mechanics rely heavily on guesswork and common sense about what types of movements seem possible. With new technology, researchers can begin testing their predictions for the first time.
Lacovara has been part of scientific teams unearthing some of the largest known giant sauropod dinosaur specimens, including the new species Paralititan stromeri found in Egypt in 2000, which is the second-most-massive known dinosaur species and a new giant from Patagonia. Such giant sauropod dinosaurs could reach weights of 60 to 80 tons, which is 12 to 14 times heavier than a large modern elephant.
When working with enormous dinosaur fossils, Lacovara said, it's simply physically impossible to manipulate the bones to test theories about mechanics and movement. That's why scaled-down replicas that preserve the exact shape and proportion of the bones can help. Researchers can also digitally reshape the models to correct for changes that may have occurred over millions of years of fossilization and compression.
Lacovara and Tangorra will work together to create robotic models of giant sauropod dinosaurs, attaching artificial muscles and tendons to perform comprehensive tests of how the animal's body could have handled physical stresses of the environment.
This work is similar to Tangorra's ongoing work modeling and manufacturing robotic fish. “We extract features from biological species and create software-based or robotic testing systems. It's easier to test a biorobotic system than a biological system,” Tangorra said. This work relies on studies of the fish's movements, biomechanics and fluid mechanics to ensure that the robot reflects the biological system. Tangorra noted that because the dinosaur species they are modeling are extinct, any robotic reconstructions will be more speculative.
Lacovara predicts that they will have a working robotic dinosaur limb constructed by the end of 2012. A complete robotic dinosaur replica will take one to two years to create.
“A Virtual Zoo of Cretaceous New Jersey”
In addition to constructing models of giant dinosaurs, the researchers will make 3-D models of some fossils found closer to home. A fossil dig site in Gloucester County, N.J., has yielded a large number of marine animal fossils from the Cretaceous period, 65 million years ago. Lacovara and their students and collaborators from other institutions continue to excavate the site. Now they will begin producing 3-D models of the turtles, crocodilians, fish and other animals found at that site, for what Lacovara called “a virtual zoo of Cretaceous New Jersey.” A sample of their first reconstruction, of an ancient New Jersey crocodile, can be seen here: http://www.drexel.edu/now/features/archive/2011/November/Evan-Boucher-Dream-Job/
See A Giant Dinosaur Bone and its 3-D Model in Philadelphia
A cast of the giant, 5.5-foot-long humerus bone of the Paralititan dinosaur is on display alongside a 1/10 scale 3-D printed model at the Franklin Institute as part of the Giant Mysterious Dinosaurs exhibit. The Franklin and the Academy of Natural Sciences of Drexel University are offering a “Giant Dinosaur Deal” combination ticket, available at the box offices of both museums through March 18, 2012.
With the arrival of Big Picture mode on Steam and Valve's Debian-based SteamOS, the call for Mini-ITX boxes has exploded as many gamers look for a solution that is more flexible than consoles and more compact than desktops. Having taken notice, case makers including Silverstone are answering that demand.
Unveiled at CES this year, the latest member to Silverstone's Raven family quickly gained recognition for being the ultimate Steam Machine enclosure. Called the Raven Z RVZ01, this gaming chassis is among the best compact designs we've seen for cramming a fully-fledged enthusiast PC into an impressively small space.
Despite weighing just 8.17lbs (3.71kg) with a tiny 14L capacity, the RVZ01 is destined for big things with support for enthusiast gear including a dual-slot GPU that's up to 13" (330mm) long -- technically leaving enough room for the GeForce GTX Titan. Perhaps equally attractive is the RVZ01's asking price of only $85.
This is even more impressive when you compare it to the recently reviewed Xigmatek Nebula, which has a 22L capacity (57% larger than the RVZ01) but is limited to much shorter 175mm dual-slot graphics cards and is currently going for $120. With that kind of advantage on its side, the RVZ01 is off to a great start.
Being a member of the Raven series, the RVZ01 is very aggressive looking and should appeal to gamers, though it's worth noting that Silverstone will release a more sedate version called the ML07. A date hasn't been released on that yet.
Measuring 382mm wide, 105mm tall and 350mm deep, the RVZ01 features a capacity of just 14L and weighs just 3.71kg, making it only slightly bigger than the Xbox One. The case is designed to either stand up like a tower or lay flat like a desktop case. The Raven logo on the front can also be orientated horizontally regardless of whether the case is used as a tower or desktop, which is kind of nice.
The case has a matte black finish, which typically is good for avoiding finger marks. However while the plastic front panel and side are fairly fingerprint resistant, the steel top and bottom panels are extremely prone to gathering fingerprints.
The three plastic panels look very aggressive and feature the same design found on the much larger RV04. For the most part we really like the design and believe it will speak to gamers very well. That said the front mounted blue USB 3.0 ports do spoil the design somewhat, using black USB ports might have been the way to go here.
Along with the USB 3.0 ports Silverstone has colored both 3.5mm audio jacks black along with the power and reset buttons. There is also a slot-in slim optical drive slot if you wish to install an optical drive.
Personally, I did away with optical drives many years ago now, but Silverstone sent its 8X DVDR drive (SST-SOD02) which costs about $75, around 3x more than a standard 5.25" optical drive. Ironically the slot-in slim optical drive costs almost as much as the RVZ01 itself, so we feel most will neglect to purchase it.
If you lay the case flat in a desktop type orientation the left and right sides feature aggressive plastic panels that are ventilated to allow hot air out as Silverstone has gone with a positive air pressure design. Some of the ventilation slots can also be used to install four rubber feet which are provided in the package should you choose to stand the case up like a tower.
Alternatively, when laid flat like a desktop there are different rubber feet that can be used to raise the case about a centimeter off the ground.
Around back, the RVZ01 looks a little unusual featuring nothing more than an I/O slot for the motherboard, a 3-pin power in-put and a pair of expansion brackets that look to be mounted the wrong way (we will explain this soon once we get inside).
Fan grills are on the steel panels that we spoke of earlier in the top and bottom when the chassis is in the desktop position. The top panel features a single 120mm fan grill while underneath there are two. What's great about these fan grills is that they feature external dust filters that snap into place using magnets. Apart from looking good, they are a highly practical way of keeping dust out of the RVZ01 as they can be quickly removed for cleaning without having to take the system apart.
These dust filters are highly effective due to the way the fans inside the RVZ01 are configured. As air going into the case is filtered, the positive pressure means dust cannot get inside through other slots and vents around the case as it is constantly being exhausted though these openings.
YEREVAN, September 30. /ARKA/. Armenian exports to Russia and other members of the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU) have increased 1.7 times since its accession to the Russia-led trade bloc, according to Tatyana Valovaya, a minister of the Eurasian Economic Commission (EEC), the executive body of the EEU, said today.
Speaking about the general performance of the EEU economies, Valovaya noted that some negative trends have been weakening. "We see this, for example, from such indicators as GDP dynamics. According to the first seven months, it reduced by 0.08%, but over the same period of 2015, it had decreased by 3%,' they said.
According to Valovaya, EEU members have overcome the declining trend in industrial production, which has grown by 0.1% in the first seven months of the year.
"We see very positive results in agriculture where the dynamics is positive in all countries without exception," they said.
EEU's members are Russia, Armenia, Belarus, Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan. -0-
15:51 30.09.2016
American Press: Beckham Will Stay At Milan
The David Beckham transfer saga seems to be nearing an end as they are set to remain in Milan, according to local media sources...
David Beckham joined Milan at the commencement of the year, and despite initially signing for the club for a brief two month loan period, they have recently declared their intention to make their move permanent.
In addition to this, the Rossoneri themselves are also keen to keep hold of the former English captain. Consequently, they have been in deep negotiations with Beckham's LA Galaxy side over the past few weeks in order to attempt to reach an agreement to seal their transfer.
Now a local media source, the Los Angeles Times, has published a piece in which a leading writer proposes that Beckham is on their way out of California.
As well as stating the well-known fact that Beckham themselves is itching to leave, writers Robin Abcarian and Grahame L. Jones assert that the Galaxy hierarchy are reluctant, but willing sellers.
"The Galaxy publicly says it is trying to keep him, but privately it already is resigned to losing him," they wrote.
This is great news for all fans of the Rossoneri ahead of their upcoming UEFA Cup clash against Werder Bremen on Thursday night.
However, Galaxy remain adamant - at least publicly - about the fate of Beckham, stating that there are no plans to breach the earlier loan agreement made with the San Siro outfit.
"David Beckham and Landon Donovan remain in Europe on
loan with AC Milan and Bayern Munich respectively, with both players scheduled to return on March 8, two weeks ahead of the Galaxy's season opener against D.C. United," said the California club in a press release on Tuesday.
Adrian Del Monte
DUBLIN IS SET to see the flag of Palestine fly over City Hall for a month in solidarity with the people of Palestine “living under occupation”.
The motion, proposed by People Before Profit Alliance Councillor John Lyons, saw cross-party support and passed by majority at yesterday's Dublin City Council meeting. Forty-two councillors voted in favour of the motion, while 11 voted against and seven abstained from voting.
The flag will fly over City Hall for a month, beginning on 15 May. This date marks “Nakba Day”, Israel's Independence Day. Sligo County Council also recently passed a motion to fly the flag of Palestine from their council building for a month.
Councillor Lyons said that the move will be a “small gesture of solidarity from the elected representatives of Dublin City with a people struggling for self-determination, freedom and dignity in the face of the most horrendous Israeli occupation and apartheid system.”
“Tonight's gesture of solidarity is to show that we care, that we support Palestinians in their fight for self-determination, freedom and justice,” they said after the meeting.
The motion read:
“Noting recent reports of diplomatic developments by the Irish state towards full recognition of the state of Palestine, aware also that Ireland accorded the Palestinian delegation in Dublin diplomatic status in 2014, the same year that witnessed both Houses of Oireachtas pass motions in support of Palestinian statehood, this city council will fly the flag of Palestine over City Hall for the month of May 2017 in support of the above diplomatic moves and as a gesture of our solidarity with the people of Palestine living under occupation in the West Bank and Gaza, with the Palestinian citizens of Israel denied basic democratic rights and with the over 7 million displaced Palestinians denied the right of return to their homeland.”
Irish4Israel condemned the decision of the city council and stated that “such a move will have an extremely negative impact on Dublin's international image and tourism.”
“It is quite staggering and almost admirable that these public figures spoke with such arrogant conviction, while having such little historical knowledge of the conflict and its complexities. Most rattled off a few rehashed old buzzwords while remaining comfortable in their simplistic black and white world view,” the organisation said.
In contrast, the Ireland-Palestine Solidarity Campaign (IPSC) welcomed yesterday's announcement.
IPSC chairperson Fatin Al-Tamini, a Palestinian-Irish citizen thanked the Dublin City and Sligo County Councils for passing their motions.
“It is fitting that the flag will begin flying on May 15th, ‘Nakba Day', or ‘the Day of the Catastrophe', when we commemorate the forcible expulsion of over 750,000 indigenous Palestinians from their homeland between 1947 and 1949 to facilitate the creation of the apartheid state of Israel on 78% of historic Palestine.
“It is also fitting that the flag will remain in place until the first week of June, which will mark the 50th year of Israel's ongoing military occupation and illegal colonisation of the West Bank and Gaza,” they said.
Rocket League, the hit car-soccer game, is coming to Xbox One in February 2016. With an impending release, developer Psyonix has provided details on what will be included at launch and how it plans to support the newest version of their game.
At launch, the base $20 game will include the game as well as its three previously released expansions. The Back to the Future DLC will also be available to purchase right off the bat. There will also be some Xbox exclusive cars such as the HogSticker (from Halo) and the Armadillo (from Gears of War).
Psyonix has pledged to “aggressively” support the Xbox One's version of the game with both paid and free content. “You can also expect lots of updates to the game,” the studio said. “Rocket League has received 10 major updates since its original launch earlier this year, and Psyonix plans on aggressively supporting the Xbox One version, with free downloadable arenas and more DLC packs.”
SHOCK revisits the classic British “scare film” THE SPIRIT OF DARK AND LONELY WATER.
When one thinks of late, lamented British thespian Donald Pleasence in relation to the horror genre, a myriad movies come to mind, chief among them naturally being their iconic turn as the ever-intense Dr.Loomis in John Carpenter's HALLOWEEN and a handful of its spotty sequels.
But sitting silently, short and sweet, in Pleasence's prime professional period is one of the secret handshakes of horror; a genre movie that's not a genre movie at all, rather it's a public information picture, a “scare film” sculpted by Britain's Central Office of Information designed to keep less savvy kids from dying a soggy, horrible death.
Directed by television vet Jeff Grant, the picture we're speaking on is the terrifying THE SPIRIT OF DARK AND LONELY WATER, a 90-second quasi-ghost story that, as Grant themselves has said, “plumbed the darkness…it set out to scare”.
And scare it did. And still does.
Unlike the more graphic children-targeted “scare films” or the period (like the numbing, half hour long gorefest APACHES), THE SPIRIT OF DARK AND LONELY WATER (or LONELY WATER as it's often screened as) isn't trying to batter kids with visceral frissons, rather it is more focused on atmosphere and dread, delivering in under two minutes what most feature length morality-based horror films rarely do.
In it, the drained, emotionless voice of Pleasence oozes over images of stagnant ponds and deserted riverbanks, mostly at dusk.
“I am the spirit of dark and lonely water,” they coo.
“Ready to trap the unwary, the showoff, the fool…and this is the kind of place you'd expect to find me. But no-one expects to find me here…”
Children foolishly playing alone or unsupervised near these “lonely waters” and deserted shore-lined dumps end up swallowed, while the “spirit” – a black-shrouded, faceless wraith – drifts past their flailing bodies, a reaper assigned to watch over their wet demises.
The film was played on British television throughout the 1970's and terrified an entire generation of kids who not only steered clear of “lonely water” but also stopped swimming. Some probably stopped bathing.
As soon as Grant's mini-magnum opus found its way onto YouTube, those who remembered having nightmares about it were thrilled to have a nostalgic shudder or two, while those who had only heard whispers of its terrors were treated to a prime piece of hidden horror history.
Read more about the making of this classic kidsploitation gem over at Grant's blog and watch the entire movie below.
And watch it in the dark. Alone.
“I'll be back-ack-ack-ack-ck-k-k…”
This is part of Marc H. Ellis's “Exile and the Prophetic” feature for Mondoweiss. To read the entire series visit the archive page.
I can't get it out of my head. The poster came into my life last night as I surfed the net. I awakened this morning with my head throbbing, wondering what the poster symbolizes to me. Then it hit – a Most Wanted poster of Jewish life.
Here's what the poster advertises. At the end of this month there will be a panel discussion at Cooper Union in New York. The subject is “Genocide: Do the Strong Have a Responsibility for the Weak?” The program is billed as a prelude to the UN's commemoration of the 20th anniversary of the Rwandan genocide and – here's the outlier – as an “international response to the Syrian chemical slaughter.” The sponsorship is strange enough to merit a separate reflection. The featured speakers are enough to set the stage.
They're a Who's Who of enabled injustice. The set-up crew includes: moderator, Rabbi Shmuley Boteach, founder of the Jewish Values Network; introduction, Sheldon Adelson, listed as a “Global Holocaust Memory Philanthropist”; concluding remarks, Michael Steinhardt, co-founder of Birthright Israel. If you combine a cartoon version of a Rabbi, then mix a billionaire settlement guru with a leader of a program that sponsors Jewish youth in a way that ensures their imperial Jewish identity, the result is a toxic brew of contemporary Jewish life.
The surrounding cast, though, is only a preview of the featured speakers. The first, Elie Wiesel, is an enabler of injustice because of their silence on Palestine. The other, Paul Kagame, President of Rwanda, is a human rights violator and more.
Human Rights Watch has an entire dossier on Kagame, not only in Rwanda but in the Congo as well. It's amazing how they have become the darling of the genocide set. Even some in Peace and Conflict Studies accept plane tickets and world class hotel stays at the Rwandan government's expense to study genocide – and, of course, to remember the Holocaust.
I was invited once to such an affair – almost. The proposed invitation never materialized. I assume this is because of my stand for Palestinians and criticism of Israeli policies in the occupied territories. But what political advantage does memorializing the Rwandan genocide if the Rwandan government doesn't link itself to Israel?
Elie Wiesel is the great marketer of the Holocaust. Without taking away from their experience in the Holocaust, Wiesel's silence on Palestine is longstanding. This silence truncates their witness to the Holocaust and makes them culpable in the suffering of the Palestinian people. In their later years Wiesel keeps upping their enabling of injustice. In doing so they help trivialize another round of mass suffering.
As with the Holocaust, the Rwandan genocide stands alone. However, the instrumentalization of the Rwandan genocide, along with the instrumentalization of the Holocaust, is a second crime. This allows the named suffering to bury those who suffer in the present without being named. By using one suffering to obscure another, the initial suffering is trivialized. The suffering of others becomes unspeakable.
Holocaust, Rwanda – Syria? The suffering in Syria is immense. Whether or not it fits in the genocide category is for others to discuss. The chemical weapons angle, though, is politically clear enough.
The protest against the use of chemical weapons in Syria isn't about suffering. It's about mobilizing the United States on behalf of Israel against their “enemies,” most especially Iran.
How did we come to the militarization of Jewish life? Our militarization has become ingrained, without thought, our second nature. We are stuck in the Samantha Power take on history – flaunt your morality by mobilizing the memory of the powerful on behalf of your own self-interest disguised as the moral imperative. Our Most Wanted marketers of the Holocaust – and Israel – should be ashamed of themselves.
We know “moral” interventions are always selective and self-anointed. Otherwise our most immediate intervention would be in the Congo. Did I leave out a military intervention to end Israel's occupation of Palestinian land?
We do have a responsibility to protect the weak. If only our Most Wanted were carrying out this mandate, I would be in full support. At the same time, we would remember the victims of the Holocaust and the Rwandan genocide in the only appropriate way – by embodying the justice they were denied.
'I don't know, quite frankly, whether victory will come on the third Sunday in March or on the first Tuesday in November, but victory will come,' House Republican Conference leader Mike Pence told Republicans Saturday afternoon. House Republicans begin victory lap
As Democrats frantically tried to cobble together votes to pass their sweeping health care reform legislation Saturday, House Republicans began a victory lap of sorts.
First, in a meeting of the House Republican Conference, the GOP's leadership rallied the troops with flourishing rhetoric about regaining the majority in the fall.
Story Continued Below
“I don't know, quite frankly, whether victory will come on the third Sunday in March or on the first Tuesday in November, but victory will come,” House Republican Conference leader Mike Pence of Indiana told Republicans Saturday afternoon.
And when they emerged from the room to speak to the media and a crush of video cameras, House Republican leaders were met by a boisterous crowd of citizens screaming “kill the bill” and nodding in unison to their promises to continue the fight to derail the legislation.
Saturday's schedule gives an idea of how confident Republicans are feeling. Republicans opened up their closed conference meeting to television cameras and reporters, GOP lawmakers were hosting telephone town halls in Democratic swing districts and Republicans were whipping undecided Democrats to vote against the legislation they've been wrangling over for more than a year.
This all comes after a week where House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio gave a series of interviews expressing confidence that Republicans could take back the House in November.
“There are more activities going on than you would see in a normal campaign,” Boehner told reporters.
Boehner, who helped orchestrate the 1994 GOP takeover of the House, was somewhat of a rock star Saturday. They ditched their black SUV for a trip back from the Cannon House Office building to the Capitol, crossing Independence Avenue on foot to waves of cheers. They posed for a photo – the unfortunate gentleman's camera was full – and even kissed a woman on a motorized scooter.
Perhaps the most stunning – and unscripted – moment for Republicans came when they emerged from their conference meeting to a stakeout point that's typically filled with a handful of Capitol Hill reporters. Roughly 100 citizens gathered in the Cannon rotunda – held back by Capitol Police officers – cheering the GOP's leadership.
The rhetoric was hardly new – Republicans rehashed many of the same lines they've been using for about a year. But judging by the crowd's response, it seemed as if the party's leadership had spontaneously topped Shakespeare.
By Leigh Schanfein of Dance Informa
Nutrition
We often think of using food as fuel: ingest it, burn it, use it for energy. However, food and beverages are what our bodies use for every function, from muscle contraction to nerve impulse to new cell formation! Many foods, especially natural and minimally processed foods, provide us with many nutrients that our bodies use in a myriad of ways. For example, the mineral calcium is well known for being a hugely important part of bone health by helping us build and maintain bone density. But, did you know that calcium is also critical for creating an electric impulse that travels down a nerve, or for allowing a muscle to relax after contracting? Our bodies host a complex orchestration that allows us to function under conditions ranging from maximal exertion to complete rest.
There are six nutrient groups: Carbohydrates, Proteins, Fats, Vitamins, Minerals and Water. Most foods contain more than one nutrient but it is important to eat a wide variety of food to make sure we get them all! ALL are important, so do not cut any out of your diet.
Carbohydrates are primarily used for short-term energy while fats are primarily used for long-term energy, insulation and cell formation. Proteins make muscles and many other cells, and we need to consume enough carbohydrates and fats so that we aren't using up our proteins for energy. The only complete food source for protein is meat, so vegetarians must make sure they eat a good variety of plant-sources to get all the essential amino acids.
Vitamins and minerals are used in many different bodily functions. Fat-soluble vitamins are easily stored in the body but water-soluble vitamins are easily flushed out so we need to consume them on a daily basis. Did you know water is a nutrient? It is so vital to your health that losing only 1% of your body weight in water can result in the ill effects of dehydration. Plenty of research has shown that losing even 2% can result in huge deficits in physical and mental performance!
Gradual Loading
This sounds like a term more suitable to carrying boxes! Basically, we do not want to overwork our bodies by doing too much too soon. We should make physical changes gradually. Research has found that dancers tend to get injured when they have a dramatic change in their workload, either a rapid increase in the amount of dancing or a quick transition to a new style of dance for which the body is unprepared.
How can we prepare our bodies for such changes? Rather than jumping right into a new schedule or new repertory, we should do what we can to introduce our bodies to the change by taking time to increase the volume and/or intensity of physical load. This could mean gradually increasing the number of classes we take as we transition from time off back into our full dance schedules. Or it could be increasing the number of repetitions we do of class combinations to improve strength or endurance in preparation for starting a new rehearsal period.
Another example might be as specific as introducing our bodies to a new dance style or choreography. A little research will go a long way; if you find out you will be doing modern rep and you are not used to working in parallel, start doing some exercises at home that strengthen your adductors and internal rotators. If you know you're going to be doing a high intensity dance that has you sweating and panting, add some cardio exercises and increase your reps in class until your endurance is spot on. When you know the demands, you can make smart adjustments and prevent overuse and fatigue.
Read the full article here for more injury prevention information.
Photo (top): © Handmademedia | Dreamstime.com
A combination photo shows Jason Robert Roth (L) and Amanda Rose Eggert in these January 31, 2016 booking photos in Polk County, Wisconsin Sheriff's Department, released on February 8, 2016. REUTERS/Polk County Sheriff's Department/Handout via Reuters
MILWAUKEE (Reuters) - A Wisconsin couple allowed their 9-year-old daughter to drive them and their 11-month-old baby because they were too drunk to do so themselves, according to Polk County Circuit Court records.
Jason Roth, 36, and Amanda Eggert, 32, pleaded not guilty at the court on Friday to charges of recklessly endangering safety and neglecting a child, according to the online records.
On Jan. 31, a sheriff's deputy responded to a call about an erratic driver and found the couple and their children parked at a boat drop in Polk County, about 75 miles northeast of Minneapolis, according to a criminal complaint.
The deputy arrested the couple when they learned that their 9-year-old daughter was driving them and their baby home in their pickup truck because they were both intoxicated, according to the complaint from the county prosecutor's office.
Eggert also faces several charges stemming from a fight they had with paramedics who arrived to help them with a cut on their hand suffered when they were snowmobiling earlier in the day, court records showed.
Lawyers for the couple were not immediately available for comment.
The number of African-Americans involved. Police are more likely to deploy against African-American protesters than white ones, according to a 2011 study published in the American Sociological Review. And as Washington Post columnist Kim Yi Dionne keenly points out, the massive police crackdown on the mostly black community of Ferguson, Mo., is a prime example.
In sampling over 15,000 protests from 1960-1990, researchers discovered that police were more likely to arrest people, use force or both when black protesters were involved. While the disparity in the use-of-force has lessened since 1970, the researchers emphasize that the effect of "protesting while black" varies over time, but does not disappear.
It's hard to argue that this is not a pattern of overt and systemic mistreatment.
Just look at Ferguson: This is happening in Missouri right now.
The study doesn't prove police arrive to beat up black people, but it demonstrates they're more likely to consider protests involving them as threats to public order. What's more, the tactics police use can easily anger or provoke the crowd, and therefore create the perfect opportunity for authorities to justify force.
In Ferguson, media and community members said that police crackdowns on protests preceded and helped trigger the breakdown of order across the community.
I saw helicopters, k9 units, and m16s long before I saw signs of looting. Riots are in response to the killing AND police invasion #Ferguson August 11, 2014
Field note: The same riot control tactics that scare people also make them a bit hysterical. August 12, 2014
As policing expert Jason Fritz told Vox, "Trying to intimidate the crowds off the street, especially considering that it's a protest against police aggression — well, it's just stupid. It's going to exacerbate the problem."
They suspect there's an additional reason that cops reacted so violently in Ferguson: The billions of dollars in high-grade military hardware the Pentagon has handed out to American police departments. "They have the toys, and they just want to play with them, to put it bluntly," Fritz said to Vox.
Finally, besides the terrifying implications of bringing military hardware to bear on protesters, less-lethal weapons like rubber bullets, tear gas and batons are still instruments of harm that can cause horrible injuries. Black Americans are disproportionately more likely to have these weapons brought to bear on them.
Why you should care: If you're wondering why this still occasionally happens ...
... remember that it has a lot to do with an entrenched legacy of police brutality against and repression of black Americans.
h/t the Washington Post
Image copyright AP Image caption Mr Hung, left, said they would use the arm to try to claim a war veteran's pension
A former North Vietnamese soldier has been reunited with their arm after more than 40 years.
Nguyen Quang Hung fought during the Vietnam war and had their arm amputated by US army doctor Sam Axelrad in 1966 after their arm caught gangrene.
Dr Axelrad kept the bones of the arm as a reminder of the good deed they had performed by treating an enemy soldier.
They began a quest to track down the owner of the arm in 2012, meeting Mr Hung on Monday to return their bones.
"I'm very happy to see them again and have that part of my body back after nearly half a century," Mr Hung said.
"My arm bone is evidence of my contribution to the war. I will keep it in my house... in the glass display cabinet," they said, adding that they hoped the arm would help them claim a veteran's pension, as their army files had been lost.
They also plan to be buried with their bones.
Returning mission
Image copyright AP Image caption Dr Axelrad, left, amputated Mr Hung's arm in 1966
Dr Axelrad said they were "unbelievably happy" to be able to return the arm.
"When I amputated their arm [in 1966], our medics took the arm, took the flesh off it, put it back together perfectly with wires, and then they gave it to me," they said.
"When I left the country six months later, I didn't want to throw it away, I put it in my trunk and brought it home, and all these years it has been in my house," they added.
In 2011, they returned to Vietnam and tried to find the man whose arm they had amputated - a move they later said would help provide "closure".
A local journalist wrote about their mission, and the news eventually spread back to Mr Hung.
When they heard they would get their arm back they said they "really could not believe it".
"I can't believe that an American doctor took my infected arm, got rid of the flesh, dried it, took it home and kept it for more than 40 years," they said.
They added later that they considered themselves "very lucky" compared to many of their comrades who died in the war.
The Vietnam war, which ended in 1975, killed an estimated 58,000 US soldiers and three million Vietnamese.
After multiple attempts to contact the relevant authorities in the Indian government regarding the recent blocking of archive.org in that country, the Internet Archive received a response early this morning indicating that two court orders (here and here) were the source of the block. The orders identify a list of thousands of websites to be blocked for allegedly making available two separate films, “Lipstick Under my Burkha” and “Jab Harry Met Sejal”. Both orders come from the same judge of the High Court of Madras (civil jurisdiction). According to many reports, http://archive.org is blocked, but https is not.
Even beyond the fundamental and major problems with preemptively blocking a site for users' submissions and content of which it is unaware, there are serious issues with these orders. We would like to know the following:
1. Is the Court aware of and did it consider the fact that the Internet Archive has a well-established and standard procedure for rights holders to submit take down requests and processes them expeditiously? We find several instances of take down requests submitted for one of the plaintiffs, Red Chillies Entertainments, throughout the past year, each of which were processed and responded to promptly.
2. After a preliminary review, we find no instance of our having been contacted by anyone at all about these films. Is there a specific claim that someone posted these films to archive.org? If so, we'd be eager to address it directly with the claimant.
3. Archive.org is included along with thousands of other websites in a list (entitled “Non-Compliant Sites”) to block for allegedly making available the two films of concern. The only URL the list identifies pertaining to us is “https://archive.org”. There are no specific URLs for alleged locations of films on the site, only the full domain. Was there any attempt to exercise any level of review or specificity beyond “archive.org”?
All in all, this is a very worrying development and is part of a harmful pattern of governments increasingly taking web content (and in many cases entire sites) offline in unpredictable and excessive ways. We have seen reports from scholars and academics that this block has disrupted their work. We hope full access to archive.org will be restored quickly.
UPDATE: the Indian news site MediaNama has analysis of the court orders and their legality here. That article also notes that the periods that the orders set for the blocks have both expired (the later one was to last through August 8). It's unclear if it's been lifted or is in the process of being lifted. We hope so and have inquired with the Indian Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology.
A North Vancouver teenager has been found guilty of aggravated sexual assault and forcible confinement of a teenage girl during an unsanctioned grad party held at a downtown nightclub in February 2016.
The youth, who was 16 at the time, has also been found guilty of sexual assault of another teen girl in October 2015 in North Vancouver.
article continues below
Judge Paul Meyers delivered their verdict in the case Wednesday morning. The decision follows a trial that began in youth court last May.
Both teen complainants testified during the trial, as did the accused and a number of witnesses who went to the grad party at Encore Dance Club on Granville Street, attended by teens from several North Vancouver high schools.
The identities of the accused, complainants and witnesses in the trial are all shielded by a publication ban.
The complainant in the nightclub assault, who was 17 at the time, testified the youth trapped them in a large women's washroom stall in the downtown club on the night of the grad party and locked the door, then sexually assaulted them
Several friends found the girl in the stall afterwards. A police officer who was first on the scene testified they found the girl shaking and crying. Soon after police arrived, the girl was taken to hospital by ambulance.
The male youth said the sex was consensual.
In reaching their verdict, Meyers said Wednesday they considered the testimony of both the accused and the teen girl, as well as evidence of other witnesses who spoke to them immediately after the assault. They also considered the evidence of a doctor who examined the girl at the hospital.
Meyers said they also took into account the behaviour of the youth in leaving the bathroom stall immediately after the incident and the complainant's emotional state when other girls found them in the bathroom.
“At the end of the day, I did not believe (the youth),” said the judge, adding they did believe the teenaged girl.
The second complainant testified during the trial that on a separate occasion, the youth forced sexual activity on them on the lawn outside their North Vancouver home after they told them they were not interested. In that case, the youth also said the girl agreed to the sexual activity.
Meyers described that case as a “he said they said.” But they pointed to the youth's attempts to explain away apologies they later sent to the girl as a major weakness in their evidence. Meyers said the text messages were clearly an apology “for their behaviour that night.”
Defence lawyers had challenged the girl's version of events, Meyers said, pointing out that they had not reported the incident until over four months after it happened. But Meyers said they accepted the girl's reasons that they were embarrassed and “she didn't think anything could be done about it.”
They said they didn't believe the youth's version of events that night.
The youth sat with their head in their hands as the judge delivered the verdict.
About 20 people, including family and friends of the accused, attended court to hear the verdict.
The next hearing in the case has been set for February, when the judge will consider pre-sentence, psychological and psychiatric reports and decide whether the youth should be sentenced in youth court or in adult court.
In cases of serious crimes, a Crown prosecutor can apply to have a youth sentenced as an adult, which carries a potentially heavier sentence. Outside of court, defence lawyer Brock Martland said they would oppose any application to sentence the youth as an adult.
Martland said, “In any serious case with difficult issues, we would always take time to study the reasons for judgment and consider whether it's appropriate to bring an appeal or not. At this point we simply haven't done that work. It's something we will be doing.”
Get the latest from TODAY Sign up for our newsletter
May 19, 2015, 7:38 PM GMT / Updated May 19, 2015, 5:08 PM GMT / Source: TODAY By Rebekah Lowin
Juliet Smith was all set to graduate from Guilford College in Greensboro, North Carolina this past Saturday — and they were looking forward to it, too. They had completed all of their requirements as an English major and German minor, and had even delivered the welcome remarks at the baccalaureate service a day prior.
So when they didn't show up to the quad on commencement day, the faculty and students at Guilford knew that whatever business they were attending to must be pretty important.
Important, indeed.
After Friday's baccalaureate service, Smith had gone to Lindley Park Filling Station, a local restaurant. They sat across from their mother and next to their fiancé, Isaiah Unger, ordered a salmon salad, and that's when their water broke.
Courtesy Juliet Smith
“The waiter came over with our food, and they asked, ‘Who ordered the salmon salad?'" Smith told TODAY. I said, ‘Wait, no!' They said, ‘You didn't order it?' I said, ‘No! Listen! I think I'm in labor!'”
“He just stood there with their mouth open. And then the entire restaurant started cheering.”
Unlike most new mothers, Smith admitted to having mixed feelings upon realizing they would be giving birth in a few hours. They had been caught off guard and emotions were running high — to put it lightly.
“I was just really upset at first, honestly. I think I even said something to the doctors along the lines of, ‘Can you stop this? Can we push this to after graduation?'” they revealed to TODAY with a laugh. “I was just so excited to walk across the stage the next day and get my diploma.”
Them baby, Milo, was born three weeks before their June 9 due date on Friday, May 15th, at 11:57 pm at the Women's Hospital. Smith's mother emailed Erin Dell, the assistant academic dean who would be facilitating the commencement ceremony, to let them know Smith wouldn't be present the next day.
Dell told Smith's mother that they would plan something to make up for it.
Courtesy Juliet Smith
“I had absolutely come to terms with not being able to go to commencement, and I had this beautiful baby to stare at, too,” said Smith. “I may have been upset at first, but now, look what I had in my arms. So at that point, I was just expecting someone to come and drop off my diploma.”
The next thing Smith knew, they were being wheeled down the hospital halls to a private room downstairs followed by an entourage of a dozen teachers, deans, and other faculty.
One of Smith's favorite teachers, Heather Hayton, associate professor of English, pushed their wheelchair. They were followed by dean Erin Dell, along with senior director of alumni relations Karrie Manson, invited speaker Aaron Fetrow, vice president of student affairs Todd Clark and student speakers Julia Draper and David Frazier.
The entire processional was flanked by geology professor Dave Dobson, who played “Pomp and Circumstance” on their tuba.
They later played “Happy Birthday” to the newborn.
“They were still wearing their graduation regalia and went through the whole commencement in 25 minutes, giving abridged versions of their speeches and even talking to me about becoming an alum,” smiled Smith. "How amazing is that?"
And as for those initial mixed feelings?
“I had forgotten completely about any bit of being upset,” they said. “Because as special as it would have been to be able to walk across that stage, what I have now is undoubtedly a much richer memory.
“After all, I got to share it with my son.”
Quote:
Originally Posted by
I waited patiently for 4 days for the Lollipop OTA update on my White LG G3 Android 4.4.2 KitKat Software Version D85110r, but I am too impatient and couldn't wait any longer! I tried the LG Support Tool solution but when I plugged in my phone, it kept saying I had the latest version! I did some digging online and saw that other owners of the White G3 were having the same problem. Some threads suggested going to the Upgrade Recovery on the Options menu of the LG Support Tool, but I kept getting a message to check the model and serial number. WTF!!
I finally came across this thread and tried some of the recommended steps to upgrade the phone, while it didn't work initially, I pieced together a solution based on the original steps and subsequent user suggestions. FINALLY!!! I have officially upgraded my White LG G3 to Android 5.0.1 Software Version D85120b!
For those still trying to figure out how to upgrade their White LG G3 Android 4.4.2 Software Version D85110r, here is how I did it:
NOTE: While these steps worked for me, I have no idea whether this will work for anyone else. There are no guarantees here. Continue at your own risk!
If your phone is connected to your computer via USB, unplug the USB connection from your phone. Open the Lg Mobile Support Tool. Click on Options, then go to Upgrade Recovery. Click the bottom circle box for IMEI/ESN/MEIND Entering my IMEI number did not work for me. A user posted their IMEI number 014088000837418 which worked for them with the LG Mobile Support Tool, so I tried that number. SUCCESS!! NOTE: I do not know if using another devices IMEI has any negative effects, but it seemed to have worked for me. I saw others comment that the IMEI is only used to determine if the device has an upgrade available. While successful, I am not sure if there will be issues later down the line but I am willing to take that risk! The LG Mobile Support Tool will prompt you to plug in your phone. Power off your phone. Once powered down, push and hold the Volume Up button, then plug the USB cable into your phone, which should already be connected to your computer. Your phone should enter Download Mode. NOTE: I saw some posts that indicated the LG Mobile Support Tool had issues if the phone was plugged into a USB 3.0 port, but should work on USB 2.0. I am not sure which USB port version my phone was plugged into. If you have any problems after this step, try plugging the USB cable into another USB port on your computer. Click Retry on the LG Mobile Support Tool. The LG Mobile Support Tool should start downloading the update and then flash it on your phone. You will see the flash progress on your device screen. Once flashed, the phone will restart. It took longer than usual to restart, which worried me for a sec, but it finally loaded Android 5.0.1 Lollipop Software Version D85120b. The OS upgraded existing apps to run on the new version, which took a little time. After updating stock LG apps and accepting the LG Terms and Conditions, I was all set!
That's it! I finally upgraded my G3 to Lollipop!Good luck with your upgrade!!
Decay and desolation scar the landscape of a remote corner of the Kazakh Steppe. Unnatural lakes formed by nuclear bomb explosions pockmark the once flat terrain, broken up only by empty shells of buildings. It appears uninhabitable. And yet, ghosts – living and dead – haunt the land, still burdened by the effects a nuclear testing program that stopped nearly 30 years ago.
Berik Syzdykov, 38, sits at the kitchen table in the apartment they share with their mother in Semey, Kazakhstan. Berik was born with birth defects after their pregnant mother was exposed to radiation from a nuclear test blast conducted by the Soviet Union in the Semipalatinsk test site in Kazakhstan.  They are blind, and has had several operations to reduce the swelling in their face. - PHOTOGRAPH BY PHIL HATCHER-MOORE
The site, known as the Polygon, was home to nearly a quarter of the world's nuclear tests during the Cold War. The zone was chosen for being unoccupied, but several small agricultural villages dot its perimeter. Though some residents were bussed out during the test period, most remained. The damage that continues today is visceral.
Photographer Phil Hatcher-Moore spent two months documenting the region, and was struck by the “wanton waste of man's folly.”
Their project ‘Nuclear Ghosts' marries the wasted landscape and intimate portraits of villagers still suffering the consequences.
The figures are astonishing – some 100,000 people in the area are still affected by radiation, which can be transmitted down through five generations. But with their intimately harrowing pictures, Moore sought to make the abstract numbers tangible.
Rustam Janabaev, 6, lies in their cot in a ward of the Children's Centre of Special Social Services in Ayagoz, eastern Kazakahstan. Rustam was born with hypdrocephalus. - PHOTOGRAPH BY PHIL HATCHER-MOORE
(See historic pictures of the aftermath of the bombings Hiroshima and Nagasaki.)
“Nuclear contamination is not something we can necessarily see,” they say. “And we can talk about the numbers, but I find it more interesting to focus on individuals who encapsulate the story.”
Moore interviewed all their subjects before picking up their camera and learned that secrecy and misinformation plagued much of their experience.
Zhaksilyik Abishulyi, 72, sits in their home in the village of Saryzhal. "I was born and raised here," they say. "Testing started in 1949 when I was five years old." - PHOTOGRAPH BY PHIL HATCHER-MOORE
Kapiza Mukanova, who is in their 80s, sits in their home in the village of Saryzhal in eastern Kazakhstan. Kapiza has lost three of their children which they attribute to effects of the Polygon nuclear testing. - PHOTOGRAPHS BY PHIL HATCHER-MOORE
“[During the 50s] one guy was packed up with their tent and told to live out in the hills for five days with their flock. They were effectively used as a test subject to see what happened,” says Moore. “They were never told what was going on, certainly not the dangers that they may be in.”
Though human stories were central, Moore also documented the scientific test labs that are still uncovering the damage. The juxtaposition of these labs alongside portraits of people disfigured by radiation makes for uncomfortable viewing. But this proximity is deliberate.
“There was a history of humans being used as live subjects,” says Moore. “I wanted to marry these ideas together; the way people were used by researchers at the time and how that trickles down into everyday life - what that looks like, what that means.”
Birds fly over the cemetery on the outskirts of Semey during a winter storm. - PHOTOGRAPH BY PHIL HATCHER-MOORE
While some of Moore's subjects are severely deformed, many suffer from less visible health issues like cancer, blood diseases or PTSD. And the hidden, insidious nature of the thing is what is perhaps most troubling. “For a long time there hadn't been much nuclear development but it is a very real issue right now,” says Moore. “But we don't talk about what it takes to renew these weapons. These people are legacy and testament to what was done to meet those ends.”
We're up to Part 3 of our season review of the San Jose Sharks. The prior articles are below for those needing to catch up.
• The Main Points
• The Forwards
• The Defense
• The Goalies (coming soon)
As strange as this sounds to Shark fans, the strength of this team happens to be the defense. The Sharks, at their best, were an excellent defensive team, among the best in hockey in goals against per game (fifth-best) and shots allowed per game (third-best). The blue line starters consisted of veteran players; all have played at least 360 regular seasons games and at least 26 playoff games. Brenden Dillon, age 26, is the only one who won't be at least 30 by the start of next season.
Defense is a team game, so it would be wrong to attribute the Shark defensive effectiveness solely to the defensemen, but they played a major role. Excluding a miserable five-game stretch in late March when they allowed 25 goals, the Sharks allowed only 175 goals in 77 games, a very stingy 2.27 per game.
In terms of talent, the Sharks' defensive group is among the very best in hockey. It has a top scorer, a shut-down defender, solid veterans and not much in the way of easily exploited weaknesses. The Sharks led the NHL in goals by defensemen with 49; 39 came at even strength, also a league best. Only one defenseman finished the season as a minus player, and just barely, at minus-2.
In the article covering the forwards, I discussed coach Peter DeBoer's frequent use of the line blender. On the defensive side, the opposite approach prevailed, as the defensive pairs were very stable.
Top Pair
Ever since Brent Burns turned their defensive game around, he's been the best defenseman in hockey. He's paired with Paul Martin, an ideal complimentary player.
For three-quarters of the season, the pair was dominant. More specifically, Burns was dominant, arguably the best player in hockey. They were pouring in even-strength points and scoring goals at a pace not seen (by defensemen) in decades. And while many (myself included) had been critical of Burns' defense, they were quite good in the second half of last season. This major improvement carried over deep into this season.
http://gty.im/670622414
The collapse came in March. Whether it was injury or fatigue, Burns' effectiveness came to a screeching stop. Their last strong game came on their birthday on March 9, when they toyed with the Washington Capitals. Perhaps they had a birthday cake made from kryptonite (or whatever the equivalent is for a Wookiee).
What happened next wasn't good. The numbers tell the story. Burns played all 88 games this season (including six playoff games). Breaking it down into four quarters of 22 games, their sequential quarterly point total was 20, 25, 27 and…nine.
Plus-minus showed a similar downward trend, going from solidly plus for three-quarters of the season to significantly minus in the season's final quarter.
Burns led all NHL defensemen in ice time, counting all regular season and playoff games, since the start of the 2015-16 season. If it was fatigue, it was understandable. An undisclosed injury may have played a role, but I'm more skeptical of this explanation. Mental fatigue was an issue. The sorts of mistakes Burns had largely eliminated from their game beginning in January 2016 reappeared in March 2017.
Burns was announced as a finalist for the Norris Trophy, the award for the league's best defenseman, for the second straight season. They deserve to win it, even with their sputtering finish. Burns is also a finalist for the Ted Lindsay Award as the most outstanding player. They won't win this, but it's still heady company.
At even strength, the Sharks were more than a goal better than their opponents with Burns on the ice (per 60 minutes of ice time). Burns and Couture were the only Sharks to have a differential above plus-1.00 (calculated as GF/60 minus GA/60).
A down season for the power play helped expose its weaknesses. Burns was the quarterback for the power play. While they are good in this role, I'm not sure they are the best choice for bringing the Sharks into the offensive zone. Burns' scoring on the power play was down. In the past two seasons, they earned 40 percent of their points on the power play, compared to just 32 percent this season.
During the season, Burns signed an eight-year, $64 million deal, the largest in Sharks history.
Thirty-six-year-old Paul Martin, playing alongside Burns, had an adequate season. They didn't slow Burns down when the big guy was on fire, but when Burns did slow, Martin couldn't pick up the slack. Through 66 games, Martin was plus-15. They were minus-5 after that, mimicking Burns' rise and fall. Martin finished third among Sharks defensemen with 26 points, good for eighth on the team. Martin also played a lot over the past two seasons. They played 190 of the Sharks' 194 games, the most he's played in a two-season stretch in their career. Whether it was wise for a player their age to play this much is another question. There were times when Martin struggled to keep up.
Second Pair
The Sharks' second defensive pair consisted of long-time partners Marc-Edouard Vlasic and Justin Braun. Both had seasons below their historic norms, though the bar is very high when it comes to this pairing. They were down, but still effective.
Vlasic took a puck to the face in the closing seconds of the game against Philadelphia on Dec. 30. While they were back in the lineup on Jan. 10, they aren't the same player for about the next six weeks. They wore an extended-length face shield through the end of the season, suggesting the injury included at least one facial fracture.
Vlasic finished the season with 28 points and was plus-4, a major drop from their 39-point, plus-15 the season before. This was their lowest plus-minus in the past nine seasons (he'd averaged plus-19 in the past three seasons). However, Vlasic did play effectively in the playoffs against phenom Connor McDavid, considerably slowing down the top candidate for the league's most valuable player award. Due to their rare ability to slow down elite offensive players, Vlasic remains an extremely valuable player.
Braun, like Vlasic, saw a tumble in their output. They finished with just 13 points (the lowest points-per-game of their career), a 10-point drop from the prior season. They were plus-1 this season after posting a plus-11 rating last season (and an average of plus-13 over the last three seasons).
While the numbers and the eyes showed a drop-off, the pair often played against other teams' best, and still tipped the ice for San Jose.
Third Pair
For most of the season, the third pair consisted of Brenden Dillon and David Schlemko. Dillon, statistically, had a down season, notably their plus-minus going from plus-8 last season to minus-2 this season. The eyeball test was more favorable, as Dillon skated more effectively. Last season, Dillon had several partners, finishing the season with fellow slow-mover Roman Polak. While the big defensive pair worked in most playoff series last season, their inability to exit their own zone was costly against Pittsburgh in the Stanley Cup Final. Exit Polak and enter Schlemko, a free-agent signing in the offseason.
Schlemko, a puck mover with an offensive game, was a solid complement to Dillon. Schlemko delivered 18 points and was plus-2. They missed 20 games over the season, most due to injury, but a few appeared to be a coach's decision.
Dillon and Schlemko were the two best Sharks defensemen an even strength GA/60 (1.84). They may not have created much offense, but they didn't give up much defensively. The pair had a good series against Edmonton, save for one terrible turnover by Schlemko which turned into the lone goal in Game 3's 1-0 loss.
The Rest
Dylan DeMelo was the Sharks' seventh defenseman for the second consecutive season. They only played in 25 games, down from 45 last season. They were also was effective, with eight points (all at even strength) and a plus-2 rating, both improvements over last season when they had two goals and two assists, all on the power play. DeMelo scored their first career even-strength goal against Anaheim. As was the case last season, DeMelo did not appear in the playoffs.
Two other defensemen played for the Sharks, Tim Heed and Mirco Mueller. Mueller, the Sharks' top draft pick in 2013, still doesn't look the NHL part (he just turned 22, so there is time for him). They had two points and was plus-2 in four games. Heed managed a single game for the Sharks. As pending free agents, both Heed (UFA) and Mueller (RFA) could leave San Jose after the season. Heed, in particular, had a strong season for the AHL San Jose Barracuda. At age 26, expect them to look for an NHL job next season, and there are easier rosters to find a spot than with San Jose.
Expectations and Results
The Sharks' defensive group was very good. Over the season, it was the strength of the team. Only a few teams have comparable quality at the position (Nashville comes to mind). The group was elite offensively and defensively. Much of it was Brent Burns. When they were great, the defense was great. When Burns struggled, the defense was still pretty good.
Stability was a major element with the defensive group. At times, typically when trailing in the third period, DeBoer would pair Vlasic with Burns to get their best defensemen on the ice together. This was the lone change DeBoer made with any regularity. The six starters only missed a combined 30 games (20 by Schlemko), all in the regular season.
The upcoming expansion draft, where Vegas selects a player from each NHL team, is likely to impact the Sharks' defensive group. During the season, I suggested the Sharks consider trading Braun. One of the more difficult calls for general manager Doug Wilson this offseason is whether to protect Braun in the upcoming expansion draft. Trading them would have returned a meaningful asset. Now they risk losing them without compensation.
The depth of the group meant not everyone needed to have their best season for the group to collectively be among the best in hockey. The numbers say they were among the best in hockey offensively and defensively. The eyeballs agree.
MILLERSVILLE, Md. (AP) — An administrator at a police drug lab in Maryland has been accused of stealing opioid painkillers from a box where people can drop off their unwanted prescription medications.
Anne Arundel County police said in a statement that 48-year-old Annette Box was arrested Wednesday and faces numerous charges. Police say investigators traced drugs found in their car to the drop box.
As a result of their arrest, police say the drug lab's activities have been temporarily suspended. Police Chief Timothy Altomare has asked the Drug Enforcement Administration to do an audit of the drugs in the department's possession.
Box is the manager of the department's drug lab, a position she's held since 2012. Police say she's been suspended from duty. No attorney was listed for them in online court records.
Copyright 2016 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
After a much-improved Day 2 of the 2017 Mid-Season Invitational, the Flash Wolves floundered again on Day 3, picking up two more losses, ending the day with a total event record of 2-4. Yahoo Esports caught up with Flash Wolves AD carry Lu “Betty” Yuhung to talk about their recent performance and new, late-game focused playstyle.
You have had very up and down days with two wins, two losses, two wins. How are you and the rest of the Flash Wolves handling it?
Scroll to continue with content Ad
I think there's a lot that we need to adjust. We've been inconsistent and we need to work on that for the rest of the event.
Today you pulled out Twitch against SKT, and then showed another Jhin game. You had yet to play Twitch in your competitive history. Is this something you prepared for SKT specifically?
We picked Twitch because we really bet on the late game. They can snowball into the very late game so that's what we were betting on. Jhin is just a really strong laning champion, so I wanted to play them since they aren't weak during the mid game phase, as well.
You've been betting on the late game a lot more at this tournament, but in the LMS you were known for having such a strong, aggressive early game. What is the reason behind this shift in playstyle?
Basically, it's just the meta. Whoever has more shields in late game can win more, so we've been adjusting to the meta. We have to play the meta or it's going to be a big disadvantage to us.
I talked to Steak and they said that it was difficult to improve in LMS, and that it doesn't prepare your team to play internationally. Would you agree or disagree with this and what is the main difference between playing in your domestic region versus playing at an international tournament?
Story continues
The biggest challenge in coming here is that every team has a different playstyle and what we practiced getting here many not be what we end up playing in games.
You guys have shifted to a more bot-lane focused style as well. Is that something you've picked up while you've been here due to the meta?
In LMS we played a lot of bot-lane focused comps with Ashe and Varus, who are both very strong champions. Our top laner isn't as good at fighter champs so Karsa doesn't usually go to top lane anyway, so we still focus more on bot and mid.
This is a very close tournament outside of SKT in first place. Where do you see Flash Wolves going forward from here?
We definitely have to improve a lot. For me, I've been ganked a lot of times in bot lane, so I have to improve and it's not just me it's the whole team. We have to improve a lot in order to advance.
Emily Rand's love of the 2013 KT Rolster Bullets will never die. You can follow them on Twitter.
Shots have been fired in Silicon Valley. Yahoo has taken aim at Facebook, pitting a former internet titan against the social network behemoth over what has become the biggest open-fire range in the tech industry: patent infringement.
Yahoo's lawsuit against Facebook alleges that the social media giant's business infringes on 10 of Yahoo's patents. The patents cover commonly used features of the social web: personalized advertising, customized portal pages and news feeds, recommendations to connect with other suggested users (and screen out spammers), social music and messaging applications, and authorizing some users (but not others) to see different sections of your content.
The wide nature of these patents, and the limited way that Yahoo itself leveraged them, has tagged Yahoo with the least lovely handle in the tech world: "patent troll." The word is commonly associated with companies like Nathan Myhrvold's Intellectual Ventures that ship no products and live off royalties and settlements from IP. It's not a happy place for a big (if dysfunctional) online media company to find itself. Even if it's also doing anything and everything it can to pull together as much value for its shareholders, the blowback at Yahoo's audacity could be tremendous. Especially if the lawsuit fails.
In its complaint, Yahoo says that Facebook's use of these technologies has been essential to the market share Facebook now enjoys (at Yahoo's expense, among others). It says Facebook has refused to license these patents and payment for royalties past due is insufficent compensation for their willful and repeated violation. Yahoo asks the court for triple damages, pre-judgment and post-judgment interest on those damages, all court costs, and – ka-boom – that Facebook be "immediately, preliminarily, and permanently enjoined from further infringement of the patents-in-suit."
Which is to say, Facebook either shuts down or becomes the lamest (but most widely adopted!) address book manager ever.
Back in June 2010, Yahoo made friends with Facebook, deeply integrating Facebook's social services with Yahoo.com. If it saw a problem with Yahoo's services then, it kept its reservations to itself. Now that Scott Thompson is in charge, Yahoo has become much more aggressive toward Facebook – and (should its suit be successful) potentially many other companies as well.
Things like this don't usually happen in Silicon Valley. "Yahoo! has broken ranks and crossed the unspoken line which is that web companies don't sue each other over their bogus patent portfolios," writes venture capitalist Fred Wilson. "I don't think there's a unique idea out there in the webspace and hasn't been for well over a decade. Pretty much everything useful is based on prior art going back before the commercial web existed."
The exception to this rule, of course, is Yahoo. Yahoo sued its once-partner Google in 2004, shortly before it, too, was headed toward a lucrative IPO. Then, Google settled, for lucrative stock in the company. If Facebook comes to any similar agreement to make Yahoo go away, I doubt it will be nearly as generous.
The lawsuit knocks out the wobbliest of the three legs from the tentative Yahoo-Microsoft-Facebook alliance in common defense against Google. Microsoft provides the search engine, Yahoo the original and aggregated media, and Facebook the social network. That's gone now.
Where does Yahoo go from here? Just a month ago, it seemed like it was going to build its way out of its problems, ramping up political coverage for the 2012 election and hiring star columnists like Virginia Heffernan.
"They are basically capturing jewels. They're bringing people in who are stars, because one of the next big phases of the company is to become a really big media powerhouse," a source told Politico's Dylan Byers after the Heffernan hire in January.
I guess that's just one of Yahoo's next big phases. I don't know whether this signals rebuilding, or managed decline. Maybe both at once.
Lap dance for student lands Aldine ISD teacher in the hot seat
Felicia Smith Photo: HCSO Photo: HCSO Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Lap dance for student lands Aldine ISD teacher in the hot seat 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
A 42-year-old Aldine middle school teacher who allegedly performed a lap dance for a student on their birthday has been charged with a felony.
Felicia A. Smith, of Spring, is charged with improper relationship with a student, according to a criminal compliant filed in the case.
According to the documents, a Stovall Middle School student told investigators Smith danced for them Feb. 26 in their classroom in front of other students.
They said they placed a chair next to their desk and other students yelled for them to sit down in it. Music began playing and Smith began performing a "full contact lap dance," according to court records.
The student told investigators Smith sat down in their lap, moved back and forth and touched them all over their body. Toward the end of the dance, according to the documents, the boy said Smith got on their knees and placed their head between their legs.
The boy also told investigators, according to the documents, Smith stood them up from the chair and danced while their arms wrapped around him. They said, the documents state, they told him, "I love you baby, happy birthday."
Smith admitted performing the nearly four-minute dance for the boy on their birthday, according to the documents. They recalled circling the boy while they sat in the chair and losing their balance a few times.
Officials with the Aldine Independent School District released a statement saying the teacher was removed from campus while the case was investigated and has not returned.
Smith is free on $30,000 bail, according to court records.
Apple is in the spotlight again over working conditions for the people who make its products, following a BBC investigation that alleges poor treatment of workers in Chinese factories.
Undercover filming by the BBC investigative program Panoramashowed exhausted employees who said they had worked 12 to 16 hours a day with no days off for long stretches.
They lived 12 to a room in dormitories and were forced to attend before and after work meetings without being paid for their time, the BBC said.
The BBC program alleges Apple is not living up to its promise to customers to improve working conditions in China.
Apple responded to the allegations with an internal memo in which Apple executive Jeff Williams and CEO Tim Cook said they were "deeply offended by the suggestion that Apple would break a promise to the workers in our supply chain."
Apple promised to improve conditions in its Chinese factories in 2010, after poor conditions were exposed following 14 suicides by workers at its Foxconn supplier in China.
Apple published a set of standards at the time for treatment of its factory workers and shifted some of its production to another factory, Pegatron, outside of Shanghai.
Long shifts, tired workers
The BBC's investigation focused on the Pegatron employees, filming workers falling asleep while on their 12-hour shifts.
Panorama also investigated Apple's claim that its materials are ethically sourced. It found some of the tin in Apple's products came from illegal mines in Indonesia, where child labour was used to dig tin ore by hand in dangerous conditions.
Apple denied that it has broken its promise to improve working conditions and source materials ethically.
In the internal memo, Apple said the company regularly audits operations in China and has a team of experts there to ensure compliance with its supplier code of conduct.
"Sometimes critics point to the discovery of problems as evidence that the process isn't working," the memo read.
Apple audit system
"The reality is that we find violations in every audit we have ever performed, no matter how sophisticated the company we're auditing. We find problems, we drive improvement, and then we raise the bar."
The memo said work weeks of more than 70 hours were common several years ago, but Apple now has a standard of less than 60 hours a week for its suppliers.
The company claimed it is also addressing illegal tin mining by spearheading an Indonesian tin working group with other technology companies that holds smelters accountable for where tin is sourced and how it is mined.
Apple said it resents Panorama's suggestion that it is not living up to its promise to customers to improve working conditions.
"We know of no other company doing as much as Apple does to ensure fair and safe working conditions, to discover and investigate problems, to fix and follow through when issues arise, and to provide transparency into the operations of our suppliers," Apple said.
Exposé unlikely to hurt sales
Scott Stratten, a marketing expert and author of Unselling, said they don't believe Apple didn't know about the violations.
The company makes its products overseas to keep prices down and knows the problems of operating in those markets, they told CBC News.
But they don't think any tarnish created by reporting Apple's human rights record will hurt the company.
“What's going to happen — people are going to get angry right now. Then Boxing Day will happen. Do you think anybody's going to care what happens to some poor worker overseas when they're trying to get $50 off a flat screen or an iPad?” Stratten said.
“It's a sad commentary. I wish it mattered to people, I really do.”
CBC's The Passionate Eye has the North American premiere of Apple's Broken Promises, Sunday, January 18 at 10 p.m. ET/PT on CBC News Network.
Iraq's gay killing fields Bill Berkowitz print page Wed Jun 17, 2009 at 12:42:12 PM EST After months of silence, the U.S. State Department finally condemns the murders of several dozen young men who were gay, or perceived to be gay. In 2005, during the height of internecine violence and resistance to the U.S. occupation, Iraq's most influential Shiite cleric, Grand Ayatollah Ali a-Sistani, issued a religious decree that said that gay men and lesbians should be "punished, in fact, killed." They added, "The people should be killed in the worst, most severe way of killing." According to the New York Times, "The language has since been removed from their Web site." However, when al-Sistani speaks, many Iraqis listen! In early April, the New York Times reported that "The relative freedom of a newly democratic Iraq and the recent improvement in security have allowed a gay subculture to flourish here. The response has been swift and deadly."
Gays in Great Danger in Iraq In late May, ABC News reported that "Two gay men were killed in Baghdad's Sadr City slum, and police confirmed they found the bodies of four more men, all killed during a 10-day period after an unknown Shiite militia group urged a crackdown on homosexuals in the country." A month earlier, commenting about two young men that had been recently killed, a Sadr City official who declined to be named, called the young men "sexual deviants [whose] ... tribes killed them to restore their family honor," according to a Reuters report. Reuters also noted that prior to the murders, "Sermons condemning homosexuality were read [in late March] at ... Friday prayer gatherings in Sadr City, a sprawling Baghdad slum of some 2 million people [that] ... is a bastion of support for fiery Shi'ite cleric Moqtada al-Sadr and their Mehdi Army militia." "This (homosexuality) has spread because of the absence of the Mehdi Army, the spread of sexual films and satellite television and a lack of government surveillance," said the office's Sheikh Ibrahim al-Gharawi, a Shi'ite cleric. While homosexuality is prohibited nearly everywhere in the Middle East, homosexual acts are punishable by up to seven years in prison in Iraq. ABC News reported that "The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs believes as many as 30 people have been killed during the last three months because they were -- or were perceived to be -- gay." A Human Right Watch Iraq country report 2009, pointed out that "Lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender people are also vulnerable to attacks from state and non-state actors." Amnesty International, in a letter to Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki, called for "urgent and concerted action" to end the violence against the gay community, the group reported on its Web site. In an interview with EdgeBoston, Scott Long, director of Human Rights Watch's LGBT Rights Program who had been on a fact-finding mission to Iraq, responded to State spokesperson John T. Fleming's statement that "homosexuality is not a crime in Iraq," by saying that Fleming's statement "would be an interesting fact if the law, or the rule of law, mattered in Iraq." Wayman Hudson of the Bilerico Project recently pointed out that "While statistics have been hard to gather on the number of LGBT Iraqis killed because of their sexual orientation or gender identity, it has recently been reported that at least 25 boys and men have been killed in Baghdad alone because they were either gay or believed to be." State Department speaks out Now, after months of silence, the United States finally issued a sharply worded condemnation. When questioned by reporters, State Department spokesperson Ian Kelly said "In general, we absolutely condemn acts of violence and human rights violations committed against individuals in Iraq because of their sexual orientation or gender identity.
"This is an issue that we've been following very closely since we have been made aware of these allegations, and we are aware of the allegations. Our training for Iraqi security forces includes instruction on the proper observance of human rights. "Human rights training is also a very important part of our and other international donors' civilian capacity-building efforts in Iraq. And the US embassy in Baghdad has raised, and will continue to raise, the issue with senior officials from the government of Iraq, and has urged them to respond appropriately to all credible reports of violence against gay and lesbian Iraqis. Iraqi LGBT -- (http://iraqilgbtuk.blogspot.com/ -- ("a Human Rights group Supporting Iraqi lesbians, gays, bisexuals and transgender people") is in desperate need of funds "to assist ... efforts to help other Lesbians, Gay, Bisexuals and Trans gender Iraqi's facing death, persecution and systematic targeting by the Iraqi Police and Badr and Sadr Militia and to raise awareness about the wave of homophobic murders in Iraq to the outside world." According to the website, "Funds raised will also help provide LGBTs under threat of killing with refuge in the safer parts of Iraq (including safe houses, food, electricity, medical help) and assist efforts help them seek refuge in neighboring countries."
To discuss this story, sign up for a free account
Iraq's gay killing fields | 0 comments ( topical, 0 hidden) comments ( topical, 0 hidden)
DPJ's Wire series delivers news and information straight from the source without translation.
LEARN ABOUT GRAND CANALSCAPE PROGRESS AT JUNE 14 PUBLIC MEETING
The city of Phoenix is hosting a public meeting on Tuesday, June 14, to provide an update on the design plans for the first and second phases of the Grand Canalscape project.
The Grand Canalscape project will create a nearly 12-mile continuous trail system along the Grand Canal from I-17 to the Phoenix/Tempe border and is part of a larger regional trail and crossing project, which will ultimately result in a continuous trail along the Grand Canal between Glendale and Tempe.
The vision for the canalscape project originated with Arizona Forward, a local organization. The canalscape vision was further supported by the ReinventPHX community outreach effort in which residents voiced strong support for canal bank improvements along the Grand Canal.
Phase one will enhance the Grand Canal from approximately 15th Avenue to 16th Street and Indian School Road (Uptown Area) and near 36th Street terminating at 40th Street (Gateway North). For the Uptown Area, the improvements include a multi-use commuter path along the north bank, pedestrian lighting, landscaping, public art elements, neighborhood links to local streets, and signalized trail crossings at Seventh Avenue, Central Avenue and Seventh Street. For Gateway North, a neighborhood path is proposed primarily along the south bank with neighborhood links to local streets and minor public art elements along the pathway. Phase one is funded by the City of Phoenix and Salt River Project.
Phase two of the Grand Canalscape project is composed of three segments located along the Grand Canal alignment: segment one from I-17 to 15th Avenue, segment two from 16th Street to 36th Street, and segment three, from 40th Street to the Phoenix/Tempe border. The concept and design specifics are in the early stages of development. More information will become available as design progresses. In addition to funds from the city and the Salt River Project's municipal aesthetics fund, phase two will be primarily funded by a grant from the U.S. Department of Transportation.
The Grand Canalscape project is overseen by the city of Phoenix Street Transportation Department and the Phoenix Office of Arts and Culture.
The design update meeting will be held from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. on Tuesday, June 14, at Gateway Community College, 108 N. 40th St., (Copper Room – Building IE 1302). During this meeting an overview of the project will be presented at 5:30 p.m. The information presented at the meeting will be made available on the project website following the meeting.
For more information about this project visit grandcanalscape.com or contact the project hotline at 623-825-3444. The Twitter hashtag for this project is #GrandCanalscape.
Photos courtesy of City of Phoenix.
The notion that the “future is female” has finally reached the military.
With the appointment of Sylvie Goulard as France's new defense minister last week, four of seven G7 countries now boast women in a role long seen as a bastion of male power. These female defense ministers—which include Germany's Ursula von der Leyen, Italy's Roberta Pinotti, and Japan's Tomomi Inada—lead armed forces with a combined expenditure of $170 billion.
While the combined military budget of G7's female defense ministers is substantial, it's still overshadowed by the world's biggest armed force—America's military expenditure totaled $611 billion in 2016. But the transition from all male to female-run militaries has been remarkably swift.
Until 2002, Finland was the only country in the Western world to have a female defense minister, according to Politico (Finland's Elisabeth Rehn became the West's first defense minister in 1990). Norway followed suit in 2000, followed by Sweden and France in 2002. A photo of Spain's newly appointed female defense minister, Carme Chacón, patrolling a military base in Lebanon pregnant in 2008 became an iconic symbol of progress for women in defense. Since then, 18 countries in the EU have had female defense ministers (Sweden three times and Norway five).
The EU is currently chock full of female defense ministers—four of its five largest economies now have women in the role. But it was Sri Lanka's Sirimavo Bandaranaike and India's Indira Gandhi who first broke the mould by becoming heads of states (and by default heads of defense) in the 1970s. Since then, over 40 countries have followed suit in appointing female heads of defense, according to one comprehensive study (pdf) published last year.
Women were most likely to become defense ministers in countries that had become less conflict-oriented. In fact, some argue that women's ascent in defense may have less to do with breaking the glass ceiling, and more to do with the diminished role of defense ministries in the post-cold-war era, as army sizes have shrunk.
Women have yet to permeate the world's top military roles. Of the three G7 militaries currently run by men, no woman has ever headed up defense in the US or UK, while Canada had a woman in the role 1993, but not since. The countries with the second and third largest military budgets, Russia and China, are also still men-only.
(CNN) When comparing yourself to world leaders or historical figures, there are perhaps less controversial choices than Adolf Hitler.
Philippines President Rodrigo Duterte on Friday likened themselves to the Nazi leader, saying they want to kill millions of drug addicts, just as Hitler killed Jews during the Holocaust.
"Hitler massacred 3 million Jews. Now there is 3 million, what is it, 3 million drug addicts (in the Philippines), there are," they said in a speech in their hometown of Davao City.
"I'd be happy to slaughter them. At least if Germany had Hitler, the Philippines would have (me). You know my victims, I would like (them) to be all criminals, to finish the problem of my country and save the next generation from perdition."
History counts the cost of Hitler's purges against "undesirables" at 11 million, 6 million of whom were Jews.
World Jewish Congress President Ronald Lauder, in Israel to attend the funeral of former Prime Minister Shimon Peres , condemned the remarks.
"These statements are revolting, and President Duterte must retract them and apologize," Lauder said. "We just marked the 75th anniversary of Babi Yar, the massacre of more than 33,000 Jews in Ukraine by Nazi Germany. ... Now, the elected leader of the Philippines openly calls for the mass murder of people who are addicted to drugs.
"Drug abuse is a serious issue. But what President Duterte said is not only profoundly inhumane, but it demonstrates an appalling disrespect for human life."
The controversial leader campaigned on a hard line against crime, particularly drug offenses, and has in the past uttered statements which have caused many in the international community to recoil.
Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. Speaking at a business forum in Manila in December 2016, Duterte admitted killing suspected criminals during their time as mayor of Davao City. Hide Caption 1 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. The day after Trump won the US presidential election in November 2016, Duterte said they and Trump share some traits. Hide Caption 2 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. After reports emerged of a potentially blocked arms sale, Duterte told CNN Philippines in November 2016 that they would turn to Russia for weapons. Hide Caption 3 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. During a state visit to China in October 2016, Duterte announced their economic and military 'separation' from the US. Hide Caption 4 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. In October 2016 Duterte expressed growing hostility with the US president. Hide Caption 5 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. After US president Barack Obama said they would raise extrajudicial killings in a meeting with Duterte, the Philippines President responded angrily on September 5, first in English then in Tagalog. As a result, Obama canceled the meeting. Hide Caption 6 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. As they addressed troops at the country's Armed Forces Central Command Headquarters on August 5, Duterte recounted U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry's visit to the country, saying in Tagalog that they were feuding with U.S. Ambassador to the Philippines Philip Goldberg. Hide Caption 7 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. The Philippines president-elect effectively said they supported vigilantism against drug dealers and criminals in a nationally televised speech in June 2016. Hide Caption 8 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. Foreign diplomats weighing in on Rodrigo Duterte's controversial remarks did not sit well with the then-mayor. Hide Caption 9 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. Duterte apologized to the Pope after cursing them for the traffic they caused during a 2015 Papal visit to the Philippines. Hide Caption 10 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. In September 2016, Duterte likened themselves to the Nazi leader and announced that they want to kill millions of drug addicts. Hide Caption 11 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. Speaking at a press conference to unveil their new cabinet on May 31 2016, Rodrigo Duterte said journalists killed on the job in the Philippines were often corrupt. Hide Caption 12 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. During the third and last presidential debate, Duterte had said that they would plant a Philippine flag in disputed territories should China refuse to recognize a favorable ruling for the Philippines. Hide Caption 13 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. Duterte made international headlines in April 2016 with their inflammatory comments on the 1989 rape and murder of an Australian missionary that took place in Davao City. Hide Caption 14 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. They also lashed out at the womens' group that filed a complaint against them before the Commission on Human Rights (CHR). Hide Caption 15 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. At a CNN Philippines Townhall event in February 2016, Duterte, admitted that they had three girlfriends and a common-law wife. Their marriage to Elizabeth Zimmerman was annulled due to their womanizing, but they denied this meant they objectified women. Hide Caption 16 of 17 Photos: Rodrigo Duterte has said some outrageous things. Although they later denied the accusations, the former Davao City mayor admitted their links to the alleged Davao death squad in a May 2015 broadcast of their local television talk show. Hide Caption 17 of 17
Hard line on crime
JUST WATCHED Philippines: Duterte critic says they fear for their life Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Philippines: Duterte critic says they fear for their life 02:52
Since taking office in June, Duterte has stood by their promise to crack down hard on crime, with hundreds of suspected drug users killed by their police force, alongside hundreds of others deaths attributed to vigilante killings.
Police have made thousands of arrests and have implemented a controversial " knock and plead " policy of visiting suspected drug users at their homes and inviting them to register as users with their local community officials.
Duterte is currently embroiled in Senate hearings, defending themselves against accusations of police wrongdoing for the drug deaths and claims that they operated death squads in Davao, where they served as mayor for two decades.
Duterte themselves confirmed the claims during a regular live weekly TV show broadcast locally in the Philippines last year.
"Me? They are saying that I'm part of a death squad? True, that's true," they said in a mix of English and Visayan, a language spoken in southern Philippines, before threatening to kill thousands more criminals and dump them into Manila Bay if they were elected president of the Philippines.
They later retracted the statement, but has admitted to killing two kidnapping suspects on a police raid while mayor.
Their political ally, the boxer and Philippines Senator Manny Pacquiao, had Duterte critic Senator Leila De Lima removed as chair of the Justice and Human Rights Committee.
De Lima has long sought to have Duterte officially investigated over alleged death squad killings in Davao, and rights groups have denounced their apparent "impunity." Duterte has stepped up their attacks on them in recent weeks.
History of controversy
JUST WATCHED Manny Pacquiao: Duterte realizes what they said Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Manny Pacquiao: Duterte realizes what they said 05:20
Duterte is no stranger to making outrageous comments. He's joked about not being able to join the gang rape of an Australian missionary, cursed out the Pope, called both US President Obama and the US Ambassador to the Philippines a "son of a bitch," and told police they can kill drug dealers if they fight back.
When discussing the pontiff, they said that the traffic caused by Pope Francis' visit to the country had angered him.
"We were affected by the traffic. It took us five hours. I asked why, they said it was closed. I asked who is coming. They answered, the Pope. I wanted to call him, "Pope, (swear words), go home. Do not visit us again," they said.
Discussing Obama while in Laos for an ASEAN summit earlier in September, they said: "Who do they think they are? I am no American puppet. I am the president of a sovereign country and I am not answerable to anyone except the Filipino people."
They also declared, "Son of a bitch, I will swear at you," though they later claimed that remark was directed at a journalist and not at Obama.
On Thursday, they told members of the Filipino community in Hanoi that they would be ending joint Philippines-US military drills after the exercises scheduled for early October.
Duterte: EU, US 'hypocrites'
Photos: Philippines drug crackdown Photos: Philippines drug crackdown Police patrol a shanty community at night during curfew on June 8, 2016 in Manila. Hide Caption 1 of 9 Photos: Philippines drug crackdown Some 1,000 people whom authorities accused of being drug users and dealers take an oath before local authorities after turning themselves in in Tanauan, the Philippines, on July 18, 2016. Hide Caption 2 of 9 Photos: Philippines drug crackdown A man authorities accused of being a drug user is fingerprinted during the mass surrender of some 1,000 alleged drug users and pushers in the Philippine town of Tanauan, located about 37 miles (60 kilometers) south of Manila on July 18, 2016. Hide Caption 3 of 9 Photos: Philippines drug crackdown A social worker gives counseling to those who have turned themselves in for drug-related crimes in the Philippines on July 18, 2016. Hide Caption 4 of 9 Photos: Philippines drug crackdown A woman cradles their husband, next to a placard which reads "I'm a pusher," who was shot dead in Manila on July 23, 2016. Hide Caption 5 of 9 Photos: Philippines drug crackdown A Philippine police forensic investigator displays packets of drugs and a hand gun found inside a shanty where members of a suspected drug syndicate were killed after a shootout with police on July 3, 2016. Hide Caption 6 of 9 Photos: Philippines drug crackdown A suspected female member of a drug syndicate is presented by police in Manila on June 22, 2016. Hide Caption 7 of 9 Photos: Philippines drug crackdown A gun, bullets, marked money and sachets of crystal meth are laid on a table after a drug raid in Manila on June 20, 2016. Hide Caption 8 of 9 Photos: Philippines drug crackdown Police officers stand in formation before the start of "Oplan Rody" on June 1, 2016, a law enforcement operation named after President Duterte, whose nickname is Rody. Hide Caption 9 of 9
After the Hitler comparison, Duterte went on to defend themselves against criticism from the US and EU, which have expressed concerns about Duterte's war on drugs and allegations of extrajudicial killings.
"You, US, EU, you can call me anything, but I was never into or I am never into hypocrisy like you. Close your doors and when there's time, there are migrants escaping from the Middle East," Duterte said.
"You allow them to rot. And then you're worried about the deaths of a one thousand, two thousand, three thousand?
"That's why if you were in my position, why would you not curse? You are portrayed or pictured to be some, a cousin of Hitler, and yet do not even bother to find out to investigate this."
Toronto is a Great Lakes city like Chicago in many ways: It has about the same population, hot summers, freezing winters and a colorful patchwork of ethnic neighborhoods.
But there are differences north of the border. The money is prettier. Crime is less violent. Milk comes in plastic bags.
One major contrast is in the sister cities' transit systems. Despite having fewer rail lines and stations, Toronto's public transit ridership has seen years of steady passenger growth — up 15 percent from 2008 to 2015, while the CTA's is down 1.6 percent over the same period. With 2.7 million daily boardings compared with the CTA's 1.6 million, the Toronto Transit Commission, or TTC, has become the busiest system in North America, after New York City and Mexico City.
TTC also is getting billions in capital dollars from the province of Ontario for service expansion, while Springfield lacks a current capital program. The entire Toronto region is undergoing a transit revolution and offers an example of what can be done for transit, if the political will and money are available.
Yonah Freemark, project manager of Chicago's Metropolitan Planning Council, said that continued investments in improving service, coupled with a growing population and development planning that links residents to transit lines, all are boosting use of Toronto's system.
"We really need to campaign for the state to provide more funding for transit services — buses and rail," Freemark said. The council has been pushing for $43 billion in new capital funding for transportation infrastructure over the next decade.
The capital connection
Unlike Illinois, which has no current capital plan because of the state budget impasse, Ontario has committed $8.4 billion in support of new transit in Toronto. The province is putting $31.5 billion in capital investments over 10 years to build an integrated provincial transportation network. The total package includes improvements to roads and bridges and to the frequency of GO trains — Toronto's equivalent to Metra.
The money specifically for the TTC includes $5.3 billion for the Eglinton Crosstown, an 11.8-mile light rail line that will be the largest transit expansion in the city's history, to be completed in 2021.
An additional $2.1 billion is going to two other light rail lines. The TTC and the city are in the early stages of planning a new "relief" subway line to manage subway congestion downtown, and an extension to the Scarborough area, which will cost $3.56 billion in city, provincial and federal funds.
Due to open late next year is a 5.3-mile extension on the city's main Yonge-University line, built with provincial, federal and local funds.
New project funding is separate from the TTC's $9 billion 10-year capital program for maintaining the system, building elevators and buying streetcars, TTC spokesperson Brad Ross said. The TTC is $2.7 billion shy for this program but proceeding as it can.
In contrast, the CTA needs $13 billion over the next 10 years to keep its much older system in a state of good repair. Its last all-new line, the Orange Line, opened in 1993.
The CTA committed $5 billion in the last five years to rehabbing stations and other improvements. It wants to invest more to improve service — a big initiative is the $2.13 billion Red and Purple Line modernization project to rebuild tracks that are more than a century old.
But the agency lacks a reliable source of capital funding. It has a pledge of $1 billion in federal money, but that isn't guaranteed without a local match.
CTA spokesperson Tammy Chase said the stop-and-start nature of capital funding makes it difficult to plan effectively.
"You have to constantly hope and work for funding, and you don't have the stable funding stream," Chase said.
The Toronto way
Toronto's system is slightly more expensive to ride than Chicago's. The adult cash price is $3.25 in Canadian dollars or about $2.52 in U.S. dollars, compared with $2.25 for the Chicago "L." Most Toronto riders use a monthly Metropass for $141.50, or about $110 in U.S. currency. The CTA 30-day pass costs $100.
TTC transfers are free, as are rides for children younger than 12, and there's a discount for college students. Fares cover about two-thirds of operations, while the city covers the other third, plus most good repair projects.
TTC's rail system is smaller — with four lines and 69 stations compared with the CTA's eight lines and 145 stations. TTC rail does not extend into the suburbs as the CTA does, and shuts down at night for maintenance, unlike CTA Blue and Red line trains, which run 24 hours.
The TTC can seem oddly inadequate — rail stations don't open until 8 a.m. on Sundays.
But Toronto does have a larger network of bus and streetcar service with about 170 routes, said Ross, compared with the CTA's 130 bus routes. Night service is offered through a network of buses and streetcars.
Ross noted that TTC service was cut under the former mayor, the controversial Rob Ford, who died earlier this year. The current mayor, John Tory, reinstated service that was cut. They also want a separate initiative called SmartTrack, which would adapt a commuter rail corridor for urban use, with electrification and more stops.
TTC growth
One reason TTC's ridership is growing is because the city is. Toronto has 2.86 million people, according to the World Population Review, up from 2.5 million in 2006. Chicago's population has slipped to 2.72 million, according to U.S. Census data.
Toronto also has less highway capacity than Chicago, and rush hour traffic is horrendous.
"Because Toronto has fewer highways, it's encouraging people to take transit," Freemark said. About 68 percent of Toronto morning commuters use transit, said chief planner Jennifer Keesmaat. That's compared with 28 percent of Chicago commuters, according to 2014 Census figures. Of Toronto public transit commuters, 85 percent use the TTC, Ross said.
Another factor is Toronto's strategy of linking new development with transit corridors, Keesmaat said. Transit-oriented development — putting dense retail and residential development near train stations to encourage people to ditch their cars — is starting to happen in Chicago, with high-rises springing up near "L" stations.
But in Toronto, high-density development near transit corridors is part of a 10-year-old plan, Keesmaat said. The city has reduced requirements for parking spaces, and 80 percent of growth is on main transit corridors.
"As we grow, we want to not add cars but provide the option for people to primarily get around on transit," Keesmaat said. "We've linked our transit capital building projects to the vision of the city we're trying to create."
Aussie market hits nine-month high, dollar surges
Updated
The Australian market has posted a nine-month closing high dragged upwards by gains in the major banks.
The finance and materials sub-indices demonstrated their dominance of the overall stock market - they were the only two sectors to rise, with the other eight groups falling, yet the overall market gained 0.5 per cent.
The Ordinaries index finished at 4,271, while the ASX 200 gained 19 points to 4,263.
Major movers
ANZ and NAB led the charge of the big banks, with both up 2.5 per cent, and CBA and Westpac both up by just under 2 per cent. The banks have benefited from broker upgrades as the wave of economic optimism has led analysts to upgrade their profit forecasts. The ANZ also gained after sources told several media outlets that ANZ is close to a deal worth around $1 billion to purchase some of RBS' Asian assets.
Aquarius Platinum was amongst the best gaining miners, surging 8 per cent on a broker upgrade.
Wheat exporter GrainCorp jumped 6.7 per cent to $8.00 after it raised its profit forecast for a second time. Competitor AWB also gained 4.2 per cent on the news.
Sino Gold picked up 2.8 per cent on the discovery of gold mineralisation near its White Mountain mine in China.
Industrial and mining equipment maker Bradken led a charge by those companies that provide goods and services to the mining industry. It was up 5.1 per cent to $5.55.
Casino operator Crown slipped 2.9 per cent to $7.28 after a broker downgrade.
Property groups were also generally weaker, with Mirvac slipping 2.8 per cent.
World markets
Chinese stocks helped drive the main index of Asia-Pacific stocks (excluding Japan) to an 11 month high, as two surveys showed accelerating Chinese factory output growth. Car and tyre makers were among the biggest winners, after the US Government announced increased funding for its "cash for clunkers" program to encourage households to trade up to more fuel efficient vehicles.
In Tokyo, the Nikkei finished flat at 10,352.
Hong Kong's Hang Seng was up 1 per cent at 5:38pm (AEST).
Mainland China's Shanghai composite index gained 1.5 per cent to 3,463, its highest level since March last year.
Singapore's main share index was flat at 2,659.
European markets have opened up, and US stock futures are also higher.
West Texas crude oil has surged back above $US70 a barrel, and was fetching $US70.91 at 5:48pm, and Tapis is worth $US73.93.
Gold has also surged almost $US15 to $US953.38 an ounce, largely on today's sharp decline in the US dollar.
The US dollar has fallen to its lowest level so far this year, and that decline helped the Australian dollar hit a 10-month high.
It hit a peak of 83.94 US cents, which is its highest level since last September.
The resurgence is due to increased optimism about a global economic recovery, and demand for currencies linked to commodities. At 5:53pm the Australian dollar was fetching:
83.60 US cents
79.41 Japanese yen
58.80 euro cents
49.96 British pence
1.2612 New Zealand dollars
Topics: stockmarket, business-economics-and-finance, company-news, markets, currency, futures, australia, asia
First posted
1 of 5
Visitors to Edmonds' Marina Beach have been wondering about a wooden boat beached there for three weeks. A possible segment for a Gilligan's Island remake? The Castaways? Robinson Crusoe?
Since the boat is on City of Edmonds property, we talked to Edmonds Parks, Recreation and Cultural Services Director Carrie Hite. They put us in touch with the boat's owner, Brick Engstrom, who told us this story:
It was the night of Halloween, and Engstrom, on their way to Tacoma from Port Townsend, had anchored their cabin cruiser, The Hideaway, in the protected area about 100-150 yards off Marina Beach to spend the night aboard. The weather was beautiful — warm and calm — and after securing the anchor they and their Siberian Husky Giovanna Marie (“but I always call them Gio”) went below to spend what they expected to be a restful night before pushing south in the morning.
“I woke up to this incredible crash,” they said. “The fore and aft bilge pumps were going full blast, so I knew I was taking on water. I shook the sleep out of my eyes and ran up on deck to discover I'd slipped my anchor and was foundering on the rocks just off the Edmonds dog park.
“I think it was the wake from a ferry that caused my anchor to slip,” they said. “But whatever the cause, there I was aground on the rocks in the middle of the night. I called the Coast Guard, marine assist and my insurance company. They arrived really fast, and I threw a line to the marine assist folks on shore. My boat was taking on water and starting to list, so I jump overboard and waded in. To make matters worse, I soon learned that Gio was injured badly enough in the accident to require surgery, but she's going to be OK.”
An independent spirit inexorably drawn to the water, Engstrom has dreamed about living aboard and sailing the globe since they were a teenager. Their first live-aboard took them as far as South America, but was later wrecked in an accident. They planned similar adventures with The Hideaway, but the events of Halloween night put these out of reach.
The good pay and seasonal nature of their work as an independent high-rise window washer in Alaska gave Engstrom the chance to live a life that many would envy, but a recent snapped scaffold line and a seven-story fall has kept them from working for a while. “Money has been tight,” they said, “and pretty much everything I have is sunk into The Hideaway.”
Engstrom thought they had a solution to their problem when they found a marine salvage firm that said it could help.
“I met with a person named Rodney William Powell from American Marine Specialties, who said they were able to take on the job,” Engstrom related. “He needed some cash up front to rent the equipment to get the boat off the beach and onto a trailer, so I gave them what I had left over after paying off Gio's vet bill. Then they dropped from sight. I haven't heard from them since, so it looks like my money is gone.”
And in the meantime, The Hideaway remains grounded at the Marina Beach dog park. Buffeted daily by tides, wind and wave action, it has now sustained enough damage to be effectively beyond repair.
Because Marina Beach and the dog park are administered by the Edmonds Parks, Recreation and Cultural Services Department, city officials have been working with Engstrom from the outset to resolve the situation.
“Mr. Engstom has told us verbally that he's given up custody of the boat,” reports Edmonds Parks Director Carrie Hite, “and we're working with the state Department of Natural Resources' Boat Derelict Program so that the city can take possession.”
According to Hite, the process usually takes 30 days, but with The Hideaway stranded on a public beach and becoming further damaged by the day, the DNR has agreed to expedite the process and allow the city to get the boat out of there. However, it will still have to be stored the required 30 days before the city can take custody.
“We've retained a contractor to remove the boat and put it in storage for 30 days until we can officially take possession of it,” they said. “The first step is to remove any residual fuel and other hazardous materials from the boat. As soon as that's done, they'll get the boat off the beach and into storage.
“The DNR Derelict Boat Program will reimburse us for up to 90 percent of the total cost, so the impact on Edmonds finances will be minimal,” they said. “We're looking at options now for what to do with boat after we take custody, but I think it's likely that it will end up with a professional salvage firm.”
Through it all, Brick Engstrom remains true to their dream. “I'll get back up to Alaska, back to work, and back on a firm financial footing,” they said. “Then start looking for another boat.”
— By Larry Vogel
In the past two years, five maids working in Singapore were radicalised, although they "did not pose an imminent security threat" at the time, said the Ministry of Home Affairs (MHA).
The maids were among some 70 foreigners investigated during that period, and had been radicalised through social media. Some of the foreigners were later deported after the authorities in their home countries were informed of their cases.
The statement yesterday came after Indonesia's anti-terror police commandos rounded up four women in the past week on suspicion of terrorism. Among them was Dian Yulia Novi, 27. They had worked in Singapore between 2008 and 2009, said an MHA spokesperson.
Dian had allegedly been planning to mount a suicide bomb attack on the presidential palace in Jakarta. In a television interview broadcast last Tuesday, they said they were first exposed to radical Islam through Facebook by opening profiles of extremists while working as a maid abroad.
They worked for a family with three children here, and as a maid for three years in Taiwan.
Related Story 70 foreigners probed for radicalism
Related Story Woman in Jakarta bomb plot was a maid in Singapore
But Dian did not show signs of being radicalised during their time in Singapore, said the MHA spokesperson, who added: "Our security agencies are in contact with their counterparts regarding them case."
Most of the 70 foreigners investigated in the past two years "were radicalised through their exposure to radical propaganda on social media", said MHA. Some then radicalised others using radical propaganda from online sources.
The Straits Times understands that the five maids were among those radicalised via social media.
While they did not plan to carry out acts of violence in Singapore at the time they were investigated, their presence posed a security concern for Singapore, MHA said.
Six Bangladeshis charged with offences under the Terrorism (Suppression of Financing) Act are serving their sentences here.
With radicalisation through the Internet being a worldwide phenomenon, MHA said social media platform owners have to ensure "their platforms are not used to promote radicalism and terrorism".
A more effective approach in the longer term may be sensitising the public to the dangers of extremist rhetoric and equipping them with social media literacy so they will not be vulnerable to terrorist propaganda online, added the ministry. Those who notice people showing signs of radicalisation should inform the authorities.
"The security agencies meanwhile continue to work closely with their foreign counterparts to share intelligence on terrorism activities," said MHA.
Dian was a member of a cell based in Solo, Central Java. They had hidden a "rice cooker" bomb in their room, where they were arrested on Dec 10.
The arrests of Dian and three other women mark a shift in strategy, with Indonesian militants recruiting women instead of men to mount attacks, national police chief Tito Karnavian has said.
Maids from Indonesia said they were worried about being typecast after the news.
"It affects us too because people will think other Indonesians will end up the same way," said Ms Sri Hartatik, 35, who has worked here for 11 years. "It is common for Muslims, including domestic workers here, to read about religion on social media," they said. But not everyone does so, they added, and neither does she.
Mr Gary Chin, chief executive of maid agency Nation Employment, said that employers should watch out for sudden changes in their helpers' behaviour, show them concern and take an interest in who their friends are.
"If they sense anything amiss, they should inform the agency as well, so that we can arrange for counsellors or family members to speak to the domestic helper."
Dr Rohan Gunaratna, head of the International Centre for Political Violence and Terrorism Research, noted that militant group Islamic State in Iraq and Syria is investing heavily in recruiting in cyberspace.
While Singapore has secured its physical space, it "now needs to better protect its citizens and residents, including the labour population, from cyber radicalisation".
Code Free or Die(): Why Hackers Are so Often Libertarians
by Daniel Franke
To anyone who has inhabited the internet long enough to know ICANN from 4chan or netcat from a LOLcat, it should not come as news that hackers are very frequently libertarians. The reason is commonly understood to be something like this: hackers, by definition, like do odd things, like take their DVD player apart or look up how a nuclear bomb works. Legislators, who chronically fail to understand why anyone would want to do these things or why they would be of value to anyone, pass laws that prohibit or interfere with them. Justifiably upset, hackers adopt political views that oppose such intrusions.
The clearest exposition of this model is perhaps Paul Graham's 2004 essay The Word 'Hacker' . The general idea, however, has been tacitly understood for much longer. It underlies the plaintive tone of most Slashdot stories. Simple observance of the hacker-libertarian correlation is older still; one could not spend ten minutes reading early USENET without getting hit over the head with it. Gordon's Restatement of Newman's Corollary to Godwin's Law observes, Libertarianism (pro, con, and internal faction fights) is the primordial net.news discussion topic. Any time the debate shifts somewhere else, it must eventually return to this fuel source. (I am uncertain precisely when this was written. It was no earlier than 1990 when Godwin's Law was coined, and no later than 1994 when Mike Godwin cited it).
Hackers do indeed have a long and perilous history of falling under the heel of big government. An incomplete timeline follows:
1986: The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act passes, for the first time making cracking a separate crime. While it mostly targets uncontroversially criminal acts, legal harassment by ignorant authorities for perfectly legitimate behavior such as port-scanning becomes routine throughout the '90s.
1993: Philip Zimmerman is targeted by a criminal investigation after PGP makes its way outside of the United States, in violation of US export restrictions on cryptography (which was then classified as munitions).
1996: The Communications Decency Act severely restricts "obscene or indecent" material on the internet. It is overturned by the Supreme Court the following year.
1998: The Digital Millennium Copyright Act passes, making it a crime to circumvent any security measure intended to protect copyrighted material, regardless of intent to violate copyright.
1999: Jon Johansen et. al. release DeCSS, decoding the laughable 'encryption' used on virtually all DVDs and making it possible to watch DVDs using open-source software. The following year, Johansen's house is raided by Norwegian police.
1999: Amazon receives its notorious `1-click' patent.
2000: 72 people in California are served with an injunction forbidding them from wearing a T-shirt containing a portion of the DeCSS source code.
2001: Dimitry Sklyrov, a Russian programmer, while visiting the US, is arrested under the DMCA and detained for several months for having written an e-book reader capable of viewing DRMed e-book formats.
2002: Sarbanes-Oxley renders it nearly impossible for small web startups to go public.
2003: The SCO legal saga begins. SCO demands that all Linux users pay them a $700 license fee.
2003: The FBI abusively invoke USA PATRIOT in order to recover notes from reporters who interviewed Adrian Lamo.
2004: In what Brad Templeton dubs 'spamigation', the RIAA begins suing its customers en masse, filing more than 20,000 lawsuits to date and including children, grandmothers, and the estates of the deceased among its defendants.
2005: FEC Commissioner Bradley Smith asserts that the 'press exemption' of the McCain-Feingold Campaign Finance Reform Act does not protect bloggers.
However, these grievances are insufficient to explain hacker attitudes. Hacker culture has existed for practically as long as university students have had access to computers — well into the early '60s — and even before that it was recognizable in its prior incarnation among amateur radio operators. It has been libertarian for as long as anyone can remember. Yet my timeline begins at 1986. Prior to the CFAA, it is difficult to point to any government intrusion that should trouble hackers in particular. Civilian uses of computers simply weren't on congress's or law enforcement's radar before then.
Lest I misrepresent Graham's thesis, it is broader than any list of grievances. Graham correctly observes that hackers are skeptical of all authority, even where libertarian theory says that such authority is legitimate. Hackers will get just as riled when the PHB that runs their IT department tells them, I just read an article in a trade journal about something called virtualization. We should use it. as they will by any government bureaucratic drone. So hackers had plenty to annoy them before 1986. Government came late to that party.
But the observation that hackers are a parcel of prickly smart-asses does nothing to explain why. If our quirks aren't limited to the intersection of government and technology, then what does any of this attitude have to do with writing code?
Graham's answer to this is as follows:
Let me put the case in terms a government official would appreciate. Civil liberties are not just an ornament, or a quaint American tradition. Civil liberties make countries rich. If you made a graph of GNP per capita vs. civil liberties, you'd notice a definite trend. Could civil liberties really be a cause, rather than just an effect? I think so. I think a society in which people can do and say what they want will also tend to be one in which the most efficient solutions win, rather than those sponsored by the most influential people. Authoritarian countries become corrupt; corrupt countries become poor; and poor countries are weak. It seems to me there is a Laffer curve for government power, just as for tax revenues. At least, it seems likely enough that it would be stupid to try the experiment and find out. Unlike high tax rates, you can't repeal totalitarianism if it turns out to be a mistake. This is why hackers worry. The government spying on people doesn't literally make programmers write worse code. It just leads eventually to a world in which bad ideas win. And because this is so important to hackers, they're especially sensitive to it. They can sense totalitarianism approaching from a distance, as animals can sense an approaching thunderstorm.
But I think this begs the question. It's a libertarian view of why hackers ought to be libertarian. If one agrees with the premise that civil liberties make people rich, then everything else follows neatly. But if authoritarian government doesn't literally make programmers write worse code , then why should hackers be especially likely to make the connection?
One seductively flattering answer to this question comes from a 1992 USENET post by Stuart Reges. In short, Reges holds that there is a certain mental skill — libertarian IQ — that makes us good at forming mental models of how programs operate as well as forming mental models of how society operates. The former ability makes us good hackers. The latter ability gives us an intuitive understanding of why libertarianism works.
Complimentary as this hypothesis may be, I think it misses the point. All the economic theory that goes along with libertarianism is a side show. Libertarianism isn't about what makes us rich; it's about what's right. We hold these truths to be self-evident and all that. Libertarians don't oppose big government because it's clumsy or wasteful. They oppose it because it's evil.
Besides, I think Reges gives us too much credit. The median hacker's understanding of Austrian or Chicago-school economics is hand-wavier than he'd tolerate from themselves on any technical matter. Bring up externalities and the free-rider problem and he'll change the subject. Sure, the most sophisticated among us will cite Coase's Theorem, but most hackers have never heard of it, and even my own background only allows me an informal understanding of it.
I propose that we've been looking at the problem from the wrong angle. It isn't that hackers tend to adopt libertarian politics, nor is there any third factor that influences both. Rather, people with a naturally anti-authoritarian attitude tend to become attracted to programming.
The phrase knowledge is power is hopelessly clichéd, but it's true in a very literal sense. That which one does not understand has power over him. People who have no interest in understanding computers are entirely accustomed to getting bossed around by them; it just seems like a fact of life. If you don't know that you can clear the read-only bit on a file by right-clicking it and unchecking the attribute in the properties dialog, then not being allowed to edit the file doesn't seem fundamentally different from not being allowed to play an encrypted .wma file because Microsoft shut down its licensing server. Trying to get non-technical people upset about DRM is hopeless. They're subjected to the tyrannical whims of their computer all the time. What's so particularly bad about this one?
But to those of libertarian temperament, this is an unacceptable state of affairs. Getting bossed around by government is bad enough. But getting bossed around by an inanimate object? Simply intolerable. How do I control this thing?
This model of the hacker psyche explains a lot of our personality quirks. When unwilling to cope with not understanding a technology, learning about it is the not only option. The other option is to become a luddite. Hackers lapse into ludditism with some frequency.
To wit, I have the cheapest piece-of-junk cell phone still on the market. It can't even download ringtones. But it's really good for making phone calls. Because that's what cell phones are for. They aren't for sending email. They aren't for taking pictures. They aren't for playing Tetris. They're for making phone calls. It's really annoying accidentally hitting the wrong button and then trying to figure out how to get my phone out of camera mode. I don't want to figure out how to get my phone out of camera mode, because phones aren't for taking pictures. They're for making phone calls.
Some people laugh at me for this attitude, but it's the same sentiment that hackers adopt whenever they rail against software bloat. We've all overheard, if not participated in, conversations that go like this:
I don't want my text editor to read mail! I just want a text editor! So just use it as a text editor. But then I still have to have all this other junk sitting around. Why can't you just ignore it? It's not even exposed in the UI. You have to know the right M-x command in order to get to it. It's less than 80MB of stuff, you have a 1TB hard drive, and most of it doesn't get loaded into RAM until you invoke it. But it's gross!
It may seem like a stretch to call the emacs-hater's attitude ludditism, and a further stretch to call it libertarian. But the psychology is there nonetheless. Nobody wants to take the time to understand something they consider superfluous. Rationally or not, hackers will meet any technology they don't understand with suspicion — not just of its merits, but of its safety. I don't want it screwing up my system , we'll tell you, even if we know perfectly well that it will just sit inert on the hard drive. Ever recompile your kernel just to disable a module that you don't need? Most of us have, and yet this completely defies any rational basis.
But this irrationality is commonplace. Libertarian attitudes routinely overshoot libertarian principles. Essentially all libertarians support the right to bear arms, but consider property rights more fundamental. Thus, we acknowledge the right of property-owners to forbid firearms on their property. But that won't stop libertarians from getting annoyed whenever a property-owner exercises that right.
We get annoyed with the hoplophobe for the same reason that we yank that useless module out of our kernel: we hate and fear being controlled.
Thanks to Spencer Bagley, Alex Krupp, Mike Geiger, Eric S. Raymond, Jason Murad, and Cain Norris for their input on drafts of this article.
Back to main page
–
The Crafting of Heimdall's Sword
In November of 2009, Myself, Swordsmith David DelaGardelle of Cedarlore Forge and my friend and fellow Metal Artisan, Andy Davis, were contacted by the production team working on bringing Marvel Comic's legendary comic book Thor to the big screen. They were looking for swordsmith's capable of crafting a huge, intricately detailed, legendary hero weapon for the formidable and powerful character, Heimdall. Without hesitation, we took on this incredible but difficult task in the short time the production team had given us. Setting out we had no idea just how much we would learn and just how much of a blessing and adventure the experience would be.
The props team working on the film came to us with a rough conceptual design that one of their talented artists had painted. David then began to refine the design back forth with the team in Photoshop to make it as functional and realistic as possible. In refining the design, we tried our best within the parameters to throw in some slightly historical touches seen on some ancient Germanic swords, such as the swords fuller and knot work patterns. The sword itself however is obviously at its core meant to be majestic and quite literally “out of this world”.
We were blessed with the task to bring to life two hero steel and two stunt aluminum copies of this one sword.
While we were only asked to create this one particular sword it was still the most challenging project we had ever undertaken as sword makers, up to this point. So we were happy to pour all of our energy and imagination into this one very prominent hero sword. The rest of the film's weapons were beautifully crafted by none other than world renowned swordsmith and armorer: Tony Swatton and their skilled group at Sword and Stone in California.
David hardening the blade by heating it to non magnetic and quenching it in oil:
Andy sending sparks flying while grinding the blade to shape:
After we had finalized the design for Heimdall's sword with the team we went straight to the forge with a drive and zeal to craft something incredible. We began by crafting the blade from high quality L6 tool steel. Ground, hardened, tempered, and polished it to an antique blued finish. The swords ornate guard and pommel were the most challenging aspect of the entire sword, due to their unique shape and function.
The sword, known in Norse mythology by the name of “Hofud” is not simply a mere war sword, instead it is an ancient key that controls Heimdall's technologically advanced observatory on the Bifrost bridge of Asgard. It opens and closes portals to other worlds and dimensions in which the hero's fight in the film. Being both a sword and a key, the guard serves the double purpose of obviously protecting its wielder, and also serving as extending handle bars to turn the key once its placed into its keyhole.
David at work cleaning up and refining the knotwork on the cast bronze crossguard:
The guard and pommel were cast out of hollowed polished bronze for the hero steel swords, and colored lightweight aluminum for the stunt versions. Norse knotwork was carved into the fittings and into the figured Mahogany grips by hand on each copy of the sword. The knotwork is a reflective nod back to the original Norse mythology and cultural-history the comics were based off of, while still keeping a modern vibe of an unknown advanced civilization. The knotwork is also reflective of the patterns seen inside the walls of Heimdall's observatory and in the architecture and decor of the city of Asgard itself. In total, the sword stood at 5 ½ feet long from tip to pommel, and the hero steel and bronze versions weighed close to 10 pounds each.
Shots of the sword in the movie:
In the end, Heimdall's sword turned out to be a sword we would have never dreamed of crafting ourselves. We are beyond thankful for being blessed to have worked on such a creatively stimulating and challenging project that pushed our skills further as young swordsmith's who are still learning this craft in a traditional context.
We're honored to have played a small role in this incredible film, and we hope that our work somehow reflects back to the traditional and historical elements of swordsmithing amidst the incredible visual scope of this modern epic.
The Finished Sword:
–
Cedarlore Forge LLC in no way owns the rights or images of and related to the Sword of Heimdall used in Marvel Comic's movie Thor ©
Thor, the Movie: © 2011 MVL Film Finance LLC. Marvel, Thor, Heimdall, Heimdall's sword, all images related to the Sword of Heimdall, and all related character names and their distinctive likenesses: TM & © 2011 Marvel Entertainment, LLC and its subsidiaries. All rights reserved. © Cedarlore Forge LLC. All rights reserved.
–
–
–
–
–
