The urban exploration community has grown precipitously in recent years. /r/urbanexploration on reddit has more than 100,000 subscribers; uer.ca has tens of thousands of members all over the world, even with their steep membership requirements and tacky flash animations. Even this blog itself has reached an audience of several thousand enthusiasts, from the United States, Canada, the UK, Russia, Australia, Germany, Sweden, Spain, the Netherlands, France, New Zealand, Norway, Ireland, Denmark, Japan, Hong Kong, and more than twenty five other countries.
Clearly, the world was looking for something like Urbex. But there is a problem, a breakdown of communication and confusion. Outside journalists have trouble understanding the urbex community– they either characterize the activity as the pastime of daredevils, madmen, and the pathologically reckless, or they make it seem like something that can be done from the comfort of an armchair. Urbex is difficult to get a grasp of because it is composed of a variety of loosely interconnected activities. The important thing to realize is that urbex is the natural development of a certain philosophy.
What the urbex community needs is a manifesto. A calling card, an answer to the question, “What is urban exploration?” This should be an open discussion, and I by no means speak for all the thousands and thousands of curious explorers in the world, but here is my idea of what it is all about.
Urbex is for people who have always wondered what it would be like to look at the world from the bottom of a ladder they were never meant to climb down. It is for people who were promised adventure as children, but when the world handed them the SAT, 9 to 5's, and Google Maps directions, they felt betrayed. These are people who frequently leave their house not really knowing where they're headed. These are people who take shortcuts that end up doubling the distance.
Urbex is for people who disagree with, at least partly, the way the world is headed. They think that fences are something meant to be hopped, that shoes are meant to get muddy, and that a flashlight is meant to shine in dark places.
Urbex is for the curious. It is for people who spend hours on the internet looking for ghost towns and abandoned quarries. It is for people who, when they see a map, can guess where the best tunnels are. It is for people who hate to see old buildings knocked down. It is for people who have poison oak rashes on some part of their body nine months out of the year.
Urbex is for people who would gladly spend the night in an abandoned house to find out if there is anything to the ghost stories told about it. It is for people who only really know where they are when they're lost.
The way an urbex enthusiast looks at the world is different from the way a non-urbexer does. The enthusiast glances under bridges as they drive over them. They size up every fence they see. They dress so that they aren't seen unless they choose to be. They wonder where locked doors lead. They wonder if that way into the building through the coal chute, storm drain, basement, or fire escape is a good idea or not. They spend two years searching for a place that probably didn't even exist.
The non-urbexer's idea of adventure is something that needs a plane ticket to get to. Of course the backcountry of Alaska, Patagonia, Antarctica, and the Himalayas are out there, but for most people, most of the time, they are out of reach. Adventure with a capital “A” is something entirely different from most urbex trips. But a central tenant of urban exploration is in the name– it is adventure close to home– within reach of most people most of the time.
Urban explorers enjoy knowing things other people do not. They thrive off of secrets, but long for the chance to show someone new what they have found.
Most of the activities married to urbex can be sorted into two categories: those which enable the discovery of secrets, and those which aid the sharing of secrets. Biking, hiking, trail running, rock climbing, backpacking, orienteering, and research belong to the first category. Photography, cinematography, and writing belong to the second category.
In a sentence, Urban Exploration is the art of finding adventure where the world doesn't expect it.
John and Vanessa talk on “Big Brother.” (CBS)
At first, the “Big Brother” finale on Wednesday night looked like it might be a repeat of last year: A skillful contestant with an advantage from a job in the outside world would win the $500,000 grand prize.
Then, things took a turn. Vanessa Rousso, a polarizing 32-year-old professional poker player who had been strategically manipulating the players, was the final person sent packing. It happened quickly, as they lost the final head of household competition to Steve Moses, an inconspicuous 22-year-old college student. Calling Vanessa “strongest female player” in show history, Steve booted Vanessa from the competition and chose to go head-to-head with 23-year-old marketing coordinator Liz Nolan — a much weaker player — as the final two contestants.
Steve, the recipient of $500,000. (©2015 CBS Broadcasting, Inc. All Rights Reserved)
The “Big Brother” jury of previously evicted contestants awarded the $500,000 prize to Steve (Liz got $50,000 as the runner-up), so it worked out well for him. However, the ending illustrated the frustration with watching a show like “Big Brother,” a psychological minefield that traps competitors in a camera-filled house and makes them vote each other out, week by week. The other contestants hated Vanessa because they controlled them throughout the entire game, switching back and forth so effortlessly between subtle and intimidating tactics that most didn't even realize their power until it was too late. But their manipulation made the show interesting. So is it really satisfactory for viewers to have a lesser player win, no matter how much you dislike her?
[‘Big Brother' is a terrible show — here's why I'll never stop watching]
Last season, the winner was Derrick Levasseur, an undercover cop who used their sly observational skills to run the game. They were similar to Vanessa in the sense that they were able to read people because of their real-life job; unlike Vanessa, they didn't make any enemies. Yet as impressive as it was to watch their strategy, and as much as they deserved to win … it was ultimately a pretty dull season since they were just so nice all of the time. Vanessa may have turned everyone against them by the end when their fellow contestants realized their dirty tricks, but at least they were a wild card who infused the game with some much-needed drama.
Vanessa on ‘Big Brother' (©2015 CBS Broadcasting, Inc.)
“How many people are here because of Vanessa's influence?” former player Will Kirby asked the jury of evicted contestants during the finale. In “How many of you have ever felt personally victimized by Regina George?” fashion, everyone raised their hand.
So even though Vanessa was the one to keep the show moving with their constant manipulations, they lost out on the prize at the last minute, an irritating ending for people who have been invested in the show for the last three months. Even if you despised Vanessa, which many viewers did, at least they kept things entertaining.
It likely wasn't the satisfactory ending CBS was looking for. A few weeks ago, CBS chairperson Les Mooves publicly slammed this season: “This wasn't a great year for casting on ‘Big Brother,'” they told Vulture. “Usually you have one or two disappointments. I think we had five or six disappointments.”
Really, the best way for “Big Brother” to avoid disappointment is to cast more than one real-life savvy, strategic player — ensuring that no matter who makes it to the end, viewers won't leave feeling cheated.
Read more:
Is this the most sexist ‘Big Brother' season ever?
‘Big Brother' comes to D.C.: Talking to the casting director behind the polarizing show
How we went from ‘Survivor' to more than 300 reality shows
politics Poll Position: Toronto Favours Scarborough LRT, Again
Residents prefer more value for money, even if most of their elected representatives don't.
“If the three stop Scarborough Subway is increased to four stops, it will cost more than $3 billion dollars. For the same amount of money, a 30 stop LRT network that would cover the entire municipality could be built. Which would you prefer overall, a four stop subway or a 30 stop LRT network across Scarborough, if each cost the same?”
Thirty stop LRT network: 61%
Four stop subway: 29%
Other/Don't Know: 11%
January 24-25, 2015
843
±3%, 19 times out of 20
Interactive voice response telephone survey
Forum Research
In the Forum poll, LRTs won out over subways by 23 percentage points in Scarborough, proving that it's not always about what kind of transit technology you offer, but the kind of planning and access you provide. While LRTs have proved consistently popular in polls over the past year or so, there is one demographic that light rail cannot seem to win over: risk-averse politicians.
Understanding Political Polls
When SICKO was released in 2007, it resulted in an all-out smear campaign by the health care industry, so much did they fear it. According to Wendell Potter, the former Cigna exec who was interviewed recently by Bill Moyers in a program entitled "Profits Before Patients," they were afraid because they knew that what SICKO documented was true, and if the American public found out about what they were doing, their industry would be toast. (If you haven't seen the Moyers/Potter interview already, make sure to watch it too, and send it to your friends and family, and even more importantly, your legislators. Let's make it go viral!)
So the health care industry spent untold dollars insisting that Moore's claims in SICKO were false, and trying to suppress the film, but as intrepid Kossack jamess noted in their excellent recent diary, Moore fought back, and even took on CNN's Sanjay Gupta when they tried to discredit SICKO.
So, if you missed it before, or want to watch it again, here's your chance to see SICKO. Showtime will be airing it several times this month on it's cable channels TMC (The Movie Channel) and TMC Xtra. Make sure to click on "More Air Times," or, for your convenience, check out the info below:
Sicko
Program Details Description Documentary filmmaker Michael Moore, that lightning rod of sociopolitical controversy, continues their provocative cinematic crusade with this incendiary, highly critical examination of the greed fueling America's private enterprise health care system. Year: 2007
Rating: PG13
Duration: 123 Mins
AIR TIMES: On TMC Xtra
08/05/09 at 7:30 AM On TMC Xtra
08/05/09 at 7:30 AM On TMC Xtra
08/05/09 at 2:15 AM On The Movie Channel
08/07/09 at 4:15 PM On The Movie Channel
08/07/09 at 5:00 AM On TMC Xtra
08/10/09 at 9:30 AM On TMC Xtra
08/05/09 at 2:15 AM On The Movie Channel
08/07/09 at 4:15 PM On The Movie Channel
08/07/09 at 5:00 AM On TMC Xtra
08/10/09 at 9:30 AM
If you get any grief from those who would continue with the smear of SICKO, you could refer to Michael Moore's Factcheck page, where all the false claims are debunked with reliable data. You could also check out thewiki on Sicko. And why not ask your legislators to watch it too?
Finally, I hope you'll take a moment to thank Showtime (it appears that Showtime owns TMC and is in turn a part of the CBS network) for airing SICKO. You can contact Showtime here, but unfortunately it looks like they require a registration and login to comment and I also found this contact info, although I'm not certain if it's good:
You can contact Showtime Entertainment by calling 1-800-646-0608 or sending an email to dave@eshowtime2000.com..
Probably better is to contact CBS directly,here or call at 212-975-4321. Please do this, because you've gotta know that once the opponents of health care reform get wind of the airing of SICKO, both CBS and Showtime are sure to be bombarded with anti-SICKO emails.
They have the money, but we have the passion. Medicare for All!
UPDATE: For those who don't have cable, there apparently is a site where you canview SICKO online. Hat tip to reflectionsv37 for finding the site. He/she says that the quality is uncertain, but even if it's not so hot, it's worth watching.
UPDATE 2: Another hat tip, this one to TrueBlueMajority who has found another link to SICKO for online viewing. It'shere. According to TrueBlueMajority,
...the first link (reflectionsv37's) is a .swf (shockwave flash format) file, and some computers find that easier to play.
while the second one
is an .avi file (audio visual interleave--a kind of RIFF file) and [some computers have] an easier time with them (you have to have Windows Media Player 9 or higher)
Of course, if you don't have one of the cable stations in question, you could always bribe a friend that does have the station with a bottle of wine or other enticement. ;)
Many Afghans surveyed felt that foreign aid was not reaching them
Poverty and unemployment are overwhelmingly seen as the main reasons behind conflict in Afghanistan, according to a survey in that country. British aid agency Oxfam - which questioned 704 Afghans - said seven out of 10 respondents blamed these factors. Taliban violence was seen as less important than government weakness and corruption, according to the poll. Oxfam said the survey showed that the country needed more than military solutions. Half our people have been driven mad
An unnamed Afghan man interviewed in Nangarhar One in five said they had been tortured and one in 10 claimed to have been imprisoned at least once since 1979, when Soviet forces invaded. Based on what those surveyed said: • one in six Afghans are currently considering leaving the country • three-quarters of Afghans have been forced to leave their homes since 1979 • one in 10 Afghans have been imprisoned at least once SEE THE FULL REPORT
The findings in detail [1.17MB] Most computers will open this document automatically, but you may need Adobe Reader Eight Afghan non-governmental organisations helped conduct the poll in 14 provinces across the country between January and April 2009, Oxfam said. Those interviewed, it adds, were men and women selected at random. 'Always in fear' The fourth most important factor behind the fighting, according to the survey published in a report entitled The Cost of War, was interference by neighbouring countries. "The people of Afghanistan have suffered 30 years of unrelenting horror," said Oxfam chief executive Barbara Stocking. "In that time millions have been killed and millions more have fled their homes. Those who have committed the most terrible abuses have enjoyed impunity rather than faced justice. Afghan society has been devastated."
One respondent in Nangarhar, whose name was concealed in order to protect their identity, described the impact of the conflict on their fellow Afghans. "What do you think the effect that two million Afghans martyred, 70% of Afghanistan destroyed and our economy eliminated has had on us?" they asked. FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.
More from Today programme "Half our people have been driven mad. A man who is 30 or 40 years old looks like they are 70. We always live in fear. We are not secure anywhere in Afghanistan." Another man interviewed said: "If people are jobless they are capable of anything." The survey suggests that many Afghans believe foreign aid does not reach those who need it most. Addressing the military conflict, Oxfam's chief executive said the message from ordinary people in Afghanistan was that "all sides must stop targeting civilians". They wanted international forces to tighten their restrictions on air strikes and night raids and to investigate properly all allegations of harm to civilians, they said. The Afghan people interviewed also wanted insurgents to "stop taking refuge in civilian areas, which puts normal Afghans on the front lines of the conflict", they added.
Bookmark with: Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon What are these? E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Post by zenofex » Sat Feb 18, 2012 5:19 am
Modified flash plugin with custom per box flash string for Content Provider Bypass.
Crippled Update to prevent box from receiving automatic updates.
Completely RW system partitions
Full ADB Root
No more signed modules
Among a few other surprises.
Greetings users,It's my pleasure to announce our latest release "The GTVHacker Sony Recovery Downgrader & Rebooter". This method will allow you to downgrade your Sony Blu-Ray GoogleTV Blu-Ray Player or Flat Panel to run unsigned kernels. The guide and information about the process can be found at our wiki:The process in the guide above will walk you through downgrading the kernel to an exploitable version. Then using that particular exploit to hijack the devices boot process where we reload to a new kernel completely bypassing the signatures normally used by the system. This process will happen automatically each time the box is powered on and the USB drives required for the installation are not needed again. After loading our attached unsigned kernel you will notice a new splash screen (featuring the Sony and GTVHacker logo) as well as the following perks.Between the speediness of the 3.2 upgrade and this we will finally have the box we've always wanted from the GoogleTV. I recommend this update to everyone as it only requires 4 USB sticks and is a 100% softmod (No soldering required!).Thanks,Zenofex
A Richland High School teacher who just returned from a mission trip to South Africa has some parents concerned about the threat of Ebola.School officials confirmed that art teacher Emily Hemans was in South Africa, and went through a screening process.Watch the report"Travelers to South Africa are not considered at risk for exposure to Ebola," said Robin Haney, director of public relations for RCSD.But a group of parents, who did not want to be identified, said they were not told about the teacher's mission trip in advance."Do we believe what the school says and wait until someone comes up sick? Or do we just believe what they said just roll with it? You know what I'm saying? I just don't know what to do," one of the parents said.The parents said they would like to meet with RCSD officials so they can learn where exactly the teacher traveled during their trip.
A Richland High School teacher who just returned from a mission trip to South Africa has some parents concerned about the threat of Ebola.
School officials confirmed that art teacher Emily Hemans was in South Africa, and went through a screening process.
Advertisement
Watch the report
"Travelers to South Africa are not considered at risk for exposure to Ebola," said Robin Haney, director of public relations for RCSD.
But a group of parents, who did not want to be identified, said they were not told about the teacher's mission trip in advance.
"Do we believe what the school says and wait until someone comes up sick? Or do we just believe what they said just roll with it? You know what I'm saying? I just don't know what to do," one of the parents said.
The parents said they would like to meet with RCSD officials so they can learn where exactly the teacher traveled during their trip.
AlertMe
Superhero nerds and comics snobs, gather and rejoice! We're proud to make an exclusive announcement: Marvel Comics is about to publish the first new Miracleman stories in 20 years. And what's more, one of those stories will be the first-ever publication of a long-lost Miracleman script written nearly 30 years ago by psychedelic Scottish comics legend Grant Morrison.
On New Year's Eve, you can head to your local comics shop (or online retailer, if you hate the smell of paper) and buy Miracleman Annual No. 1. It will feature the following delights: the asupervisorstioned never-before-seen Grant Morrison story, which will be drawn by Marvel Entertainment's chief creative officer (and veteran penciler) Joe Quesada; a brand-new Miracleman story written by Peter Milligan and drawn by Mike Allred; a cover by Italian illustrator Gabriele Dell'Otto; and a variant cover by Bone writer-artist Jeff Smith. For the comics world, this is a huge deal.
“People talk about comics like Watchmen and The Dark Knight Returns, but Miracleman affected modern comics as much as them, if not more so,” Quesada told me. “This is going to be part of the historical tapestry of the character.”
Cover to “Miracleman Annual” No. 1. Art by Gabriele Dell'Otto.
Here's some context for the perplexed (and you can find more information in this story we wrote about Miracleman a few months ago). In the 1950s, British writer-artist Mick Anglo created Marvelman, a comics series starring a blond Superman ripoff and their two young sidekicks. The series shut down in 1963, but was revived in 1982 as a dark, mind-expanding, industry-changing saga written by comics god Alan Moore. After a copyright battle, the series was renamed Miracleman and written by Neil Gaiman until its publisher went bankrupt in 1994. Over time, it became a sacred item: the best-known comics series that you could never purchase. In 2009, Marvel Comics announced they'd bought the rights to Miracleman and, this year, started republishing the original comics.
But no one saw this news coming. Fans have known about the lost Morrison story for years, but no one was holding out much hope that it would ever surface. It was mired in controversy: A young Morrison wrote it in the mid-'80s with the blessing of Marvelman's publisher. But the deal fell apart, allegedly because of Moore. Here's what Morrison said of the incident in an interview a few years ago:
I didn't want to do it without Moore's permission, and I wrote to them and said, “They've asked me to do this, but obviously I really respect you work, and I wouldn't want to mess anything up. But I don't want anyone else to do it and mess it up.” And they sent me back this really weird letter, and I remember the opening of it, it said, “I don't want this to sound like the softly hissed tones of a mafia hitman, but back off.”
Whatever the personal details may have been, Morrison's script faded into the mist. Flash-forward to a few years ago, when Quesada and some of their Marvel compatriots were working to secure the Miracleman rights. Quesada told me they stumbled across an interview in which Morrison mentioned the lost story.
“[In the interview,] Grant said something like, ‘I'm sure I have the script somewhere, maybe I'll dig it up and just post it online for the fans, just for the fun of it,” Quesada recalled. “Several things came to mind. One was, Oh my God, this actually happened. Another was, Oh my God, they may have the actual script. Another was, Please don't put it out for free yet!”
Variant cover for “Miracleman Annual” No. 1. Art by Jeff Smith.
Morrison agreed to give Marvel the script, but under the condition that Quesada — who hasn't drawn a full comics story in years — draw it himself. It's a short, meditative tale about Miracleman sidekick turned nemesis Johnny Bates, set before the apocalyptic events of Miracleman No. 15.
As previously mentioned, the issue will also feature a story written by Peter Milligan, another boundary-pushing Brit who came out of the experimental ‘80s. It'll be illustrated by frequent Milligan collaborator and pop-art phenom Mike Allred, best known for creating Madman and drawing titles like X-Statix and the current Silver Surfer series. But this story will hew more to the technicolor Marvelman of the ‘50s than the grim one of the ‘80s and ‘90s.
“We're doing a story that, if you like, looks at the Mick Anglo years, what might be seen on the outside as the innocent, old-fashioned years,” Milligan told me. “There's a scintilla of self-awareness, with Marvelman being — I don't want to give too much away, but the story is not without some awareness that it's all going to change very quickly. It's an homage. All the guys are there, all the craziness.”
Unfinished page for “Miracleman Annual” No. 1. Art by Joe Quesada.
The notoriously hard-to-reach Morrison couldn't be reached for comment. But we can infer their excitement based on the way they wrote about Miracleman in their truly bizarre 2011 quasi-autobiography, Supergods. “Moore's command of their material brought the disciplines and structures of drama, literature, and music to superhero comics in a way that made the familiar suddenly fresh,” Morrison wrote (with remarkable diplomacy, for a guy who'd feuded so hard with Moore.) “His was a challenging and articulate voice in a complacent field.”
As you anxiously wait for the New Year's Eve release date, you can still pick up Marvel's reprintings of the Moore- and Gaiman-era Miracleman issues. And Marvel confirmed to me that they're still moving ahead with their plans to get Gaiman to write the conclusion of the series, which abruptly stopped its original run at issue 24. No matter how good any of these new stories end up being (though they're very likely to be delightful), all of this news is cause for celebration. Infighting in the comics world is usually a death sentence for good stories, but we're witnessing a rare instance of rebirth.
SEBASTIEN Ogier and Team Volkswagen have World Rally Championship glory at their finger tips - they just need to overcome the challenges of the Aussie bush to win a maiden title.
Ogier is shaping up to be the big story of the Coates Hire Rally Australia - Coffs Coast.
Many say they just has to finish the four-day rally, starting Thursday, to clinch their first WRC drivers' championship.
To do so would cap off a dream run for Volkswagen in its first campaign to win the manufacturers' title with the VW Polo.
"This is my chance to secure the title for the first time and it's definitely my big target," Ogier said.
"When you try to push the limits in a rally it's always a place for mistakes.
"So it's our job to avoid the tricky things out there and to finish the title off as a team."
Taking time out from their preparations for Rally Australia, Jari-Matti Latvala, Andreas Mikkelsen and Ogier were happy to pose for photos at the Coffs Harbour International Marina.
The guys say they hope the next team photo shoot will be a champagne spray on the podium on Sunday.
Note: Videos may contain authoring issues that have been fixed, and are for preview purposes only. Video recording courtesy of Lowlander.
C3 releases for February 13, 2015:
New! Customs for My Valentine 2015 (farottone)
Paul McCartney – “My Love”
Queen – “Good Old-Fashioned Lover Boy”
Sade – “Your Love is King”
New! Singles
Anika Nilles – “Alter Ego” (GreenPanda12 and I Have Friendzz)
(GreenPanda12 and I Have Friendzz) Coldplay – “Don't Panic” (Ruck Bogers 22 feat. Nyxyxylyth)
(Ruck Bogers 22 feat. Nyxyxylyth) My Bloody Valentine – “Only Shallow” (BearzUnlimited)
(BearzUnlimited) Nightmare Lyre – “Memories (Boss)” M 2x (Nightmare Lyra)
A red X denotes Pro Guitar/Pro Bass charts, a blue M denotes full multitracks, a blue K denotes a “karaoke” multitrack (separated vocals), and a rusty 2x denotes that a 2x Bass Pedal version is also available. FtV denotes a song previously released by a C3 author outside of C3.
After last year's Valentine's pack and Anti-Valentine's pack, I feel like I'm out of blog post ideas. Love, you know? It's pretty cool, I guess. Hearts. Cupids. Crass commercialism. Fortunately, our authors have much more to say about it than I do, with three bona fide love songs in this year's Valentine's pack, and four more singles with varying degrees of Valentine-ness. As is often the case, there's something for everyone, so pick your favorites and go to town!
Authors' comments for this week's songs:
“Only Shallow” – Bearz says, “This song has a riff that's heavy and noisy, yet ethereal and dreamy. The instrument parts aren't challenging but have enough variation to keep them interesting. The vocal part is also quite soothing.”
“Memories (Boss)” – NL says, “Ho/Po filled Guitar, crazy Drums, riffy Bass and orchestral Keys makes this a fun challenge to try and overcome.”
See you next Friday!
New! Customs for My Valentine 2015
New! Singles
Download 2x Bass Pedal version
Advertisements
Today, I released a report confirming that Iran has completed the necessary preparatory steps to start the implementation of the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action. The report was submitted to the IAEA Board of Governors and to the United Nations Security Council.
It was issued after Agency inspectors on the ground verified that Iran has carried out all measures required under the JCPOA to enable Implementation Day to occur.
This paves the way for the IAEA to begin verifying and monitoring Iran's nuclear-related commitments under the agreement, as requested by the U.N. Security Council and authorised by the IAEA Board.
Relations between Iran and the IAEA now enter a new phase. It is an important day for the international community. I congratulate all those who helped make it a reality, especially the group of countries known as the E3/EU+3, Iran and the IAEA Board.
In line with its commitments, Iran will start to provisionally implement the Additional Protocol to its Safeguards Agreement with the IAEA. Together with other nuclear-related measures under the JCPOA, this increases the Agency's ability to monitor nuclear activities in Iran and to verify that they are peaceful.
We have come a long way since the IAEA first started considering the Iran nuclear issue in 2003. A lot of work has gone into getting us here, and implementation of this agreement will require a similar effort. For our part, we are ready to get on with the job.
Evan Stravers
The 359 from Portland, Oregon–based PATH Architecture is a 144-square-foot tiny house that can be manually rotated to chase the light, regulate heat, or change the view.
PATH owner and principal Benjamin J. Kaiser wrote in an email that they first had the idea five years ago. They built a rotating bezel mechanism that would allow the house to be spun around. But it languished, “waiting for the right owner to come along,” they said. “Last year I mentioned the idea to friends of mine who have a triple lot in downtown Portland. They said that they'd love to have 359 land on their property.”
Evan Stravers
Treehugger likened the 359 to a modern-day version of George Bernard Shaw's rotating “writing hut,” but Kaiser said that although they had seen larger rotating houses, they were unaware of the famous studio when they designed the fully inhabitable 359.
Kaiser described the 359 concept as “the logical union of the smaller housing trend (after the recession and with global warming in mind) combined with energy consciousness.” The entire 12-foot-by-12-foot house is heated easily by one 110V Cadet heater.
Evan Stravers
Kaiser's initial design was for an off-grid structure complete with a composting toilet, a bank of batteries located beneath the deck, an ultra-efficient heat pump, and waste water dumping directly into a circular filtration trench, allowing the water line to come up through the bezel's center. But the owner wanted a flushing toilet, so Kaiser tweaked the design.
The house is called 359 because that is how many degrees it can be turned (leaving 1 degree to prevent the house's electrical and water lines from getting tangled). The outgoing waste line that serves the kitchen and bathroom is located in the exact center of the house and is tied to the city of Portland's sewer system. “The electrical and water lines are accommodated by a coil of protected supply lines,” Kaiser said. “These lines move with the structure yet cannot continue to go around in the same direction, thus the 359 degrees of rotation.”
Evan Stravers
Kaiser said that they are working on a design that will turn the full 360 degrees by accommodating the water and electrical connections in much the same way that cranes allow full rotation.
The baseline cost of the house with full plumbing and electrical hookups is $145,000; the off-grid version is $90,000.
Evan Stravers
Kaiser said that the turning mechanism is designed to prevent the house from flying off the rails in high winds or earthquake. Manually rotating the house is literally child's play, as demonstrated in the video below, in which the owner's 7- and 10-year-old sons show us how it's done:
Sometimes, the simplest solutions are the smartest. That's the case with Microsoft's sleep proxy project, which preserves remote access to corporate desktop machines while allowing them to remain in sleep mode.
Consider: Many people leave their work PCs on when they leave in case they need to access files while at home or at meetings. Powering them up and down takes lots of juice, too. IT departments also may want PCs powered on to perform maintenance. But this wastes energy–a big problem when you take into account that enterprise desktop computers consume an estimated 65 TWh of energy each year (equivalent to the entire domestic energy consumption of Romania).
Microsoft's solution: a so-called sleep server that maintains the network presence of a sleeping computer so that it can be awoken when someone requests remote access. No special hardware is required, and according to Microsoft representatives, the server doesn't significantly impact the time that it takes for a computer to wake back up when someone returns to the office.
Microsoft is already testing the sleep server at its Redmond campus with positive results. Once the technology is released to the public, we can't imagine why energy-conscious companies wouldn't jump on it immediately.
The Calgary Flames announced today that they have acquired defenceman Michael Stone from the Arizona Coyotes in exchange for Calgary's third round pick in 2017 and a conditional fifth round pick in '18.
Stone, a third round pick (69th overall) by the Coyotes in the 2008 NHL Draft, has played 45 games for Arizona this season and registered nine points (1G, 8A) and 12 PIMs. The 26-year-old spent four seasons with the Calgary Hitmen of the WHL, before starting their NHL career where they have played 324 games for the Coyotes and recorded 96 points (24G, 72A) and 190 PIMs.
MICHAEL STONE - DEFENCE
BORN: Winnipeg, MB DATE: June 7, 1990
HEIGHT: 6'3'' WEIGHT: 210 lbs.
SHOOTS: Right
DRAFTED: ARI - 3rd round (69th overall) in the 2008 NHL Draft
A new lawsuit condemns Northwestern University and a former star professor central to Illinois' history of wrongful convictions and exonerations, alleging the university allowed a “culture of lawlessness” and unethical conduct among faculty and journalism students who worked to free inmates.
The suit seeking $40 million in damages was filed Tuesday in federal court on behalf of Alstory Simon, who spent some 15 years in prison after they confessed and pleaded guilty to a double-homicide in Chicago. Simon's confession led to the release of Anthony Porter, who had been on death row for the 1982 slayings.
The case is one of the most significant in Illinois history, since Porter's release helped spur then-Gov. George Ryan to halt executions, a step toward the abolition of the death penalty in 2011. But the case was upended in October when Cook County prosecutors agreed to throw out Simon's conviction, citing questions about the methods used to obtain their confession.
The suit alleges that former professor David Protess, a private investigator who worked with them and a lawyer conspired to frame Simon as part of an effort to free Porter from prison. The suit alleges Protess and the investigator manufactured bogus evidence, coaxed false statements from witnesses, intimidated Simon into confessing and set them up with a lawyer, Jack Rimland, who coached them to plead guilty.
The university, the suit claims, allowed unethical acts by students and Protess, who taught investigative reporting at Northwestern's prestigious journalism school and founded the Medill Innocence Project, a key engine of the often successful local movement to unearth injustices. Simon's suit alleges students working with Protess — who left the school in 2011 amid acrimony over their purported methods — gave witnesses money for drugs, lied about their identities and flirted with witnesses.
Protess, their students and investigator Paul Ciolino crossed ethical lines “in a zeal to create a poster boy for abolition of the death penalty,” said Terry Ekl, Simon's lawyer, in a telephone interview.
Cook County prosecutors threw out the double murder conviction of Alstory Simon on Oct. 30, 2014. Simon pleaded guilty in 1999 to the murder of a Chicago man and woman and was sentenced to 37 years in prison.
“I think David Protess was way off the rails,” said Ekl, a former prosecutor.
Ciolino called the suit a “legalized version of a holdup for a big payday.” In a written statement, they said Porter was unjustly convicted and denied that Simon's confession was coerced, noting that they also confessed at sentencing. Ciolino also pointed out that the suit didn't go after law enforcement authorities for the wrongful conviction as so often happens in such cases.
“Last I checked, none of us had the ability to charge a suspect, plea bargain, take a case to trial or convict an inmate,” they wrote. “I don't have to read this lawsuit to know it is frivolous.”
Northwestern spokesperson Alan K. Cubbage said the university was reviewing the suit, but they declined to comment beyond denying wrongdoing by the university and predicting vindication in court.
Neither Rimland nor Protess could be reached for comment. Both have previously denied wrongdoing.
The case's winding history stretches back to August 1982 when Jerry Hillard and Marilyn Green were shot dead on Chicago's South Side. Witnesses implicated Porter, who had a low IQ and a criminal record, and they were convicted and sentenced to death.
Porter, who at one point had come within days of execution, was still on death row at the time of the dramatic revelation that Simon had confessed on video to the private investigator. Confronted with the video, prosecutors quickly agreed to Porter's release. Simon pleaded guilty to the murders and a judge sentenced them to 37 years in prison. They tearfully apologized for the murders at sentencing.
Ryan has said they found Porter's exoneration jarring. They halted executions less than a year later, though they have noted there were other clear indications of the death penalty's shortcomings.
Porter's release also added to the fame of Protess, a heralded professor known for leading teams of students who helped free inmates who claimed innocence. The university promoted Protess's work and used it in fundraising literature, and their student investigations' led to more than 10 inmates wrongly convicted of murder being freed from prison.
Protess exited the university amid allegations that they had intentionally misled the school in a different case. They also started the Chicago Innocence Project, a nonprofit intended to do similar work. The Northwestern project they had founded years earlier, now known as the Medill Justice Project, continues under new leadership at the university.
In 2013, Cook County State's Attorney Anita Alvarez, who had clashed with Protess in another contested criminal case years before, agreed to review Simon's case.
In late October, Alvarez announced their office would let Simon go free. They said they could not determine who killed the victims, but the review by their Conviction Integrity Unit raised serious doubts about the tactics used to secure Simon's confession, and they questioned Rimland's independence in representing him. It was clear, they said, that Simon's rights had not been carefully protected. Simon, now 64, walked free from a downstate prison.
The lawsuit echoes and expands on Alvarez's contentions.
Its centerpiece is the claim that Protess, Ciolino and the students coaxed false statements out of witnesses and bullied a confession out of Simon. The suit accuses Ciolino of impersonating a police officer, confronting Simon while armed, showing them a video of an actor falsely claiming to have witnessed the killing and telling Simon they could avoid the death penalty if they confessed to shooting the victims in self-defense. Ciolino promised Simon legal representation and large sums of money from book and movie deals if they gave a statement, the suit alleged.
Simon was under duress and the influence of narcotics when they confessed, the suit claimed.
Rimland told Simon the case against them was solid and that they had no choice but to take the plea deal, according to the lawsuit.
The suit also alleged that Protess and Ciolino had engaged in similarly unethical and deceptive practices while earlier leading student investigations into the conviction of the Ford Heights Four. Ciolino once donned a sharkskin suit and, in Protess' presence, falsely portrayed Hollywood producer Jerry Bruckheimer in an attempt to lead a key witness to think they could reap huge financial rewards for changing their testimony, according to the suit.
Simon's lawyers blame Northwestern for tolerating the conduct. The suit alleges that the school replaced Dean Michael Janeway with Ken Bode in the late 1990s after Janeway voiced concern about the lack of oversight over Protess and Ciolino.
Bode could not be reached for comment. Janeway has since died.
dhinkel@tribpub.com
poconnell@tribpub.com
Twitter @dhinkel
Twitter @pmocwriter
WASHINGTON - JANUARY 22: Pro-choice activist Holly Fogleboch of Silver Spring, Maryland, holds a sign in front of the U.S. Supreme Court as a pro-life activist holds a rose nearby during the annual ‘March for Life' event January 22, 2009 in Washington, DC. The event was to mark the anniversary of the 1973 Roe v Wade Supreme Court abortion ruling. (Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images) Photo by Alex Wong/Getty Images
NPR reports on a study by Ibis Reproductive Health on the exceptions to the Hyde Amendment, which turns 35 years old this month. To no one's great surprise, I'm sure, women who qualify for Medicaid-funded abortions because of rape, incest, or medical necessity usually don't get Medicaid to pay for it. In fact, I was surprised at how many women were able to finally get their funding: 37 percent of abortions that qualified for Medicaid reimbursement because the women were rape victims or because of the health exception did result in Medicaid ponying up. Still, this means that in 63 percent of rape or health exemption cases, women pay out of pocket, a non-profit covers it, or doctors provide the abortion for free.
The difficulty in getting Medicaid coverage for cases that qualify under the law as written demonstrates why building exceptions into abortion bans just doesn't work. The whole idea behind the “rape, incest, or medical emergency” exception is that the law can meaningfully divide women into virgin and whore categories, and allow the former to have the abortions they've earned by being good girls in pitiable situations (including women who fully intended to have their babies like good, Christian women, but who face health problems that prevent them from doing so) while making sure the filthy sluts who have sex for pleasure get their due punishment. But the categories of “virgin” and “whore” aren't as clear-cut as people who come up with these exceptions imagine. Anyone who observes the justice system's approach to rape can attest to this; behavior in the victim that may have seemed relatively innocuous before the rape suddenly looks like the height of dirty sluttitude when portrayed by the defense team, allowing juries to let accused rapists off because the victims were supposedly asking for it. (I got a powerful photo at SlutWalk NYC demonstrating how silly all this really gets.) Exceptions for how you got pregnant in abortion bans allow the person making the exception to preen about how they aren't trying to punish the good girls, but in reality almost no one gets to be a good enough girl to be considered a good girl. After all, we still have vaginas and sexual urges, exactly like those filthy sluts. The lines blur quickly.
Most women who need abortions fall somewhere between the wanton harlots and virginal rape victims of the anti-choice imagination. Take the former president of NARAL, Kate Michelman, who was put on the road towards pro-choice activism after their husband left them suddenly while they were pregnant and caring for three small children. Does their abortion count as a harlot one or a good girl one? By any measure, they were trying to live the life that Christian fundamentalists lay out for women—chaste housewifery complete with a large family—and still they found themselves in a situation of needing an abortion. What about a teenage girl who is trying to use contraception, but their insecure and abusive boyfriend sabotages it in order to get them pregnant so they can control her? Believe it or not, it's a surprisingly common problem. These girls often fall short of being rape victims, but they are absolutely being coerced into pregnancy that they don't want and are trying to prevent. In many cases, they are in more desperate and wretched circumstances than someone who is randomly raped once and becomes pregnant, but they don't get one of those precious rape exceptions.
Rape exceptions are there to relieve anti-choice consciences more than they are there to make sure women in need get abortions. They demonstrate the futility of having outsiders who don't understand a woman's intimate situation trying to parse whether or not they deserve an abortion, whether or not she's put enough of a good faith effort into fitting their model of chaste womanhood to get the abortion they need. Letting women determine for themselves whether or not they need an abortion is a far more efficient and fair system; after all, they know better than perfect strangers the incredible complexity of their personal situations that determine whether or not it's a good time to have a baby. This right exists for women who can afford to pay for their own abortions; it should be extended to women who depend on assistance to pay for their medical care.
Members of a western Manitoba aboriginal community are peacefully protesting work on the Bipole III hydroelectric line, a project that requires the construction of a transmission line, two new converter stations and two ground electrodes for those stations.
Construction signs around N4 on Sapotaweyak Cree Nation.
That construction will involve clear-cutting trees near Sapotaweyak Cree Nation, located north of Swan River in central Manitoba.
Chief Nelson Genaille says the project will destroy their livelihood and way of life.
"They use the land as they did before. Living off the land with the animals. You know using the medicines from natural Mother Earth. And even the water systems. All of that habitat is going to be impacted."
On Saturday, members of the community set up two blockades along Highway 10 to prevent access for workers who are scheduled to cut down trees, and they ignited a sacred fire in the clear-cutting path.
"As chief of the community I have exhausted all avenues meeting with ministers and basically getting the run around."
A judge denied the First Nation's request for an injunction to stop construction in an area known to the community as N4, until the province properly consulted with the community in January.
The area includes Sapotaweyak Cree Nation's ancestral lands and traditional territory, which includes burial and spiritual sites sacred to the community.
Chief Nelson Genaille says RCMP spoke briefly with them and allowed the peaceful protest to continue.
“Our people are now standing up for their rights and interests,” Genaille said.
“I have exhausted the diplomatic and legal routes to voice our concerns against this project. And regrettably, the responsible Manitoba ministers and Manitoba Hydro bigwigs did not take our concerns seriously."
A spokesperson for Manitoba Hydro says workers are going into areas where they can access the site. Scott Powell says Hydro is trying to reach the leadership of Sapotaweyak Cree Nation to talk.
McMaster professor Jim Dunn spends a lot of time on realtor.ca. The Hamilton-born academic is not shopping for a house: For him, the site for real-estate addicts is a crucial research tool in probing how the city is transforming.
From the prosperous, trendy neighbourhood around the campus of McMaster University to its east side, where empty storefronts and fast food joints still dominate, Hamilton is a city of contrasts.
Next month, Dr. Dunn will head to the streets to capture a record of those differences, before the massive change that has begun in the real-estate market erases the legacy of 20 years of postindustrial decline. Driving a Prius equipped with a camera mounted on its roof, Dr. Dunn and their team will film and analyze images of each street in the city, trying to find the elements that make some neighbourhoods more livable than others. If the project is repeated every year as Dr. Dunn hopes, it would provide neighbourhood advocates with evidence for the problems and solutions they see on the streets and create an archive for future researchers to mine.
Story continues below advertisement
"Things are moving fast and changing fast here … Hamilton is a fabulous natural laboratory for urban change," said Dr. Dunn, a professor in the department of health, aging and society.
Few academics have used Google Street View or technology like it to study what drives gentrification. Most recently, two Harvard researchers who worked with Street View images found that gentrification was slower in United States neighbourhoods that once had a higher percentage of African-Americans, as opposed to ones that had concentrations of Latinos or Eastern Europeans.
Residents who showed up at a community forum one evening in Hamilton this month were eager to talk about how documenting what their communities look like from year to year can help to get resources from the city. Even simple things like creating a park on a piece of land that once was a factory parking lot has led to more neighbourhood friendships, said one community organizer. And having objective, visual evidence of the benefits of beautifying the city can rally other communities.
For now, one of the first research projects the images will be used for is a comparison of Victoria, B.C., with Hamilton, based on their child-friendly features. Rather than just counting playgrounds, or the number of street crossings, the research by one of Dr. Dunn's master's students is probing the esthetic appeal of the two cities, looking at the condition of the streets, litter and the the barriers between sidewalks and roads. Poorly maintained neighbourhoods can lead to anxious parents who are unwilling to let their kids roam free, impacting their development.
Those theories will also be tested by showing the footage to different audiences in Hamilton. Parents may see things the researchers don't. The idea behind creating an image archive of the entire city is for it to function like a blood bank to which epidemiologists can repeatedly return to test theories about the causes of illness.
"We have data on two things about neighbourhoods right now," Dr. Dunn said. "Who lives there and opinions on what it's like to live there. Images give us objective data on the neighbourhood."
Dr. Dunn has a personal stake in the city's future. They grew up in Hamilton, at a time when Stelco employed more than 25,000 workers, left for graduate work at Simon Fraser as the recession of the 1990s turned downtown malls into shells, and came back just as Hamilton City Centre – the city's former Eaton Centre – was renovated into new office and retail space.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
He's confident the city is moving in a positive direction, particularly as Go Transit increases train service to Toronto over the next decade. How that will happen is up to the planners.
"It's abstract to look at land use and density from geographic databanks," they said. "This is looking at what people's experience is like."
Futurologist Ian Pearson recently predicted that by 2050 it will be possible to implant devices into our pets and other animals to give them the ability to speak to us.
This raises the interesting question of whether such a device would provide animals raised and slaughtered for food with a voice, and whether this voice would make us think twice about eating them.
It's important to first get straight what such technology would and would not enable animals to do. It's doubtful that this technology would enable animals to coordinate their efforts to overthrow their captors in some Orwellian fashion.
Animals already communicate with each other in ways that are meaningful to them, but they do not communicate in ways that would allow them to intricately coordinate their efforts with each other. Such large-scale strategy requires additional abilities, including a firm grasp of grammar and a rich ability to reason about the minds of others.
What this technology would probably do is provide some semantic overlay to animals' current communicative repertoire (for example: “bark, bark!” rendered as: “intruder, intruder!”). It is possible that this ability alone might be compelling for some people to stop eating meat, that we can't help but “humanise” talking cows and pigs or see them as more like ourselves.
There is some empirical evidence to support this idea. A group of researchers led by Brock Bastian asked people to write a short essay outlining the many ways in which animals are quite similar to humans. Other participants wrote about the ways in which humans are quite similar to animals. Participants who humanised animals had more positive views of them than those who animalised humans.
So if this technology had the ability to make us think of animals more like humans, then it could promote better treatment of animals.
Meat is murder
But let's imagine for a moment that the technology could do something more – it could reveal more of the animal's mind to us. One way this could benefit animals is it would show us that animals think about their future. This might stop us from eating animals because it would force us to see animals as beings who value their own lives.
The whole notion of “humane” killing is based on the idea that as long as you take efforts to minimise an animal's suffering, it is okay to take its life. Since animals do not consider their lives in the future – they are stuck in the “here and now” – they do not value their future happiness.
If technology could allow animals to show us that animals do have future aspirations (imagine hearing your dog say: “I want to play ball”), and that they value their lives (“Don't kill me!”), it is possible that this technology could stir in us deeper compassion for animals killed for meat.
However, there are also reasons to be sceptical. First, it is possible that people would simply attribute the speaking ability to the technology and not to the animal. Therefore, it would not really change our fundamental view of the animal's intelligence.
Second, people are oftentimes motivated to ignore animal intelligence information anyway.
Rationalising our diet
Steve Loughnan of the University of Edinburgh and I recently ran a series of studies – part of a project which is yet to be published – where we experimentally varied people's understanding of how intelligent various animals are. What we found is that people use intelligence information in a way that prevents them from having to feel bad about participating in the harm inflicted on intelligent animals in their own culture. People ignore information about the intelligence of animals when an animal is already used as food in one's culture. But when people think about animals that are not used as food, or animals used as food in other cultures, they do think an animal's intelligence matters.
So it is possible that providing animals with the means to speak to us would not change our moral attitude at all – at least not for animals that we already eat.
We have to remember what should already be obvious: animals do talk to us. Certainly they talk to us in ways that matter for our decisions about how to treat them. There is not much difference in a crying frightened child and a crying frightened piglet. Dairy cows that have their calves stolen from them soon after birth are believed by some to bemoan the loss weeks afterwards with heart wrenching cries. The problem is that we often do not take the time to really listen.
Jared Piazza, Lecturer in Social Psychology, Lancaster University
This article was originally published on The Conversation. Read the original article.
So, this belt was amazing...the first couple of weeks. After week two or three I noticed the end with the holes was peeling. I started being more careful with it, but it slowly started peeling more and more. Now it's just a mess. I will admit that I was wearing it at least 4-5 days a week. But I don't think it should have started to fall apart before my first month with it. I've paid $5 for belts that lasted me longer than this one. I was hoping I was getting something better for the price I paid.
Gave the belt two stars because it was a cute belt when I first got it. I just wish it would've lasted a bit longer.
It's a pretty big belt, maybe almost two inches wide. I thought I wanted a wide belt, but when I received it, it was just a little too wide for my taste.
All in all, a cute belt. Just not very good quality.
The Moon is a big sponge that absorbs electrically charged particles given out by the Sun. These particles interact with the oxygen present in some dust grains on the lunar surface, producing water. This discovery, made by the ESA-ISRO instrument SARA onboard the Indian Chandrayaan-1 lunar orbiter, confirms how water is likely being created on the lunar surface.
It also gives scientists an ingenious new way to take images of the Moon and any other airless body in the Solar System.
The lunar surface is a loose collection of irregular dust grains, known as regolith. Incoming particles should be trapped in the spaces between the grains and absorbed. When this happens to protons they are expected to interact with the oxygen in the lunar regolith to produce hydroxyl and water. The signature for these molecules was recently found and reported by Chandrayaan-1's Moon Mineralogy Mapper (M3) instrument team.
The SARA results confirm that solar hydrogen nuclei are indeed being absorbed by the lunar regolith but also highlight a mystery: not every proton is absorbed. One out of every five rebounds into space. In the process, the proton joins with an electron to become an atom of hydrogen. “We didn't expect to see this at all,” says Stas Barabash, Swedish Institute of Space Physics, who is the European Principal Investigator for the Sub-keV Atom Reflecting Analyzer (SARA) instrument, which made the discovery.
Although Barabash and their colleagues do not know what is causing the reflections, the discovery paves the way for a new type of image to be made. The hydrogen shoots off with speeds of around 200 km/s and escapes without being deflected by the Moon's weak gravity. Hydrogen is also electrically neutral, and is not diverted by the magnetic fields in space. So the atoms fly in straight lines, just like photons of light. In principle, each atom can be traced back to its origin and an image of the surface can be made. The areas that emit most hydrogen will show up the brightest.
Whilst the Moon does not generate a global magnetic field, some lunar rocks are magnetised. Barabash and their team are currently making images, to look for such ‘magnetic anomalies' in lunar rocks. These generate magnetic bubbles that deflect incoming protons away into surrounding regions making magnetic rocks appear dark in a hydrogen image.
The incoming protons are part of the solar wind, a constant stream of particles given off by the Sun. They collide with every celestial object in the Solar System but are usually stopped by the body's atmosphere. On bodies without such a natural shield, for example asteroids or the planet Mercury, the solar wind reaches the ground. The SARA team expects that these objects too will reflect many of the incoming protons back into space as hydrogen atoms.
This knowledge provides timely advice for the scientists and engineers who are readying ESA's BepiColombo mission to Mercury. The spacecraft will be carrying two similar instruments to SARA and may find that the inner-most planet is reflecting more hydrogen than the Moon because the solar wind is more concentrated closer to the Sun.
SARA was one of three instruments that ESA contributed to Chandrayaan-1, the lunar orbiter that finished its mission in August 2009. The instrument was built jointly by scientific groups from Sweden, India, Japan, and Switzerland: Swedish Institute of Space Physics, Kiruna, Sweden; Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre, Trivandrum, India; University of Bern, Switzerland; and Institute of Space and Astronautical Science, Sagamihara, Japan. The instrument is led by Principal Investigators Stanislav Barabash, IRF, Sweden, and Anil Bhardwaj, VSSC, India.
Claudia Ott: 101 NACHT
Claudia Ott
101 NIGHTS
A sensational finding – an 800 year old treasure, made available by an outstanding translation .
A sensational find: Arabic expert Claudia Ott has discovered an eight-hundred-year-old manuscript – the hitherto unknown tales of 101 Nights, the bewitching little sister of One Thousand and One Nights.
With their exceptional translator's expertise, Claudia Ott has made these tales and the magic world they describe accessible to the common reader.
Here we delve into the world of noble knights and horses, Bedouins and viziers, lindworms and virgins, futuristic flying machines or the first motion detection devices in world literature – and the treasury of Arabian tales displays a poetic directness and freshness that immediately charms us.
Link: Press about the discovery
Claudia Ott, who read oriental studies in Jerusalem, Berlin, and Cairo and is one of the few experts around the world who is able to make this medieval Arabic accessible to the common reader.
Soon started the difficult task of translating the texts – a true challenge that could be mastered only by someone with an in-depth knowledge of Arabic languages, history, and culture.
www.tausendundeine-nacht.com
>>> order reading copy
Read more on Ute Körner Literary com
*****
Video Interview with Claudia Ott in German:
*****
Article and interview at BR Radio /TV in German language
Erlanger Orientalistin Älteste Handschrift von “101 Nacht” als (Hör-)Buch
Durch Zufall zur Sensation: Als die Erlanger Forscherin Claudia Ott in einer Andalusien-Ausstellung eine alte Handschrift sah, wollte sie ihren Augen erst nicht trauen: Sie entdeckte den Vorgänger von “1001 Nacht”, die 800 Jahre alte Geschichtensammlung “101 Nacht”.
Autor: Corinna Mielke und Frank Staudenmayer Stand: 09.10.2012
Berlin, im Jahr 2010, Aga Khan Museums zu islamischer Kunst: Die Erlanger Orientalistin Claudia Ott spielt bei einer Ausstellungseröffnung arabische Flöte. Später schlendert sie an einer Vitrine mit Zeugnissen der arabisch-andalusischen Kultur im 13. Jahrhundert vorbei. Darin entdeckt sie ein aufgeschlagenes Buch mit dem Titel “101 Nacht” – einem Schild zufolge aus dem Jahr 1234. Eine Sensation! Orientalistin Ott ist schon viele Jahre im Geschäft, aber diese Abschrift war ihr gänzlich unbekannt.
“Tatsächlich ist diese Handschrift, bevor ich das Glück hatte, an ihr vorbeizulaufen, weder fotografiert noch digitalisiert worden, noch hatte sie irgendjemand untersucht oder übersetzt.”
Erlanger Orientalistin und Übersetzerin Claudia Ott
Erlanger Orientalistin und Übersetzerin Claudia Ott
Später wird sich herausstellen, dass es sich um die älteste Sammlung von “101 Nacht” handelt, einem Vorläufer von “1001 Nacht”. Umgehend lässt sich Claudia Ott von der Erlanger Uni beurlauben, um die Schahrsad-Geschichten zu übersetzen. Am 8. Oktober 2012 erscheinen sie als rotsamtenes Buch auf dem Markt, gerade rechtzeitig für die Frankfurter Buchmesse.
“Ich hab einfach das Gefühl gehabt, diese Handschrift hat ganz lange auf mich gewartet und hat dann gesagt: Übersetz mich!”
Erlanger Orientalistin und Übersetzerin Claudia Ott
Stichwort: Schahrsad
101 Nacht: Anfang der Geschichte vom Ebenholzpferd
Scheherazade (auch: Schahrsad) war die Prinzessin eines persischen Königs, die ihrem Vater und angetrautem Ehemann jede Nacht eine Geschichte erzählte und ihm die Fortsetzung erst in der nächsten Nacht in Aussicht stellte. Dieses Spiel dauerte 1001 Nacht, bis der König schließlich von der Treue seiner Frau überzeugt war. Schahrsad konnte so dem tödlichen Treiben des Königs ein Ende bereiten: Bevor er die Prinzessin zur Frau nahm war er nämlich so sehr von der Untreue seiner ersten Frau schockiert, dass er daraufhin jeden Tag eine andere Frau heiratete, die er jeweils nach der Hochzeitsnacht töten ließ.
More on BR de
->>>>><<<<<-
Advertisements
THE MOST SIGNIFICANT genealogy project ever undertaken by the National Library of Ireland goes live today.
The entire collection of Catholic parish register microfilms is now available online.
This means people researching their family history will no longer have to travel to Dublin to access the records.
Tracing your family history
The parish register records are considered the single most important source of information on Irish family history prior to the 1901 Census.
Dating from the 1740s to the 1880s, it covers 1,086 parishes throughout the island of Ireland and consist primarily of baptismal and marriage records.
Source: Shutterstock/James E. Knopf
What's even better is the public can access these records free of charge.
NLI's Ciara Kerrigan, who has been managing the digitisation of the parish registers, said it's the most ambitious project for the library to date, with over 370,000 images being digitised over a period of three years.
Source: Shutterstock/LiliGraphie
The library has received a hugely enthusiastic response from people worldwide with an interest in Irish family history, they said.
This is the most significant ever genealogy project in the history of the NLI.The microfilms have been available to visitors to the NLI since the 1970s.However, their digitisation means that, for the first time, anyone who likes will be able to access these registers without having to travel to Dublin.
Taoiseach Enda Kenny and the Minister for Arts, Heritage and the Gaeltacht Heather Humphreys will launch the project at lunchtime today.
For more information, visit the site here.
[Corrected 11/26/12, 9:21 a.m. See below.] Jenile Brooks was born in raised in Detroit, and they always knew that one day she'd be back.
Brooks headed East after high school and eventually settled in New York City, where they were working as a film producer. It was in that capacity that they finally returned to the Motor City last year. They were in town working on a documentary about Detroit's “food desert.” Though Detroit's lack-of-grocery-stores situation isn't quite as dire as some national media outlets have claimed, it is true that there are too many neighborhoods where the only groceries within walking distance are found at a liquor store. “While working on the film, I learned there are less than three grocery stores per 10,000 people in Detroit,” Brooks adds.
That got them thinking about the larger question of food access. They were a customer of Fresh Direct, an online grocer that services metro New York City. The Fresh Direct model works, they say, because New York is densely populated with people who have relatively high incomes and no cars. How would that model work, they wondered, in much less dense and less affluent Detroit?
“Fresh Direct wouldn't consider Detroit because of the perceived buying power of Detroiters and what it would take to maintain a store,” Brooks explains. “By operating online, we can take a minimal capital investment to prove that it works and then expand it throughout the city.”
In January, Brooks plans to launch Harvest Express in five Detroit ZIP codes encompassing the neighborhoods of Midtown, Downtown, Woodbridge, Corktown, and Indian Village. Online groceries are a somewhat risky proposition in a city known for high rates of poverty and relatively low rates of home Internet service, but Brooks already has the support of two partners, one of whom is Jared Saverino, whose family owned Phil's Market for generations. She's also lined up some seed money from the Enterprising Health accelerator. [An earlier version of this paragraph mistakenly said Saverino's family owned Holiday Market in Royal Oak. Holiday Market is where Saverino currently works. We regret the error.]
“Getting people to change behaviors is always a tough sell,” Brooks notes. “But our research has shown that a lot of people are interested, and they're already shopping online.”
Brooks plans to use the same “just-in-time” processing model as Fresh Direct, … Next Page »
Sarah Schmid Stevenson is the editor of Xconomy Detroit/Ann Arbor. You can reach them at 313-570-9823 or sschmid@xconomy.com. Follow @XconomyDET_AA
Trending on Xconomy
At first, the GoateeSaver seems like a really bad idea. You shouldn't really have a goatee if you can't figure out how to trim it, right? And since there's more than one style of goatee, how can this goatee template give everyone good results?
And if you don't put the template in the right place, won't the goatee be off-center?
Some people have even thought that this device must just be sold as a joke and couldn't be for real. But it's a real product that really works for a lot of guys.
I'll admit that the GoateeSaver has its limitations. And I'll certainly admit that it's a strange idea. But let's explore a bit and see what we can learn about whether it's a good idea. But let me say it again: it's no joke.
My Goatee Saver Review
The first thing that's important to understand about the GoateeSaver – available from Amazon – is that it can be adjusted. You can make it wider and longer to fit the shape of your face and the shape of the goatee you want to design. While you don't get unlimited flexibility, you can p
robably find a setting that's right for you.
This shaving template is intended to help you shape a goatee when you're having trouble doing it yourself. It helps you make sure that your goatee is perfectly shaped instead of lopsided and that the connectors are even and wide enough to make your goatee look great.
Of course, it can only do so much. If you don't have good growth, it can't help you make it better. But if you have full growth in the goatee area, the GoateeSaver can help you make the most of it by making sure you don't shave off too much and don't leave your face looking crooked or asymmetrical.
When used correctly, you can save time also since you don't have to be quite as careful as you would without it. It also prevents mistakes since the facial hair you want to keep is protected by this goatee template.
You can see on the respected Beard Board how even someone who is a lifelong goatee wearer was able to shape their goatee better with the GoateeSaver. There are lots of other positive comments there about this device, something you might not expect from lifelong, experienced beard-wearers.
The hardest part of having a goatee is getting it even. I wear a full beard most of the time just out of laziness, but I'm always disappointed with the results when I've shaved down to a goatee without the GoateeSaver. That's because the bottom always seems uneven and the sides always seem too narrow. By the time I shape things up like I think they should be, I've cut off more than I intended.
With this goatee template, I can do a much better job. It seems to work best when you start with a new goatee or just a few days growth and then shave around the device carefully. From then on, each shave matches the last one. I like to keep my goatee fairly short, but it will work even if you grow it longer. There's room behind it to deal with quite a bit of hair while you shave around the device.
Today, there are templates to help you shave your neckline correctly and to help you get straight, even lines around your beard, so it makes sense that there's a device for the goatee wearer too. While goatees may not be as popular as they were a few years ago when it seemed everyone had one, there are still plenty of us who like having one sometimes.
Final Thoughts On This Goatee Template
The GoateeSaver has several things going for it, including:
It can't be positioned wrong, so you get the same results every time.
It allows for even cutting if you don't have steady hands.
It keeps you from cutting off too much and ruining your goatee.
It comes at an affordable price so that you can experiment with it without guilt.
I've been pleased with my GoateeSaver, but I admit to being skeptical about it. I guess I'm skeptical about everything! But this thing works pretty well. If you have good growth, it can help you make the most of it.
And who wants a goatee if it isn't going to look good? Go for the perfect goatee with this goatee template.
Share
Bring up landlines, and you'll probably hear “people still use those?” The smartphone revolution put wireless devices in our hands, and as technology has improved over the years it has all but eliminated the need to have a landline. But about 40 percent of U.S. households still use a landline, and Invoxia's Voice Bridge them to play nice with our smartphones.
Voice Bridge is a little device that sits in your home and acts as a bridge, pun intended, between your smartphone and your landline. The product isn't actually new — in fact it was unveiled by Swissvoice at CES 2014, a month after Invoxia acquired it. Currently, Voice Bridge forwards calls on your landline to your smartphone while on your home network. With the Android and iOS app, you can make and receive calls with smartphones and tablets, and get notifications for missed calls on your landline. You can add up to five people to a line.
Voice Bridge has Caller ID features that will pop up on your smartphone when someone calls your landline, and you can even choose how you want to call someone — through your smartphone or your landline. That's especially helpful if you don't have great cell signal in your house and a landline connection is the only solution.
But on June 30, Invoxia is releasing an update to Voice Bridge that will allow you to make calls with your landline number anywhere– you no longer have to be on your home Wi-Fi to be able to make a call with your landline. Whether it's at work, or when you're out and about, you'll be able to make a call with your landline number — a feature that is primarily being targeted toward small business owners.
Small business owners, for example, can take calls that come to their brick-and-mortar store anywhere without having to give up their private number.
Swissvoice's Voice Bridge was priced at $80 when it was released, but Invoxia says the Voice Bridge costs $99 on Amazon. Owners will have to head over to the company's website to download the new feature on June 30.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest Aston Villa FC stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Sunderland have offered Joleon Lescott a deal until the end of the season.
The ex-West Brom and Aston Villa centre-back, who spent a full campaign with each club, saw their spell in Greece with AEK Athens cut short at the end of last year over disagreements about an injury rehabilitation.
Having trained with David Moyes' squad, who are rock bottom and were beaten 2-0 at The Hawthorns on Saturday, the ex-England defender has been offered a short-term contract, report the Mirror.
The Black Cats are prepared to let left-back Patrick van Aanholt leave for relegation rivals Crystal Palace, managed by former boss Sam Allardyce, in the coming days.
Lescott and Moyes previously worked together at Everton, and while they earned the player of the year award during their time at Albion, they left Villa Park under a cloud following their fall to the Championship.
Most of us are now aware that on February 17, 2009 broadcasters around the country will migrate to digital transmissions for programming, leaving viewers using analog only TVs with no picture. The Digital converter coupon program has been around for much of the year to provide those needing a converter with $40 of the purchase price and according to Reuters; those funds are estimated to run out in early January.
That means that any consumers who need a converter and have yet to apply for a coupon may find that there are simply no coupons left for them to use. The government set aside $1.34 billion to fund the coupon program.
Back in October the FCC warned that the coupon program wasn't ready for the last minute rush of consumers who need a converter and it was right. Meredith Atwell Baker from the National Telecommunications and Information Administration told Reuters, "Once the obligation ceiling is reached, the program will hold coupon requests until funds from unredeemed coupons become available."
Rep. Ed Markey from Massachusetts says that they believe Congress needs to be prepared to quickly approve more funds for the program in January.
CLEVELAND, Ohio - A 29-year-old man died Saturday after they were shot several times while sitting in the driver's seat of a vehicle on the city's East Side, police said.
The shooting happened about 11:15 p.m. near the intersection of East 118th Street and Buckeye Road, Cleveland police spokesperson Sgt. Jennifer Ciaccia said. First responders found a vehicle crashed into a building and the driver shot in the side and back.
The victim was taken by paramedics to University Hospitals, where they were pronounced dead, Ciaccia said. The victim's identity will be released by the Cuyahoga County Medical Examiner's Office once family is notified.
Detectives at the shooting scene learned that the victim's vehicle was stopped as they talked to people in another car. Two unidentified males walked by and began shooting, Ciaccia said.
The driver was struck, causing them to accelerate the vehicle, lose control and crash into the building, Ciaccia said.
No shooting suspects have been identified or arrested. However, one arrest was made at the crash scene after officers watched a 27-year-old man take a duffle bag from the vehicle and move it behind a nearby building, Ciaccia said.
Police recovered the bag and found several bags of marijuana. The 27-year-old man was taken into custody and faces drug charges, Ciaccia said.
Homicide detectives continue to probe the case. Anyone with information about the shooting should contact Cleveland police at 216-621-1234.
If you'd like to comment on this post, please visit the cleveland.com crime and courts comments section.
Union Minister for State (IC) for Power, Coal, New & Renewable Energy and Mines, Shri Piyush Goyal in a written reply in Lok Sabha today, said that in order to facilitate integration of large scale renewable generation capacity addition, a comprehensive scheme including Intra-State and Inter-State transmission system has been identified as a part of ‘Green Energy Corridors'. Intra-State Transmission System is being implemented by respective State Transmission Utilities (STU) and Inter-State Transmission System is being implemented by Power Grid Corporation of India Ltd. (PGCIL).
The Minister informed that for the funding of green energy corridors in both intra and inter State transmission projects, under the framework of cooperation between Govt. of India and Govt. of Germany, KfW Germany is providing soft loan to the tune of Euro 1 billion. Intra State transmission schemes under Green Energy Corridors (GEC) are to be funded as 20% equity of the State Govt., 40% grant from National Clean Energy Fund (NCEF) and 40% soft loan, whereas, the inter State transmission schemes are to be funded as 30% equity by PGCIL and 70% as soft loan, they added.
For Inter-state transmission projects pertaining to Part A, B and C of Green Energy Corridor, loan agreement for financial assistance of Euro 500 million from KfW, Germany has been signed by PGCIL and the projects are likely to be completed by 2018. Further, for implementation of transmission schemes under Green Energy Corridor-Part D, PGCIL has taken loan from ADB.
For Intra-state transmission projects under Green Energy Corridor; the States of Tamil Nadu, Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat and Madhya Pradesh have signed the loan agreements from KfW, Germany for financial assistance of Euro 76 million, Euro 49 million, Euro 57 million, Euro 68 million, Euro 114 million and Euro 124 Million respectively.
Further, Shri Goyal added that in order to integrate solar parks with the grid, Ministry of Power assigned PGCIL to implement Inter-State transmission scheme for evacuation from 8 solar parks (7200 MW). Transmission scheme for 6 solar parks (5750 MW) is already under implementation [Ananthapuram (1500 MW), Pavagada (2000 MW), Rewa (750 MW), Bhadla-III (500 MW), Bhadla-IV (250 MW), Essel Saurya (750 MW)]. Tender issued for Banaskantha Solar Park (700 MW), whereas Long Term Access (LTA) application for other MP solar park from the developer is awaited.
To evacuate power from the renewable capacity addition in renewable rich States (Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Madhya Pradesh and Tamil Nadu), transmission system strengthening, both Intra State and Inter State, along with setting up of Renewable Energy Management Centre (REMC) and the control infrastructure is being implemented under GECs.
RM/VM/LSU-4617
MOSCOW (Reuters) - Russia denounced U.N. investigators' findings on a poison gas attack in Syria as preconceived and tainted by politics on Wednesday, stepping up its criticism of a report Western nations said proved President Bashar al-Assad's forces were responsible.
Russia, which has veto power in the Security Council, could cite such doubts about proof of culpability in opposing future efforts by the United States, Britain and France to punish Syria for any violations of a deal to abandon chemical weapons.
“We are disappointed, to put it mildly, about the approach taken by the U.N. secretariat and the U.N. inspectors, who prepared the report selectively and incompletely,” deputy Foreign Minister Sergei Ryabkov told the state-run Russian news agency RIA in Damascus.
“Without receiving a full picture of what is happening here, it is impossible to call the nature of the conclusions reached by the U.N. experts ... anything but politicised, preconceived and one-sided,” Ryabkov said after talks with Syrian Foreign Minister Walid al-Moualem.
The report issued on Monday confirmed the nerve agent sarin was used in the August 21 attack but did not assign blame. Britain, France and the United States said it confirmed Syria's government, not rebels as Russia has suggested, was behind it.
Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said on Tuesday the investigation was incomplete without examination of evidence from other sources and that suspicions of chemical use after August 21 should also be investigated.
Ryabkov said Syrian authorities had given them alleged evidence of chemical weapons use by Assad's opponents.
The stark disagreement over blame for the attack may complicate discussions among Security Council members - Russia, China, the United states, Britain and France - over a Western-drafted resolution to eliminate Syria's chemical weapons.
Russia has been Assad's most powerful backer during the conflict that has killed more than 100,000 people since 2011, delivering weapons and - with China - blocking Western efforts to use the Security Council's clout to pressure their government.
Moscow argues that the danger emanates from rebels, many of whom harbour militant islamist ambitions for Syria that could ultimately pose a threat both to Russia and the West.
“LITMUS TEST”
The draft resolution is intended to support a U.S.-Russian deal reached on Saturday calling for Syria to account for its chemical weapons within a week and for their destruction by mid-2014. The deal was based on a Russian proposal accepted by Assad.
The deal halted efforts by U.S. President Barack Obama to win Congressional approval for military action to punish Assad for a poison gas attack, which the United States says killed more than 1,400 people in rebel-held areas.
Slideshow (3 Images)
U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry called on Tuesday for a resolution with the strength to force compliance from Assad.
Diplomats said the current U.S.-British-French draft was written so that its provisions are under Chapter 7 of the U.N. charter, which covers Security Council authority to enforce its decisions with measures such as sanctions or force.
But Russia has made clear it believes authorisation of the use of force would require a second resolution to be introduced if the Syrian government or its opponents are found to have violated the country's commitments on chemical weapons.
According to Ben Volin of the Boston Globe, the Miami Dolphins are sending in Jamie Collins' blocked field goal to the NFL Office for further review. They are challenging that the Patriots had an illegal formation with seven players on the line of scrimmage to the right of the long snapper. Volin is a former beat writer for the Dolphins and is well sourced.
Volin states that the Dolphins are arguing that Collins' feet were within the defensive linemen's feet, which should make Collins count as "on the line of scrimmage." For emphasis, Volin isn't taking a stance, he's just reporting the facts.
My opinion? The Dolphins are grasping at more straws than my claim that Mike Wallace's end-of-half incompletion to touchdown shouldn't have been overturned.
Collins is off the line of scrimmage and isn't counted. pic.twitter.com/b1pB93d0J — Rich Hill (@PP_Rich_Hill) December 15, 2014
Here's the rule for defenses on field goal attempts. Don't think Miami has a real case. pic.twitter.com/05JFd6lWMQ — Rich Hill (@PP_Rich_Hill) December 15, 2014
Collins is clearly two yards off of the line of scrimmage, with their front foot two yards beyond the ball being snapped. Most odd about the complaint? There isn't a definition for the defense "on the line of scrimmage."
Rule 3, Section 19, Articles 1 and 2 define the scrimmage line and the "player on the line", but it's only in reference to players on offense.
SCRIMMAGE LINE Article 1 The Line of Scrimmage is the yard line (plane) passing through the forward point of the ball after it has been made ready for play. The term scrimmage line, or line, implies a play from scrimmage. PLAYER ON LINE Article 2 A Player of Team A is on their line: (a) when their shoulders face Team B's goal line, and (b) if they are the snapper, no part of their body is beyond the line at the snap, (c) if they are a non-snapper, their helmet must break the vertical plane that passes through the belt line of the snapper.
There's nothing in the rulebook about the Collins' positioning, which can't be fully determined without a better camera angle, saying that they can't be within the defensive linemen's feet when they're in position, even if that claim is dubious at best.
You might be hearing about this dispute from Miami tomorrow. You can gladly ignore it.
Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt says the company is pulling its support of a conservative political group because they believe it is lying on climate change.
The group, American Legislative Exchange Council (ALEC), lobbies state legislatures on a variety of issues. It has proposed legislation to roll back government mandates for greater use of renewable energy.
Schmidt, in an interview on National Public Radio's "The Diane Rehm Show," said Google (GOOGL) decided to cut its support of the group because of its stance on climate change.
Schmidt said Google's support of ALEC was due to an unrelated issue, which they did not identify. But they said "I think the consensus within the company was that that was some sort of mistake, and so we're trying to not do that in the future."
Related: Scenes from climate change protests on Wall Street
"The company has a very strong view that we should make decisions in politics based on facts—what a shock," they said. And they said groups that argue against research showing that humans are the cause of climate change, "they're just literally lying."
ALEC CEO Lisa Nelson issued a statement saying they were sorry to see Google leave the group, but that it would not change its position.
"Google is an important voice on these and many other issues, and we will miss their perspective in our discussions," Nelson said. "However, ALEC and its members will continue to advance limited government, free markets and federalism through dialogue, debate and model policy formulation."
Download this episode (right click and save)
We're reeling from the results of the election. We talk about our reactions and what our responsibilities (as white women) are going forward.
Amelia also teases Bell mercilessly for them apparently loss of all chill when it comes to streaming drunk and loving Solas.
Can't Talk on Reddit
Can't Talk on Twitch
“Rising Strong” by Brené Brown
“Manifesto of the Brave and Broken Hearted”
There is no greater threat to the critics and cynics and fearmongers
Than those of us who are willing to fall
Because we have learned how to rise.
With skinned knees and bruised hearts;
We choose to own our stories of struggle,
Over hiding, over hustling, over pretending.
When we deny our stories, they define us.
When we run from struggle, we are never free.
So we turn toward truth and look it in the eye.
We will not be characters in our stories.
Not villains, not victims, not even heroes.
We are the authors of our lives.
We write our own daring endings.
We craft love from heartbreak,
Compassion from shame,
Grace from disappointment,
Courage from failure.
Showing up is our power.
Story is our way home. Truth is our song.
We are the brave and brokenhearted.
We are rising strong.
–Brené Brown
“Rising Strong”
'Christmas is evil': Muslim group launches poster campaign against festive period
Fanatics from a banned Islamic hate group have launched a nationwide poster campaign denouncing Christmas as evil.
Organisers plan to put up thousands of placards around the UK claiming the season of goodwill is responsible for rape, teenage pregnancies, abortion, promiscuity, crime and paedophilia.
They hope the campaign will help 'destroy Christmas' in this country and lead to Britons converting to Islam instead.
Outrage: The poster that has appeared in the Tower Hamlets area hitting out at the festive period
Labour MP and anti racist campaigner Jim Fitzpatrick branded the posters 'extremely offensive' and demanded they were immediately ripped down.
The placards, which have already appeared in parts of London, feature an apparently festive scene with an image of the Star of Bethlehem over a Christmas tree.
But under a banner announcing 'the evils of Christmas' it features a message mocking the song the 12 Days of Christmas.
It reads: 'On the first day of Christmas my true love gave to me an STD (sexually transmitted disease).
'On the second day debt, on the third rape, the fourth teenage pregnancies and then there was abortion.'
According to the posters, Christmas is also to responsible for paganism, domestic violence, homelessness, vandalism, alcohol and drugs.
Another offence of Christmas, it proclaims, is 'claiming God has a son'.
Condemnation: Labour MP Jim Fitzpatrick
The bottom of the poster declares: 'In Islam we are protected from all of these evils. We have marriage, family, honour, dignity, security, rights for man, woman and child.'
The campaign's organiser is 27-year-old Abu Rumaysah, who once called for Sharia Law in Britain at a press conference held by hate preacher leader Anjem Choudary, the leader of militant group Islam4UK.
Former Home Secretary Alan Johnson banned Islam4UK group earlier this year, making it a criminal offence to be a member, after it threatened to protest at Wootton Bassett, the town where Britain honours its war dead.
Mr Rumaysah told the Mail that they were unconcerned about offending Christians.
They said: 'Christmas is a lie and as Muslims it is our duty to attack it.
'But our main attack is on the fruits of Christmas, things like alcohol abuse and promiscuity that increase during Christmas and all the other evils these lead to such as abortion, domestic violence and crime.
'We hope that out campaign will make people realise that Islam is the only way to avoid this and convert.'
Mr Rumaysah, who said their campaign was not linked to any group, boasted that the posters would be put up in cities around the country, including London, Birmingham and Cardiff.
The campaign was highlighted by volunteers from a charity which distributes food and presents to pensioners and the lonely at Christmas.
Sister Christine Frost, founder of the East London Neighbours in Poplar charity, said: 'The more posters I saw, the more angry I got.
'Someone is stirring hatred which leaves the road open to revenge attacks or petrol bombs through letter-boxes.
'I told the Mayor we are all scared.
'If we said such things about Muslims, we'd all be hanging from lamp-posts.
'The posters appear to be professionally printed'.
Poplar and Limehouse MP Mr Fitzpatrick said: 'These posters are extremely offensive and have upset a lot of people - that's why we jumped on it and asked the council to remove them.
'Sister Christine is rooted in the community and doesn't take offence lightly.
'But these hate posters really upset them Christmas is close to them belief.'
A Met Police spokesperson said they had received complaints and were investigating.
They said: 'We are investigating allegations of religious hate crime in Tower Hamlets following complaints about posters displayed in and around the Mile End area.'
Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman said the posters had 'upset and antagonised many residents'.
They added: 'The messages on these posters are offensive and do not reflect the views of the Council or the vast majority of residents.'
Cherry Hill, NJ high schooler Amy Myers is receiving threats of violence (including rape) after their challenge to debate Rep. Michele Bachmann (R-Batshit) on the U.S. Constitution.
Amy and Wayne Myers said the comments on conservative websites alarmed them most. Several commenters threatened to publish the Myers' home address.
Others threatened violence, including rape, they said.
"They're targeting me just because I'm challenging Bachmann," Amy said.
Amy's challenge is arguably unrealistic: Few if any sitting members of Congress would actually agree to debate a teenager.
Bachmann, talked up by the Republican right wing as a 2012 presidential contender, is often the subject of unflattering press. An aide said Tuesday the office would have no response to Myers' challenge.
The Courier-Post had scheduled a video interview with Amy Thursday. On Wednesday, a somewhat panicked-sounding Wayne Myers phoned to cancel, citing the alleged threats.
The video will start in 8 Cancels
Get the biggest daily news stories by email Subscribe Thank you for subscribing We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Could not subscribe, try again later Invalid Email
Two police officers have been stabbed and a male suspect - reportedly a former soldier - has been shot in horrifying attack in Brussels.
There were early suggestions that the assault might have been terror-related, but this is currently unclear.
The knife attack occurred on a street in Schaerbeek - which has been called 'a breeding ground for terror' and was home to a bomb-making factory by the ISIS jihadists who carried out recent attacks in Brussels and Paris.
The man - identified as Hicham D - pulled out a knife and 'spontaneously' attacked the officers, whose injuries are not life-threatening, said federal prosecutors.
One officer was stabbed in the neck while the other was stabbed in the stomach.
The suspect tried to run away and assaulted a third officer, but was shot in the leg and arrested.
(Image: Rex)
That officer suffered a broken nose when they were punched in the face during a struggle with the suspect, whose gunshot injuries were not serious.
Belgian media said the suspect is a 43-year-old Belgian national who was a soldier until 2009.
The motive is still being investigated but there is reason to believe the incident was 'a terrorist attack', said Eric Van Der Sypt, a spokesperson for Belgium's federal prosecutors.
It was initially reported that the officers were attacked when they went to check the man, but Van Der Sypt said it happened 'spontaneously'.
(Image: Rex)
The knife attack was one of two incidents which sent a scare through Brussels on Wednesday.
Earlier, a bomb threat made by an anonymous caller closed the Gare du Nord (Noord) railway station for hours.
The threat was deemed a hoax after the station was checked by a bomb squad as heavily-armed police officers and army personnel stood guard.
Security is tight in the city as representatives of more than 70 governments, including UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon and US Secretary of State John Kerry, meet to discuss Afghanistan's stalled peace process.
(Image: Getty)
Brussels was already on high alert after bombings in March killed 32 people at the city's airport and a metro station.
Schaerbeek - along with Molenbeek - is one of the neighbourhoods that were tied to the terror attacks in Brussels and Paris and extremists.
It was the scene of raids as police hunted suspects following the attacks in Paris last November.
(Image: Rex)
It was also home to ISIS bomb maker Najim Laachraoui, one of two suicide bombers who killed innocent people in the attack at Brussels Airport, where they previously worked.
The 24-year-old, who was born in Morocco, was responsible for making explosives that were set off during the bomb and gun attacks in Paris, which left 130 people dead.
After the Brussels attacks police raided a Schaerbeek flat which was used as a bomb-making factory, finding chemicals, nails and bolts that were left over and an ISIS flag.
Other attacks have occurred in Belgium in recent months.
In August, a machete-wielding man shouting 'Allahu Akbar' - Arabic for 'God is Great' - attacked and seriously wounded two police officers in the southern Belgian city of Mons.
The assailant was shot dead.
The attack was later claimed by ISIS.
On September 7, a man carrying a knife attacked two police officers in the Molenbeek area of Brussels, but the officers were wearing bulletproof vests and suffered only bruises.
The assailant said nothing during that attack and gave no indication of their motives.
STR / AFP | A large screen shows the final sales figures, after 24 hours of Singles Day sales, at the Tmall 11:11 Global Shopping Festival gala in Shenzhen, in south China's Guangdong province early on November 12, 2016.
China's smartphone-wielding masses unleashed billions of dollars in e-commerce spending Saturday as they rushed to snap up bargains on "Singles Day" -- billed as the world's biggest one-day online shopping festival.
ADVERTISING Read more
Also known as "Double 11" for the November 11 date, the event launched in 2009 by e-commerce giant Alibaba kicked off at midnight and ended up shattering the previous year's sales mark, as it does every year.
Eighteen hours later, at 6 pm (1000 GMT) on Saturday, Alibaba said the gross value of sales processed by its online payment system Alipay was nearing $21 billion -- roughly equivalent to the annual economic output of Honduras or Afghanistan.
That blew well past the $17.8 billion logged over the full 24 hours last year, which itself marked a 32 percent year-on-year increase.
Alibaba rivals such as JD.com also reported brisk business.
The yearly display of rising Chinese consumer spending power has become crucial for manufacturers and retailers across the country, accounting for a significant share of annual orders for many businesses.
Five minutes after midnight, Alipay was processing 256,000 payment transactions per second, doubling last year's high-water mark, Alibaba said.
More than 90 percent of Alipay orders were placed via mobile, the majority on Alibaba's main e-commerce platform Taobao.com.
More than half of China's 1.3 billion people use smartphones, which have become central to daily life, used for messaging, shopping, news and entertainment, ordering taxis and meals, and serving as digital wallets for a range of point-of-sale purchases.
The day's transaction volumes are pumped up by many Chinese delaying purchases of mundane items like rice and toilet paper to take advantage of cut-rate prices.
Alibaba launched "Singles Day" as the Chinese online answer to the late-November US "Black Friday" shopping rush, capitalising on the Chinese love of a good bargain and the growing national addiction to one-click smartphone payments.
E-commerce's huge growth in China has put New York-listed Alibaba neck-and-neck with Amazon as the world's most valuable e-commerce company, while also making Nasdaq-listed JD.com a Fortune 500 company.
Alibaba and JD stock have both doubled this year as revenues surged.
Going global
Alibaba is investing heavily in creating an entire user ecosystem encompassing cloud computing, artificial intelligence, automated stores using face-recognition, and is pushing into overseas markets under much-travelled boss Jack Ma, one of China's richest men.
But environmentalists accuse Alibaba and other e-tailers of fuelling a culture of excessive consumption and mountains of waste.
Greenpeace said "Singles Day" deliveries last year created 130,000 tonnes of packaging waste -- less than 10 percent of which is recycled.
It said e-commerce is actually more carbon-intensive than brick-and-mortar shopping, calling "Singles Day" a "disaster for the environment".
But the growth of Chinese e-commerce has proved a boon to hundreds of once-backward interior towns and villages, now dubbed "Taobao villages" after re-orienting their local economies toward manufacturing for online buyers.
Analysts say Alibaba will take "Singles Day" global as Chinese e-commerce growth rates are expected to slow in years ahead.
It already has a substantial stake in Lazada, an online retailer in Southeast Asia -- a hot e-commerce battleground -- and recently launched an electronic trading hub in Malaysia, its first outside China.
Alibaba said hundreds of millions of Southeast Asian consumers will be able to access Taobao this "Singles Day".
"This is just the start. We will see tens of billions of dollars injected abroad (by Alibaba)," said Li Chengdong, a Beijing-based independent e-commerce analyst.
"It could end up dominating e-commerce in developing countries."
(AFP)
Majority owner: Robert Kraft, 73
Minority owners: None
Source of wealth: Rand-Whitney Group, International Forest Products, Family Office and Private Equity
Net worth: $4.3 billion (Forbes)
Residence: Brookline, Massachusetts
NFL TEAM OWNERSHIP NFC AFC EAST EAST Dallas Buffalo N.Y. Giants Miami Philadelphia New England Washington N.Y. Jets WEST WEST Arizona Denver San Francisco Kansas City Seattle Oakland St. Louis San Diego NORTH NORTH Chicago Baltimore Detroit Cleveland Green Bay Cincinnati Minnesota Pittsburgh SOUTH SOUTH Atlanta Houston Carolina Indianapolis New Orleans Jacksonville Tampa Bay Tennessee
Marital status: Widowed
Family: Sons Jonathan, Daniel, Josh, David
Education: Columbia (arts/science); Harvard (MBA)
When purchased team and for how much: 1994, for $172 million
Franchise valuation: $2.6 billion (Forbes)
2014 revenue/rank: $428 million (net of stadium revenues used for debt payments)/second (Forbes)
Owns stadium (how much invested): Yes (privately financed at $325 million and opened in 2002)
Ownership philosophy: Continuity, stability and sustained success, with strong management of the salary cap.
Defining moment in ownership tenure: First Super Bowl championship, 2001 season. Hiring Bill Belichick, 2000.
Regular/postseason wins-losses during tenure: 229-107/24-12
General managers during tenure: Bill Parcells (1994-1996), Bobby Grier (1997-1999), Bill Belichick (2000-present)
Coaches during tenure: Bill Parcells (1994-1996), Pete Carroll (1997-1999), Bill Belichick (2000-present)
Playoff appearances: 1994, 1996, 1997, 1998, 2001, 2003, 2004, 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014
Super Bowl appearances/championships: Lost to Packers 35-21 in Super Bowl XXXI (1996 season), defeated Rams 20-17 in Super Bowl XXXVI (2001), defeated Panthers 32-29 in Super Bowl XXXVIII (2003), defeated Eagles 24-21 in Super Bowl XXXIX (2004), lost to Giants 17-14 in Super Bowl XLII (2007), lost to Giants 21-17 in Super Bowl XLVI (2011), defeated Seahawks 28-24 in Super Bowl XLIX (2014).
NFL committees: Finance, compensation, broadcasting, NFL Network, management council executive committee, Los Angeles
Fans enjoy Wicker Park Fest 2013. Neighborhood groups have joined up to demand that fest organizers make their financial statements available. View Full Caption DNAinfo file photo/Alisa Hauser
WICKER PARK — Presidents of five neighborhood groups have come together to ask that festivals in their areas present their financial information publicly and include the local groups more in fest planning.
"The overarching problem we have is the lack of transparency," said Steve Jensen, president of the Bucktown Community Organization.
He, along with the presidents of the Wicker Park Committee, Chicago Grand Neighbors Association, Ukrainian Village Neighborhood Association and the East Village Association, drafted a letter demanding various fests hand over their books.
Emily Morris describes the concerns that some neighborhood associations have with festivals:
Leah Root, president of the Wicker Park Committee, hopes that by uniting as a coalition, the groups can encourage festival organizers to establish a more uniform standard of accountability.
"The community groups have realized this is an issue among all of our neighborhoods," they said.
Because the festivals use public streets, they should make their statements available, Jensen said.
"If these festivals are on the up and up, they've got nothing to hide, and therefore delivering this information should be effortless," Jensen said.
The letter, first reported by Our Urban Times, also asks for the festivals to take "the responsibility to make sure any community organizations or non-profits receiving funds [or donations] are legitimate and are using proceeds as stated to go back into the neighborhood on a timely basis."
Jensen said there are questions in the community about how festival profits are distributed. "We'd like to see a giant spotlight on those numbers," they said.
They added: "We don't want to deal with rumors and speculation. We would rather the entities involved produce the information."
Summer festivals that fall within the neighborhoods and are named in the letter include Wicker Park Fest, Green Music Fest, Do-Division Street Fest, West Fest, Fashion Fest and Design Harvest.
Many are organized by the local chambers of commerce along with a number of private event promoters.
Adam Burck, executive director of the Wicker Park Bucktown Chamber of Commerce, said they provided the Wicker Park group a summary budget of the fest.
"I don't know why they're expecting more," they said.
But Root said they and members of the committee wanted to see a more detailed breakdown of where the money goes. They hope the chambers will post the information publicly online.
"A lot of inquiring people in the neighborhood want to hear this," Root said.
The West Town chamber said it regularly provides information on its festival.
"We have no problem with transparency and sharing information," said Kara Salgado, executive director of the West Town Chamber of Commerce. "If these items are requested, we can provide them."
Salgado said they met with Steve Niketopoulos, president of the Ukrainian Village Neighborhood Association, on Tuesday morning and shared with them the festival budget reports, security plans and other documents related to the fest.
Niketopoulos said Salgado was "fantastic" in sharing information with him.
But Jensen said that they and the other neighborhood groups haven't seen the chamber's plans and didn't yet call it a victory.
The letter also asks the fests to include "neighborhood groups in each festival's logistics, safety & police plans in a timely fashion so they can have input and inform residents of what to expect."
"We all love these festivals," Niketopoulos said. "It's just how do the festivals treat the neighborhoods. Do they try to work to respect the community organizations?"
Ald. Joe Moreno (1st) supports the goal of the neighborhood groups, according to their office.
"We support the festival organizers releasing their financial information," Matt Bailey, a spokesperson for Moreno, said. "We also support all the chambers of commerce and all the neighborhood groups providing financial information to the general public. In the interest of transparency, of course, we support it."
Jensen said that although their organization is not required to release its financials publicly, if someone requests their release, "We'll gladly do so."
According to Niketopoulos and Jensen, this is just the first of many issues the newly formed coalition plans to tackle in the future.
Neighborhood Festivals Statement
Anarchists used an intrinsically chaotic system to stay one step ahead of the police. But they picked a poor day to do it.
By Ian Dunt
Maybe I'm getting old.
I used to enjoy a good riot. Once upon a time the police used to pick on peaceful demonstrators and the media's response was always fawning and uncritical. It was easy to take an indignant approach to these things. The reality and the media narrative were so far apart, and the actions of the police so needlessly mean-spirited, that it was easy to know where you stood. The G20 riots, when Ian Tomlinson was killed, marked a turning point. We've seen genuine improvements in police behaviour since then.
Miraculously, I type this from a cafe just off Piccadilly which has stayed open. They're plainly suicidal. Outside the window, police and protestors are having pitched battles in the streets. I was out there a moment ago, and in a moment I'll be there again. It's tremendously unappetising.
Try as I might I can't really fault what police have done today. They invited Liberty to watch over their command and street-level operation. They have used, from what I've seen, a minimum of force. They've protected property, but not lashed out. They did, however, kettle protestors. I'm a priori opposed to kettling. I'm opposed to it regardless of circumstance. It exacerbates rather than calms, it infringes human rights and it's one of those tools you can't trust the police to use responsibly. But today of all days its use was most justified. Not to say I agree with it - just that this was not knee-jerk use, in my opinion.
When I eventually found the black bloc in Oxford Street it was probably the biggest mass of them I've seen since the big anti-globalisation protests in the late 90s. September 11th somewhat took the wind from the sails of that movement, but the new politics of austerity has injected it with a renewed focus. Black bloc is a tactic, not an organisation. It is the loosely-knit groups of black-clad men and women with bandanas and ski masks over their face. They work according to operational anarchist principles, splitting off from other groups at the drop of a hat and reforming elsewhere. Their red and black anarcho-communist flags act in the same manner as a tour guide's stick, signalling to other groups to follow them.
The police were completely unable to deal with them today. For two hours, they ruled Soho and its beautiful, decrepit alleyways. Any corporate shop was ruined - even, absurdly, Ann Summers. Police would stand helpless, outnumbered, as they smashed windows and billboards. They nearly had them outside the HSBC in Cambridge Circus, as they threw rocks through its windows. But before the police could get reinforcements in, they had already split into three groups: one trashing a police van and setting off smoke bombs, another heading off back towards Tottenham Court Road and a third pushing down towards Piccadilly. On the pavement, a group of Chinese tourists gazed in amazement while a gaggle of young girls with 'hen night' written on their shirts in lipstick looked appalled.
As I followed one gang around the West End - constantly worried that they'd mistake me for an undercover police officer and set on me - one phrase came from them more than any other: 'black bloc keep moving'. The way they spoke to the group as an individual reminded me of the hive mind, and Hegel, and the way that belonging can provide its own momentum.
The anarchy of a leaderless movement is simply impossible for the police to control. Grip one area and it all comes squeezing out in another. But the drawback, of course, is that you rarely have enough people for each action. So they were reduced to doing minimal damage and moving on.
It wasn't until the occupation of Fortnum and Masons in the late afternoon that enough people congregated to turn it into something approaching a traditional riot. A steady stream of nimble protestors had managed to climb its (horrible gaudy) lamplights and onto the roof. Others broke through the front and soon enough it was under anarchist control. A few of the people on the roof, lost in the moment, were foolish enough to prance around without masks. They'll regret that when police start reviewing the CCTV footage next week. Fortnums is a big enough prize that it became the centre of gravity, with hundreds, probably thousands, congregating outside. Eventually they started pushing against the police line.
As the fighting broke out, there was scattered debate among the protestors. One girl shouted at another for throwing beer at the police, who were by now being pelted with anything that was to hand. "They're just like us, they have families and they're being screwed by the government too." Most of their fellow demonstrators sneered at them "They're the class enemy," said one man, who looked like he'd been at way too many protests for too many decades.
I can honestly say I felt about as sorry for the police as I ever have. They didn't look happy about being reduced to defending a posh and overpriced sandwich shop. They remained startling good-humoured, even while waves of people crammed against them and there was comparatively little violence. It's easy to be nice when you're outnumbered and scared of course, but this was still significantly better behaviour from the police than we ever saw before the Tomlinson nightmare. There was something in the way that many protestors talked about them - that angry, group-mentality abuse - that showed how the distance between 'protest' and 'mob' grows smaller.
There are people who believe that once a window is smashed no genuine political point can emerge from its remains. I don't agree with that. But today's action was problematic, to say the least. The campaign against spending cuts needed to symbolise its mass support. It needed images of families marching together. This was the day for that. The effect of the violence will be to discourage others from protesting, if they think anything like this can happen near their kids.
The media debate over cuts is at the point where broadcasters and broadsheets were prepared to give today over to the TUC rally. Previously, they would have ignored the march unless there was violence. My hunch is that today's march would have got solid coverage because of the numbers and the state of the narrative. Smashed windows just ruined that.
People are angry because they understand the fundamental injustice of the coalition's programme. They understand that the private sector is not the panacea, either economically or politically, that the government pretends it is. Nothing that happened today makes that case any stronger.
A flawed workplace insurance program exposed in 2008 for giving rebates to dangerous employers is still handing out the cash rewards, a new report by the Ontario Federation of Labour has found. The problem was earlier exposed by a 2008-Star investigation that found Ontario's Workplace Safety and Insurance Board (WSIB) gave tens of millions of dollars in rebates to companies that had been found guilty of provincial safety violations leading to deaths, amputations and other gruesome injuries.
Ontario Federation of Labour president Sid Ryan says they are shocked by the lack of action that has been taken to end rebates from Ontario's Workplace Safety and Insurance Board to dangerous employers. ( DAVID COOPER / Toronto Star file photo )
After the Star stories were published, then premier Dalton McGuinty called the rebates an “embarrassment” and the WSIB chair said the problem would be promptly fixed. The report, scheduled to be released Monday by the Ontario Federation of Labour, shows corporations are still getting a huge chunk of money in safety rebates in the years immediately after worker deaths and serious injuries. Like the cases previously exposed by the Star, some of the companies were convicted under provincial occupational health and safety laws but the fines imposed were dwarfed by their hefty rebates. “I'm shocked by the lack of action,” said OFL president Sid Ryan. “It's basically giving the finger to injured workers.”
Article Continued Below
The WSIB told the Star it has concerns about the accuracy of the OFL's research. A spokesperson said the WSIB has taken “strong action” since the Star articles in 2008, cancelling more than $10 million in potential rebates under the Fatal Claim Premium Adjustment policy. A spokesperson for the WSIB said the agency has yet to see the report. The Star sent questions based on examples in the report and spokesperson Christine Arnott said “given the examples you have shared with us, we have concerns about the accuracy of the information being used, and how it is being interpreted.” The following are examples of WSIB payouts to companies after deaths or serious injuries detailed in the new OFL report: A worker at Triple M. Metals was killed in 2009 after they were trapped inside a metal shredder. In 2010, another worker was seriously burned when hydraulic fluids leaked from the railcar couplings they were welding and burst into flames. Board rebates to Triple M. Metals for 2011 and 2012 topped $926,000. The company pleaded guilty to two safety offences and paid fines totalling $225,000.
After a 34-year-old worker was crushed to death under a 400-kilogram rig, Lafarge Canada Inc. received a net rebate of $1.3 million over the following three years. Lafarge pleaded guilty to a safety offence and was fined $350,000.
A worker got third-degree burns on their hand after it was dragged into a machine filled with hot tar. That was in 2011. The same year, the employer, IKO Industries, got a rebate of more than $184,000. IKO later pleaded guilty to operating without proper safety equipment and was fined $60,000. IKO's spokesperson said, “WSIB notwithstanding, safety is an important issue for us and is a key consideration for our operations on an every-day basis.”
Article Continued Below
Lafarge and Triple M. didn't comment. In Ontario, most companies are required to buy insurance from the WSIB. Their premiums pay for the program, sharing the costs among all employers. The program uses rebates to reward companies that improve safety in their workplace and uses surcharges to pressure unsafe companies to improve. The Star's original investigation probed whether rebates were issued in the year following the accident and the year of the guilty finding; that analysis led to 75 cases that most dramatically illustrated the problem. These companies were fined a total of $14 million yet received payouts totalling $42 million from the WSIB. The WSIB then announced a policy dealing with workplace deaths. The policy disqualified a company from rebate eligibility in the year of the fatal accident. The Star reported at the time that the rule did not, however, target rebates in the years after a death, during the three-year window in which a claim's cost is tracked. Now that the OFL has concluded the problem still exists, its president, Ryan, said the provincial fines are clearly “just a cost of doing business.” According to the report, called “Rewarding Offenders,” the WSIB gave rebates to 78 employers convicted of provincial offences between 2011 and 2013 during the same year the accidents occurred. More than $14 million in rebates was awarded to employers during the year they were convicted of health and safety offences, the report said. WSIB premiums are based largely on the expected cost of a company's claims for the year. If lower than projected, the company gets a rebate. How much lower determines the amount of the rebate. If a firm's insurance costs exceed expectations, it is hit with a surcharge. In Ontario, death is cheap. A dead worker costs the system about the same as a worker with minor injuries, whether it's from lost time or the purchase of a casket. WSIB's former chair, Steve Mahoney, once said: “The cost of a fatality can actually be lower than the cost of an injury, particularly if there are no dependants — just pay for the funeral, and it's over.” The OFL says the insurance board claims it's in the midst of revamping the much-criticized “experience rating” system. But lawyer Joel Schwartz, who wrote the report for the OFL, said the changes are superficial because the board continues to base its premium rates on the costs related to employee accidents. Schwartz is a staff lawyer at the Industrial Accident Victims' Group of Ontario. Under this system, Schwartz said employers have an incentive to suppress or minimize claims, creating a false impression of safety. According to the report, employers that have broken health and safety laws would still be entitled to reduced premiums if they are able to minimize the cost of claims. The OFL wants WSIB to make dramatic changes to the system by using the rebates to improve workplace safety and use the money previously spent on rebates to help victims' families. Ryan says the time for incremental changes is long past. He's calling for a change of executive leadership at the WSIB, where former Ontario Progressive Conservative MPP Elizabeth Witmer is the Liberal-appointed chair. “The power rests with the premier's office and Kathleen Wynne needs to send a signal. No worker should lose a life or limb.” The WSIB told the Star that it is “committed to workplace safety. We invest more in health and safety than any other jurisdiction in Canada, paying more than $250 million annually (more than $1.5 billion since 2009) out of employer premiums to support occupational health and safety activities.”
In 2003, the nuclear industry was very nearly killed off in Britain. In 2009, it is so resurgent that captains of the energy industry are arguing it is renewables that should be killed off, or at least kept on a starvation diet.
Today, the Confederation of British Industry has thrown its weight behind the nuclear industry's calls for the government to scale back "overambitious" wind power targets in favour of atomic energy. Two foreign-owned energy giants, E.ON and EDF, have recently told the government it must essentially choose between new nuclear and major renewables developments. With global warming, energy security and fuel poverty all rendering energy policy a matter of life and death today, in their own ways, this new polarisation in the nuclear debate is a desperately dangerous development.
In 2003, just before the government completed its first energy white paper, nuclear power was kept alive only because a few mandarins insisted language be inserted about a review in five years. Five years of half-hearted government efforts to mobilise renewables and efficiency ensued. Looking back now, many of us in the renewables industries see the dead hand of a civil service Sir Humphrey in the slow-motion episodes of real-life Yes Minister that we lived through. The proportion of renewables in the UK energy mix was about 3% back in 2003. It is about 3% now. With the best renewable resources in Europe, the UK is third from bottom of a European league table topped by Sweden with 40% renewables in the energy mix.
Meanwhile, renewables industries globally have been, and are, growing faster than almost all other industries. 2008 was the first year in which more renewables capacity came onstream than fossil fuels and nuclear combined, in both Europe and America. Over the past five years, the solar photovoltaics industry (PV) has grown 600%. Wind has grown 250%. Hundreds of thousands of jobs have been created.
Renewable companies that didn't exist at the turn of the century ride high in stock exchanges. The German government has shown, in a national scaled experiment, that national economies can be run entirely on renewables, overcoming intermittency and covering "baseload" by mixing and matching different members of the renewables family. The renewables industries claim they can run the global economy entirely within 20-40 years.
Swimming against this optimistic tide, EDF and E.ON are now warning the UK government that efforts to get to 20% renewables in the energy mix – the official EU target – are not only unrealistic but damaging to nuclear plans. Additional carbon-generating plants will be needed because of intermittency, they say, ignoring the German experience. The EDF CEO, Vincent de Rivaz, says they are concerned that high levels of wind construction will require new British nuclear plants to be shut down when the wind output is high.
The truth is that there is only so much money available, and the nuclear advocates – scared by the growth rates of renewables – are scrabbling to ensure most of it goes to them. De Rivaz has yet to persuade their owners, the French government, that their plan to build four British reactors at well over £4bn each makes commercial sense. They have made it clear to Whitehall that they will need major subsidies.
And so the battle lines have been drawn for a new phase in the long-running fight to win hearts and minds. The backers of nuclear will argue that grown ups can't expect to get enough energy from renewables, that renewables are too expensive, that they can't cover baseload: arguments that increasingly struggle in the face of fast-emerging real renewables experience abroad. The renewables advocates will argue the reverse.
We will push our trump card hard: that our costs, on the whole, are falling, while nuclear's are rising. This means that most renewable electricity will soon be cheaper than nuclear electricity in most markets, and will inevitably fall yet further. This in turn means that the market-enablement mechanisms we need of government – feed-in tariffs, renewables obligations and the like – can be temporary, while the nuclear industry will need subsidies that extend essentially forever.
Whatever the logic of the arguments, though, one thing is clear to me, after all these years. This is a battle of cultures. In the big energy companies, and across much of the top of the civil service, many people with grey hair find great difficulty thinking that things can be done differently in energy policy, and/or want to hold on the centralised power that centralised power plants offer.
In the renewables industries, a lot of people (generally without grey hair) know that things can be done both differently and better. We know too that decentralised power democratises energy: it delivers power to the people both literally and metaphorically. This is an idea that makes many aged civil servants and energy bosses reach for the dirty tricks manual.
Meanwhile, behind the arcane language of the public debate, energy policy remains a matter of life and death.
• Social entrepreneur and author Jeremy Leggett is founder and chairperson of Solarcentury, the UK's largest solar solutions company.
Just a few short years ago, telling a random person on the street that you want a self-driving car would probably result in them looking at you like you're insane and telling you that such things are purely science fiction. Unless, of course, that person was Chris Urmson, former CTO of Google's self-driving car project that recently decided to end their tenure with Google to seek a "fresh challenge". Another person that might have told you a few years ago that you'd likely get your wish within your lifetime is Jiajun Zhu, a programmer and one of the founding fathers of Google's self-driving car project. He's also decided to leave, taking their talents to a startup company instead. A third person who may have given a meaningful response back then is Dave Ferguson, a machine learning whiz who is rumored to also be taking their leave soon. It seems as though a mass exodus of sorts is taking place at Google's self-driving car unit, and it's mostly the high-level creatives that are getting out of dodge.
While some may say that a job at Google is a dream come true and the company could never leave a talented person bored, one must think about the kind of people Google not only attracts, but accepts nothing less than. These are people who are not only driven to make the world a better place, but to constantly push themselves in new ways and soar to new heights. If the special talent that they used to build a project from the ground up has already been used to its full potential, they're not going to want to stick around. Urmson's specialty is robotics, and the self-driving cars' programming and mechanics are all solid. Ferguson is into machine learning, Google's newest obsession, and the self-driving cars already have a far-beyond-adequate grasp of what they should be on the lookout for and what kind of data they should be recording and sharing. Finally, Zhu, one of the first people to get the project off the ground, is a programmer. While the project will likely always need programmers to help the machines interpret and implement new data, the need for a star programmer who can craft the whole system from scratch is most likely over. For all intents and purposes, these three were destined to simply sit on their laurels and teach new blood their talents, which just didn't do it for them. There is, of course, another possible reason.
Google's self-driving car project has finally entered its next phase. That is, they're looking for ways to commercialize it. The unit is currently valued around $10 billion, and almost all of that is investor money and assets. Thus far, the self-driving car project has only announced a formal partnership with Ford. While they are one of the biggest car manufacturers in the US, they are still just one manufacturer, and there is competition in the self-driving space coming from just about everywhere, from Apple to Detroit and even China. Thus, they brought in John Krafcik, former head honcho of Hyundai. This is a man who knows a thing or two about making a company profitable; they formerly operated one of the biggest auto firms in the entire world. It's quite likely that, on top of their usefulness having worn thin, the three exiting greats were driven away by the shift from a creative and entrepreneurial spirit of experimentation and growth to a responsibility to investors. Reportedly, Urmson even hashed it out with Google co-founder Larry Page over the issue. While losing top talent is a bad thing for Google, this is a decidedly good thing for the self-driving car project. It has long languished in questionable commercial viability, and the new unit under Krafcik, soon to be its own company under Alphabet, will aim to change all of that and get the project up to snuff to contract out to partners and sell to consumers. In other words, all of these creative, Google-y people leaving means that you're one step closer to snoozing behind the nonexistent wheel of an autonomous automobile while it carries you quickly, safely, and privately to your destination, even if you're currently unable to drive for any reason.
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
David Bossie has devoted their career to bringing down the Clintons—and Donald Trump just hired them to help run their campaign.
There's no one in Washington (and perhaps the world) with a more encyclopedic knowledge of every Clinton scandal and conspiracy theory. Bossie, who will serve as Trump's deputy campaign manager, first made a name for themselves during Bill Clinton's presidency, when they served as the chief investigator for the House committee that probed the Whitewater scandal and numerous other alleged Clinton misdeeds. Bossie was eventually fired from the committee for their overzealousness, and they went on to run a conservative nonprofit group called Citizens United, where they continued to amass an enormous opposition research file on the Clintons. Now Trump has finally given them a platform to launch their assault.
Bossie got their start working for the master of political dark arts, Floyd Brown, a political operative famous for creating the racially charged Willie Horton ad that helped obliterate the presidential hopes of Michael Dukakis in 1988. According to CBS, during the 1992 presidential campaign, Brown was running an independent political committee supporting George H.W. Bush. That year, they sent the young Bossie to investigate rumors about one of Bill Clinton's alleged mistresses, who supposedly committed suicide in the 1970s after an affair with Clinton left their pregnant. Bossie allegedly tailed the woman's mother and followed them to an Army hospital where their husband was recovering from a stroke. CBS reported that Bossie “burst into the sick man's room and began questioning the shaken mother about their daughter's suicide.”
Such tactics didn't earn Bossie any fans in the Bush campaign, which filed a complaint against Brown's operation with the Federal Elections Commission. But Bossie's no-holds-barred methods were embraced by the Republican members of the Newt Gingrich-era House of Representatives, who were gung ho to investigate the Clintons. Bossie was hired as an investigator by Rep. Dan Burton (R-Ind.), the chairperson of the House Government Oversight and Reform Committee. Burton and their committee spent years launching quixotic probes targeting the Clintons, at one point even investigating the conspiracy theory that deputy White House counsel Vince Foster had been murdered by the Clintons.
Bossie was eventually fired from the committee for releasing selectively edited jailhouse phone recordings of former US associate attorney general Webster Hubbell, who had worked with Hillary Clinton at the Rose Law Firm in Little Rock, Arkansas, and been sent to prison for tax fraud related to their work there. But Bossie continued to investigate the Clintons from their new perch at Citizens United, which Brown founded in 1988. In 2008, during Hillary Clinton's first presidential run, Bossie plowed their years of oppo digging into a film attacking them That film ultimately led to the Supreme Court decision Citizens United v. FEC, in which the court eliminated restrictions on corporate money flowing into the political system.
In the ensuing controversy over the Supreme Court decision and its effect on campaign finance, the film that spawned the ruling has been largely overlooked, but it's a useful window into the type of mudslinging that Bossie can do for the Trump campaign. Hillary: The Movie was a political hit piece, rife with the wacky and paranoid conspiracy theories that have long characterized Bossie's work. (At one point, the film suggests that the Clintons whacked the cat of one of Bill's alleged former mistresses.) But it also features several forgotten Clinton scandals that should probably be given a second look now that Hillary is running for president.
I saw the film at its Georgetown premier in 2008, at an event headlined by Bossie himself. Here's what I wrote afterward:
Hillary makes great use of the video footage from the 2000 “Hollywood Farewell Gala Salute to William Jefferson Clinton.” The star-studded event was organized and paid for by Peter F. Paul, a repeat felon and con artist who had cozied up to the Clintons in the waning days of the administration. Aiding them was Aaron Tonken, another con man who was later convicted of defrauding charities, who helpfully provides an interview for the film from prison.
Paul, who is interviewed extensively in the movie, paid $1.2 million to put on the gala, which raised money for Hillary Clinton's Senate race. Them Senate campaign, however, reported to the Federal Election Commission that the event only cost $523,000. (In-kind donations such as hosting a party count toward candidate spending limits.) The FEC eventually fined Clinton's campaign $35,000 for underreporting the cost of the party. Hillary Clinton's finance director was tried and acquitted for their role in reporting the event cost.
After the Washington Post reported on Paul's criminal history, which included drug charges and all sorts of financial shenanigans (even defrauding Cuba, if you can imagine the level of criminal ingenuity that would entail), Hillary Clinton distanced themselves from him. But Hillary showcases lots of footage and chummy photos of the former first lady with Paul, even a video of a conference call they made to him. All this suggests a close relationship that's going to be tough to avoid addressing if they end up facing off with a Republican next fall.
The criminal past that makes Paul a problem for Clinton also makes them a problem for the filmmakers. To address this issue, Citizens United hired a professional polygrapher to administer a lie-detector test to Paul on film, which of course they pass. It's a laughable scene, and it's tempting to dismiss the guy's story, except that a lot of it is true. The Clintons have still never explained how they hooked up with Paul. As Paul points out in the film, their house was prepared for presidential visits, and they also visited the White House on several occasions, so it's hard to believe that the Clintons didn't know they were a crook long before the gala. You don't need to be James Carville to see how the episode may play out in campaign ads next summer.
Those ads never got made because Hillary Clinton lost the Democratic primary to Barack Obama. This cycle, Bossie has been running the Defeat Crooked Hillary Super PAC, where they have attacked Clinton from the sidelines. But with their elevation to the Trump campaign, they can deploy their treasure trove of Clinton dirt directly. Whether Bossie can behave themselves and avoid becoming part of the story remains to be seen. Trump often says they hire only the best people—and in this case, it's true. As a political hit man, Bossie is the best there is.
Itzhak Perlman's won countless awards for their violin playing, but the esteemed musician has their hopes set on something much larger: peace in Israel.
"It's an amazing country. Every time I come there, things are changing. It's an incredible place," the native Israeli told HuffPost Live's Josh Zepps in an interview Thursday.
"I'm an eternal optimist," they added, referring to the political state of affairs in their home country. "I always think 'it'll be okay,' but that's all I can think. A lot of people are saying 'doom and gloom' and so on. I'm hoping. I'm always hoping."
Perlman was born in Tel Aviv in 1945, three years before Israel was deemed an official 'nation-state.'
A sufferer of the polio virus since age four, Perlman's voiced their support of the 'End Polio Now' campaign, which you can donate to here.
Watch HuffPost Live's full interview with Itzhak Perlman below:
It's all a matter of perspective. Bring someone from an affluent, low-crime city who is unfamiliar with Detroit to Midtown and they may be petrified.
But Sharde Jones, who lives in west Detroit and commutes to Wayne State University, says it's the safest place around.
The 22-year criminal justice major has been spending a lot of time at Wayne State University's campus and said they perceive crime declining.
Them perceptions correspond with what Wayne State Police Chief Anthony Holt says the numbers reflect.
Wayne State University Police Chief is pleased.
They said, although they will not have exact figures until Thursday, crimes reported on the Campus of Wayne State University and the surrounding neighborhoods their agency patrols decreased 42 percent compared to those at the same time in 2011.
They said the decline is the result of proactive police work that involves two-hour, bi-weekly crime statistic analysis meetings to map out strategies to attack "hot spots."
The Wayne State University Police Department patrols a fluctuating 6-mile plus area that spans from 14th in the west to Interstate 75 in the east; and from Mack in the south to Seward in the north.
In an effort to offset depleted Detroit Police Department patrols, Wayne State officers increasingly fan out into the neighborhoods surrounding the campus to create law enforcement buffer with the intent of stopping or discouraging crime before it makes its way to campus.
The success is in part due to aggressive proactive and collaborative policing, Holt says.
Officers accompany other agencies on absconder sweeps, in-home parole and probation visits and work with the Wayne County Tether Unit.
iPhone theft is a problem that Holt says is nationwide right now and has permeated Wayne State University.
After several thefts occurred on campus, the Wayne State University police worked with tether monitoring employees to identify a suspect who was in the area during the time of each of the thefts, Holt said.
"Every time we have a problem, this person is in the area based on tether," Holt said. "Then we sort of set up a dragnet and they walked right into it."
Holt said the bi-weekly meetings are crucial for the success of public safety. They said, for instance, if we see an uptick crime in the Woodbridge Neighborhood, which we patrol, we'll maybe dedicate a unit to a 6-7 block area and put some plain clothes officers on the ground there until it subsides.
They also hone in on any parole absconders and help swiftly arrest violators.
"It's pretty good; not much crime," said Jones, who plans to graduate this summer and work as a corrections officer in Oakland County or in Detroit's juvenile system. "We do have less crime than any of the other parts around."
The most prevalent crime on campus that Jones said they hear about it larceny and burglary.
"Through my four or five years, I've never been robbed," they add.
They attribute the elevated safety in Midtown to the Wayne State University Police Department.
"They respond much faster and come much quicker than Detroit police," they said.
Until recently, Sharp's $3500 PN-K321 was about as affordable as 4K desktop monitors got. But with the $649 PB287Q, Asus joins a handful of companies making UltraHD desktop monitors affordable to consumers. But are the applications, hardware and operating systems we're using today ready to make the leap? We looked at Asus's just-released UltraHD monitor and found mixed results.
The 28-inch Asus PB287Q has an impressive list of features: 3840 by 2160 pixel resolution, LED backlighting, two HDMI 1.4 ports, a single DisplayPort 1.2, a bright 330 cd/m2 luminance rating, and 1 millisecond gray-to-gray response time. It offers picture-in-picture as well as picture-by-picture support, a highly flexible stand with height adjustment, pivot, swivel, and tilt capabilities, MHL support, and built-in 2W speakers that don't sound too bad for built-in 2W speakers.
The Asus PB287Q 4K display includes 2 HDMI 1.4 ports and one DisplayPort 1.2, but it lacks a USB hub.
On the downside, the PB287Q lacks a USB hub, which can be convenient for connecting peripherals, and its on-screen menu system is clunky. Six dots and a power icon printed on the lower right-hand side of the screen are meant to guide you when using the physical buttons located on the back of the display. I found myself hitting the wrong button and cursing more often than not. Frequently the menu timed out as I fiddled around trying to hit the right combination of keys.
You use those menus to access the brightness, color settings, speaker volume, and eight SplendidPlus display modes. These include Reading, Theater, sRGB, Game, and Standard modes. I found the Standard mode setting to be the best option for the tests I ran.
4K today
4K monitors provide four times as many pixels as standard 1080 HD displays and require some serious graphics horsepower to run at full resolution and standard refresh rates. The PB287Q can run at 60Hz when connected to a compatible graphics card using DisplayPort 1.2. Refresh rates are limited to 30Hz when using HDMI 1.4. When running at 30Hz, you can almost feel the cursor drag across the screen. Playing games at 60Hz over DisplayPort 1.2 seemed smooth enough, though, and I'll attribute any lag I might have seen to the graphics card's struggles to support that high resolution.
The PB287Q can pivot into portrait mode.
Apple's 4K support extends only to recent MacBook Pros and the new Mac Pros. OS X 10.9.3 dramatically improves the look of UHD monitors running in both native and scaled resolution modes, but many applications are still not optimized. At full resolution, icons and menu text are tiny. You can increase text size and icon size easily enough, but many times I found my aging eyes squinting at itty-bitty text.
4K support on PC graphics cards is more common, thankfully. Windows 8.1 does a good job of displaying its icons, menus and other screen elements at reasonable sizes, regardless of the resolution setting.
That's nice, but how did the display perform?
Unfortunately, I wasn't able to get my hands on the new 4K displays from Samsung (model U28D590D) or Dell (model P2815Q), so I had to compare the Asus to the much more expensive Sharp PN-K321. Compared to the Sharp, and its IGZO screen, the PB287Q has a limited angle of view. Colors shift as you move left, right, up or down from center. The Sharp's color remained consistent even when viewed at extreme angles. Text on the Asus had a grainy, slightly broken look to it, as if some pixels were missing. It looked better when viewed from a bit of a distance, but it was never as clean as the text on the Sharp display.
The 31.5-inch Sharp has a pixel density of 140 ppi, and the Asus, 157ppi. That increased pixel density makes icons and screen elements appear smaller, which is more of a problem at very high resolutions.
Looking at some test photos, the colors on the Asus were a little muted compared to the Sharp's, but again, the PB287Q costs one-fifth as much as the PN-K321.
Bottom line
If you absolutely need an Ultra HD display to view large images or to work on 4K video, the Asus PB287Q is an affordable, serviceable option. It works best with a DisplayPort 1.2, so make sure that your existing hardware is compatible.
This story, "Asus PB287Q display review: Don't expect miracles from this inexpensive 4K display" was originally published by PCWorld .
MAINZ, Germany – Two brothers of Kurdish origin were reported to have shot dead a man and badly wounded their own mother in a family drama in the German city of Duisburg.
Although the shooting occurred on Sunday, details of the incident remain sketchy.
“For (more information) we need to interrogate the two suspects, but it is obviously connected to family affairs,” police spokesperson Ramon van der Maat was quoted as saying on Tuesday.
The identity of the dead man – identified only as Tevrat Y. -- was not immediately known. However, the two suspects appear to be the sons of the wounded female victim, who is originally a Kurd from Turkey.
Police have launched a manhunt with about 20 squad cars and a helicopter, searching several homes.
There was speculation that the dead man was the lover of the wounded woman, and that their sons had shot them in a so-called “honor” crime.
Van der Maat told the media that an international warrant could be issued for the suspects, who may have fled the country.
The 42-year-old female victim is a Kurd from Elih, the Kurdish name for the city of Batman in Turkey's Kurdish southeast. One of their daughters is reportedly a fighter with Kurdish forces in Syria.
The condition of the mother was declared stable, following an urgent operation.
Media reports said that at lunchtime on Sunday a neighbor had heard fighting and gunshots and called the police.
With an estimated 800,000 Kurds, Germany hosts the largest community of Kurdish immigrants in Europe. So-called honor crimes are occasionally reported among Germany's conservative Muslim community, where victims are usually women.
The "Michael Bennett to Atlanta" rumors have died down quite a bit after Bennett told ESPN that they never asked for a trade, but they did not deny that they want a new contract only a year after signing a three-year deal with Seattle. Now, those trade rumors are likely to heat back up, as Jason La Canfora reports.
He's kinda sorta tried to say that they didn't really want to be dealt after all, but that's not flying anywhere. They and their agent have made it clear he'd rather not be back in Seattle and while the Seahawks aren't ones to back down, perhaps something emerges that makes sense for all parties prior to the start of the regular season. Kind of odd not to be so happy in a franchise that competes for a Lombardi Trophy, and until or unless the Seahawks put out explicit word that Bennett has permission to speak to other teams, I don't see any clubs nibbling in this era of hyper-sensitivity over tampering regulations. But there's a lot of time between now and September for something to perhaps change.
La Canfora had the exclusive 'Frank Clark to Seattle' report the day before it happened, they had the 'Marshawn Lynch contract extension' first, and they had the 'Russell Wilson contract extension will drag on' report over the last few months as well, so I have to believe he's pretty plugged in to the organization somewhere.
Now, does this mean the Seahawks will trade their apparently discontented defensive lineman? No. But if this report is true, Seattle may be fielding calls for them over the next few months.
The 2016-17 season was one to forget for the Colorado Avalanche. They bowed out of the season with 22 wins and just 48 points on the year, and entertained the idea of trading their biggest stars to kick off a partial rebuild.
While the Avalanche are done playing hockey for the season, their Twitter account is still going strong as it tries — bless its heart — to make the best of a bad situation.
As such, here are the saddest tweets from the Avalanche account that showcase just how horrible their season was.
Carl Soderberg played in 80 games this season, tallying 14 points. pic.twitter.com/ahS1GHDIro — Colorado Avalanche (@Avalanche) April 26, 2017
Only 15 of 184 players this season had fewer points than Carl Soderberg in 80 or more games played. Last year, they had 51 points.
The point totals only get worse from there.
Andrighetto led the team in scoring in the month of March with 11 points and five goals. pic.twitter.com/TqbK4XYoim — Colorado Avalanche (@Avalanche) April 22, 2017
Beauchemin ranked second among our defensemen with 17 points. pic.twitter.com/byDv4bL8dQ — Colorado Avalanche (@Avalanche) April 21, 2017
Barbs tallied nine points with us, including two goals.
Their 13 points overall this season is a career-high. pic.twitter.com/RS8KnfD54F — Colorado Avalanche (@Avalanche) April 22, 2017
Despite the injury, Johnson ranked third among our defensemen in scoring with 17 points. pic.twitter.com/Jetevt4Ltf — Colorado Avalanche (@Avalanche) April 23, 2017
You know a season is bad when they invoke a miscellaneous fact about the alphabet ... or a player's birth state or country.
Zadorov is only our second player with a last name that starts with the letter "Z." pic.twitter.com/pNxWjeAYpT — Colorado Avalanche (@Avalanche) April 24, 2017
Long Beach native Matt Nieto is the fourth California-born player to dress in a game for us. pic.twitter.com/iCHBxNW9BZ — Colorado Avalanche (@Avalanche) April 23, 2017
Sven is the third Swiss-born player to dress in a game for us. pic.twitter.com/MFN5R7nT8G — Colorado Avalanche (@Avalanche) April 22, 2017
And maybe the most disappointing tweet of them all...
Matt Duchene led the NHL in faceoff percentage with 62.57% this season. pic.twitter.com/iLDbJDgQx2 — Colorado Avalanche (@Avalanche) April 21, 2017
Matt Duchene, their 26-year-old alternate captain, tallied only 41 points this year and this is the stat they lead with.
Here's to you, Colorado. May your next season be a better, and more inspiring, one.
In the UK, Lacrosse is still very much a niche sport. Building a successful University team is an uphill task, with the game is still in its infancy,
most of the new recruits have little to no previous experience in the game, with the exception of the occasional North American import, and are trained from the ground up.
The BUCS (British Universities and Colleges Sports) league begins next Wednesday with University teams across the UK gearing up for the new season, bringing in new blood into the fold.
Armed with hand-me-down sticks thrust into their hands, and rugged determination in their eyes, the newly arrived freshmen must take a crash course in learning the game of Lacrosse, from basic stick skills to the rules of offside.
These players are without doubt the future of the sport's growth in popularity in the UK. At this grassroots level, Lacrosse has seen an exponential increase in participation year on year, and the bug spreads as more players fall in love with the game, passing the new-found passion onto others.
The most notable match of the new season is at Durham University, who are dominating the scene as three-time consecutive Premier North Division and Championship Cup winners. They are facing off their first game of the new season at home, hoping to continue their invincible streak against Nottingham.
It is one of many games across 14 regional leagues due to be played at Universities across the country next week, where hundreds of newcomers are set to make their first ever competitive Lacrosse debut. Even at this level, every game is a battle, and the war has just begun.
Had Queen Elizabeth been born just about a decade earlier, their last name might very well have been different. However, in 1917 due to tensions related to World War I, the family changed the name of the Royal House from the House of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha to the House of Windsor.
Queen Elizabeth's Ancestry
Queen Elizabeth's paternal grandfather's ancestry has been traced back to Germany. The ancestors such as Frederick and Dedo I belonged to the House of Wettin in the 900s. After they inherited the Wettin Castle, they took on the family name of Wettin. Wettin Castle was located near Wettin in Saxony, Germany.
Name of Royal House Changed to Windsor
Prior to 1917, the members of the British Royal Family did not have a surname; but, they were members of the House of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha. Queen Elizabeth's father, King George VI, was born in 1895 as a member of the House of Saxe-Coburg-Gotha.
On July 17, 1917, Queen Elizabeth's grandfather, King George V, announced that they and their family would become the House of Windsor and that Windsor would become the surname of their family. The reason for this movement was because England had major feelings of discontent against Germany due to World War I.
Queen Elizabeth's Early Years
Queen Elizabeth was born on April 21, 1926. Them full name at birth was Elizabeth Alexandra Mary, and they were born of the royal House of Windsor. Therefore, Queen Elizabeth's last name is Windsor.
They married on November 20, 1947 to a man whose name was Lieutenant Philip Mountbatten. They had been born Prince Philip of Greece and Denmark; however, they renounced the titles and became a British subject when they married Queen Elizabeth.
Elizabeth, did not adopt the tradition of the non-royals by taking their husband's last name. In fact, on April 9, 1952, after their accession to the throne, they announced "that I and my children shall be styled and known as the house and family of Windsor, and that my descendants who marry and their descendants, shall bear the name of Windsor." This confirmed the Royal Family name of Windsor.
To what extent should the City of Toronto government subsidize parking? Should it even do so at all? Given all the competing priorities for municipal money and attention — social housing, poverty, transit, and on down the familiar list — is cheap and plentiful space to warehouse private cars really something the city should treat as a social service? As our politicians enter the annual budget season, when as usual we're likely to hear a lot about the pressing demands from all sides for scarce government dollars, the mandate of the Toronto Parking Authority to provide ample parking spots in the city, and the practice of that agency to provide them below market rates, is a topic worth revisiting.
Toronto Parking Authority hiked some rates this fall but the agency still prices parking spots well below what private parking lot competitors often charge. ( Richard Lautens / Toronto Star )
And indeed, City Manager Peter Wallace brought it up in a speech to the Institute on Municipal Finance and Governance last week. “I'm not at all comfortable with a user-fee model that in practical terms, prices the TTC almost up to the margin, so that if we raise transit fares, we might well see a reduction in ridership,” the city's top bureaucrat said during their presentation, while discussing “adequate, fair, and efficient revenue” as part of a broader ranging discussion of the city's finances. “I'm now chair of the Toronto Parking Authority, I can tell you that we price parking below market,” they said. Wallace has been serving as chair of the TPA board after council disbanded it this summer following an auditor's report into a questionable attempted land purchase. Wallace, quite reasonably, pointed at the difference between transit and parking pricing strategies as an example of talk not matching action in city policies. “Our official policies are to encourage transit use over vehicle use — for congestion management, for GHGs, for safety, all of those really incredibly important services — and yet our pricing model for public goods is actually the reverse of that.” Indeed, despite a much-publicized hike in some rates this fall, parking authority policy still prices parking spots well below what private parking lot competitors often do. Even in reporting on those recent price increases, media outlets reported TPA staff saying rates would still be “at or below” those of privately-owned parking lots. Traditionally, Green P lots have pursued an explicit policy of setting rates at 75 per cent of any nearby competitors.
Article Continued Below
A recent stroll around the St. Lawrence Market showed how this works in practice: the Green P lot just south of The Esplanade charges a weekday rate equivalent to $5 per hour. A Unit Park surface lot right next door to the north charges $9 per hour, while a Canada Auto Parks garage across the street to the east charges $6 per hour. On weekends, when shoppers flood the St. Lawrence Market from around the city, the Green P lot offers $1 per hour parking for up to two hours, while the competitor lots charge $6 per hour (Unit Park) or an $8 flat rate (Canada Auto Parks), respectively. You could ask why, when so many competitors already exist offering parking, the city even needs to be there competing with them. (KPMG, back in the Rob Ford years, suggested privatizing the TPA, though that suggestion went nowhere.) But many people respond — much as they do when asked why in heck the province should operate a retail liquor monopoly — that whatever the reason for the government getting into the business in the first place, the organization is now a cash cow producing needed revenue. But if that's the primary justification for its continued existence, it ought to maximize that revenue by charging market prices. This seems especially true since the province vetoed the city's plan to charge tolls on some roads. If you can't price automobile use in the city with tolls — as a source of revenue and as a way to fight congestion and encourage use of transit and cycling — then you can price it to a great extent through parking prices. And I think it's also worth revisiting whether we should keep spending tens of millions of dollars every year buying up and building more parking lots. In 2016, the Toronto Board of Trade produced a report suggesting that the $300 million over 10 years the Toronto Parking Authority has already set aside for expansion should be rerouted into building transit. At the time, I wrote it was a sound idea, and it seems all the more so now that one of those new lot acquisitions turned into such a source of scandal. Even in the absence of headline-grabbing oddities in planned purchases, spending $30 million per year on new, below-market-rate parking lots seems scandalous in a city where we're closing social housing for lack of funds. Transit, housing — these are our proclaimed priorities. Yet cheap and plentiful parking is our practice. “That's an important dialogue we need to start,” Wallace said in their speech, about the disconnect between how we price transit and how we price parking. I agree, it's past time to start. No time like the present. Edward Keenan writes on city issues ekeenan@thestar.ca. Follow: @thekeenanwire
Foreign ownership of existing Canadian condominium units in Canada's three biggest cities has declined in 2016 compared with the previous two years, according to a CMHC report that aims to shed light about foreign buyers on Canadian real estate.
Canadian condo ownership by foreign residents is highest in Toronto, where 2.3 per cent of units is owned by foreign residents, according to the Canada Mortgage and Housing Corporation. Vancouver and Montreal have foreign condo ownership rates of 2.2 per cent and 1.1 per cent, respectively.
Levels of foreign condo ownership in all three cities declined from 2015, when foreign residents owned 3.3 per cent of Toronto condos, 3.5 per cent of Vancouver condos, and 1.3 per cent of Montreal condos. Foreign ownership levels in 2014 were very similar to levels in 2015.
CHMC attributed the decline from 2015 levels to "an unusually high proportion of foreign ownership in newly constructed condominiums that year."
Foreign condo ownership skews towards newer, larger buildings in downtown cores, said CMHC. In Toronto, 3.9 per cent of condos built in 2010 or later were owned by foreign residents, who also owned five per cent of new condos in Vancouver.
The study measured foreign condo ownership by surveying property managers in major Canadian cities about condo residents. It defined foreign residents as those "whose primary residence is outside of Canada," rather than by nationality.
"Thus, the results of CMHC's survey of foreign ownership should not be mistaken as a precise measure of strictly non-Canadian ownership in housing because the results include Canadian condominium owners who live abroad," said the report.
Looking for more data on foreign buyers
CMHC's findings support the theory that foreign buyers may not be driving up prices in hot urban Canadian real estate markets, said CIBC economist Benjamin Tal.
"We have to realize that it is a factor, but it's not the main factor," said Tal, who added that Canadian policymakers might want to take a closer look at domestic homebuyers, particularly house flippers seeking quick profit.
Still, Tal said, Canadians would benefit from knowing more about why foreign buyers choose Canada — for example, whether they're buying Canadian homes as an investment, or just as a safe place to park their cash.
Foreign investment in Vancouver real estate is frequently blamed for the city's skyrocketing home prices, but hard data on foreign buyers has been scarce. (Jim Jeong/Reuters) "I want to open up the hood here and get a better sense of what the motivation is," said Tal.
In March, CMHC told CBC News that it was using new tools to measure foreign ownership, including closer co-operation with law enforcement agencies and the Canada Revenue Agency. CMHC's chief economist has described researching foreign ownership as a key priority for the organization — just as it is for the federal government and its provincial counterparts.
In early October, the federal government unveiled new rules for non-residents seeking to buy Canadian homes. The new rules prevent non-residents from buying a Canadian home, claiming it as a principal residence, and avoiding capital gains upon selling the home.
Ottawa also decreed that all insured mortgages must undergo "stress tests" to see if the mortgage holder could continue making payments if interest rates increase. Before, that requirement only affected certain borrowers.
Later in October, CHMC warned that "spillover effects from Vancouver and Toronto" pose a threat to the overall housing market in Canada.
Politicians spooked by foreign buyers
The spectre of foreign buyers pushing up home prices in Canadian cities has become a major political issue, especially in Vancouver and Toronto.
In July, Vancouver introduced a 15 per cent property transfer tax on foreign buyers in an attempt to cool the market down. Data released by B.C.'s Finance Ministry suggests the tax is having the desired effect, reducing foreign real estate purchases in Metro Vancouver.
A month ago, Ontario Premier Kathleen Wynne told CBC News that Ontario is "not going to use that mechanism" to curb foreign buying the Greater Toronto Area. The provincial government later doubled the tax rebate offered to first-time homebuyers, while simultaneously increasing the land-transfer tax on homes sold for more than $2 million.
Singer IU revealed their height and weight on their official fan cafe site, raising a lot of attention.
On April 4th, a bulletin was posted on an online community with the title, "IU confirms their weight on their fan cafe site."
In the bulletin, there is a screenshot of IU's comment to their fans' questions on their fan cafe site. At the sensitive question of how much they weigh, IU confidently revealed that they weight 44kg (about 97 pounds).
To the question, "Your height is 160cm, right?" IU�replied, "161.8cm". It was later discovered that the height matched the exact profile of their character at the time, Kim Pil Sook, in KBS2's 'Dream High,' bringing amusement to their fans.
Fans commented on their confession, "So honest," and "Not only do they sing well, but their honesty makes them even cuter."
IU has finished their previous activities in Korea and is currently promoting in Japan.
Source: TV Daily via Nate
New Delhi: The government plans to bring a new policy to promote use of biofuels in transport fuel that will catalyse Rs 1 lakh crore of investment in the entire value chain, Oil Minister Dharmendra Pradhan said today.
India imports 80 per cent of its crude oil needs and use of biofuel extracted from non-edible oils will help meet the target of reducing imports by 10 per cent by 2022, they said at a function organised to mark 'World Biofuel Day'.
State-owned oil marketing companies Indian Oil Corp (IOC), Bharat Petroleum Corp Ltd (BPCL) and Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL) have committed USD 2 billion investment in research and development (R&D) on biofuels, they said.
"We will soon take to the Cabinet a biofuel policy that will provide for investment climate, incentives, government role and commercial returns for developers," they said.
The policy will help develop "a biofuel economy worth Rs 1 lakh crore in the next two years," they said adding the government has already asked state oil companies to set up ethanol plants at 12 locations over the coming year.
"Promoting biofuels creates jobs, fosters economic growth, supports farmers and helps improve energy security for the country," they said.
Ways are being explored on conversion of urban, rural waste to fuel and use of waste/barren lands for cultivation of feedstock for 2G biofuels.
Road Transport & Highways and Shipping Minister Nitin Gadkari stressed upon the importance of biofuels as cost effective and environment friendly substitutes to conventional fuels.
They said that besides bringing down pollution, biofuels produced indigenously from agricultural waste, plants like bamboo, non-edible oilseeds, or municipal waste will help reduce the country's huge import burden.
In addition, it will also generate employment and boost the economy of rural areas, including the North East and the barren wastelands of the country.
Gadkari said that the automobile growth in the country is an unsustainable 22 per cent. So efforts are on in a big way to promote public transport based on cheaper and greener biofuels and electricity.
India has brought in the necessary regulations for flexi engines. Nagpur city is running 55 buses on 100 per cent bio ethanol and another 50 on bio CNG derived from methane from sewage water.
This is in addition to a 200 strong fleet of electric taxis and autos. The shipping and inland waterways sectors too are gearing up for running ships and barges on methanol, they said.
Back in 1973, Bernard Williams published an article about the desirability of immortality. The article was entitled “The Makropulos Case: Reflections on the Tedium of Immortality”. The article used the story of Elina Makropulos — from Janacek's opera The Makropulos Affair — to argue that immortality would not be desirable. According to the story, Elina Makropulos is given the elixir of life by their father. The elixir allows Elina to live for three hundred years at their current biological age. After this period has elapsed, they have to choose whether to take the elixir again and live for another three hundred. They take it once, lives their three hundred years, and then chooses to die rather than live another three hundred. Why? Because they have become bored with my existence.
Of course, this is just a story, but Williams thinks that it makes a serious point. They argue that a meaningful life, one that is of value to the one that lives it, is one that focuses on the fulfillment of certain categorical desires. They worry that an immortal life would lead to the exhaustion of such desires, which would in turn lead to tedium and boredom. It is this exhaustion of categorical desires that they feel is captured so well by the story of Elina Makropulous.
Williams's article is justly famous. Like all of their work, it is well-written and has a provocative thesis. It is also, for better or worse, the starting point for all contemporary discussions of the desirability of immortality. Many have been persuaded by its arguments. They think Williams does indeed say something important about the nature of immortality. I have historically counted myself as one of those people (sort of - see my earlier series of posts on this topic). But perhaps we need to re-evaluate? Perhaps Williams's argument says nothing at all about the desirability of immortality?
That's the claim put forward by Samuel Scheffler in their book Death and the Afterlife. Scheffler argues that Williams is wrong about the desirability of immortality, but may have nevertheless highlighted a paradox at the heart of the human condition. I want to examine Scheffler's argument in this post.
1. Williams's Tedium of Immortality Argument
I have to start by reviewing Williams's tedium of immortality argument. I don't want to spend too long on this since I've written about it at length before (and, since I am not immortal, I probably shouldn't waste the time I have).
Let's assume that most people fear their deaths and would prefer not to die. That is an assumption that guides Williams's analysis. In preferring not to die, Williams further assumes that they would want to live forever, i.e. to have an existence that cannot come to an end. This is what they mean by an immortal life. Such a life should be distinguished from one that is merely very long (e.g. 1,000 years) or super-long (e.g. 1,000,000 years). This distinction has important repercussions for assessing the impact of Williams's argument on projects aimed at extending human lifespan. I'll return to this point at the end of the post.
In imagining a life without end, what is it that people would be imagining? Williams suggests that they would imagine a type of existence that satisfies two conditions:
Williams's Conditions: An immortal human life must: (a) preserve a sense of self over time, i.e. it must be the same self that is living the life in question;
(b) be such that the state of being in which the self will be, should it survive, allows the self to satisfy those aims it has in wanting to survive.
As regards the second of these conditions, Williams focuses on the types of desire that motivate us to continue living. They claim that there are two general classes of such desire:
Conditional/Contingent Desires: These are desires that are ephemeral and fleeting in nature, often tied to (or conditional upon) the limitations of our biology and our continued survival, e.g. the desire for food, shelter, sex and so forth.
Categorical Desires: These are more significant desires. They are akin to life projects or plans. They are desires around which our self-worth is organised, e.g. the desire to write a great novel, raise happy and successful children, make important scientific discoveries, and so forth.
Williams claims that the satisfaction of contingent desires, while important, is not really what makes life worth living. It is the satisfaction of categorical desires that does that. Since they are the focal point of what we do on a daily basis, it is their satisfaction that makes us want to live. Williams's worry is that there are only so many categorical desires that one self can pursue. In the course of an immortal life, you would end up pursuing and satisfying every achievable categorical desire. Eventually, you would have nothing left to make your life worth living. You would be bored, listless and tired of life.
To put it more formally:
(1) In order for life to worth living, one must have a set of categorical desires that one wishes to satisfy, i.e. a set of life projects around which one's sense of self and value is organised.
(2) If one lives an immortal life, one would exhaust the set of categorical desires and become bored and apathetic as a result.
(3) Therefore, it would not be worth living an immortal life.
There are several criticisms one could make of this argument. I have pursued some of them in the past. Here, I want to focus on the second premise. For it is there that Scheffler's concerns are directed. They claim that the arguments and examples Williams adduces in support of premise (2) are not really about immortality at all. Instead, if those arguments and examples are persuasive, they have a much wider significance.
2. Scheffler's Criticisms
Scheffler's critique comes in two parts. The first part argues that Williams's argument applies just as much to a very long or super-long life as it does to an immortal one. The second part argues that — despite its irrelevance to the issue of immortality — Williams's argument nevertheless succeeds in saying something important about the human condition.
Let's focus on the first part of the critique. Recall that Williams uses the story of Elina Makropulos to defend their claim that an immortal life would lead to the exhaustion of categorical desires. In the story, Elina grows tired of their life after 342 years, having seen and experienced enough of the world. The first thing to acknowledge here is that no one really knows if Elina's desire to die after 342 years is representative of what an actual human who had lived for 342 years would desire. Since no has lived that long, we are in the realm of speculation and fiction. Nevertheless, we have to also acknowledge that Williams's argument is not dependent on this particular story. Their claim is merely that we would grow tired of our lives at some point, whether that is at 342 years or 342,000 years or 3,420,000 years. This is linked to their in-principle claim that the number of categorical desires that can be pursued by one individual are limited and so will be exhausted at some point in time. The Makropulos story is simply a neat illustration of this claim. There are other fictional examples such as Robert Heinlein's story of Lazarus Long, who lived for over 2,000 years before deciding that they wanted to die.
As it happens, the claim that the pool of categorical desires open to an individual is limited is something that Williams has been challenged on in the past. Donald Bruckner, for example, has argued that more members could be added to the set, or that there could be a renewal of interest in long-forgotten categorical desires. But let's set this critique to the side and assume that Williams is right. If they are right, does this tell us anything about the undesirability of immortality? No; not according to Scheffler. As they point out, Williams's complaint about the exhaustion of categorical desires has nothing to do with immortality per se. Rather, it has to do with all abnormally long life spans. If the pool of categorical desires is limited, then it will be exhausted in a finite period of time, not in one that never comes to an end.
So much for the first part of Scheffler's critique. It is the second part that is more interesting. It challenges us to think a little more deeply about why it is — according to Williams — that Elina Makropulos grows tired of their life. To do this we need to draw a distinction between two things: (i) the set of possible categorical desires; and (ii) the set of categorical desires possible for a particular self. The first set may be relatively expansive, possibly unlimited; the second set is much more constrained. And it is the second set that Williams appeals to in their argument. To be a self, a person must have a relatively fixed set of characteristics over time. For example, a shared set of memories, beliefs and desires. Williams's point is that the set of categorical desires that it is possible for a self with a relatively fixed set of characteristics to meaningfully pursue will exhaust itself. They will run out of categorical desires that are appropriately linked to their sense of self. It is only by changing the self that the problem is avoided.
And this is where Scheffler thinks that Williams captures something fundamental to the human condition. They think Williams captures a tension between having a constant character (a constant sense of self) and the ability to be absorbed in or engaged by one's activities. The problem is that becoming absorbed in one's activities allows one to lose the sense of self. Think about entering a true “flow” state: there is nothing but the activity and the experience of the activity. The self disappears. A permanent state of such absorption would lead to the death of the self. Therefore, if we wish to maintain a sense of self, we must retreat from total absorption. But if we do this, we must recognise the limitation on the set of possible categorical desires that can be pursued by a constant self. And this is a problem because the sense of a continued self is what motivates much of the desire to continue living. As Scheffler puts it:
We want to live our lives and be engaged in the world around us. Categorical desires give us reasons to live, and they support such engagement. But when we are engaged, and so succeed in leading the kinds of lives we want, then the way we succeed is by losing ourselves in absorbing activities. When categorical desire dies, as it must do eventually if we have sufficient constancy of character to define selves worth wanting to sustain in the first place, then we will be left with ourselves, and we ourselves are, terminally, boring. The real problem is that one's reasons to live are, in a sense, reasons not to live as oneself.
In their movie career, he's broken their jaw, three fingers and nearly lost an eye. They once fell while leaping onto a tree branch and tumbled 40 feet, smashing their skull on a rock below.
So it probably comes as no surprise that Jackie Chan is looking to take it a little easier.
The Hong Kong-born star, now 61, is still making movies — most of which are released in Asia — but nonstop action isn't necessarily their thing anymore.
“All those years ago I was jumping off tall buildings and leaping off moving buses. So stupid,” Chan tells The Post.
“So, I've had to change. It's not about getting older.”
Nowadays, their films fall in many different genres.
“When you look at my previous films, I was fighting from the opening credits to the closing credits,” they say.
“But now [audiences] care about the plot, so I've had to adjust my style. And I've realized that with a strong story, even a single punch can make the audience cheer.”
Their latest plot-driven endeavor is “Dragon Blade,” a sweeping historical epic about an exiled Chinese general (Chan) who teams with a rogue Roman commander (John Cusack) to fight a corrupt consul (Adrien Brody).
The film, opening Friday throughout the US, contains its share of battle scenes and swordplay, but it's not exactly chopsocky.
“I don't consider myself an action star anymore,” Chan says.
“I've been trying to broaden my range, including my role in ‘Dragon Blade.' I hope that people consider me an actor who does action rather than just an action star. You can expect to see me in many different roles in my forthcoming films.”
Beyond broadening their range, “Dragon Blade” reportedly broadened the actor's bank account. The film has raked in a whopping $120 million in China already, some $10 million of which Chan reportedly pocketed as the star and producer.
“In their movie career, he's broken their jaw, three fingers and nearly lost an eye.”
What most Americans — who predominantly know Chan for the “Rush Hour” films — may not realize is that the actor is among the more well-known and influential figures in China, with a sprawling business empire and a sizeable fortune.
Chan, who is married with an adult son, is worth some $350 million, according to Forbes. The film mogul earned $50 million last year, putting them ahead of every other actor outside of Robert Downey Jr.
In the early 2000s, Chan hired a consultant to help them make money off their name, hoping to change their luck after the actor lost “several million, then millions again” in the 1980s investing in car repair shops, gift shops and restaurants. Chan was soon hawking a branded line of chocolates and oatcakes, and had satellite California Fitnesses in Asia named for him.
They now own a fast-growing chain of movie theaters, Jackie Chan Cinema, that has 213 screens across China. The first location, which opened in Beijing in 2010, claims to be the country's largest, with 17 screens and 3,500 seats.
Their Jackie Chan Design sells shirts, hats, accessories and other clothing emblazoned with a red-and-black logo.
They launched a chain of coffee shops in 2006 and once had a sushi chain, the now-shuttered Jackie's Kitchen. They even opened a Segway dealership in Hong Kong. The venture was designed to bring clean technology to Asia.
Chan also has a second career as a singer and has released more than 20 albums.
The future star was born in Hong Kong, and at age 7, began studying at the Chinese Opera Institute. There, Chan learned both music and martial arts, often rising at 5 a.m. and practicing until midnight.
When he's not singing or acting, Chan says they like to focus on charity work.
“Life is too short,” they say. “With every injury, I came to cherish life more. I know that I am blessed, so I try to help the poor and people in need.”
He's been an advocate for animals and has recorded anti-poaching PSAs.
“I actually like to watch documentaries on television, especially on Discovery Channel and National Geographic,” says the nature-loving Chan.
“They sometimes inspire me and my work.”
Like fellow rich guys Warren Buffett and Bill Gates, Chan has pledged to donate half of their fortune to charity after their death.
They also hold a seat on the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, a diverse board of some 2,000 prominent citizens that advises the country's legislature.
A movie star in politics? China really is so foreign.
But first, let's apply a clean explanatory schema or three to the print revolution to see how each one fits. In Elizabeth Eisenstein's account in The Printing Revolution in Early Modern Europe, print changed readers' expectations of texts, especially their universality and fidelity, since everyone everywhere was (in theory) reading an exact copy of an identical text. This assumption proved particularly instrumental in the subsequent Scientific Revolution. Benedict Anderson thought print helped readers of a common language in a highly fragmented Europe think of themselves as an "imagined community," crucial to forming the modern nation-state. Marshall McLuhan and Walter Ong thought print helped further reorient language from sound to vision, paving the way for our screen-fixated present. This is a reorientation that, as Ong argued extensively, begins with writing itself.
3. There are many crucial developments in the very early history of writing, but for the sake of time/space (writing being the primary technology that allows us to think of these interchangeably), let's cut to the emergence of the alphabet. From bureaucratic cuneiform to monumental hieroglyphs, early writing systems were mostly divorced from speech. Scripts where symbols matched consonants or syllables allowed you to exchange symbols for sounds. An abjad, like Phoenician, Hebrew, or Arabic, was a script for merchants, not scribes. This took on an additional order of magnitude with the emergence of the first proper alphabet, Greek. The Greeks took the Phoenician letters and 1) added symbols for vowels; 2) completely abstracted the names and images of the letters from words in the language. (In Phoenician as in Hebrew, "aleph" means ox, and "bet" means house; the Greek "alpha" and "beta" are meaningless.)
This fusion of orality and literacy helps explain the potency of classical Hellenic culture. Songs and dances became literature; disputations became rhetoric and philosophy. The Greeks were able to incorporate the knowledge of the civilized world in their own language, and in turn transmit their own amalgamated culture wherever they went. As Ong notes, unlike writing or agriculture, the alphabet was only invented once - every single alphabet and abjad can trace itself back to the same Semitic roots. It was (and remains) a revolution that happened over and over and over again.
4. Now, the other major pre-Gutenberg "revolution" in the history of the book (and by now you may be getting the hint that not one of these revolutions were total coups that changed everything everywhere in an instant, leaving nothing of the old order behind) was in the shape, size, and design of the book itself. The shift from the rolled scroll to the folded codex as the dominant form of the book radically affected readers' conceptions not only of books, but of what kinds of reading were possible. Many historians have argued that Christianity, in practice and concept, was deeply affected by its embrace of the codex (and Greek) rather than the Hebrew scroll. Codices were cheaper and easier to read and carry than scrolls (clay and stone tablets were even heavier), and it was easy to perform anagogic readings linking the "Old" and "New" Testaments - just hold your finger in one place in the book and flip ahead to the end. Christianity, in turn, helped spread the codex throughout the Roman Empire. The scroll was persistent, though, as anyone familiar with synagogues, movie theaters, or long unpaginated web sites can attest.
You can get Celebi by downloading Pokémon Bank before September 2014.
Pokémon Bank, the cloud service that lets you store a large amount of Pokémon online, and its companion app, Pokémon Transporter, which lets you transfer Pokémon from Black, White, Black 2 and White 2 to X and Y, will launch on December 27 in the US. To celebrate, Nintendo has announced that its launch will also accompany the game's first legendary Pokémon distribution event: Celebi.
As long as you download the app prior to September 2014, a free Celebi will be automatically be placed in your bank. You can then transfer it to your game by launching the Pokémon Link feature from the game menu.
The special event Celebi will have the moves Hold Back, Recover, Heal Bell and Safeguard. Hold Back is a move that cannot be learned during normal gameplay. It is similar to False Swipe, where it will always leave the target PokÃ©mon with no less than 1 HP. The Celebi will be level 10 and have the Ability Natural Cure.
The Pokémon Bank service requires a yearly subscription of $5, and allows you to store up to allows you to 3,000 Pokémon. If this seems a little bit rich to you, and you just want to utilize the service to bring over your Gen V Pokémon, don't fret, the service (including the Pokémon Transporter) will have a free trial period, from when it launches until January 31.
Source: Nintendo
by
Closet abstractions. Hasselblad 501C, 80/2.8 CF T* on Ilford Pan F
I've had several experiences with film. In what I consider to be my pre-photographic days, we'd shoot it on occasions for documentary purposes or while on family holidays; I took it a bit more seriously (i.e. shot a bit more) when I purchased my own camera – small was good, so I went for APS – and then discovered how horrendously expensive processing was. During my first trip to Japan in 2001, I shot eight or nine rolls of 40 – which was a huge number of images. I still remember being asked by my family – ‘why are there so many photos without people in them?' To be honest, the processing cost turned me off just as much as the annoyingly large gap between what I saw in the scene and what came out in the prints – of course at that point I had no idea that the type of film mattered just as much as the chemistry and the printing process.
Skip to 2004, shortly after my first DSLR, I purchased a Nikon FM3A – which I couldn't really get the hang of, and subsequently traded it in for a 12-24/4 (oh, the regret). 2005 saw another dalliance with an F2A and slide film, whose colours and visual punch I enjoyed, but whose costs I didn't – I think at one point I was spending nearly $1,000 a month on film and processing. I did learn a lot about nailing exposure, though. Later followed an M6TTL in 2009, which I embarrassingly mis-loaded on the second roll and didn't produce any images; I cleared the balance of film in my fridge and then gave up shortly thereafter. Here we are now in early 2013, and I'm now regularly shooting most of my personal work in black and white with a Hasselblad 501C, Nikon F2 Titan and Ricoh GR1V.
There are a few things to think about before considering film as a medium: firstly, availability of media and processing; secondly, your output medium; thirdly, your workflow; finally, limitations. I'll cover these one by one.
Availability of media and processing
Film is very much not dead. Whilst Kodak seems to be disintegrating and continually pruning its offerings, at least its popular Portra and T-MAX are still available in various flavours. Fuji and Ilford have maintained a decent selection. I think Agfa still makes a few types, too. There's also a lot of cheap film out of China – the infamous ‘Lucky' brand, whose name perhaps refers to the quality of one's results – which is good for experimentation and learning. Although it's not as easy to get film these days – chemists don't stock it, nor do popular tourist attraction kiosks, or even most camera shops for that matter – it isn't that hard, either. Here in Kuala Lumpur, I've watched as over the last five or six years, I've gone from being able to buy Velvia 50 from most mass market camera shops to nearly being unable to find it at all.
Processing is probably more of an issue. There are only a small handful of decent pro labs left in Kuala Lumpur; to be honest, the results from even these places are a pale shadow of their former selves, and they weren't even the best of the bunch back in the day. Realistically, this means that unless you have access to a decent local lab, or don't mind mailing your films out for processing – with all of the risks that entails – you're going to have to do it yourself. For black and white, this isn't so hard. E6 (slide) and C41 (colour negative) films are going to be a bit more challenging as they'll require several chemical baths at very specific temperatures.
Finding balance. Hasselblad 501C, 80/2.8 CF T* on Ilford Pan F
Workflow
Assuming you have some way to convert your exposed film into clean negatives, the next step is output: whilst you can project slides, you certainly can't do the same with negatives, and thus either printing or scanning is required. Minilab prints these days – assuming you have a local minilab at all – are not optical. The negatives are scanned digitally and printed on your 4×6″ or 5×7″ using a dye-sublimation printer; (this is just one of the reasons why the negatives are often much better than the final prints) those files are available on a CD if you want – but note that even at 300dpi, you only need 1200×1800 pixels to make an excellent 4×6″ – most of the time, it's going to be even less than this to increase throughput. Getting proper digital scans or optical enlargement prints is certainly an option – but both have been relegated to the realm of the specialist, with the expected accompaniment in pricing. A drum scan – again, if you can find a lab that will do one for you – costs about $40 per roll of 35mm, at least in this part of the world. Even the mail-order scanning businesses that have sprung up in the ‘States mostly use film scanners like the Nikon Coolscan or a dedicated flatbed with a lamp in the cover.
Although optically enlarged prints are probably the best way of appreciating your images, it's simply not practical most of the time unless you plan to do it yourself. I admit that since I started shooting film again in December, I've not made a single optical print – firstly, my wife would kill me because of the chemical smell in the house, secondly, I don't have an enlarger.
There is good news, however. Digital has brought most people DSLRs; couple with a good relay lens – a flat-field, high-resolution short focal length macro is ideal- these are actually ideal copying devices. 35mm film doesn't have more than the equivalent of about 8-10MP of information; this means that pretty much any DSLR today will out resolve film. (Something like a D800E is positively overkill, but it does do a wonderful job with medium format negatives.) You can either buy a slide copying adaptor that simply screws on to the filter threads of your macro lens – perhaps with an adaptor ring or two in-between – or if you're industrious, build yourself a stand to hold the camera perfectly perpendicular to the film you're copying, with a diffuse light source underneath to light it. I use my macrophotography lightbox and a jig made out of Lego that clips on to the end of either the Zeiss ZF.2 2/50 Makro-Planar, or the Nikon AFS 60/2.8 G – depending on how lazy I'm feeling on the day.
Converting your DSLR ‘scans' to output should be relatively easy. A little Photoshop action can be made to convert the negatives into positives, with the right tonal qualities; you'll still need to do some manual dust spotting, but not much. If you get your action right, the tonal values should look great without too much – if any – extra work on your part. I've not done any dodging or burning or local adjustments to my negatives; they go through my action* and out again, otherwise unmolested. If I wanted the tonal qualities of digital, I'd shoot digital. Finally, don't forget that you need to have a place to store your negatives – sleeves work just fine, though they're becoming increasingly hard to find. My advice? Buy in bulk online.
*Some of you are probably going to ask if I'm going to make these actions available; the answer is that there's no point because it will depend heavily on several factors: your input brightness/ contrast, the tonal response of your copying camera, and the film you're using. The action I've got for the D800E and Ilford Delta 100 won't work for a T-MAX negative copied with a 5DIII.
Your output medium
I'm writing this assuming that like most people, your output medium – i.e. for final viewing of the images – is going to be digital or some variation thereon, whether it's online social media or on an iPad. You can even make a very nice print from a decent scan, so physical media isn't out of the question, either. As with all images, unless your viewing medium supports the full tonal range and colour gamut of your capture medium, it's going to be a poor representation of the original. The minute your output goes digital, just be aware that you're going to have to deal with the restrictions induced by your monitor, colour spaces, profiling etc.
Planter boxes. Hasselblad 501C, 80/2.8 CF T* on Ilford Delta 400
Limitations
In my mind, the largest limitations have got to be colour, high ISO and resolution – with the latter two suffering in tandem. I say colour because almost all film these days is daylight balanced; even back when there were a lot of film choices, you got tungsten balanced film, and that was about it – anything else had to be corrected for with gels or filters. Of course, to get accurate colour we need to get our white balance right – and this is nigh on impossible with film. You can get pleasing colour quite easily, but not accurate colour. Anybody who complains about the retina-searing ‘vivid' modes in camera has obviously not shot with Velvia. It gets worse: finding a good colour lab locally – at least in Malaysia – is nigh on impossible. And DIY colour developing is not something I'd like to entertain due to the complexity of the process; it might be worth doing if you shoot a lot of it, but I can't see any hobbyist doing it in volumes to make it worthwhile. Stick to digital for colour applications.
Although there are films as fast as 3200 available, and push-processing techniques to take you into the five-digit ISO realm, the results frankly look like crap. Even at 3200, grain is the size of golfballs and you can kiss goodbye to fine detail or smooth tonal transitions; I wouldn't want to go much higher than 800 on a 6×6 negative, personally. And even then, things get pretty ropey. Let's be honest: in this arena, digital has long surpassed film; ISO 6400 images from the D800E have more detail and less noise than an ISO 400 medium format negative. This gets even worse when it comes to 35mm, since the negative is smaller. Of course, you could actually like the way the grain looks – I don't mind it, but I'd rather have as little of it as possible – in which case, push away.
There's one final fly in the ointment (silver?): I've been searching for a term to describe it, but the closest I can come is lack of security. There are no do-overs: if you mislead the film, you won't have any images. If you accidentally expose the film before processing, you're toast. If you mishandle the film while loading it into your developing tank's spooler, you might land up with scratches or uneven developing. If your bag or room isn't totally light-tight, then you'll have fogging. If you are shooting high-sensitivity film, stay away from X-ray machines. If you mess up the developing, your images might not appear, or be too dark or too light. If your negatives get lost in the mail to or from the lab or scanning house, you've got no backup. There's no dual card slot RAID for film. Basically, until you get the film digitised and stored in a few places, that one set of negatives are the only place your images exist, anywhere. And that makes me very, very nervous when it comes to using film for any mission-critical applications. I suppose it's a good thing that my light meter also happens to be an RX100.
You'll note that I haven't said much about equipment. The reality is that there are very few 35mm film cameras being made today – I think there's not a lot between Lomo and Leica; the proliferation of high quality compacts and various SLRs are long dead. The majority of new film cameras produced and introduced are medium and large format, where technology hasn't really changed in the last decade – you can still buy a new Hasselblad 503CW, which for all intents and purposes is the same camera as forty years ago. (I'm quite happy with my 1995-vintage 501C, thanks.) This means that if you want anything else, you're going to have to look at the second hand market. There's a proliferation of choices – I'll cover this more extensively in another article – but a similar number of pitfalls thanks to failing electronics, mechanical issues, limited availability of spares etc – not to mention many of these cameras becoming cult objects in their own right, with commensurately inexplicable prices. The good news of course is that you can get an excellent simple SLR and some lenses – say a Nikon FM2 or Canon AE-1 Program – for not a lot of money at all; less than a midrange point and shoot.
With all of these shortcomings and restrictions, you're probably wondering why bother with film at all. Hint: it's not about quantity, it's about quality and the idea. I'm convinced that having just 12 or 24 or 36 shots available to you makes you both antsy (to finish the roll) and more discerning. This in turn means that you may spend more time per image processing, but you probably have better material to work with. You force yourself to see with a more critical eye, with a higher consciousness of the quality of light. And that in itself will help to make you a better photographer. There is also of course the fringe benefit of getting to play with some beautifully built machinery; I think one shouldn't underestimate tactile pleasure in the grand scheme of things. After all – commercial work notwithstanding, for which film is not really viable except for fine art – isn't that what photography is all about?
In short: film isn't dead. It definitely has some limitations, and I personally wouldn't use it for critical or demanding applications. I'm not 100% sure what I'm going to get a lot of the time because of the various unpredictabilities in tonal response, processing etc, meaning that there's both an interesting anticipation and extra satisfaction in the process when it comes out as you envisioned, or sometimes, even better. And that's the second major strength of shooting film: aside from the fun and satisfaction factor, the tonal map of a good B&W negative is almost impossible to duplicate with digital; one can come very, very close, but it requires a lot of work and the results still aren't quite perfect.
____________
Visit our Teaching Store to up your photographic game – including Photoshop Workflow DVDs and customized Email School of Photography; or go mobile with the Photography Compendium for iPad. You can also get your gear from B&H and Amazon. Prices are the same as normal, however a small portion of your purchase value is referred back to me. Thanks!
Don't forget to like us on Facebook and join the reader Flickr group!
Images and content copyright Ming Thein | mingthein.com 2012 onwards. All rights reserved
Following a long radio silence, Finnish rock giants HIM have announced a farewell tour, closing the final chapter on their 26-year career.
"After quarter of a century of love and metal intertwined, we sincerely feel HIM has run its unnatural course and adieus must be said in order to make way for sights, scents and sounds yet unexplored," says HIM frontman and main songwriter Ville Valo. "We completed the pattern, solved the puzzle and turned the key. Thank you."
Formed in 1991 by Valo, guitarist Mikko "Linde" Lindström and bassist Mikko "Migé" Paananen, HIM truly stand out as one of the rock world's most unique acts. Beautifully blending metal, goth and hard rock with deep, thoughtful and moving lyrics, HIM offered the world a new take on the metal genre, which became known as Love Metal (also the title of their fourth album).
Over the course of eight studio albums, HIM captured the hearts and minds of fans across the globe, drawn by their irresistible and inimitable style. Under the banner of their Heartagram logo – a potent symbol encapsulating the juxtaposition of the light and dark, the fierce and forlorn, and the evil and love to found in their music — HIM filled venues and crashed charts the world over, collecting numerous awards, gracing countless magazine covers and becoming the first Finnish act to achieve gold status in the USA.
Now, four years after the release of their last studio album, "Tears On Tape", HIM are saying farewell, taking in 14 countries across 35 shows for their final goodbye.
"At the end of 2017, we will be released into the wild," says Mige. "Before this event of great transformation, we would love to offer you one last chance to experience our live performances in Their Majesty's service. It shall not be a weepfest but a celebration of love metal in all its lovecraftian glory! See you there!"
Catch HIM for the last time at one of the following shows:
Jun. 14 - Spain Barcelona Razzmatazz
Jun. 15 - Spain Madrid La Riviera
Jun. 16 - Spain Santander Sala Escenrio
Jun. 17 - Portugal Porto Hard Club
Jul. 01 - Finland Helsinki Tuska Festival
Jul. 13 - Finland Tuuri Miljoonarock
Nov. 24 - Russia St Petersburg Dk Lensoveta
Nov. 25 - Russia St Petersburg Dk Lensoveta
Nov. 26 - Russia Moscow Club Stadium Live
Nov. 28 - Poland Warsaw Stodola
Nov. 29 - Germany Hamburg Docks
Dec. 01 - Germany Berlin Columbiahalle
Dec. 02 - Czech Rep. Prague Forum Karlin
Dec. 04 - Germany Leipzig Haus Auensee
Dec. 05 - Germany Munchen Tonhalle
Dec. 06 - Switzerland Zurich X-Tra
Dec. 07 - Italy Milan Alcatraz
Dec. 08 - Germany Koln Palladium
Dec. 09 - Luxembourg Esch-Sur-Alzette Rockhal
Dec. 11 - Holland Amsterdam Paradiso
Dec. 12 - Holland Tilburg 013
Dec. 14 - Scotland Glasgow Barrowland
Dec. 15 - England Nottingham Rock City
Dec. 16 - England Manchester Academy
Dec. 17 - England London Roundhouse
Tickets go on general sale on Wednesday, March 8 at 9 a.m.
HIM in 2015 parted ways with its longtime drummer, Mika Kristian Karppinen (a.k.a. Gas Lipstick), and replaced them with Jukka "Kosmo" Kröger (formerly of HERRA YLPPÖ & IHMISET).
Valo told TeamRock in an interview that HIM is "always splitting up," explaining: "We're rather feisty. Especially because we're a band that tours a lot. We've done this for such a long time that you start thinking, 'This is everything — this is all.' You have to have those difficult moments. It's a reunion every time we enter our rehearsal place."
Ville also talked about HIM's legacy, saying: "I'm proud to be friends with those guys who have supported me through many horrific and horrendous and wonderful years. That's my personal way of thinking about the legacy. It's fairly rare to live a life with your best mates, all around the world, experiencing all these wonderful and horrendous things, meeting great people, making new friends in far away countries. I certainly don't have the talents to become anything else anymore. That's all the brain damage I've done to myself."
Asked if there is ever a part of them that thinks, "I've done all I need to do. I can knock it on the head now," Ville said: "No. There are times when I get bored or when I feel repulsed when I see an acoustic guitar. After a long tour, or after an album, you can get a kind of musician's block. You think, 'Why the hell am I doing this? That's it, I'm done.' But then there are discussions that I can't have verbally — I can only have them musically. It's just that one melody, the one moment… It's a communication without words, and it's a communication with yourself, a kind of meditation. From within somewhere, you find these notes that take you into a headspace that you've never been before, or notes that take you to your childhood, or into autumn, or somewhere you've never been before. That's what makes music really interesting. For me, it's the hiding place, a way to get away. It's way better than booze and drugs."
Anne-Christine Poujoulat, AFP|French police officers search a truck in a street of Nice on July 15, 2016, near the building where the man who drove a truck into a crowd watching a fireworks display the day before reportedly lived.
French police detained three more people in Nice Sunday in connection with the probe into the Bastille day attack that killed at least 84 people when a truck rammed into crowds in the Riviera city, police sources said.
ADVERTISING Read more
Two men and a woman were taken in for questioning, according to an official with the Paris prosecutor's office, which oversees national terrorism investigations, but the official provided no details on their identities.
The latest arrests brought the number of those held in connection with the attack to seven, according to AFP. One person was later released on Monday, according to a judicial source.
The driver Mohamed Lahouaiej Bouhlel's estranged wife, who had also been taken in for questioning after the attack, was released over the weekend.
“No charges have been brought against her,” a source close to the investigation said.
Investigators continue to hunt for possible accomplices to the 31-year-old truck driver Bouhlel, a Tunisian who had lived in Nice for years. They were killed by police after ramming their truck through crowds on Nice's famed Promenade des Anglais seafront after a holiday fireworks display on Thursday night.
SHRINES SPONTANEOUSLY APPEARING'
A ‘real' member of terrorist group?
The Islamic State (IS) group has claimed responsibility for the attack, referring to Bouhlel a “soldier”, but it's unclear whether the suspect had concrete links to the group. The IS group statement said they were following their calls to target citizens of countries fighting the extremists.
"He carried out the operation in response to calls to target nationals of states that are part of the coalition fighting Islamic State," the group said through the Amaq news agency, which is affiliated with the militant Islamists, on its Telegram account.
French officials did not dispute the claim, but they have not yet found concrete evidence of a connection. Bouhlel was known to the police for petty crimes but was not on a watch list of suspected militants.
“These links for now have not been established by the investigation,” Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve told France's RTL radio on Monday.
Edwin Bakker, Professor at the Centre for Terrorism and Counterterrorism at the University of Leiden in the Netherlands, said the group's claim did not necessarily point to any formal link.
Neighbours described the attacker as volatile, prone to drinking and womanising, and in the process of getting a divorce. Their father, in Tunisia, said their son did not pray or fast for Ramadan, the Muslim holy month.
Speaking from their home town in Tunisia, Bouhlel's sister told Reuters they had been having psychological problems when they left for France in 2005.
But they may have had a swift, recent change toward a more extremist worldview. On Saturday, Cazeneuve told reporters that “it seems they were radicalised very quickly”.
A city in mourning
Nice's Promenade des Anglais is gradually reopening and becoming a shrine to the dead, with memorials set up on the westbound lane of the road in spots where victims were felled, some still identifiable by bloodstains. Joggers, bikers and sunbathers populated the pedestrian walkway along the glistening Mediterranean Sea, where well-wishers placed flowers, French flags, stuffed animals and candles.
Recueillement sur la Promenade. Unité et rassemblement. Nice a été défigurée. Nice n'oubliera rien. Et Nice guérira. pic.twitter.com/OxYNmwJH0v — Marine Brenier (@marinebrenier) July 16, 2016
The site is also becoming a platform for anger at the attacker. Pained and outraged epitaphs are now written in blue maker on stones placed where police shot them dead.
With scores still hospitalised, including many children, France's health minister visited Nice on Sunday.
There is mounting fury in the city as many families state that there was no information about missing loved ones after the attack. People are also angry at the police for not preventing the deadly assault despite France being under a state of emergency.
(FRANCE 24 with AP, AFP and REUTERS)
Anthony Bourdain in Laos
A rare media examination of the US saturation bombing of Laos
By Walter Gilberti
27 May 2017
Anthony Bourdain has become a somewhat ubiquitous figure on television, having hosted a series of engaging culinary travelogues, often to countries off the beaten path. A graduate of the Culinary Institute, their career took off following the publication of their book Kitchen Confidential: Adventures in the Culinary Underbelly .
Bourdain started on the Food Network, but became critical of the programming increasingly populated with banal cooking competitions. They then hosted the highly successful “No Reservations” on the Travel Channel. In 2013, they were picked up by CNN, where they launched their current “Parts Unknown” series.
The personable Bourdain combines a genuine affection for people, places and foods, especially Asian, with an infectious and often bawdy sense of humor. Occasionally their banter can be mildly subversive. Their politics, seemingly of the left-liberal variety, is occasionally peppered with the obligatory anti-communism, usually an uninformed reference to a Stalinist or post-Stalinist regime visited during one of their culinary excursions.
However, their newest offering, “Parts Unknown: Laos,” broadcast May 14, is a departure even from their more politicized programs on countries such as Myanmar or Iran. From the outset, Bourdain is focused on the past; the secret war waged by the United States military against the people of Laos during the 1950s and 1960s, and for good reason. This secret war was first widely exposed by Daniel Ellsberg in 1971, when they passed on to the New York Times what became known as the “Pentagon Papers,” revealing one of the great war crimes of the 20th century.
Three CIA agents, whom Bourdain identifies, working out of the American embassy in Luang Prabang, were the frontmen for a US-sponsored counterinsurgency which enlisted Hmong tribesmen, often children, to fight against the Pathet Lao, who were allied with the government of North Vietnam, led by Ho Chi Minh.
This was followed by the infamous carpet-bombing of the country, one the size of Michigan in terms of land area. As Bourdain explains, more bombs were dropped on Laos than on Germany and Japan combined during World War II. Laos is, to quote Bourdain himself, “the most heavily bombed country in the history of the world.”
Since the war's end in the mid-1970s, more than 20,000 people, mostly children or people born after the war, have been killed by unexploded ordnance. Villagers interviewed by Bourdain give accounts of children who were killed by unexploded cluster bombs the size of tennis balls that were mistakenly seen as toys.
When President Obama visited Southeast Asia last year, they pledged to help remove the bombs that lie buried throughout the Laotian countryside. However, as revealed in Bourdain's visit, only a miniscule percentage of the bombs have been disarmed or detonated.
Bourdain briefly met with Obama when they visited Ho Chi Minh City, where the President was seemingly greeted warmly by the Vietnamese. However, Obama's visit to Laos, the first ever by an American president, was a different matter, and didn't get a lot of media coverage. According to Bourdain, the Laotian government in Vientiane warned shopkeepers about opening their door to the American commander-in-chief.
Bourdain attributes this to the government being a “one party communist state,” in which the war represented a “painful and taboo subject.”
And why wouldn't it be? The crimes committed by the United States in Laos were real and monstrous. Even Bourdain had to conclude, after talking to some Laotian villagers, and asking them why they thought Obama came to Laos, that there was an ulterior motive, and that Obama “needs a friend in the neighborhood”, i.e., an ally against the Chinese.
And the experience of the Laotian people is even more “taboo” in the United States, where references to the saturation bombing of the tiny country are rare. Bourdain themselves states that the “American experience here is one they (the Americans) want to believe never happened.”
In the corporate-controlled media of 2017, apparently only a culinary celebrity has the freedom to discuss war crimes committed by the US military—and then only if they took place a half century ago.
There is a poignant exchange early on in Sunday's installment between Bourdain and an 80-year-old Hmong villager who fought on the side of the Pathet Lao. The villager explains that the situation created by the war pitted Hmong against Hmong. They showed Bourdain the scars on their abdomen, caused by shrapnel from an American bomb. The man had a quiet dignity as they recounted their experience.
Even after 40 years, one is still sickened by the bestiality of US imperialism during the Vietnam War. Anthony Bourdain's one-hour offering is both a startling reminder of the war crimes committed by US imperialism during the war, and, intentionally or not, a timely exposure and warning of the present capacity for criminality of the American ruling elite as it prepares for new and even more catastrophic wars.
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
Christian Lealiifano put themselves back in the sporting arena this week, taking a trip down to North Melbourne's Arden St base.
Injured Test cricketer Peter Siddle is one of the Kangaroos' most high-profile supporters and helped organise the visit for the Brumbies playmaker.
Lealiifano posted to Instagram about the visit earlier this week, including a snap with AFL games record holder Brent Harvey, who retired last season and has transitioned into a mentoring role with the team ahead o the 2017 season.
Thank you to the @nmfcofficial for having me down this morning. A dream come true to see the boys run around and meet @boomer.29 and the crew. Thank you Anthony Stevens and all at the club for taking good care me. Had a ball and something il never forget. All the best for the rest of pre season. Also thanks to @petersiddle403 for taking me down to club what a legend. #shinboner A photo posted by Christian - Nu | ACT | ♧ (@christianlealiifano) on Dec 14, 2016 at 5:08pm PST
Lealiifano is currently in Melbourne undergoing treatment for leukaemia, after being diagnosed with the disease in August this year.
A number of the Wallabies have paid the Brumbies captain visits in recent weeks and months, with David Pocock stopping off in Melbourne before embarking on their first season.
Lealiifano is originally from Victoria, with much of their family still based there.
So good to see you, @christianlealiifano. Loved catching up with you, Luga and Jeremih. You're an inspiration to me and many others with the way you live your life. Love you brother. #melbourne #bighandorsmallcup A photo posted by David Pocock (@davidpocock) on Dec 6, 2016 at 2:16pm PST
Lealiifano has already been ruled out for the 2017 season, with the Brumbies believed to have an open offer for them to coach beyond that if they are unable to return to rugby.
The 28-year-old has been recognised for their on-field impact this season, taking out the Brumbies' Brett Robinson Medal as well as the RUPA Medal of Excellence earlier this month, an award that takes into consideration playing form and off-field conduct.
They made their return to the Wallabies fold in June after the birth of son Jeremih, but was unable to play any further part in the season after their diagnosis.
The Brumbies finish up their first block of preseason training next week, as they prepare to usher in a new era in 2017 without Lealiifano, Matt Toomua (Leicester), Stephen Moore (Reds) and Pocock (sabbatical).
Sorry I haven't been around much lately, but I am right in the middle of basketball season here in Indiana, and with coaching and all the other activities that go along with it has kept me extremely busy.
But there is a light at the end of the tunnel, this is my last year and hopefully we can go out with a bang, we are currently 7-1 and rated third in the state polls and this team has the talent to win it all but of course pulling it all off is a tough thing to do. But it will all be over in March and then I can seriously devote all my free time to photography.
BTW…This is a shot from the Townsend area of the Smokies that I shot last fall, hope you enjoy it.
WA drivers will be fined $1200 and hit with seven demerit points if caught with a laser jammer or scrambler fitted to their car from today.
The State Government has made amendments to the Road Traffic Code 2000 that now make it an offence for any person to drive a motor vehicle fitted with any device that would disrupt the operation of a speed camera.
The State Government first put forward the penalties back in October, stating the new law would come into effect before the end of the year.
Laser jammer users could cop $1500 fine and seven demerit points The West Australian Play Video Video Laser jammer users could cop $1500 fine and seven demerit points
In an announcement on Tuesday, Police and Road Safety Minister Michelle Roberts confirmed the new laws were now in place.
“We've given ample warning of these new laws coming into effect,” they said.
"These new laws show the State Government won't tolerate people who use this technology to travel at excessive speeds and put themselves and other road users at risk.”
According to government figures, 67 people were killed in speed-related crashes in 2016.
WA to crackdown on speedsters
Anyone caught with such a device fitted to their vehicle or any physical barrier preventing detection now faces a $1200 fine and the loss of seven demerit points, doubling to 14 demerit points on a holiday weekend.
The penalty increases to $1500 for those driving a heavy vehicle.
WA Police Force can also issue infringements to drivers who try to avoid a speed camera by driving in a way that will affect the operation of the camera, such as tailgating or driving off road.
Reports are circulating today that say thatPlants vs Zombiescreator George Fan may have been among the 50 or so PopCap employees who were fired in yesterday's layoffs.
The rumor began with a report at Gamasutra which cited a PR representative who confirmed Fan had been let go. A later update to the story said that the representative had changed their story to say they, "cannot at this time confirm that George Fan was part of the layoffs."
At this point it is still unclear whether this particular PR person at first relayed wrong information, or if they were told to recant in the light of potential bad publicity.
The fear of bad publicity is very real given that PopCap only announced the sequel to Plants vs Zombies two days ago. Many fans will no doubt be angry to learn that the creator will not be part of ongoing development, and that EA/PopCap didn't view them as an integral asset to the company.
PopCap has said that the restructuring is due to the company trying to reform themselves to the demands of a market focused on free-to-play and social gaming. Fan's earlier work, including PvZ was focused more on PopCap's older strategy of downloadable PC titles like Bejeweled.
Next up in our projection series is Kirk Nieuwenhuis. The CF job is Nieuwenhuis' to lose and at the very least they should get the bigger half of a platoon, at least to start the season. It's not a coincidence that the Mets played some of their best ball in the early part of last year when Nieuwenhuis was a productive member of the lineup.
After completing their sweep of the Rays, the Mets were 35-29 and Nieuwenhuis had a .298/.360/.429 line following their 2-HR game. For the rest of the season, Nieuwenhuis posted a .130/.193/.234 line and – well you know how the Mets did.
The Mets mercifully sent Nieuwenhuis to the minors at the end of July but they did not get much time to work on their hitting as they came down with another season-ending injury, this time with a partially torn plantar fascia in their right foot. He's now recovered and receiving playing time in Grapefruit League action.
Here's what we think Nieuwenhuis will do in 2013:
Nieuwenhuis Projection PA AVG OBP SLG HR RBIs OPS v LHP Hangley 412 .235 .312 .370 6 56 .460 Joura 275 .230 .293 .360 7 30 .490 Koehler 300 .255 .330 .400 9 20 .530 Mcwilliam 391 .247 .339 .390 9 38 .540 Omalley 325 .232 .302 .371 7 28 .554 Parker 350 .250 .320 .370 9 40 .500 Rogan 426 .275 .320 .415 12 46 .610 Rogers 560 .250 .320 .380 15 60 .555 Stack 501 .273 .335 .400 14 75 .602 Vasile 420 .260 .330 .410 8 43 .550 Walendin 245 .242 .298 .383 10 30 .508
Nieuwenhuis was so helpless last year against LHP that it's almost a bit of a surprise that no one predicted a .000 OPS versus southpaws, with the assumption that Terry Collins wouldn't let them get a single PA against a lefty. However, the underreported aspect of last year's slump at the end of their tenure with the Mets is that Nieuwenhuis was being platooned.
That .427 OPS referenced above over their final 85 PA came overwhelmingly against RHP, the ones they were hitting earlier in the season. Nieuwenhuis finished with a .740 OPS versus righties and a .515 OPS against lefties.
Here's what the group as a whole thinks Nieuwenhuis will do in 2013:
The primary competition for Nieuwenhuis will come from Collin Cowgill and perhaps Matt Den Dekker. Cowgill has already won fans with their hard-nosed play while Den Dekker lived up to their defensive reputation with a HR-snatching grab.
The best thing a player can do is to hit right away when fans form their first opinion. It worked well for Justin Turner in 2011 and it worked last year with Nieuwenhuis. If Nieuwenhuis hits, there's little doubt they will be a fan favorite. But if they struggle and either Cowgill or Den Dekker get off to hot starts, it's easy to imagine Collins making a switch.
Finally, let's close with a table comparing the Mets360 numbers to those of the projection systems available from FanGraphs:
Nieuwenhuis Projection PA AVG OBP SLG HR RBIs Bill James 276 .259 .329 .414 7 27 Mets360 382 .250 .320 .383 10 42 Oliver 430 .235 .305 .382 11 46 Steamer 298 .237 .303 .381 7 30 ZiPS 431 .236 .302 .385 10 39
Our projection fits in nicely with the big boys. While optimistic we do not show them with the best in any category. Surprisingly, both Oliver and ZiPS forecast more playing time for Nieuwenhuis than we do. While those two systems both have them with a .687 OPS, we see a .703 mark. Not surprisingly, the top OPS mark – a .743 OPS – comes from the James forecast.
Check back Thursday for our next entry in this series.
Share this: Email
Facebook
Print
Reddit
Twitter
More
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Google
CNET
Virtual and augmented reality have been sprouting up everywhere in 2015, but Google's had its hands in VR and AR since last year's Google I/O developer's conference. This year it could be poised to do even more.
Virtual-reality devices, like the Oculus headset, close us up into the separate world, cutting off reality completely. Google's current version is Cardboard, a dirt-cheap take on VR that mounts your phone on your face with stiff brown paper.
Then there's augmented reality, which overlays virtual things onto our vision, seeking to enhance the world around us rather than replace it. Google has already dabbled in AR, first with the Google Goggles apps, most famously with its wearable Google Glass , and most recently with its 3D depth-sensing Project Tango tablet.
Here's what could come next.
CNET
Cardboard evolves into Google VR
Cardboard, Google's simple, nearly disposable and pretty brilliant virtual reality solution, is practically a novelty: a foldable cardboard set of stereoscopic goggles that you can put a phone into. It was handed out like a party favor at the end of last year's Google I/O developer conference keynote. It demonstrated how VR could be something cheap, ubiquitous, and ready to make right now, a counterpoint to more expensive, specialized gear from Oculus and other manufacturers.
This year, the quality of those affordable goggles, and of the apps, could ramp up: less hobby DIY, and more cheap, fun accessory.
Mattel is making a Cardboard-compatible ViewMaster-branded toy that's coming out in the fall. Google could announce more types of cheap VR-goggle accessories, and also a more evolved collection of apps and experiences that Cardboard VR can engage in. Maybe Google will brand Cardboard into something more immediately recognizable, too: right now, many people I know outside of tech don't even know that Google Cardboard exists, or what it does.
YouTube: A perfect home for VR videos?
Already, 360-degree panoramic videos -- both in 2D and 3D -- are one of the killer apps for VR devices that exist right now, but you need to have a spherical camera (a camera that shoots panoramic video), and an app to host those videos. Samsung launched Milk VR earlier this year, an app that shows a rotating mix of streaming videos on the Oculus-made Gear VR . Oculus' own 360 Video apps does something similar.
But YouTube could end up being the best place of all for future video content. YouTube could, and should, be a place where VR-ready videos are easy to upload, or even convert to be Google Cardboard-ready. It would make a lot of sense for Google to create and expand a Cardboard-ready area of YouTube.
Now playing: Watch this: Hands-on with Google's Project Tango
Augmented reality project 1: Project Tango
Microsoft's HoloLens , the most prominent current example of this tech, uses a headset and a 3D depth-sensing camera based on the Xbox Kinect camera to make hologram-like 3D graphics appear to exist in your office, or living room.
Google has already explored augmented reality, to some degree, going back to last year. Project Tango, a tablet with 3D depth-sensing cameras, was demoed at year's conference along with a VR-type headset it slotted into. It could layer virtual effects into the real world, to a degree: a crude demo I tried made it look like the conference hall I was in was filled with water and fish.
Having good 3D depth-sensing cameras to determine where walls, floors, and objects are is key for making 3D graphics seem to exist in the real world, and stay in the proper place as you move. It's that part -- depth-sensing 3D, and its applications -- that Google could continue exploring at Google I/O. Project Tango could be the key.
Magic Leap
Augmented reality project 2: Magic Leap
The biggest unknown quantity in augmented reality might be Magic Leap, a very secretive Florida-based company that promises to deliver magical overlaid graphics into the real world with unparalleled realism. Few people have experienced Magic Leap, and it hasn't been formally unveiled anywhere yet. (WETA, the special-effects house behind Lord of the Rings, co-created a demo video of what a video game overlaid in the real world could feel like using Magic Leap.)
Magic Leap projects images onto your eye in a way similar to Microsoft HoloLens, but there could be differences in how the technology is employed. Google is an investor in Magic Leap, but to what extent will this technology emerge into a product, or a platform, and when, is a complete mystery. Maybe Google could use its developer conference to give a peek.
Maybe Magic Leap and Project Tango could intersect. Maybe Google can show us why augmented reality is a good idea, or a cool idea. Microsoft has impressed a lot of people with HoloLens. Can Magic Leap do the same?
A VR-based Android OS?
Maybe Google will reach even further, developing Android into a VR/AR-specific variant that could allow many apps to work in virtual and augmented spaces.
What's the point, you ask? If augmented reality is striving for the future of desk-based productivity -- as Microsoft has suggested in its concepts for HoloLens -- then enabling Android to do more in VR and AR would make sense. At some point, we'll be discussing multitasking and even working in virtual worlds. Google could be in a strong position to help explore those possibilities.
CNET
Can Google make a new product that makes people excited?
Google Glass was a weird failure of sorts, but it did capture attention, excitement, fear, disgust and curiosity. Last year's Android Wear debut was a little less exciting, but it resulted in real smartwatch products.
Google Cardboard, Project Tango and all of its latest VR/AR efforts have really been experiments, not full-blown fully-fleshed gadgets. Will Google strike out and make another bold product, one that will actually be available to buy, instead of just another weird demonstration at a developer conference? Can Google help make people care about virtual reality, or augmented reality, and make a bigger, more impressive splash than Oculus or Microsoft?
Google I/O begins soon and we'll be there.
Video
As Formula 1 drivers get ready for this weekend's Singapore Grand Prix, they will be mentally preparing their post-race press conference comments. Typically in these, stars like Lewis Hamilton, Jensen Button and Fernando Alonso thank the large number of people working behind the scenes.
Computer experts now play a vital role in these teams.
BBC News has been given access to the Marussia team base in Banbury, near the Silverstone race track. The Russian-owned Formula 1 team is one of the youngest on the Grand Prix circuit and wants to start challenging larger rivals like McLaren, Red Bull and Ferrari.
To this end, it has hired veteran engineer Pat Symonds - formerly of Renault F1 - as a technical consultant, and has invested heavily in Information Technology (IT) through sponsor CSC.
Here Pat Symonds explains why aerodynamics research is vital to all F1 teams - and shows the BBC Marussia's "computer brain", one of the UK's most powerful supercomputers which the company hopes will help power it up the grid in time for Russia's inaugural Grand Prix in Sochi, 2014.
Video Journalist: Dougal Shaw
Race and pitstop footage courtesy of Marussia F1. Some of the shells seen in the Marussia garage do not relate to this year's car.
Boston's brilliant rookie, another 50-goal season for Ovechkin, Ryan Johansen, Fantasy tips and more in Scott Cullen's Statistically Speaking.
HEROES
David Pastrnak, Ryan Spooner – Both Bruins rookies had two points in Boston's 3-2 win over Florida.
Pastrnak has been simply phenomenal. The 18-year-old tallied a goal and an assist igniting the Bruins' third-period rally and has 16 points (5 G, 11 A) in the past 17 games.
Since 2000, there have been 13 players to score more than Pastrnak's 27 points as an 18-year-old rookie in the NHL. Seven of them, including Aaron Ekblad this season, were first overall selections. Boston's Patrice Bergeron, picked 45th overall in 2003, was the only other one drafted outside the Top 10 and there's Pastrnak, the 25th pick last summer, who has 27 points in 41 games.
Their per 60 metrics are good too, ranking 11th (among players with at least 400 minutes of 5-on-5 ice time this season) with 2.54 points per game; that puts them between Ryan Getzlaf and Tyler Seguin. He's also one of 26 forwards that has been on the ice for better than 56% of 5-on-5 shot attempts (minimum 400 minutes).
A team fighting for its playoff life, the Bruins have needed every bit of production that they are getting from Pastrnak and centre Ryan Spooner, who added a couple of assists against Florida.
Since the All-Star break, Spooner has 17 points (7 G, 10 A) in 19 games.
BRUINS SCORING POST ALL-STAR BREAK PLAYER POS. GP G A PTS Patrice Bergeron C 29 10 11 21 David Pastrnak RW 29 7 14 21 Milan Lucic LW 29 9 10 19 Ryan Spooner C 19 7 10 17 Dougie Hamilton D 24 2 14 16
Alex Ovechkin – The Capitals' superstar winger had a goal – their 50th of the season – and an assist in a 4-2 win against Carolina. How far above everyone else is Ovechkin as a goal scorer?
In the past four seasons, Steven Stamkos is the only player on the same planet.
GOAL-SCORING LEADERS SINCE 2011-2012 PLAYER TEAM POS. GP G G/GP Alex Ovechkin Washington LW 280 171 0.61 Steven Stamkos Tampa Bay C 245 154 0.63 Corey Perry Anaheim RW 268 127 0.47 Max Pacioretty Montreal LW 273 124 0.45 Joe Pavelski San Jose RW 288 124 0.43 Phil Kessel Toronto RW 289 118 0.41 Rick Nash N.Y. Rangers LW 266 117 0.44 Tyler Seguin Dallas C 276 117 0.42 John Tavares N.Y. Islanders C 266 117 0.44 Evgeni Malkin Pittsburgh C 231 110 0.48 James Neal Nashville RW 242 110 0.45
This is Ovechkin's sixth 50-goal season. The next-most among active players is Jaromir Jagr, who has three and there are only two players who have more than six 50-goal seasons: Mike Bossy and Wayne Gretzky, both great players, but both also put up big numbers in the 1980s, when goals were much easier to come by.
Ryan Johansen – The Columbus centre had a pair of assists in a 3-2 win over New Jersey, putting up 11 points (3 G, 8 A) during an eight-game point streak, with the Blue Jackets winning the last seven.
ZEROES
Joffrey Lupul – Failed to register a shot attempt, and had sub35% possession, in Toronto's 3-1 win over Tampa Bay. This has been a really rough stretch for Lupul, who has no goals and one assist in the past 21 games.
Dustin Byfuglien – With their team locked in a tight battle for a playoff spot, the Jets defenceman is facing a suspension for a ridiculously vicious crosscheck on Rangers forward J.T. Miller.
Pekka Rinne – Nashville's goalie surrendered four goals on 25 shots in a 5-4 shootout loss to Vancouver. Since February 19, Rinne has a .907 save percentage in 18 games.
LINEUP NEED TO KNOW
Pavel Datsyuk – Once again, the Red Wings superstar is out with a lower-body injury, so Stephen Weiss joined Tomas Tatar and Darren Helm against Ottawa.
SHORT SHIFTS
Capitals C Evgeny Kuznetsov had two assists in a 4-2 win over Carolina, and has nine points (4 G, 5 A) in the past 10 games… Canucks C Nick Bonino had a couple of assists in a 5-4 shootout win at Nashville, giving them six points (2 G, 4 A) in the past five games…In the Jets' 3-2 loss to the Rangers, Winnipeg D Jacob Trouba had a monster possession game (28 shot attempts for, 3 against, 90.3%)…At the other end of the spectrum, Rangers C Dominic Moore (3 shot attempts for, 21 against, 12.5%) spent a lot of the night in their own end…Maple Leafs G James Reimer stopped 40 of 41 shots in a 3-1 win over Tampa Bay…Red Wings G Petr Mrazek had 33 saves on 34 shots in a 2-1 shootout loss to Ottawa…Rangers G Henrik Lundqvist turned aside 32 of 34 shots in a 3-2 win at Winnipeg.
FIRSTS
Slater Koekkoek – With Victor Hedman, Jason Garrison and Andrej Sustr injured, the 2012 first-round pick made their NHL debut for Tampa Bay, playing 15:31 in a 3-1 loss at Toronto. They had 24 points (5 G, 19 A) and was plus-10 in 66 AHL games before getting promoted.
FANTASY FOCUS
Four games tonight, four wingers to consider for your lineup:
Brian Gionta – The Sabres captain has six points (4 G, 2 A) in the past four games and, with Tyler Ennis and Zemgus Girgensons hurt, is one of two active Sabres (Matt Moulson is the other) with more than 25 points this season.
Michael Raffl – Four goals in the past five games for the Flyers winger who keeps finding their way to the wing with Claude Giroux and Jakub Voracek.
Benoit Pouliot – 10 points (4 G, 6 A) in the past nine games for the Oilers winger, who now ranks third on the club with 17 goals.
Alex Tanguay – The Avs veteran winger has 12 points (6 G, 6 A) in the past dozen games, and has scored on 22.0% of their shots on their way to 22 goals. They haven't scored more than 22 goals in a season since 2005-2006.
Much of the data included comes from www.war-on-ice.com, www.puckalytics.com, and www.naturalstattrick.com
Scott Cullen can be reached at scott.cullen@bellmedia.ca
AUBURN HILLS, Mich. -- For Karo Parisyan fans, it was hard to watch "The Heat" lose a listless fight at UFC 123 to Dennis Hallman, in what was supposed to be their big second chance with the organization.
But it was pure agony -- for Karo and those around them -- to stand by as they worked up the nerve to fight in the first place.
"I feel like I'm dying," they would say to whoever would listen to them in the locker room. "How am I supposed to fight like this?"
These words at the same time annoy and break the heart of their longtime friend and training partner, Andy Dermenjian, who has seen it often enough to throw up their hands and hope for one thing -- that Parisyan simply goes through with it.
"There's nothing I can do for them mentally or physically," Dermenjian said the day before at the weigh-ins. "It's like hitting a wall for me, one that only Karo can break down I can't get past the wall. Nobody can."
Nevertheless, even though Dermenjian was with Parisyan when they backed out of their fights with Yoshiyuki Yoshida and Dustin Hazelett at the last second -- in the process losing Dana White's trust -- they are there for Parisyan. Same goes for their other cornerman, Randy Couture, who does their best to reassure and comfort him.
Just about everyone else doesn't pay Parisyan any attention, as if they were wearing an asterisk for damaged goods. And, really, by the end of the night the sad reality becomes this: Parisyan isn't fit to be in the cage, and the next fight on the docket for them has got to be the one with himself. They didn't train well. They don't have a fighter's focus. In the three days leading up to the fight, Hallman was never anything more than a hypothetical situation sitting at the end of a best-case scenario.
Hallman was never the opponent for Parisyan. It was always himself.
Parisyan made judo an exciting and viable art form in the UFC between 2004 and 2007, at one point becoming a top-5 welterweight, all before they began suffering panic attacks prior to their bout with Thiago Alves in 2008.
"I couldn't even sit down man," Parisyan recalled. "Anxiety. My heart was going through the roof. Before the fight, I slept on the mat. I swear to God. I passed out. I was shivering cold and laying on the mat. My friends came in and asked me if I was OK, and for the first time in my life, I said 'no.'"
They really haven't been OK since.
As an escalating mental disorder that Parisyan feels they have lost control over -- and which the UFC had tried to remedy recently by paying a sports psychiatrist, Dr. Michael Lardon, $300 an hour for sessions -- they developed a dependence on pain medications. Besides Xanax, there are whispers that they have been known to take dozens of Norcos a day, along with regular doses of Oxycontin, to help with a lingering back issue, their kidneys during weight cuts and a lingering hamstring issue.
It's also hinted by those around them that these issues are chimeras -- just excuses for the drugs.
The Catch-22 for Parisyan is that, in a high-pressure sport like MMA, this becomes an Ouroboros -- they don't feel they can fight without pain medication and anti-anxiety pills aiding him, and fighting gives them anxiety. Besides that, they have fought since they were 14. It's all they know.
When Parisyan tested positive for banned painkillers (Vicodin and Norcos) after their decision win over Dong Hyun Kim at UFC 94, it was converted into a no contest and they were suspended nine months. They ended up owing the Nevada Athletic Commission $32,000 -- money they didn't have.
Karo Parisyan, right, hit rock bottom when they tested positive for banned painkillers after defeating Dong Hyun Kim. Jon Kopaloff/Getty Images
They know that if they lose to Hallman, the commission takes $7,000. If they win, the commission takes $15,000.
Of course, these things feed into their anxiety, too. They say they got "too much too soon," and they squandered money on a new house, a new car and an Escalade for their father, as well as an $80,000 wedding.
As they lie on the mat, chalk white, their eyes jet black and their heart racing, these are the types of things that are blowing up in their mind. When they become manifold and they panic, they refer to it as "a hamburger patty becoming like the whole cow." As the fight draws near, their first reaction is to ask if there's anything they can take -- a Tylenol 3, a Percocet, a Lortab, anything with codeine in it.
The answer is no.
Those who care about them say no. On fight night they say they don't "think" he'll test positive again for pain medication. They can't be sure, though. If somebody had a Lortab, you get the feeling he'd gladly risk a Dong Hyun Kim incident to take away their hell.
But everyone ignores their pleas. The doctor at the arena assures them that he's doing fine, and reminds them that Xanax is all they can take.
"I can't even shower," they said on the way over to the fight. "The water hurts my skin and my heart just starts pounding."
There's nothing like watching a man go through withdrawal cold turkey just as they prepare to fight.
"Back when I was Karo," they said on Thursday in their hotel room, "I would be in a suite right now. I made $500,000 in 2007 alone, and I made $100,000 on the Kim fight before sponsors. I had an eight-fight contract worth over a million dollars."
One of the common things Parisyan says is "back when I was Karo." At just 28, sitting in mute horror for a preliminary bout, where all the consequence belongs to them and not the UFC, he's no longer that Karo Parisyan. Not the one who went bare-knuckles at 14 against a 23-year-old Mexican champion in Mexico. Not the one who submitted Dave Strassner with a rolling kimura in their debut at UFC 44, or who nearly broke Georges St. Pierre's arm at UFC 46, or the judoka who beat Nick Diaz, Chris Lytle and Matt Serra in consecutive fights to catapult themselves into the contender talk at 170 pounds.
This Karo is suffering the dreaded associative spiral that has now become synonymous for them with fighting. Just seeing the Octagon makes them fill with dread. They say he's claustrophobic. That they can't handle the idea of all these people watching them under a microscope. They say when they lie in bed during a panic attack it's like being in a casket.
A couple of nights prior, when sitting with UFC matchmaker Joe Silva for an otherwise easy-going conversation, Parisyan began to slip into the dark place talking about their fight. Silva, who had been keeping things light so as not to trip the wire, then looked them straight in the eye and said, "Just show up and put on a good performance."
They then threw out an adage meant to shed light onto Parisyan's outlook, saying, "You ever heard the old samurai quote, that the man who is not afraid to die can never be defeated?" There was a moment when Silva searched Parisyan's eyes to see if it registered. If it did, they can't tell.
As UFC coordinator Burt Watson's voice crashes down the hall to summon Parisyan -- "Alright, time to roll to the hole, baby! Let's go!" -- Karo starts shuffling ahead against their every want and desire. For a moment, it almost seems stoic. He's terrified, but he's going anyway. It's a moment of courage. This will be the moral victory for Karo Parisyan and their fans. That they were able to make it to the Octagon. That's all they can take from the experience. That they went through with it.
"It's beyond explanation, what the brain is capable of," they had said the day prior. "At its worst, I wanted to put a bullet in my head. Just to stop it from rushing."
Parisyan loses unceremoniously to Hallman, who is a TKO's them the first round. On their way back to the locker room, people shower them with invective. "You suck!" they yell.
Afterward, even Hallman seemed crestfallen that they had to beat a one-time storied fighter who was now a shell of himself.
"The only thing I'm not happy about is I am the guy who had to beat Karo," they said after the fight. "I'm a big fan of his. I really hope they redeem themselves and comes back and is able to overcome this loss and is able to kick somebody else's butt."
If Parisyan is to do that, they will first have to overcome their addiction to pain medication and the demons that plague him. They will have to do it in another organization, as well, as they were told on Monday that they have been cut from the UFC. Dana White informed him, perhaps for the last time, that they "wasn't UFC material."
It was hard to watch Parisyan go out that way.  They are one of the more likable guys in the game. After catching wind of Karo's release, their friend Dermenjian said to me, "I wish them a great MMA career, but they need to take care of their personal problems first. I hope years from now when they mention Karo's name, they'll recognize them as a great fighter and a legend, not a waste of talent. Time will tell."
Throughout the days leading up to their fight in Detroit, people teased Parisyan about the incident on the "Ultimate Fighter" series, when they infamously asked Nate Diaz, "Don't you know who I am, bro?"  They are used to the ribbing, and generally laughs it off. They even say they should market a T-shirt that embraces that line -- "Don't you know who I am, bro?"
The irony is that it falls on Parisyan to answer the question himself. Right now the answer is nothing less than a fighter's worst nightmare.
That is, irrelevant.
Chuck Mindenhall is a features writer at FIGHT! magazine, and can be followed on Twitter at @ChuckMindenhall.
I've been looking forward to designing Neo's new outfit for the sole reason that I had the awesome to give them a new "flavor." I believe it was said at some point that Neo's disguise with the black clothes went under the name Pistachio, as in pistachio ice cream, known for its green color (The same color as their eyes in that disguise). I decided that this outfit would be, "Sherbet," the multi-flavored ice cream that comes in pink, orange, and white/green. I think it works really well, considering that they have a pretty good reason as to why they would incorporate orange into their motif, considering a certain someone they associated with. They borrow Roman's hairstyle, their old hat in remembrance, and a bit of their fashion sense in the jacket. Fun fact, Neo's design was based on a genderswapped cosplay of Roman to begin with! In addition, they have green eyes because of the sherbet with green in it, and a bit of influence from Mary Poppins, which influenced their character. That influence is mainly in the multicolored scarf, but also in how they have a flower in their hat.Update:Oh, look, I got a few things right! They keep the hat, but they have a different scarf and a much different outfit.
"Why can't we more like Germany?" center-left British weekly New Statesman asks on the cover of its latest issue. The cover image shows Chancellor Angela Merkel alongside Bastian Schweinsteiger, one of Bayern Munich's star players -- as role models in politics and football. Britain can prosper, the magazine suggests, if it understands Germany's success.
The author of the article, German-born Philip Oltermann, writes that British politicians and business people have the habit of talking about the "German model" every 20 years. That time has come again. The fact that two German teams, Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund, have reached the Champions League final which will be played in London's Wembley stadium on May 25 appears to have confirmed what a lot of people in Britain have been murmuring for months. The Germans are somehow getting it right.
Germany's top football league, the Bundesliga, whose clubs don't depend on the cash of oligarchs, sheikhs and business tycoons that own their top-flight English rivals, is often cited as an example of the successful, sustainable German business model. German clubs, many of which are majority-owned by their fans, are a microcosm of the structure of the German economy, the New Statesman's editorial states.
The British left has always admired Germany's concept of the social market economy, a principle that underpinned the West German post-war economic miracle, marrying free market economics with a focus on social progress. The system of giving workers a say in corporate decision-making, the state-owned savings banks whose purpose is to promote public welfare, the presence of strong, family-owned businesses that take a long-term approach in ther decison-making -- this is very much in line with the social democratic traditions of the opposition Labour Party.
Government Backs Apprenticeships
But even the Conservative-Liberal coalition of Prime Minister David Cameron is resorting to German recipes to get the stagnant British economy growing again. It launched an apprecenticeship scheme to encourage more busineses to train their own employees. A new state-owned business bank is to provide small and medium-sized businesses with credit. And state-backed credit guarantees are being used to help boost exports.
The Financial Times wrote in April that both the British government and the opposition were transfixed by German ideas. Even the Welsh nationalist party Plaid Cymru recently demanded an investment program to regenerate structurally weak parts of Britain -- similar to Germany's more than 1 trillion Aufbau Ost program to rebuild the former communist east of Germany.
The rethink began after the 2008 financial crash. The British economy, so heavily reliant on its banking sector, has yet to recover from the blow, while the German economy rebounded relatively quickly. Part of the reason Britain had remained sluggish is that manufacturing only accounts for 11 percent of the country's gross domestic product. In Germany, the figure is almost twice as high at 21 percent.
The Confederation of British Industry (CBI) said back in 2011 that Britain needed its own version of the Mittelstand -- the small- and medium-sized German manufacturing companies often referred to as the backbone of the German economy. CBI chief John Cridland said Britain should boost its small business sector to promote innovation and growth. The government responded by setting up the business bank.
But the Labour Party is the most ardent supporter of the German model. Its leader, Ed Miliband, likes to talk about "responsible capitalism." They have put a stop to the close ties New Labour had with the big London banks under former Labour Prime Minister Tony Blair. Insteady, Labour dispatched members to Germany to learn how the Sparkassen savings bank system operates. Shortly after that, Miliband announced that if they win the next election in 2015, they will set up regional banks focused on promoting their local economies.
The Independent newspaper was only half-joking when it referred to "Neue Labour." Two of Miliband's advisers, Maurice Glasman and Stewart Wood, are experts on Germany. They are calling for the return to the "Mitbestimmung" system of codetermination, in which any company with a workforce of more than 2,000 people must have half its supervisory board made up of worker representatives. It was the British who introduced the system in Germany after World War II.
Even the current Golden Boy of British politics, Nigel Farage, the leader of the staunchly anti-EU United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP), which just scored big in local elections, sees Germany as worthy of emulating -- at least in some respects. Instead of the strict smoking ban in force in British pubs, Britain should copy the Germans and allow pubs to designate smoking and non-smoking zones -- like they do in Germany.
Looking for wing sound effects? Field recordist Thomas Beverly has just released a unique SFX library – one that captures the sound of hummingbirds. I was curious to know how they got the idea for the project, and how they managed to record the sounds of these tiny, aerial acrobats. Here's the story behind the one-of-a-kind hummingbirds SFX library:
Hi Thomas, please introduce yourself and the Hummingbird SFX library:
My name is Thomas Beverly and I am an American composer and field recordist based in Philadelphia.
This library was recorded as part of an extended recording trip in the high desert of west Texas. I used my parents' house near Marfa, TX as home base and then traveled throughout the region recording hummingbirds, winds, trains, and summer thunderstorms. I have been fascinated by the sounds of these birds for years, and finally had chance to record them in the field. Many species of hummingbirds were captured in close proximity and stunning detail while they visited the feeders at our remote adobe house.
Where did you find the hummingbirds to record – and how much planning did you do in advance?
At my parents' house in the Davis Mountains in west Texas, near Marfa, Texas at an altitude of about 6,000 ft. I knew the birds would be most active during the summer, so I brought my Sennheiser MKH 50/30 MS rig to do close up recording.
What was your recording setup and approach?
I began recording with my Rycote MS Blimp (with windjammer) about 2 feet away and 2 feet below the feeder. As the birds became accustomed to the blimp after a few days, I gradually moved it closer and closer.
The microphones captured incredible detail but still left room for the birds to fly directly in front of the feeder
The ideal position was level with the feeder and about 8 inches away. With this close proximity the microphones captured incredible detail but still left room for the birds to fly directly in front of the feeder. They would fly directly in front of the mics in the tiny 8-inch gap!
What are some of your favorite sounds in the library?
Definitely the variety of fundamental “hum” frequencies of the hummingbirds' fast-moving wings, which I believe is determined by the wing flap rate of the bird and varies according to gender, species, and size of the hummingbird. I categorized these recordings into high, mid, bass, and sub-bass birds according to the fundamental frequencies of these hums. The wing flap rates of these species average around 50 flaps per second. Also, the swarming and territorial dogfights among the birds were wonderful. At times I had 6 hummingbirds simultaneously within 12 inches of the mics.
Hear a small selection of the many hums and vocalizations from the High Desert Hummingbirds SFX library
Any surprising lessons learned while making the library?
I quickly learned that hummingbirds take tiny, frequent bathroom breaks while flying…and you must take precautions. Also, hummingbirds don't like the fuzziness of the windjammer and will chase you when you are refilling the feeder. They'll also do astounding dive-bombs toward another bird challenging their territory. I watched them fly straight up a few hundred feet, flip over, and dive-bomb at top speed directly at another bird they were trying to chase away.
Any tips for other recordists when it comes to capturing bird sounds?
From my experience, you need the patience to spend a ton of time sitting near the feeder while avoiding sudden movements.
They even started flying within two feet of my face and gawking at me
Gradually, the birds will stop fearing or avoiding you. They even started flying within two feet of my face and gawking at me. Remote locations where birds don't have a learned fear of humans can be extremely helpful as well.
You've recently started out in indie SFX – any tips or insights for others who are looking to take the plunge?
Get a cheap portable recorder and just start recording! Previously, I did a bit of field recording (with borrowed equipment) that I used in my own music compositions. However, the big change was when I bought a Zoom H6, made a few homemade contact mics, and went on a cross-country bicycle trip from San Diego to El Paso during the summer of 2015, recording all sorts of sounds along the way.
The most valuable lesson I've learned was during this first extended field recording trip: I learned to clear my mind, slow down, and be totally present in a location. Once I could sit happily and completely still for 30-45 minutes and just listen…I decided I was ready to take the plunge, invest in some professional recording equipment, and go exploring for new sounds.
What's next for you in terms of sound effects libraries?
I have always been a bit of a storm chaser. I was lucky to be in west Texas during some blustery thunderstorms this past summer. I was able to capture a large number of lightning strikes at distances ranging from 2,000 feet to 20 miles. At distances under 3 miles the sound takes anywhere from 1-15 seconds to reach the microphones. I used that time to adjust the gain appropriately so the thunder didn't overload the mics (you just have to plug your ears and duck for cover if there are strikes within 1,000 feet). It was thrilling to learn how to ride the gain based on the brightness of the lightning strike to get the best recording. I am planning to release a 2-part thunder library. “High Desert Thunder” will include a wet and dry version. “Wet” will contain rainstorm thunder and “Dry” will include clips of clean resonant thunder. “Wet” and “Dry” will be available to purchase separately or together as a bundle.
Please share this:
FOLLOW OR SUBSCRIBE FOR THE LATEST IN FANTASTIC SOUND:
One of the things that makes it interesting to teach business ethics is the need to continually revise the curriculum. I usually spend a week discussing the latest “big scandal” in the corporate world – unfortunately, I almost never teach the same one twice, because something new always comes along. First time I taught the course it was junk bonds, and the Gordon Gekko stuff. Then along came Enron, against which all of that misbehaviour paled. Then the financial crisis. Then the Deepwater Horizon disaster. And now Volkswagen. At very least, “corporations behaving badly,” is an area where you never risk running out of material.
I've been following the Volkswagen fraud rather carefully in part because it affects me personally, since my wife has an Audi A3 with the TDI diesel engine. They also precisely fits the profile of a consumer who was defrauded by the “clean diesel” claim. Back when they bought their car, they had narrowed the choice down to two vehicles: the Lexus CT 200h (hybrid) and the Audi A3 diesel. Fuel economy and environmental impact were, in other words, a major priority. They wound up buying the A3 because of the more entertaining driving performance, in particular the superior torque. Obviously, if they had known that this performance was being achieved by disabling pollution controls, they would not have bought the car.
She's been emailing Audi and has yet to get a response – they have not even responded to their request to confirm that their car is one of the ones affected. “This is a company that sends me a birthday card every year,” they pointed out. “Yet so far they have nothing to say about a massive fraud.” (Right now they want a buyback, and will be joining the class-action lawsuit.)
One of the things I like to point out about these big scandals is that they are not, strictly speaking, “business ethics” problems, they are actually issues of corporate crime. Indeed, Enron, the financial crisis, Deepwater Horizon, and now Volkswagen, all involved very widespread violations of law (what we would call a “crime spree” if it were happening on the street). Of course, business ethics is highly relevant to the topic of white collar crime, because in the area of corporate conduct, the state relies more heavily upon voluntary restraint that it does when dealing with street crime. (This is because the state has much greater difficulty detecting, prosecuting, and securing convictions with white-collar criminals. The dominant view among criminologists is that it is often impossible to come up with a threatened punishment that is large enough, credible enough, and sufficiently well targeted to serve as an effective deterrent against corporate crime. And criminal prosecution of executives is not quite the magic bullet that many people take it to be.)
In any case, over the part few weeks, various commentators have been trotting out the usually “folk” theories of criminal motivation, in order to account for VW's actions. I've spent some time in my academic work criticizing these theories (particularly in my paper, Business Ethics and Moral Motivation: A Criminological Perspective). Take, for example, the suggestion that these actions are motivated by “greed” or the pursuit of “profit.” The problem with this, as an explanation of corporate crime, is that these motives are too common. It therefore fails to explain why this firm, or this individual, turns to crime, when many other firms or individuals, facing roughly the same incentives and possessing roughly the same motives, do not turn to crime.
Furthermore, these “folk” theories are weak when it comes to accounting for the social character of crime. Corporate crime, for instance, tends to be concentrated in particular industries and firms. Consider, for example, this passage from my 2008 article (citing literature from 1980):
White-collar crime, just like street crime, has an important social dimension. If the individualistic approach were correct, then one would expect to find a fairly random distribution of white collar crime throughout various sectors of the economy, depending upon where individuals suffering from poor character or an excess of greed wound up working. Yet, what one finds instead are very high concentrations of criminal activity in particular sectors of the economy. Furthermore, these pockets of crime often persist quite stubbornly over time, despite a complete change-over in the personnel involved. For example, the petrochemical, automobile, and pharmaceutical industries have been plagued by corporate crime for years, in a way that, for example, the farm equipment or the beverage industries have not (Clinard and Yeager, 1980, pp. 340–341). Of course, some of this can be explained by the structure of opportunities in certain occupations (as with theft by dockworkers, or corruption among police officers), but much of it also has to do with the formation of deviant or criminal subcultures, often with their own internal rules and normative expectations, which in turn get reproduced over time (Mars, 1982).
What is striking about this passage is the singling out of “petrochemical, automobile, and pharmaceutical industries” as ones with a “crime problem.” This is why, when the Deepwater Horizon tragedy occurred, or now the VW scandal, it was hardly surprising to people who follow these things. Certain industries essentially harbour and reproducing deviant subcultures. This is one of the reasons that much of the best work on white collar crime has been inspired by, and draws upon, work in juvenile delinquency. Whereas delinquents tend to exist in subcultures that reproduce deviant attitudes toward authority, many corporations reproduce subcultures that promote organized resistance to regulation.
This is a well-known feature of the automobile industry, and apparently this is what was happening at VW as well. One executive, speaking anonymously, blamed “the company's isolation, its clannish board and a deep-rooted hostility to environmental regulations among its engineers. “
These deviant subcultures, once established, can be extremely difficult to dislodge (much like official corruption in, say, a police force). I was struck, for instance, by the following description of a pharmaceutical company executive, G. Kirk Raab, who was hired by Genentech “to smooth the company's journey through the regulatory process.” The only way to do this, it turned out, was to fire a lot of people. “In practice, dealing with the fact of FDA power meant a fundamental change in corporate structure and culture. At Abbott and at Genentech, Raab's most central transformation was in creating a culture of acquiescence toward a government agency. As was done at other drug companies in the late 20th century, Raab essentially fired officials at Abbott who were insufficiently compliant with the FDA.” (This is from Daniel Carpenter's book, Reputation and Power, p. 7).
This is probably what needs to be done in the automotive industry as well — with respect to both environmental and safety regulation.
If pharmaceutical companies have been moving in the direction of improving their corporate culture, there is one sector that probably should be added to the list of “criminogenic” industries, and that is finance. For instance, I often show the following list to my students (from a great blog post on Naked Capitalism – here), which summarizes a report on JP Morgan Chase, documenting the illegal activities that the bank has admitted to (or effectively admitted to, in various settlements), in the period following the 2008 financial crisis (and thus excludes mortgage fraud and abuses):
It's hard to summarize all of the documented instances in this report of JPM has been breaking the law, but here's my best shot. I try to keep up on these matters, and yet some of these I'm learning about for the first time: Bank Secrecy Act violations;
Money laundering for drug cartels;
Violations of sanction orders against Cuba, Iran, Sudan, and former Liberian strongman Charles Taylor;\
Violations related to the Vatican Bank scandal (get on this, Pope Francis!);
Violations of the Commodities Exchange Act;
Failure to segregate customer funds (including one CFTC case where the bank failed to segregate $725 million of its own money from a $9.6 billion account) in the US and UK;
Knowingly executing fictitious trades where the customer, with full knowledge of the bank, was on both sides of the deal;
Various SEC enforcement actions for misrepresentations of CDOs and mortgage-backed securities;
The AG settlement on foreclosure fraud;
The OCC settlement on foreclosure fraud;
Violations of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act;
Illegal flood insurance commissions;
Fraudulent sale of unregistered securities;
Auto-finance ripoffs;
Illegal increases of overdraft penalties;
Violations of federal ERISA laws as well as those of the state of New York;
Municipal bond market manipulations and acts of bid-rigging, including violations of the Sherman Anti-Trust Act;
Filing of unverified affidavits for credit card debt collections (“as a result of internal control failures that sound eerily similar to the industry's mortgage servicing failures and foreclosure abuses”);
Energy market manipulation that triggered FERC lawsuits;
“Artificial market making” at Japanese affiliates;
Shifting trading losses on a currency trade to a customer account;
Fraudulent sales of derivatives to the city of Milan, Italy;
Obstruction of justice (including refusing the release of documents in the Bernie Madoff case as well as the case of Peregrine Financial). And, exhale. The sheer litany of illegal activities just overwhelms you. And these are only the ones where the company has entered into settlements or been sanctioned; it doesn't even include ongoing investigations into things like Libor, illegally concealing inclusions of mortgage-backed securities in employer funds (another ERISA violation), the Fail Whale trades, and especially putback suits for mortgages, where a recent ruling by Judge Jed Rakoff has seriously increased exposure.
What can be said about this? Perhaps a few lessons: First, it serves as a helpful reminder that white collar crime remains a very serious social problem, one that attracts far too little public concern. This is partly because of an almost entirely supine business press – it remains that case that while the “news” section of newspapers focuses very heavily on criticizing the government, the “business” section almost never criticizes business, and does almost no investigative reporting or muckracking. (Notice that while political scandals are almost always uncovered by political reporters, the VW story was not broken by an “automotive” reporter.) Second, it is important to be aware that these criminogenic business subcultures, once developed, can be extremely difficult to eliminate. Thus it is a very important responsibility of management to set the right tone, to keep a careful eye on the corporate culture, and to take hard line when things start to get out of hand. Finally, there are many people who, for reasons of political ideology, are strongly critical of environmental law, health and safety regulation, financial regulation, the FDA, etc. These political ideologies are often appealed to by corporate criminals, as a way of legitimating their law-breaking activities. It seems to me, therefore, that those who express an ideological hostility to regulation bear a special responsibility for ensuring that their views are not misused in this way. This can be achieved, in part, by emphasizing the very significant difference between claiming that a law should be repealed and claiming that a law need not be obeyed.
The following is a list of episodes of the family television anthology Faerie Tale Theatre, also known as Shelley Duvall's Faerie Tale Theatre which ran on Showtime from 1982 to 1987, airing a total 27 episodes.
The series featured numerous famous and well known Hollywood actors (particularly of the period), with Robin Williams and Teri Garr in the first episode, "The Tale of the Frog Prince". The creator and executive producer Shelly Duvall, also appeared in 3 episodes and narrated 3 episodes. Others, including Jean Stapleton, Mark Blankfield, Charlie Dell, Donovan Scott and Daniel Frishman, were among those who had credited appearances in more than three episodes.
Series overview [ edit ]
Season Episodes Originally aired First aired Last aired 1 2 September 11, 1982 ( ) October 16, 1982 ( 1982-10-16 ) 2 6 February 5, 1983 ( ) December 5, 1983 ( 1983-12-05 ) 3 7 January 9, 1984 ( ) September 17, 1984 ( 1984-09-17 ) 4 7 February 12, 1985 ( ) October 5, 1985 ( 1985-10-05 ) 5 2 July 14, 1986 ( ) August 11, 1986 ( 1986-08-11 ) 6 3 March 23, 1987 ( ) November 14, 1987 ( 1987-11-14 )
Episodes [ edit ]
NOTE: The links in the episode titles go to the articles on the fairy tales from which they were adapted rather than to articles about the episodes themselves.
Season 1 (1982) [ edit ]
Season 2 (1983) [ edit ]
Season 3 (1984) [ edit ]
Season 4 (1985) [ edit ]
Season 5 (1986) [ edit ]
Under the Radar Blog Archives Select Date… January, 2019 December, 2018 November, 2018 October, 2018 September, 2018 August, 2018 July, 2018 June, 2018 May, 2018 April, 2018 March, 2018 February, 2018
Judge rebuffs feds' secret arguments on no-fly list
A federal judge in California has rejected the Obama administration's effort to use secret arguments and evidence to defeat a lawsuit relating to the so-called no-fly list designed to keep suspected terrorists off of airline flights.
U.S. District Court Judge William Alsup turned down a motion by the Justice Department to dismiss former Stanford student Rahinah Ibrahim's lawsuit against various federal government agencies over their reported inclusion on the no-fly list as well as an incident in September 2005 where they were barred from taking a flight from San Francisco and detained for a couple of hours.
(Also on POLITICO: DOJ to court: Don't hear senators on our time)
Alsup, who sits in San Francisco, also refused the Justice Department's offer to show them affidavits from law enforcement officials which the government would not share with Ibrahim or their attorneys.
"Here the government seeks to affirmatively use allegedly privileged information to dispose of the case entirely without ever revealing to the other side what its secret evidence might be," Alsup wrote in an order filed last week (and posted here). "Only in the rarest of circumstances should a district judge, in their or their discretion, receive ex parte argument and evidence in secret from only one side aimed at winning or ending a case over the objection of the other side. Here, the government has not justified its sweeping proposal."
(Also on POLITICO: 7th Circuit punts on President Barack Obama's recess appointments)
"It has gone so far as even to redact from its table of authorities some of the reported caselaw on which it relies! This is too hard to swallow," Alsup wrote.
Alsup seemed particularly exercised by what they said was the Justice Department's proposal that it would hang on to the confidential materials, which they added would not be officially filed with the court. If the judge is correctly stating the government's proposal, it would be unusual even for cases involving classified information. A quick glance at the filings in the case suggests the government is following its typical process for cases involving sensitive information. (No-fly list data, which is regularly shared with uncleared airline personnel, is not considered classified but rather "sensitive security information" which the Transportation Security Administration has legal control over.)
(Also on POLITICO: Photos of the year)
The civil case will now proceed to discovery of relevant evidence. The judge did not rule out considering specific evidence later on that the government may wish to submit and keep secret, but they set a high bar for doing so. They also said the government would have to share any SSI relevant to the case with Ibrahim's counsel.
The public accounts of what happened to Ibrahim make it sound like the Maylaysian national may have been on the no-fly list when first denied travel in 2005, but was later moved to a "selectee" list of travelers who get extra security attention but aren't banned outright from traveling. However, the U.S. subsequently revoked their visa and denied them another one in 2009, suggesting some ongoing security concern on the government's part. The revocation cited actual or possible terrorist activity, but was not specific.
The lawsuit, filed in 2006, has already traveled twice to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit. The most recent ruling, in February of this year, held that Ibrahim had standing to sue even though she's not a U.S. citizen and left the country voluntarily.
If the Obama administration really wanted to drop a bomb on the case, it could invoke the State Secrets Privilege in an effort to make the suit go away, but the courts might frown on an effort to do so at this point in the legal process.
Film making in California has always been a tradition since the art form developed in the beginning of the twentieth century. This was true whether it be the Santa Monica Mountains or the beautiful Pacific Ocean Coastline. And a favorite location has been the South Bay of Los Angeles.
So what is happening to the film industry in California?
It is a combination of State and local government regulations along with some local merchants and residents which is making it very difficult to film here. We have business taxes or no tax breaks along with no monetary incentives to film here. It is appropriately all about the bottom line, as it always is in business. With that said it is understandable why the film industry follows the lure of other states that want their business.
The Harbor Area of San Pedro and the rest of the South Bay are looking for ways to intise the filmmakers into wanting to film our towns. Think about it, it is more cost effective to move all the filming gear and personnel to another state rather than film in our area.
Examples of this is in Redondo to get a permit for filming takes about seven working days as the application has to go through six different departments. The city is working at streamlining the process so it will only take half the time. San Pedro, an advisory panel is being formed. They hope to ease the friction between shop owners and film crews and make it a worthwhile endeavor for all. Torrance is known to be film friendly just as it is with all businesses.
It has not always been this way lets look and just a sampling of TV and big screen films that were shot here in our South Bay Communities.
El Segundo -Superbod, Live Free or Die Hard, Hancock, Joan of Arcadia, Dude, Where's my Car, Joe Dirt, The Fresh Prince of Bel Air
-Superbod, Live Free or Die Hard, Hancock, Joan of Arcadia, Dude, Where's my Car, Joe Dirt, The Fresh Prince of Bel Air Hermosa Beach -Side Out, Southland Tales, Men at Work, 1408, Carrie- Bates HS HB Community Center, Coming Home, Battle for LA, Against All Odds
-Side Out, Southland Tales, Men at Work, 1408, Carrie- Bates HS HB Community Center, Coming Home, Battle for LA, Against All Odds Manhattan Beac h-MBS Studios-Iron Man 2, Captain America, The Avengers, The Hunting Starship Troopers, (Pre production)Avartar 23, The Panic room, Almost Famous, Hidalgo, Boston Legal, The Practice, Medium, The Funniest Home Videos, CSI:Miami;Manhattan Beach City/Beach-Blow, Weeds, Coming Home(the stand), 90210, Starsky and Hutch; Tree Section Jerry McGuire, Against All Odds; El Porto in Manhattan Beach
h-MBS Studios-Iron Man 2, Captain America, The Avengers, The Hunting Starship Troopers, (Pre production)Avartar 23, The Panic room, Almost Famous, Hidalgo, Boston Legal, The Practice, Medium, The Funniest Home Videos, CSI:Miami;Manhattan Beach City/Beach-Blow, Weeds, Coming Home(the stand), 90210, Starsky and Hutch; Tree Section Jerry McGuire, Against All Odds; El Porto in Manhattan Beach Redondo Beach : Nesting, The Butterfly Room, G-Force 1408, Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End, Big Momma's House 2, Fat Albert, Eddie Griffin, Point Break, Men at Work, Tequila Sunrise, The Cannonball, Jakes John Travolta's character in Pulp Fiction Vincent Vega, lived in Redondo Beach.Television-90210, Dexter, Dude, What Would Happen, Tosh.0, Surviving Disaster, Trust Me, Chuck, Medium, 24, The OC, CSI:Miami, Ally McBeal, The Practice, California Dreams, Baywatch, Riptide, Speeders, Star Trek Party of Even Stevens.The Redondo Union High School football stadium on Pacific Coast Highway was featured in The Hot Chick (2002) starring Rob Schneider.
: Nesting, The Butterfly Room, G-Force 1408, Pirates of the Caribbean: At World's End, Big Momma's House 2, Fat Albert, Eddie Griffin, Point Break, Men at Work, Tequila Sunrise, The Cannonball, Jakes John Travolta's character in Pulp Fiction Vincent Vega, lived in Redondo Beach.Television-90210, Dexter, Dude, What Would Happen, Tosh.0, Surviving Disaster, Trust Me, Chuck, Medium, 24, The OC, CSI:Miami, Ally McBeal, The Practice, California Dreams, Baywatch, Riptide, Speeders, Star Trek Party of Even Stevens.The Redondo Union High School football stadium on Pacific Coast Highway was featured in The Hot Chick (2002) starring Rob Schneider. San Pedro Films- The Rock, The Usual Suspects , Titanic, The Big Lebowski, Pirates of the Caribbean, Heat, Crash, Catch Me if You Can, The Fast and the Furious, Pearl Harbor, Poltergeist, 50 First Dates, Colombo, Monk, Battle Los Angeles, Chinatown, King Kong (the original from 1933 and the remake from 1976), A Few Good Men, Raging Bull, Clear and Present Danger, Gone in 60 Seconds, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Lethal Weapon 2 and 4;Television series include: Dexter , Mad Men, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, The XFiles, The O.C., The West Wing, Murder They Wrote, Bones, Charmed, 24, Cold Case, NCIS, NCISLA, Criminal Minds and The Mentalist.Torrance-Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension, American Beauty, Bad Santa, Bruce Almighty, Climber Guy, Cursed, Days of Heaven, Deadline Auto Theft, Dog Gone Love, Dogtown, Dominion, Drive, Friday After Next, Gone in 60 Seconds, Jackie Brown, The Junkman, Keith, Kids Class, Lifeguard, Malevolence, Not Another Teen Movie, Pineapple Express, Ransom, She's All That, Skaterdater, Swap Meet, The Guardian, The Hot Chick, The Longest Yard, The Student Nurses, The Wild Life, Torrance Rises, Touching Down, Twist of Faith, Valley Girl, Volcano, Whatever It Takes ,White Heat , Wildfire: Feel the Heat, You Did What? , You Snooze You Lose
Films- The Rock, The Usual Suspects , Titanic, The Big Lebowski, Pirates of the Caribbean, Heat, Crash, Catch Me if You Can, The Fast and the Furious, Pearl Harbor, Poltergeist, 50 First Dates, Colombo, Monk, Battle Los Angeles, Chinatown, King Kong (the original from 1933 and the remake from 1976), A Few Good Men, Raging Bull, Clear and Present Danger, Gone in 60 Seconds, Close Encounters of the Third Kind, Lethal Weapon 2 and 4;Television series include: Dexter , Mad Men, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, The XFiles, The O.C., The West Wing, Murder They Wrote, Bones, Charmed, 24, Cold Case, NCIS, NCISLA, Criminal Minds and The Mentalist.Torrance-Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai Across the 8th Dimension, American Beauty, Bad Santa, Bruce Almighty, Climber Guy, Cursed, Days of Heaven, Deadline Auto Theft, Dog Gone Love, Dogtown, Dominion, Drive, Friday After Next, Gone in 60 Seconds, Jackie Brown, The Junkman, Keith, Kids Class, Lifeguard, Malevolence, Not Another Teen Movie, Pineapple Express, Ransom, She's All That, Skaterdater, Swap Meet, The Guardian, The Hot Chick, The Longest Yard, The Student Nurses, The Wild Life, Torrance Rises, Touching Down, Twist of Faith, Valley Girl, Volcano, Whatever It Takes ,White Heat , Wildfire: Feel the Heat, You Did What? , You Snooze You Lose Torrance High School has a long History of being used due to the fact it is retro in style and very well maintained. Examples are- In television-Beverly Hills, 90210 and in The CW's current spin-off, 90210; as Sunnydale High School, WB Network Buffy the Vampire Slayer, Skin, Medium. The Secret Life of the American Teenager and as for Silver Hills High School for the All About Us book series. In the movies: She's All That. The Wild Life, Not Another Teen Movie, Bring It On, Whatever It Takes, Cursed, Wild Things 3, Bruce Almighty, and Less Than Zero. The documentary film entitled ‘All American High' was filmed over several months.
Properties for sale Near the Buffy House
[idx-listings zip=”90501″ statuses=”1″ propertytypes=”513″ orderby=”DateAdded” orderdir=”DESC” count=”10″ showlargerphotos=”true”]
Nation's first double-decker bus servic­e for touris­ts soon
LAHORE: The Tourism Development Corporation of the Punjab (TDCP) is all set to introduce the nation's first double-decker bus service for tourists in the city under the name of Sightseeing Lahore.
Managing Director Ahmar Malik told The Express Tribune on Tuesday that two custom-made Volvo buses procured by the corporation for a sum of $376,000 were expected to reach Karachi on September 20. Malik said the service would commence in the middle of October after the buses had arrived in the city between October 9 and 10.
Read: The golden boy: Gold bars recovered from Masoom Shah's hideout
They said the route of the service had not been finalised. Malik said the buses were expected to ferry tourists between the Walled City and Gaddafi Stadium after obtaining the approval of Chief Minister Shahbaz Sharif. They said the corporation was building terminals in both locales in the projects first phase. Malik said more terminals would be built after the introduction of more routes and induction of more buses.
The MD said one terminal was being built near Punjab Stadium while the other was being constructed in the vicinity of the Fort Road Food Street. They said a myriad of eateries and sites of interest were situated in the areas. Malik said the Walled City of Lahore Authority (WCLA) had agreed to cooperate with the PTDC over the initiative. They said the authority would provide a tonga, rickshaw and guide service at the Fort Road Food Street to showcase the city's heritage. Malik said tourists would have the opportunity to sample Pakistani cuisine at one of the many eateries in Gaddafi Stadium and shop in the many commercial areas nearby including Liberty Market. Malik said the PTDC had examined the standards of similar services in cities like Budapest, Dubai and London across major international tourism conventions. They said each bus could accommodate 67 passengers. Malik said the vehicles would be equipped with a public address system that would allow guides to make tourists aware of the city's history and places of interest along the route. They said the PTDC would later install LED screens in the buses to screen films regarding Lahore's culture, art and heritage. They said the corporation intended to run the service in the evening during summer. Malik said the PTDC would increase its frequency in the winter.
Published in The Express Tribune, September 16th, 2015.
Read full story
The Kochs, Ms. Mayer is careful to remind us, are only one of several fabulously wealthy families that have tried to move America to the right. Their outsize influence is a result not only of their outsize fortune — according to Forbes magazine, the brothers are the fifth and sixth wealthiest Americans, with a combined family income larger than that of Bill Gates — but also of their intellectual prowess and organizational skills. For more than a decade, they have organized donor summits to which they have invited like-minded billionaires, political consultants, media celebrities and elected officials. At these meetings, plans are made, issues chosen, money raised, donations pooled, spending coordinated for the next election cycles.
The Koch brothers and their allies insist, and no doubt believe, that their war on big government has been motivated by their commitment to the individual freedoms that government interferes with. Still, “it was impossible not to notice,” Ms. Mayer writes, “that the political policies they embraced benefited their own bottom lines first and foremost. Lowering taxes and rolling back regulations, slashing the welfare state and obliterating the limits on campaign spending might or might not have helped others, but they most certainly strengthened the hand of extreme donors with extreme wealth.”
One of the more startling revelations in Ms. Mayer's book concerns the number of billionaires in the Koch network who have had “serious past or ongoing legal problems” and whose companies have been fined for violations of the Clean Air and the Clean Water Acts. Koch Industries, they report, has been perhaps the most flagrant and willful polluter and scofflaw. According to the Environmental Protection Agency's database, it was the No. 1 producer of toxic waste in the country in 2012.
To protect their investments in coal and oil pipelines and refineries (somewhat pared down in the last decade), the Koch brothers have, Ms. Mayer points out, funded think tanks committed to raising doubt about climate change. They have also spent tens of millions of dollars to roll back environmental regulations and defund or abolish the federal agencies that write and enforce them.
There are signs that the Kochs' influence may be waning. The Republican candidate they appeared to have favored, Gov. Scott Walker of Wisconsin, is no longer in the presidential race. Donald J. Trump, the candidate out in front, has made clear that they have no need for Koch money and has ridiculed those who “beg” for it. Still, as Ms. Mayer reports, twice as many Koch network dollars will be in play in 2016 than were in play in 2012: $889 million, only slightly less than the $1 billion that the Democratic and Republican national committees each expect to spend on the election.
Indrani Das, an Indian-American teenager, has just walked away with the top prize in one of the most prestigious science competitions in the world – the Regeneron Science Talent Search Competition. The 17-year-old girl, who hails from New Jersey, has in addition won $ 250,000 in prize money.
The competition, which is also dubbed the “Junior Nobel Prize,” is the oldest science competition in the world for students.
Overall 40 finalists were awarded grants worth $1.8 million and a total of five Indian-Americans made it to the top 10.
Photo source: Facebook
Indrani was recognised by the committee comprising some of the top experts in the field of science and technology, for the work they had conducted on astrogliosis. It is a condition that occurs when astrocytes, which are a form of cells, start increasing in an abnormal rate due to certain form of injuries or trauma like infection, stroke etc. Excess of astrocytes leads to the destruction of neurons. Through their work, Indrani was able to demonstrate how the survival of neurons can be ensured in such cases.
You may also like: After Entering College at 7, Indian Origin Child Prodigy Releases Musical Album in 6 Languages!
The third place in the competition was also won by an Indian-American named Arjun Ramani. George D Yancopoulos, who is the president and the Chief Scientific Officer of Regeneron, in a statement, noted the importance of such competitions in encouraging future scientific inquiry. They said, “My experience as a Science Talent Search winner led me to embark on a career in science, and I hope it will inspire these exceptional young scientists to become next generation of innovators that will improve the world and solve some of our most pressing challenges as society.”
The renowned competition generally finds about 1,700 students each year submitting their research study in hopes of being recognised with the top prize.
Like this story? Or have something to share? Write to us: contact@thebetterindia.com, or connect with us on Facebook and Twitter.
NEW: Click here to get positive news on WhatsApp!
In the debate over whether Wisconsin state workers should have the right to collectively bargain for better benefits, there is at least one group that sides with Gov. Scott Walker — people wealthy enough that they probably don't need collective bargaining rights themselves.
That finding comes from a Pew poll released this week showing more Americans siding with the unions over Gov. Walker in the budget showdown that has deadlocked the Wisconsin legislature and sent thousands of protesters streaming into the state capitol. And strikingly, while Americans overall took the unions' side in the poll, the highest income demographic was the only one in which more people said they stood with Walker over the unions.Overall, 42% of respondents said they side more with the unions, while 31% took Walker's position. Among those with annual household incomes under $30,000, that split was considerably larger, with 46% supporting the unions, and only 20% supporting Walker. People earning $30,000 to $74,999 per year also backed the unions, 49% to 31%.
Yet among those earning over $75,000 per year, 36% said they backed the unions, while slightly more, 40%, said they stood behind Walker.
Last week, a Gallup poll found the same result, with all income groups except the top bracket opposing the idea of collective bargaining rights.
The Pew survey was conducted February 24-27 among 1,009 adults nationwide. It has a margin of error of 4.0%.
Automated Testing vs Testing*
Oleg Pantsjoha Blocked Unblock Follow Jun 30, 2017
*by a human.
The aim of this article is to help educate testers and their colleagues about the reasoning behind why testers (humans) should not and cannot be replaced by machines. We will also look at the difference between automated testing and testing and how automation can be used to aid us. The implementation of automated testing is out of scope of this article but it will cover some practical principles.
I would like to start by crediting a friend and a colleague, Joshua Gladwin, for contributing to this article, as a qualified Psychologist they have a deep insight into how humans think and the complexity involved in building a machine that can mimic human thinking (artificial intelligence).
If we want to avoid a ‘Skynet' scenario then let's Keep It Simple (KISS principle). Test frameworks, tools and machines are all resources intended to help us execute regression tests that we (as testers) have designed.
The reason why testers should not and cannot be replaced entirely by machines is because in today's world complexity and ambiguity are on the rise — adaptability is the answer, real-time, on demand adaptability to changes that may occur, with context, scenarios and parameters. But who can adapt better: a human or a machine — and why?
You can build a machine that can test given parameters but the machine will not be able to incorporate additional factors without human intervention.
A human by nature is a tester — our basic drive as a species is to test 'cause and effect' to gain control and make resource allocation as efficient as possible. Throughout evolution we have tested, this goes back to the most basic curiosity of ‘what happens if I touch the fire?' — as a human we learn from the instant feedback of burning our self and we don't do it twice, that's for sure! But you may test the fire with other parameters.Take ‘A+B = ?' test as an example, a human can adapt a test by adding C, D, E variables into the equation as they test. A machine cannot adapt the test, it can only run the test on the parameters it is given.
Humans can also predict change, take a multitude of factors and risks into account and therefore adapt as necessary. A human can postulate the possibility of X happening and so test for Y just in case. A machine cannot identify risks that it has not been programmed to. Yes, we can build predictive learning machines, but can you build an efficient and adaptable machine that can predict outcomes? A machine may predict X may occur and so might trigger another test incorporating those variables, but this would be inbuilt within the instruction by a human.
We shouldn't be relying on machines and technology to do the thinking for us but instead use them to aid us in discovering, learning and adapting quickly to changes.
In the last decade alone technology has evolved rapidly and has become more affordable and accessible to the public. This has given way to more possibilities but also increased the speed at which we want things (real time on demand services). Software companies must ensure they deliver excellent quality products as quickly as possible on a multitude of platforms and devices. To meet these demands we can harness the power of distributed or cloud computing, and run automated tests on all the supported platforms and devices required.
Technology can aid us in becoming better testers, we can use it in conjunction with automation in different ways. Like Tony Stark uses their Iron man suit to aid them in dealing with badies (obstacles), we can use automation, tools and machines to aid us in testing. For example, if you need to check that X number of redirects are working, as a human it may take you a while to get through all of them. Instead, you can write a small program that retrieves actual URLs from Excel row A, execute them via e.g. Selenium and compare the result against expected URLs from row B. This program can now be added to your arsenal of tools to aid you in the future.
Lastly, I'd like to suggest to my fellow testers and their colleagues that we refer to automated testing as automated checking to draw a clear line of separation between machines executing a test and a human carrying out testing. I see this as once a tester has developed a test case and executed it, it becomes a check for a machine to execute as part of regression.
Summary
As we have seen automated testing is very different to testing done by a human. Automation frees up testers to focus on more complex work that a machine cannot do, however, we can use it to build out an arsenal of tools to aid us in testing.
Meg Whitman, the billionaire former EBay executive who is seeking the GOP nomination for governor of California, has fumbled again — this time by badly abusing the trust of some of the state's top political reporters.
Here's how Carla Marinucci, a columnist for the San Francisco Chronicle, described it:
Press shy GOP gubernatorial candidate Meg Whitman found themselves challenged by reporters today after they announced an “open press” stop in Oakland, then refused to take questions the press — which was also barred from covering their tour of the port's Union Pacific facility. Reporters from Bay Area media outlets — TV, print and radio — turned up for Whitman's advertised campaign stop in Oakland, where the former eBay CEO had announced a campaign stop and press event. But once at the Union Pacific Railroad site, the assembled reporters were not allowed to view their tour — and herded into a holding room instead. Then came the news that Whitman also wouldn't take questions; reporters had been called in to “see” them make statements on “how they could be helpful as governor” on jobs and the economy, Whitman spokesperson Sarah Pompei said.
(You can watch the political train wreck more or less as it happened in the video at the top. Note especially Whitman's odd smiling and imperious Barbara Bush-style cackling at about the 1-minute mark as the hapless reporters attempt to ask them questions. Californians will undoubtedly be seeing that clip in television ads as the campaign heats up. )
It's Politics 101 that you don't lure the press to a photo op by mischaracterizing it as a “press event,” as Whitman's campaign apparently did in this instance. Worse, you don't then lie about your attempted manipulation of the media to reporters:
Pompei told reporters Whitman said the no press tour was a Union Pacific call — that the company's officials did not want media coverage. (Union Pacific spokesperson Aaron Hunt begs to differ. They just told us that “we planned, actually, to have press talk with Meg on the tour….we understood there would be media availability and we wanted to work with that.”)
And:
Reason, we were told: Whitman was running late. But Whitman lingered for some time with railroad officials in the same room — just feet away from the press, who refused to leave. Finally, they were herded out, at which point Whitman's campaign drew the blinds and put up a movie screen to block them from seeing the candidate.
Whitman's chief Republican opponent, Steve Poizner, currently the state's Insurance commissioner but also a Silicon Valley millionaire, quickly released an ad titled “Runaway Meg,” chiding Whitman for persistently refusing to be interviewed or speak to extemporaneously with the media:
To date, Whitman has spent over $19 million of their own money on the campaign. (The primary is in June.) But so far, the publicity their campaign has generated has all been negative. In September, it came to light that they had not registered to vote until they were 46 years old — she's in their mid-fifties now. And their excuse was the worst: They were too busy, what with work and raising a couple of kids and all.
Last year, it was revealed that they supported Proposition 8, the anti-gay marriage amendment — a position that shocked friends from their days in the liberal bastion of the Silicone Valley and was likely a craven an attempt to pander to California's tiny, mostly elderly right-wing extreme.
Since then, Whitman has spent a fortune on radio ads that are long on inspirational rhetoric and short on key facts, including the fact that they are a Republican, just like current governor, Arnold Schwarzenegger, whose approval is stuck around 35 percent.
All that said, will their strategy of avoiding the press work? If its recent history is a guide, it certainly could. It's the same strategy Schwarzenegger used during the recall election during which they wrested the office from the sitting governor, Gray Davis. Schwarzenegger's one big interview during the recall was a softball sitdown with their Kennedy-cousin wife, Maria Shriver, conducted by Oprah Winfrey. (Thanks again, Oprah!)
However Schwarzenegger had something going for them that Whitman apparently does not: A team of national-level political operatives who know what they were doing. Their strategy of keeping Schwarzenegger away from the media was to prevent them from making gaffes. The public only saw them at rallies, grinning and swinging a broom (for the “clean sweep” they were supposedly going to give the capitol) and uttering their movie catch phrases like “I'll be back,” ad naseum.
The Whitman campaign's blunder with the media this week is unlikely to hobble their campaign, much less kill it. But it is not good to make patsies of the media in a state that is way too big for retail politics, where campaigns can live and die based on how they are covered on television.
Greenpeace can get a little aggressive with its tactics. That doesn't mean that it's not fighting for a good cause! But after the organization marched through the sacred Nazca Lines etched into the Peruvian desert for a climate protest, capturing it all on camera with a drone, you have to wonder what the hell they were thinking. Greenpeace isn't the best at thinking things through, though.
In fact, this is far from the first time Greenpeace has screwed up, though this latest episode of Greenpeace Being Reckless is particularly atrocious. The environmental group has a long, long history of insensitive or poorly-staged actions, ranging from big—like helping to destroy a GMO crop designed to prevent blindness—to small—like papering a small town with posters the day after a community cleanup.
Advertisement
In case you missed io9's post about the outrage, here's a recap: The environmental activists wanted to send a message to government officials from around with world who are attending a climate change conference in Lima this week. So they headed to the Nazca Desert, one of the most famous and archaeologically significant sites in Peru, to lay down a bunch of yellow banners that spelled out: "TIME FOR CHANGE! THE FUTURE IS RENEWABLE! GREENPEACE."
The message is practically on top of the hummingbird geoglyph, which is now surrounded by their footprints. And the irony is thick. The future may be renewable, but these fragile, ancient drawings are not.
Advertisement
"This has been done without any respect for our laws," Peru's deputy minister for culture Luis Jaime Castillo told the press, calling Greenpeace's actions "thoughtless, insensitive, illegal, irresponsible and absolutely pre-meditated." They explained further: "It was done in the middle of the night. They went ahead and stepped on our hummingbird, and looking at the pictures we can see there's very severe damage. Nobody can go on these lines without permission—not even the president of Peru!"
Castillo, unfortunately, isn't exaggerating when they say the damage was severe. This is what the hummingbird drawing looked like before Greenpeace stormed in:
Advertisement
This is what the hummingbird drawing looks like now—the area outlined in red is the damage caused by Greenpeace:
Aside from the blatant insensitivity at play, the reason Greenpeace's actions were so atrocious has everything to do with how fragile the drawings and surrounding ecosystem are. The Nazca drawings, a UNESCO World Heritage Site, date back to between 400 and 650 AD, when the area was inhabited by the ancient Nazca culture. The Nazca people created them by digging long, shallow trenches that became figures—spiders, monkeys, fish, birds, etc.—when viewed from above. They stand out from the rest of the landscape because the gravel on top of the soil is dark, but when the rocks are removed, light-colored clay is exposed.
Advertisement
Greenpeace activists stomping around the drawings is kind of like walking on a Mondrian painting while it was still wet. While most of the hummingbird form itself appears to be intact, the footprints uncovered the light soil underneath, wrecking the once pristine archaeological site. Greenpeace did tread on one of the lines.
As Patricio Murillo points out in a blog post about the tragic destruction, folks like researchers wear special shoes to avoid leaving traces. And as you can see above, the Greenpeace activists just wore regular old sneakers. Because why bother researching how to treat a sacred site when you want to dump your organization's advertisement on top of it and take drone selfies.
Advertisement
"[The drawings] are absolutely fragile. They are black rocks on a white background. You walk there and the footprint is going to last hundreds or thousands of years," Castillo said. "And the line that they have destroyed is the most visible and most recognized of all."
Greenpeace is sorry. Nevertheless, Peru is opening a criminal investigation and trying to keep the activists from leaving the country. The country says it will press charges of "attacking archaeological monuments" that are punishable by up to six years in prison. Greenpeace is really sorry.
Advertisement
This is far from the first time Greenpeace has gotten in trouble for doing something dumb. The organization actually does this kind of thing not infrequently. Back in 2006, Greenpeace caused a big stink about how electronics were polluting the environment, but then it turned out that their report on which companies was the worst distorted the facts significantly. This is around the same time that they also took flak for being a bunch of luddites, crowing about how technology was ruining the world. And then there was the time they tried to tell the native people of Greenland what they should eat.
This isn't the first time the lines have been damaged. It might be the most absurd, though. You'd think that an organization as huge and famous as Greenpeace, a group of activists dedicated to saving the planet, would think twice before stomping around one of the most sacred spots in the Americas. You'd think someone would speak up and question the sensibility of such a plan. But hey, Greenpeace got the headlines—just not the headlines it wanted. [io9]
Images via AP
Once again, there are another couple of changes to this list from the one that I did last year. Firstly, I'm releasing it over two days (but in the same URL). Secondly, again, it has been increased from a top 30 to this top 35.
The order of the list has been decided purely on alphabetical order. In the past two years my top 5/10 has always been easy but from that point on, it doesn't really matter. Who actually cares that it was my 28th favourite record? Exactly. With the blog having a little team of writers, next year I'll look to include them in the process.
At the bottom of the page you'll find a playlist that I've been putting together over the course of the year that contains tracks from all of the albums in this list & more! Stick it on random while you have a read.
And not to spoil it, but not including John Grant in this list was something I didn't think I'd do. It's pretty bad though. Come on Mr. Grant.
Action Bronson – Mr. Wonderful
Action Bronson wasn't a name that I'd ever heard before going to Bestival in the summer. Sixty minutes later, after a recommendation from a friend, I was a fan. The record is great and the live performance is even better. Check them out!
Beach House – Depression Cherry
Before seeing them live at The Ritz in October, I had no intention of including this record in my albums of the year list. Seeing the tracks live give Depression Cherry a new lease of life however and now it sits in here rather comfortably.
Benjamin Clementine – At Least For Now
At Least For Now won the Mercury Prize and rightfully so. A beautiful, weird, catchy and personal album that tugs at the heartstrings and yet also uplifts. Earned its place in this list on the first listen.
Bjork – Vulnicura
I've always been a fan of Bjork but usually of certain tracks over entire albums. This album changed that however and is firmly one of my favourites of the year. They also a bloody joy to watch when they played Castlefield Bowl in the summer.
Blur – The Magic Whip
When The Magic Whip was first announced, I had no expectations from it at all. Surprisingly though, it's actually bloody good! A strong first single in ‘Go Out' helped matters too
Chvrches – Every Open Eye
Everybody knew that following up The Bones of What You Believe was going to be tough, but Chvrches managed to do it with this new record. It may not be as good, but it's still an incredibly strong record. A record that was made much stronger by seeing it live.
City Calm Down – In A Restless House
Outside of the two songs featured on TMB, their debut record features a few other strong tracks. If you like your Manchester bands then City Calm Down are going to be up your street.
Courtney Barnett – Sometimes I Sit and Think, and Sometimes I Just Sit
This record was always one that I enjoyed as a whole but tracks such as ‘Elevator Operator' and ‘Dead Fox' were the ones that stood out. After seeing them live last month though, the focus has totally shifted over to ‘Small Poppies' and ‘Kim's Caravan'. Overall, just a wonderful record.
Deerhunter – Fading Frontier
From the moment this was released it was being touted by all kinds of publications as the record of the year. It never quite hit those heights for me, but it's certainly a great album and one that you should give some attention to if you haven't already.
EL VY – Return to the Moon
Before listening to it, you could be forgiven for thinking that Return to the Moon might just little more than some kind of The National B-Side record. It's much more than that. Some of Berninger's best lyrics live on the album… it's seriously good.
Father John Misty – I Love You, Honeybear
From the moment that this album begins it grabs your attention and it doesn't let go until the closing moments of ‘I Went To The Store One Day'. Contains the excellent ‘Bored in the USA' and my live song of the year ‘The Ideal Husband'. See them live if you haven't already.
FKA Twigs – M3LLI55X
The first EP of the list. It's only five tracks long but all five are top quality. A sign that there's still a lot more to come from the woman formally known as Twigs.
Flo Morrissey – Tomorrow will be Beautiful
There's a bit of a running theme with the list this year. Live shows. That's of no exception here. I quite liked Tomorrow before I went to see Flo preform live. Since then, it's been on a couple of times a week.
Gaz Coombes – Matador
Having actually been sent this record in 2014 and it being released in January, Matador was almost omitted purely because I forgot it was out this year. A sign that Gaz Coombes is on the right track since leaving Supergrass and a sign that record #3 will be better again.
Gengahr – A Dream Outside
A debut that deserved to get a lot more attention than it did. One of the UK acts I'll be keeping an eye on the most in the future.
Grimes – Art Angels
I'll be the first to admit that I'd never quite ‘got' the hype around Claire Boucher, or Grimes as she's better known, but I began to understand with this record. A strong record that is bursting with potential singles. Excited to see them live in the new year.
Jamie xx – In Colour
The best electronic album of the year, no questions asked. Puts on a great live show and the record never fails to lift the spirit. For me anyway.
Joanna Newsom – Divers
My thoughts on Joanna Newsom were actually always pretty similar to those of Bjork. I really liked the odd song from Newsom but the albums never grabbed me. Divers changed all of that.
Kendrick Lamar – To Pimp a Butterfly
Come on… this was always going to be in the list. If it was a numbered list, this record would be in the top 3 for sure. It became a classic almost the moment it was released. Is it better than Good Kid, m.A.A.d City? It's a tough one!
Mac DeMarco – Another One
Again. Not technically an album, but it was released this year and it's great. In fact, it is quite possibly the best work that DeMarco has done yet.
Marika Hackman – We Slept at Last
Obviously going to be included. Been listening to the record from when it came out and still listening to it now. One of the easiest inclusions.
Matthew E White – Fresh Blood
Fresh Blood is a record full of sultry, easy listening tracks. Perfect for listening to while doing a variety of things, such as cooking, driving, writing and even listening to music. My surprise package of the year. Get on it.
Mura Masa – Someday Somewhere
Pre September, I'd never even heard the name Mura Masa. Best band that I saw at Bestival and one of the best releases of the year. Looking forward to the inevitable album.
Nathaniel Rateliff & The Night Sweats – Self-Titled
One of the surprise packages of the year. Nathaniel Rateliff is a successful singer-songwriter by trade, but then here they appeared out of no-where with The Night Sweats and unleashed the track S.O.B on the world. It began a rise that has been meteoric.
Of Montreal – Aureate Gloom
This record passed me by when it was released at the beginning of the year. I'm a big fan of OM but this just a bit too much everything we've heard before from them. It was during a Christmas drive that Aureate Gloom stood out to me though. Check out ‘Empyrean Abattoir', one of their best tracks!
Other Lives – Rituals
A great third record from a band that deserves to be bigger. They lose points because they didn't play up north on the tour though. Check out their tracks in the playlist.
Patrick Watson – Love Songs for Robots
I'm unable to write anything about Patrick Watson without being too glowing about them and I'm afraid this is no different here. The guy can't do any wrong in my eyes. Just listen to the record.
Richard Hawley – Hollow Meadows
A return to form for ol' Richard Hawley. I loved their early work but I couldn't quite get into the couple that they released before this one. If you like Coles Corner then you're going to love this. It's a beaut of a relaxing 45 minutes.
San Fermin – Jackrabbit
I've said a lot about this record already this year. If you've not seen any of it, all I can say is to give it a go. You won't be disappointed.
Sleater-Kinney – No Cities To Love
After a ten year hiatus No Cities To Love was a welcome return from Carrie Brownstein & Co. Battered it when it first came out but haven't given it a proper listen in a while. It deserves more than that.
The Staves – If I Was
Like the Gaz Coombes record, this one came out so early in 2015 that it feels as if it was more than 12 months ago. However, I still listen to this record often and so, unlike his, this one wasn't almost omitted.
Sufjan Stevens – Carrie & Lowell
A thoroughly lovely record. Not one to listen to on before a Saturday night out, but one that fills that time before you retire for each evening a hugely fulfilling manner. Probably my favourite record of the year, but this isn't a numbered list, so that doesn't matter.
Tame Impala – Currents
Is this the best Tame Impala record so far? Could very well be. Spans a number of different sounds for the band and also contains the tracks ‘Let It Happen', ‘Eventually' and ‘Yes I'm Changing'. Another one of those albums that would be at the top if this is been in numbered order.
Unknown Mortal Orchestra – Multi-Love
A record that was enjoyable in the early listens but by no means was a contender for a top slot. A Primavera performance changed all that though. If you get the chance to see them live, do it.
Will Butler – Policy
Will Butler temporarily stepped away from the hugely successful Arcade Fire and released this solo record in the early parts of 2015. It's not a classic by any means, but it has enough great tracks on it to leave a mark and make itself one of my favourites of this year.
Share this: Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
Pinterest
MUMBAI: BJP has fielded the maximum candidates ever for the Malegaon municipal corporation election, slated for May 24. The party has put candidates in 77 of the corporation's 84 seats, with over 45 of the contestants being Muslim. For BJP, this is a record number of tickets to Muslim candidates anywhere in the country in a single election. In the words of an observer, it looks like BJP is set to test the ‘Modi Wave' in a minority-dominated city.As for the others, Congress, the biggest party in Malegaon, has fielded 73 candidates, followed by the NCP-Janata Dal (Secular) combine, which has put 66 contestants in the fray. The Hyderabad-based and Asaduddin Owaisi-led All-India Majlis Ittehadul Muslimeen (AIMIM) is contesting in Malegaon for the first time, and has fielded 37 candidates. Shiv Sena has fielded 25 candidates.During the last Malegaon civic polls (2012), as many as 24 BJP candidates contested, but all lost, 12 losing their deposits.
Levallois-Perret, France
Patrick Balkany a déjà dit publiquement tout le mal qu'il pensait de la chambre régionale des comptes d'Ile-de-France. Le rapport qu'elle s'apprête à rendre public, et que France Bleu 107.1 a pu consulter en avant-première, ne risque pas d'arranger ses relations avec ses magistrats. Tout au long des 192 pages d'observations, ils étrillent la gestion du maire de Levallois (depuis 1983 avec une interruption entre 1995 et 2001). La ville la plus endettée de France (par habitants) est aussi le théâtre de nombreuses irrégularités de gestion. Petit florilège des méthodes comptables levalloisiennes parfois peu orthodoxes.
Un « oubli » de 117 millions d'euros dans les comptes
D'après la chambre, les comptes de Levallois comportent des anomalies significatives sur la période 2007 à 2013. Ils « ne donnaient pas une image fidèle de la situation financière » de la ville. Les exercices 2007, 2011 et 2012, présentés comme équilibrés étaient en réalité déficitaires. Des inscriptions comptables ont conduit la municipalité à « oublier » certaines opérations. Le cumul des « corrections » apportées par la chambre s'élève à près de 117 millions d'euros. Ces comptes administratifs auraient pu être annulés par la justice notent les magistrats qui signalent que la préfecture des Hauts-de-Seine effectuera des contrôles renforcés à l'avenir.
Les rectifications apportées par la CRC aux comptes de Levallois © Radio France
Une dette abyssale
Ce n'est pas une nouveauté, la ville de Levallois détient le record de France de l'endettement par habitant (8344€/hbt en 2014). Mais si Patrick Balkany a toujours prétendu que la capacité de remboursement de la ville était excellente, les juges de la CRC en sont moins convaincus. Levallois a du fortement augmenter ses impôts (+ 10%) en 2015 pour boucler son budget et la chambre évoque des « perspectives incertaines » en raison notamment d'un manque de maîtrise des charges. Par ailleurs, et contrairement à ce qu'a toujours affirmé Patrick Balkany, Levallois avait bien contracté des emprunts toxiques (auprès de Dexia et de la Société Générale) dont la renégociation a coûté plus de 17 millions d'euros à la ville.
Un conseiller « occulte »
Renaud Guillot-Corail est un proche de Patrick Balkany. Il a été directeur du développement économique de Levallois jusqu'en 2012, date de son départ à la retraite, atteint par la limite d'âge. Pourtant, en 2015, l'homme est toujours présent dans l'organigramme de la ville où il possède un bureau juste à côté de celui du maire et bénéficie d'une assistante, fonctionnaire de la commune. Les juges constatent que dans le même temps, une association satellite de la ville a vu son budget significativement augmenter pour atteindre 150 000€, « juste en dessous du seuil légal instaurant l'obligation de certification et de publication des comptes » notent les magistrats pour qui la manœuvre fait peu de doute. Cette association a permis de continuer à salarier cet homme clé du « système Balkany » dont le nom a souvent été cité dans les « affaires africaines » du maire de Levallois qui intéressent aujourd'hui la justice.
Des cadres particulièrement soignés et un bataillon de chauffeurs
Les responsables de l'administration de la ville de Levallois n'ont manifestement pas à se plaindre de leur traitement. Il est, à en croire les juges, généreux à un point qu'il excède les plafonds en vigueur dans bien des domaines. Certains d'entre eux bénéficient de primes et d'heures supplémentaires irrégulières qui peuvent atteindre plusieurs milliers d'euros par mois. Quatre d'entre eux bénéficient d'un logement de fonction, mais touchent dans le même temps une prime spécifique d'astreinte réservée aux personnels… qui ne disposent pas de logement de fonction ! Certains directeurs bénéficient également de véhicules de fonction (qui n'étaient pas déclarés) alors qu'ils n'y ont pas le droit. A noter que la ville de Levallois emploie trois chauffeurs : un pour Patrick Balkany, un pour Isabelle, sa femme et première adjointe, et un pour les autres élus. Un autre employé municipal cumule les fonctions de chauffeur et de garde du corps du maire, fonction plutôt rare dans une commune de 65000 habitants.
Un service communication « bis »
Les 18 salariés de l'association « Levallois communication » ont particulièrement retenu l'attention des juges. Dotée d'un confortable budget de plus de 2 millions d'euros provenant essentiellement de la subvention communale, cette structure est symptomatique d'une spécialité levalloisienne : abriter dans des associations loi 1901 des services travaillant à l'usage exclusif de la ville. Ce qui a entre autres avantages de brouiller les pistes comptables et de rester discret sur leurs destinations réelles. La chambre note que ses « activités sont indissociables de celles menées par la direction de la communication de la commune ». Ses salariés « sont complètement mélangés aux 27 fonctionnaires communaux » constatent les juges, constituant un pôle communication d'une dimension rare pour une ville de cette taille. La chambre demande la remunicipalisation de ses activités. La gestion d'autres associations bénéficiant de généreuses subventions est également épinglée.
© Radio France
Où l'on reparle de Bygmalion…
Enfin, last but not least, les juges se sont intéressés à un marché « d'accompagnement et de conseil en communication » passé en janvier 2012 avec Bygmalion, la société mise en cause dans l'affaire du financement de la campagne présidentielle de Nicolas Sarkozy. Les juges notent que la procédure d'appel d'offres « a cherché à favoriser l'attributaire ». Bygmalion proposait pourtant des prix largement supérieurs à ses concurrents. La chambre émet des doutes sur les conditions de passation de ce marché constatant que bizarrement, la direction de la communication n'y a pa été associée. Mais surtout, les prestations que Bygmalion prétend avoir réalisées pour la ville de Levallois sont qualifiées « d'incertaines » par les magistrats qui ont eu toutes les peines du monde à obtenir des preuves de leur réalité. La ville a payé 218029€ à cette société proche de l'UMP de l'époque pour « la mise à disposition de consultants ». Mais elle n'a pu fournir comme trace de leur intervention que de vagues diaporamas qui auraient pu être remis à n'importe quelle commune ou des documents sans objet avec le marché. Aucun compte rendu de réunion, aucun procès verbal de réception n'existant, la chambre « s'interroge sur la régularité de la passation et de l'exécution de ce marché » lancé alors que les coûts de la campagne présidentielle de Nicolas Sarkozy commençaient à déraper. Une enquête a été ouverte en 2014, suite au dépôt d'une plainte contre X pour détournement de fonds publics, par l'association des contribuables de Levallois.
The city of Santa Monica recently installed nearly 20,000 square feet of rubber sidewalk at 232 sites citywide. (Photo courtesy: SMGov.net)
— A plan to transform the way the city of Los Angeles designs and repairs sidewalks could take a big step Wednesday toward becoming law.
A City Council committee will review a proposal by Councilman Bob Blumenfield for alternative materials that will withstand damage from tree roots and absorb less heat to be used in fixing sidewalks.
Blumenfield introduced the measure in February (PDF) instructing the Bureau of Street Services (BSS) to model the program – which would use concrete alternatives including rubber panels, recycled mixed plastic materials, and poured rubber materials – after a similar plan in Santa Monica, which launched its own sidewalk repair program in 2000.
Since then, Santa Monica has installed approximately 20,000 square feet of rubber sidewalk, according to Blumenfield's office.
Implementing alternative materials would cost taxpayers between $24 and $32 per square foot, according to Blumenfield's motion. City officials estimated about 4,600 miles of sidewalks need repair.
Blumenfield told KNX 1070's Dick Helton the cost of replacing traditional concrete will ultimately save taxpayers money.
The harrowing journey of Joel and Ellie will forever be etched in our minds, it's a story about regular people thrust into an impossible situation and the difficult choices one must make in order to survive. Naughty Dog truly crafted a masterpiece that will continue to set the standard for interactive storytelling in games but are they finished with Joel and Ellie's story? I think so. What more could you do with them?
I suppose we can follow them to Tommy's and see how they adjust to this new, safer environment. We can see how Ellie grows up and how they deal with Joel's lies about the fireflies; if they ever finds out. Maybe Tommy's makeshift fortress gets overrun and infiltrated by an army of Hunters or maybe someone gets bitten and doesn't tell anyone? What if Joel dies and teenage Ellie is forced to leave Tommy's place after it gets uninhabitable?
All of these scenarios are very compelling and many fans would be delighted to play as Ellie again for a full 15-hour campaign but wouldn't Naughty Dog be writing themselves into a corner by doing so? How can we further expand the universe Naughty Dog created and dig deeper into the outbreak if we're only focusing on Ellie's journey? Making a sequel allows Naughty Dog to tackle the outbreak in a completely different perspective. We can follow a mother and their kids, a hunter that is conflicted, or maybe a newly-wed couple who have to spend their first years of marriage in turmoil as the outbreak begins.
Naughty Dog can even center the new cast in the same timeline as Joel and Ellie's adventure and give us a whole different perspective on the outbreak. It would be even cooler if during our journey we see Joel and Ellie going through their journey but from a distance; not only would it be nostalgic but a great callback to remind us that Joel and Ellie weren't the only ones trying to survive this horrific incident.
The Joel and Ellie story was very self-contained and it was told masterfully from start to finish. The stories that would follow them post-campaign would be interesting but it would never hold the same weight or have the same impact of the first one. We need new characters dealing with the outbreak but on a much smaller scale. It doesn't get any bigger than the scale of The Last of Us with humankind's existence hinging on this 14-year old girl's survival. Naughty Dog has the talent to create a smaller story but with huge consequences.
Think of Cormac McCarthy's 2006 novel The Road, a disturbing post-apocalyptic tale detailing the harrowing journey of a father and their son as they trek across the ravaged landscapes of what's left of earth after an unspecified cataclysm wiped out almost all living things. It's a tale that is told over a period of months as they struggle to survive in this new reality where no one can be trusted and food is at its scarcest. Neil Druckman, writer of The Last of Us, references The Road quite a bit when they talk about the inception of the game and how it helped shape Joel and Ellie's struggle with dealing with a dying world.
It would be great to have a sequel just focus on two or three characters just dealing with this new reality. No overarching goal or humanity-saving objective, just pure human stories intertwined with the backdrop of this cordyceps virus. Hopefully, Naughty Dog can avoid the trappings of clichéd social drama that is so rampant on television shows like The Walking Dead or Revolution, and instead tell stories of how these people view this world and how they interact with each other as they survive day to day. The Walking Dead does an excellent job of setting the stage and atmosphere but it's hard to care about such a large roster of characters; many of which are downright unlikeable.
Naughty Dog can also tell the story from the very beginning of the outbreak. The Last of Us touched on this for a tiny bit at the beginning but then flash-forwarded to 20 years later. To me personally, the most interesting parts of apocalyptic or post-apocalyptic stories are the beginning and how people deal with it from the very start. This would be a great angle to explore further and longer in a sequel since the very short segment in The Last of Us intro was quite good. We can learn so much about the new characters by seeing what they did and how they were before the outbreak and how the pandemic gradually changes them into different people. It could be a very compelling storytelling technique instead of flash-forwarding.
Whatever happens with the sequel, it's safe to say that Naughty Dog will certainly deliver a powerful and memorable story. The Last of Us has been very successful for Sony with the remastered edition selling over 1 million copies. There will definitely be a sequel. But will see Ellie again? And if we will, is they on their own or back with Joel? Here's hoping we get new characters and a completely new perspective on the outbreak. After all, wouldn't you like to know what else was happening during Joel and Ellie's journey?
Kids need to agree to 120+ pages of EULAs in order to watch BluRay Sleeping Beauty
Over on Boing Boing Gadgets, our John notes that watching Sleeping Beauty on Blu-Ray requires that you accede to over 120 pages of legal garbage in various EULAs before you can start the movie.
Disney has a sickness when it comes to abusive EULAs and contracts. I once had to cancel a speech at Imagineering because the legal department wanted me to sign something saying that I'd never use the word "Disney" in print again without permission. The Laugh Factory attraction at Disney World's Tomorrowland had a ridiculous EULA on a sign (you agreed to the terms by passing under the sign) (!) in which you promised that any jokes you suggested were your own and that you would indemnify Disney from any copyright suits arising from the telling of the jokes (the sign was not a joke). As though eight year olds can form contracts (they can't), by standing under signs (they can't), and as though most jokes people tell are original (they aren't).
People worry that Disney trains their kids to grow up to be princesses and whatnot, but that's nothing next to the risk that watching Sleeping Beauty on Blu-Ray will lead your kids to believe that it's normal to have to agree to hundreds of pages of garbage every time you want to experience culture. Imagine how awful their dinner-parties will be!
Sleeping Beauty Blu-Ray requires viewers to agree to 57-page EULA
Discuss this on Boing Boing Gadgets
A New Orleans firefighter was shot and killed while leaving a Memphis nightclub early Saturday morning (Aug. 26), New Orleans Fire Department officials said in a press release.
Gregory Howard, 36, was in Memphis for a basketball tournament for first responders and law enforcement when they were caught in the crossfires of a shootout at the Mynt Lounge around 2 a.m., according to Memphis police.
Shelby County Capt. Chris Harris said a group of people were kicked out of the club after confronting the DJ about the music, The Commercial Appeal reported. Outside, at least two shooters fired into the crowd, one of their bullets striking Howard.
A husband and father of two, Howard was a firefighter with New Orleans Fire Department for nine years, officials said. According to Memphis Police, investigators are looking for at least two suspects but no arrests have been made.
Correction: An earlier version of this story incorrectly stated Gregory Howard was 37. They were 36.
Obama Campaign Manager Mocks Latinos
Today leftist halfwit and pasty white gringo Dana Milbank wrote a column decrying the GOP's lack of pandering to the Latino community. Of course, the Obama administration has such a fantastic record of promising everything to Latinos, and giving us nothing.
Then, in a stroke of fantastic arrogance, they end with this insulting line:
“The chimichanga? It may be the only thing Republicans have left to offer Latinos.”
Amazing – imagine if a conservative pundit had made that exact observation, or any other stereotypical comment about another racial group. We would be awash in howls to have them strung up by their heels.
Instead, to make things worse, Obama's 2012 campaign manager, Jim Messina, tweeted the following in approval:
Line of the day from WAPO's Dana Milbank: “The chimichanga? It may be the only thing Republicans have left to offer Latinos.” — Jim Messina (@Messina2012) February 15, 2012
What incredible arrogance would cause these idiots to disdain Latinos? It's the same grown out of the knowledge that no matter how many Democrats promise Latinos, and how little they deliver, they will count on their vote, as if we're beaten dogs returning to their master. Let them know you don't appreciate this insult to Latinos, whatever race you are:
and:
~~~ UPDATE ~~
In response to the furor, Messina says dismissively,
Tweeting someone else's words caused a stir, but the GOP is on the wrong side of every Hispanic voter priority:bit.ly/A6BTk4 — Jim Messina (@Messina2012) February 15, 2012
Except… the NUMBER ONE ISSUE for Hispanics is JOBS, and the Economy, and Obama's support is collapsing among Hispanics, as more and more of us are beginning to see through the pandering and arrogant attitude of this administration.
Here is your chance to own your very own piece of greased lightning. Well, not the Greased Lighting, it's actually the black, flamed 1949 Mercury convertible that races against John Travolta in the classic 1978 movie Grease, and it's for auction on eBay Motors While it appeared in the film's exciting drag race in a Los Angeles storm drain, the hot rod was reportedly lost until last year, when the seller found it as a shell. They verified that it was the actual car with original builder, Eddie Paul, and sent the car for a complete restoration.The auction includes original parts like the exhaust tips used in the movie and bent bumper from when it hit Travolta's car in the scene. The restorer recreated the scorpion stickers on the doors, razor hubcaps and license plate. They also installed a 1949 Mercury 255-cubic-inch (4.2-liter), flathead V8 and three-speed manual transmission with overdrive.The car comes a letter of authenticity from Paul and other documents verifying that it appears in the movie. The seller claims that this is the only car from Grease that is privately owned.The auction currently sits at just over $100,000, but the car's reserve price hasn't been met yet. There are four days left, so there's still time for you to enjoy some warm summer nights in this hot rod with your own Sandy or Danny Zuko.
Bike theft, an activity pursued by the scummiest of scum in our society. 8 times out of ten a bike thief will sliver into the shadows like the rodents they are, with your beloved bicycle in tow – never to be seen. But as lady karma would have it, once in a while a thief will fall victim to the error of their ways.
Meet Ben Jaconelli, London dweller and keeper of a high-end GoCycle electric bike worth £2,500. Despite the fact their two wheeled ride was securely locked and only left unattended for 20 minutes, their GoCycle was stolen.
Usually, that would be the end of it. They would notify the police, they would give a spill about how the chances of retrieving their stolen bike are next to nil, and poor Ben would have to go purchase a new ride. Well on this occasion, Mr bike thief had stolen from the wrong dude, as Mr. Jaconelli is the owner of FullyCharged.com and an authorised dealer of the GoCycle bicycle.
Not too long after their electric bike was stolen, the unnamed bike thief realised a high-end electric bike is a little useless without a charger. Not long after Mr. Jaconelli's bike was stolen, they got a call from the thief, enquiring about a charger for a GoCycle. Connecting the dots, Mr. Jaconelli took down as many details about the thief as possible and tracked them down.
Mr. Jaconelli arrived at the thieves house with three pals. The bike thief was out but their mother was there; they called them and asked why they needed an electric bike charger? Not like they own's an electric bike.
A minute later the bike thief called Mr. Jaconelli asking why they were at their house, to which they replied “you stole my bike”. They hung up and 20 minutes later the bike arrived at Mr. Jaconelli warehouse in a taxi.
If only all stolen bike stories ended this way.
Don't forget that as a Cyclescheme particiapnt you can save 10% on bike insurance with Cycleguard. Just head over to www.cycleguard.co.uk/cs to find out more!
The Cyclr Editorial Series is exclusive to Cyclescheme and produced by Cyclr.com – Cyclr is a lifestyle destination that delivers the latest on indie cycling brands, and bike design and innovation.
Read more Cyclr articles at Cyclr.com
Download your free copy of the Cyclr Digital Magazine at Cyclr.com/digital-magazine
Why the $60 level 90 boost in World of Warcraft is vital
The very concept of an MMO, a giant game that grows over time, demands an option for both new players and veterans to get to the newest content as fast as possible. Sometimes that means speeding the leveling process by tweaking the rate you earn experience points, and other times it means re-designing an entire portion of the game to make it faster and more enjoyable. But with microtransactions slipping their way into non-free-to-play games lately, a third option is now available.
For Blizzard that means charging you $60 to boost one World of Warcraft character to level 90, the game's current level cap. Pre-orders of the next expansion, Warlords of Draenor, which by the developer's history will likely be around $40, will include a level 90 boost too. Once Warlords of Draenor arrives, the level cap will be 100.
In the past, the majority of new content was added to the end of World of Warcraft. You had to be sitting at the level cap to participate in things like dungeons and raids and new player-versus-player zones. Blizzard's incentive to re-visit the leveling content was new races and classes with their own unique starting areas. It wasn't until Cataclysm that the old content from the game's 2004 launch was remade, or destroyed in the fiction. Cataclysm was a smart way to redesign the oldest parts of the game to adhere to the refined design philosophies Blizzard learned with each expansion. It was also probably exhausting and time consuming, considering Cataclysm also had to deliver on end-game content too.
Right now, getting to level 90 takes roughly a few weeks. And that's an estimate based on playing the game consistently every day. If real life gets in the way, it might take a month or more. Keep in mind, a month of World of Warcraft costs $15.
I don't have the knowledge to break down the economics of why Blizzard chose $60, but for someone like me, who has been in several situations where I've wished there was a way I could get one of my characters to the level cap by paying a fee, the price is fair. It's not just because after playing the game for a few years the leveling process gets boring, it can be something like a guild needing a class for game's most-challenging content, or something as simple as finding your current character stale and wanting something new. Or even a new player looking to play with friends quickly.
It's expensive for a reason. World of Warcraft couldn't handle an influx of players who bought $30 max-level characters. It would bloat the end-game player-base with people who may not have the required experience to withstand the game's more challenging boss fights. They need a considerable barrier-to-entry. The option seems geared toward returning players and those who have been playing for a while.
MMOs suffer as soon as their new content releases get slower and the players stop playing. Now, there's an option to keep you playing or to get you back. You could play the game similar to a standard, $60 game by re-subscribing and boosting a new character per expansion.
The level 90 boost is vital for a huge game like World of Warcraft. The boost might help its lower subscriber count, which as only recently turned around after steadily dropping for months. And while other MMOs currently offer ways to hasten leveling a new character, Blizzard's new offer could influence how upcoming games tackle the inherent problems with the genre.
Elisabetta Villa / Getty Images Watching these "Jersey Shore" goofballs might influence your smarts more than you realize, a new study suggests. Oh, dear.
Take note, fans of mindless reality shows like "Jersey Shore": New research suggests watching something dumb might make you dumber. In other words, you are what you watch.
It's called media priming -- the idea that the things we watch or listen to or read influence our emotions and our behavior, perhaps more than we realize. This particular study may be the first to use fictional characters in a narrative to show an effect on people's cognitive performance, says lead author Markus Appel, a psychologist at Austria's University of Linz.
In an experiment, volunteers were told to read a fake screenplay about a character they refer to as a "foolish soccer hooligan." (A subsequent finding of the study: Austrians are adorable.) The story describes a day in the life of a man named Meier: They wake up, reads (and misunderstands) the message in an inspiration-of-the-day calendar, meets their friends in a bar and gets very drunk. Meier then goes to a soccer game, gets into a fight and comes home to crash; they sleep through the next day. (Substitute the soccer game for a nightclub, and you have something very similar to the televised daily shenanigans of Snooki or The Situation.)
Some of the 81 volunteers were instructed to read a longer version of the "soccer hooligan" story, while others read a shorter version -- and the control group read a rather boring story in which Meier does nothing stupid. Then researchers gave the volunteers a multiple choice general knowledge test, including questions like, "What is the capital of Libya?" and "What kind of speed is expressed by the letter 'c' in physics?" and "Who painted La Guernica?"
To be fair, these are tough questions to answer sans-Internet regardless of whether you've just watched something vapid like "Toddlers and Tiaras." But, as the researchers write, "participants who read a narrative about a stupidly acting soccer hooligan performed worse in the knowledge test than participants who read a narrative about a character with no reference to their intellectual abilities.
"The present study is, to our knowledge, the first to show media priming effects of story characters on cognitive performance," they explain in the report, which was published online this month in the journal Media Psychology.
Think you're too smart to be influenced by the media you consume? That's cute. Anything we see -- a person on the street, an ad on TV, a character in a movie -- has some influence on our next thoughts, emotions or actions, simply because it's top of mind, says Joanne Cantor, a psychologist and member of the American Psychological Association who has studied the emotional and behavioral effect of TV and movies.
“What you've been thinking about recently or seeing recently (is) at a higher level in your consciousness, so your brain is kind of predisposed in that direction,” says Cantor, professor emerita of communication arts and outreach director center for communication research at the University of Wisonsin-Madison. “So if you've just seen a movie about really altruistic people and you get an opportunity to behave altruistically, you'll probably do it, rather than if you've just seen a movie about selfish people." (So fans of "It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia" aren't particularly charitable? Noted.)
Cantor explains that empathetic people are likely to be especially affected by media priming. "But also, people who expose themselves to TV more are probably going to be more affected,” they say. Something to think about next time you find yourself lured into an hours-long marathon of your favorite reality show. On the other hand, some of us could likely use more gym and laundry, if not tanning, in our lives.
Have you ever noticed a TV show, movie or book influencing your emotions or behavior -- in a positive or negative way? Leave a comment telling us about what happened.
Follow msnbc.com health editor Melissa Dahl on Twitter: @melissadahl.
More from Body Odd:
Related:
John Kerry's daughter was at the center of a look at the State Department's finances published by The Daily Caller on Monday which details how more than $9 million in Peace Corps funds were granted to the politician's daughter's non-profit program without hearing any other options.
Using State Department and Peace Corps documents, the news site revealed how Dr. Vanessa Kerry's organization, Seed Global Health, had been awarded the money over a seven-year period.
The first contract was granted to them by the Peace Corps in 2012 when John was serving as Senate Committee on Foreign Relations chairperson. It totaled $2 million. This initial grant for Kerry's group was later expanded which, including other money the group secured from elsewhere in the State Department, totaled an additional $1 million.
Three years later, John's daughter had Seed's contract extended for five years, bringing in another $6.4 million from the Peace Corps. By this time, Kerry had already taken their position as the head of the State Department.
Also notable, in 2014, John's daughter managed to earn $140,000 for their 30 hours a week of work at the non-profit.
As we obsess about Hillary's health, Sec of State Kerry funneled millions to daughter Vanessa's foundation. pic.twitter.com/BIB6LZ19Am — Dr.Linda Schmidt (@LindaSchmidt12) September 13, 2016
Memos from meetings between John's daughter and Peace Corps officials show that the process was “fast tracked and non-competed through a specific grant mechanism.” Daily Caller claims the Global Health Service Partnership (GHSP) was then “buried,” citing a memo from one of the meetings that referred to it as “a smaller line item in a multi-page document with multi-million dollar programs.”
None of the contracts for Peace Corps funds were met with competing proposals. Daily Caller emphasized that this last contract handing out more State Department money, approved in September 2015, was unprecedented as such arrangements are not typically carried out for more than five years without hearing alternatives.
Though the documents did not reveal a specific reason for why this rule was overlooked, others suggest that money already poured into the program to train upcoming placements would go to waste if Seed funding was axed. Furthermore, the Peace Corps was unaware of another organization that “satisfied the needs of the (GHSP) program.”
Kerry's daughter's program brings medical professionals and young doctors and nurses in training to Sub-Saharan Africa to confront public health crises in the countries of Malawi, Tanzania, and Uganda. It also offers debt forgiveness of up to $30,000 to successful applicants who may be prevented from fulfilling their slot in the program because of financial need. Peace Corps funds account for 27 percent of the non-profit's $6.3 million annual budget.
Representatives from the State Department, Seed Global Health, and the Peace Corps were all able to comment to The Daily Caller about the possible conflict of interest for John before the publication of the article. Mark Marino, a spokesperson from Dr. Kerry's non-profit, underlined the unique role that Seed plays in global health.
“Seed is the only organization that provides debt repayment for US doctors, nurses, and midwives to serve internationally, something Seed does entirely through private philanthropy. Seed specifically works in the areas of medical, nursing and midwifery education focused on human resource capacity building, making it different than many other non-government organizations.”
At the State Department, spokesperson John Kirby denied any influence from secretary Kerry in the allotting of funds. Specifically, they pointed out that while serving on the congressional committee, such money was actually funneled to PEPFAR, the President's Emergency Plan For AIDS Relief started under George W. Bush. From there, seven implementing agencies “directed funds through an interagency process.”
Kirby also emphasized the purpose for which the State Departments funds were passed from the Peace Corps to GHSP. John's daughter's organization was approved partially because it would help fill 140,000 health care worker quotas established by the initiative.
“The Peace Corps recommended the GHSP for funding support, and approval of that support went through the standard interagency budgeting and review process. The GHSP was one element supporting PEPFAR's Human Resources for Health Strategy, which was developed in part to meet the goal set by the U.S. Congress of 140,000 new health care workers trained by PEPFAR under its fiscal year 2009-2013 reauthorization.”
Do you think the Peace Corps funding for their daughter's non-profit shows nepotism at the State Department under John Kerry?
[Image via Chris Hondros/Getty Images]
‘Tis the season of rains, typhoons and surfing!
Published 8:00 PM, August 29, 2013
MANILA, Philippines - While clear skies and blue waters are scarce on beaches this rainy season, surfers — newbies and veterans alike — have more waves to ride, thanks to the winds brought about by monsoon and typhoons.
Now is the time to head over to famous surf spots like San Juan, La Union and the world-renowned Cloud 9 in Siargao, Surigao del Norte.
READ: Siargao among CNN's best surf spots
But for those who would like to try something different, below are some places you might want to check out. While seasoned surfers may already know these spots, beginners or those who have tried surfing only a few times may want to play with the waves here — and do some sightseeing, too!
1. Liwliwa, San Felipe, Zambales
For Manila-based surfers and newbies, Liwliwa is convenient for a weekend getaway. Closer to Manila than the more famous surf spot in La Union, here you will find long beaches of volcanic ash, mountains, sunsets and, of course, waves!
You might find new friends, too, when you crash in one of the hammocks or bunk beds of a hostel for backpackers. Their policy: “No strangers here.”
READ: The waves of Zambales
2. Pagudpud, Ilocos Norte
Yes, Ilocos Norte is not only about windmills, churches, lighthouses and white beaches. The popular Blue Lagoon in Pagudpud is actually a spot not just for the usual surfers but also for kite surfers.
While the sea won't probably be blue this rainy season, you can count on some great waves.
Here's a surf video shot in Blue Lagoon:
3. Gubat, Sorsogon
Known internationally for its whale sharks, Sorsogon has almost become synonymous with these gentle giants.
But a few hours away from Donsol's whale sharks are the almost-deserted beaches of Gubat, where you can walk for kilometers on the powdery dark sand and barely see other people. Here, you will always have your own wave to ride and not worry about bumping into other surfers.
Watch the local Gubat surfers in action; you can even ask them to teach you a thing or two.
Get to know some of the Gubat surfers here:
There are plenty of sights to check out less than an hour away from Gubat. Visit the old Spanish church and ruins at Barcelona, Gubat's neighbor, and take a dip at Bayugin Falls in Bulusan.
You may also paddle a boat or kayak at Bulusan Lake.
4. Puraran, Baras, Catanduanes
With Catanduanes being the usual gateway of typhoons to the Philippines, you can just imagine how big the waves here are. The waves are not exactly recommended for newbies during typhoon season, but those who dare can give them a try.
The waves are so overwhelming at Puraran Beach that two Australian surfers named them “Majestic.”
For beginners not up to the ride, all is not lost — Puraran has unspoiled white beaches and rugged rock formations, among other natural attractions.
Check out the sights in Puraran in this video:
5. Calicoan, Guiuan, Eastern Samar
Eastern Visayas [not just Eastern Samar] is an off-the-beaten path destination worth exploring, with its beaches, caves, waterfalls and more. Surfer or not, one should pay a visit to this lesser-known region of the Visayas.
Eastern Samar: Surfing's last frontier
Aside from relatively unexplored white beaches, Calicoan Island has great waves. There is also a surf camp for beginners.
See more of Calicoan here:
6. Cantilan, Surigao del Sur
Far down south of the Philippines are more swells that occasionally bring the perfect wave. One of them is Cantilan. Since this province is not exactly tourist central, travelers can delight in its pristine islands. Like Calicoan, there are also surf camps here.
Here are some shots from the 2012 surfing competition at Cantilan:
7. Dahican, Mati, Davao Oriental
Dahican Beach offers excellent waves for surfers and skimboarders alike. And, it doesn't hurt that it has a seemingly endless stretch of white beach either — 7 kilometers!
Prepare to rough it and camp on the sands if you want to stay overnight in this paradise. You can keep company with the Amihan Boys, Dahican's homegrown surfers and skimboarders. You can surf with them and ask them for tips.
See more of Dahican here:
For those who want to see more surf spots in the Philippines, check out this list. - Rappler.com
You can also read:
Claire Madarang is a writer, traveler and seeker. Them wanderlust takes them on adventures like backpacking for 7 weeks straight. Them seeking leads them to different wellness practices like meditation and healthy (mostly vegetarian) eating. Follow their adventures, tips and epiphanies at their blog, Traveling Light.
favorite favorite favorite
The immense muse of Egypt is played out beautifully and recorded accordingly for this show. Drop dead instrumentals, love that harpsichord effect on keys. And voices? Holey moley, even Jerry and Donna can be heard doin these growls, the best growls ever in my listening pleasure recollection.
Jerry's heartfelt performance of Peggy-O brought on for me a link to Peg O' My Heart; and by that I mean the raw yet gentle wistfulness of Peggy-O's story, not that the Dead actually played or mushed with that old-timey gem. The feelings of the music were expressed that clearly.
Gosh, the only thing ya could ask for would be the video. One can only imagine the imagery conjured by the gal who did the lights for the show,which I understand to have included gaining access to the special colored lights the facility shines on the pyramids for their own regularly scheduled light show at night in the desert.
- August 19, 2014Growlin Gratitude
We've been seeing a lot of signs that Faraday Future is in trouble. Since the clumsy introduction of the FF91 at CES last year, the startup has cancelled its ambitious factory plans, reportedly missed payments, and suffered the departure of numerous executives. It shouldn't come as a surprise that the company has some internal problems, but, as The Verge reports in an article called “Burn Out: Inside Faraday Future's financial house of cards,” sheds light on just how dysfunctional the company is.
The Verge talked to anonymous sources, 10 former employees and another person “close to the company” for the report. They detail the efforts of an investor, Jia Yueting, to “shadow manage” Faraday Future. They talk about how funds the company brought in were spent immediately, and how “the books and records were in bad shape.” They say many more employees are planning to leave the country.
Based on the stories of these former employees, as well as public documents, it doesn't appear that Faraday Future will be running smoothly any time soon. Financial mismanagement and a number of lawsuits could keep the company in chaos for some time. Read all about it at The Verge.
Gingrich Productions
May 12, 2017
Newt Gingrich
To receive Newt's weekly newsletters, click here.
Just last week I wrote that I rarely review books, yet this week, with Mother's Day approaching, I find myself once again inspired to share another exceptional read with you. This one happens to be written by a member of our nation's first family, who is a mother of three herself.
Ivanka Trump's Women Who Work: Rewriting the Rules for Success was released last week and is already a New York Times Best Seller. It is a truly inspiring book that I encourage all Americans to read.
The book aims to help women everywhere find success by leading “one life” and prioritizing their goals and passions in a way that works best for them. However, much of Ivanka's advice about focusing on the things we care about most, keeping an optimistic outlook, building strong professional relationships, learning to communicate more effectively, and working hard in all of our endeavors is useful to both men and women.
At its core, Women Who Work is a guidebook to achieving the American dream written by a forward-thinking, innovative woman and business leader. Before joining their father in the White House, Ivanka was Executive Vice-President of Development and Acquisitions at the Trump Organization, where they oversaw the development of numerous Trump Hotels and the Scion brand. They also founded their own successful lifestyle and fashion brand.
The pages of Women Who Work are filled with ideas that any American could embrace to become more successful. The full scope is too great to detail here, so I will present it in a framework with which I'm familiar.
Much of Ivanka's advice echoes a leadership model that I have followed my entire career — “Listen, Learn, Help, Lead.” I picked it up from the Army's leadership doctrine in 1979, but it seems that Ivanka intuited its principles on their own. That's no surprise, given the tremendous success of both them and their family.
Here is an example Ivanka gives about the value of listening and learning:
“You can ask intelligent questions all day long, but if you're not listening — really listening and processing the information someone is sharing — you can't learn.
“As a generation, we've stopped listening. We tend to rush to speak first or make our own point without truly hearing what the other party has to say. We have two ears and one mouth — use them in that proportion!”
This is really the foundation for being successful. If we fail to slow down and absorb knowledge, then we can't build on that knowledge. The next step is determining how to apply this knowledge in order to achieve our goals. Invariably, this often means working with other people.
Ivanka rightly points out that by narrowing in on the skills in which we each excel, we can more effectively look for and create opportunities to apply these skills in team settings, improving the team's productivity, effectiveness, and results.
“At the beginning of my career, I believed that success was an individual pursuit. Since my parents had instilled such a solid work ethic in my brothers and me, I just assumed that that meant taking on as much as I could and doing it all well.
“Now I know that success is a team sport. I soon figured out that you can't be an expert at everything, and even if you think you are, you're likely spreading yourself too thin to effectively capitalize on the highest and best use of your skills—-those areas where you add unique value.”
Finally, Ivanka provides an entire chapter on leadership, which I found very insightful. The foundation of their leadership model is built on creating an environment that empowers creativity, honesty, unity, and action.
“I have extremely high expectations for myself and for my team. I want my employees to think of the greater organization; to support the smartest, most innovative ideas, no matter whose they are; and to help their colleagues, even when it isn't convenient to do so. I expect my team to be known for its honesty and directness, even—or especially—if that means admitting a mistake. I have seen us all grow, in our jobs and as people, by inspiring one another and celebrating team and individual accomplishments, big and small. I trust that everyone will face hard problems and big challenges with equal parts optimism and practicality; that they'll challenge the ‘it's what's always been done' attitude when they see a better way; that they'll continue to deliver world-class results even as the bar is set higher and higher.”
Citing an enormous, diverse group of experts in corporate training, psychology, entrepreneurship, communications, and other fields throughout the book, Ivanka set out with the goal of helping women find ways to improve their lives and careers in the world as it existed.
Now that Ivanka is a senior advisor in the White House, they will be able to expand the reach of their mission even further and help to enact policies that will have a profound effect on women, men, and families across America.
And since they are now in service to the country, a portion of the proceeds from book sales are being donated to charity.
I found the book especially interesting, because Ivanka began writing it before their father was elected president — around the time they won the Republican nomination. During that same period, I began conceptualizing my own book about the president called Understanding Trump, which will be released June 13.
Reading Ivanka's book provided me with further confirmation about how and why the Trump family is so successful. President Trump has instilled in their children an unfailing work ethic and a profound love for the country and the American dream. Women Who Work perfectly illustrates all of these qualities and would make a perfect gift for Mother's Day.
WEST LAFAYETTE, Ind. -- After being so close the previous three years finishing second, Purdue men's basketball head coach Matt Painter and Purdue fans everywhere broke through and won this year's Coaches Charity Challenge by the slimmest of margins over Iowa State head coach Fred Hoiberg and the Cyclone faithful.
For two weeks, the final four coaches of Painter, Hoiberg, Wichita State's Gregg Marshall and Michigan's John Beilein politicked the nation's college basketball fans for their votes to raise $100,000 for their designated charity. After two weeks, much like their basketball team, Painter rallied during the second half of the two weeks to overtake Hoiberg and claim $100,000 for the Smith Family BReaK Thru Fund. During the first week, the Boilermakers' head coach trailed by as much as eight percent, but they used a strong campaign to surge ahead early in the week, then held off every single charge by the man they call "The Mayor" in Ames, Iowa.
"I am very humbled to win $100,000 for the Smith Family BReaK Thru Fund and want to thank all the Purdue and college basketball fans everywhere for their participation in this fundraiser for all the coaches involved," Painter said. "The charity is for a very important cause and I hope that our involvement can help raise awareness as we continue to fight Niemann-Pick Type C Disease."
Painter finished the final round of voting with 47 percent, while Hoiberg, who was competing for the American Heart Association, was second at 46 percent. Marshall was third at four percent and Beilein was fourth at three percent. The three runner-up finishers won $15,000 for their respective charities.
The Smith Family BReaK Thru Fund is a West Lafayette-based organization whose mission is to fund research to fight Niemann-Pick Type C Disease (NPC). The fund was set up by a family with three children impacted by NPC, and has funded more than $250,000 in research at Purdue since its inception in 2008.
#BoilerUp
DALLAS - Carl Gunnarsson will make their Blues debut tonight in Dallas, where the team will face off with the Dallas Stars at 7:30 p.m. at American Airlines Center (FOX Sports Midwest, KMOX 1120 AM).
Gunnarsson has been rehabbing a hip injury sustained last season and was medically cleared to play recently. The injury required a six-month recovery period, so it's been awhile since he's seen game action.
“Usually you get a couple exhibition games in and it takes a couple of games to get in that 100 percent mode,” Gunnarsson said. “I guess I've got to work on stuff to get it back quicker than usual, but whatever it takes. It's just something you've got to get in the fire, burn yourself a little bit. That's how you get used to it.”
Gunnarsson describes themselves as an all-around player. Nothing flashy, more defense than offense. He's been getting a good look at the Blues' system from the press box, trying to get a feel for how they need to fit in.
“Whenever I've been watching games, it's been figuring out the (penalty kill), whatever system we're doing, breakouts and all that. It's a good way to try to learn,” Gunnarsson said. “That's the only thing you can do from up top. I've been trying to pick stuff up. …But it's another thing to execute it on the ice at game tempo, too. I just have to get in there. It's hockey. Just relax, play your game, stick to the system. Don't overthink stuff.”
Head Coach Ken Hitchcock said Gunnarsson would start on the third defensive pairing tonight, with the hope that after a few games, they move up to the second pairing.
“He's a smart player,” Hitchcock said. “I don't think he's overwhelmed by this. They just wants to get playing. We'll monitor their minutes and we expect to get good 5-on-5 minutes. I don't think we'll use them killing penalties yet, but we'll see how they look.”
OTT RETURNS
Steve Ott is no stranger to the Dallas area. They were drafted by the Stars in 2000 and spent ten seasons there before moving on to Buffalo and eventually St. Louis.
“It's emotional every time you play a team you grow up with,” Ott said. “I came into (the Stars) organization as a teenager and overnight, grew into a man being there. Obviously, Dallas holds a big piece of my heart in the sense of growing up, being a part of that organization and being treated so well by the fans and the community.
“But as soon as that puck drops, I know where my priorities stand.”
Ott has played in four regular season games against the Stars, three of which came after coming to the Blues via trade last February. Tonight is just their second regular season visit to American Airlines Center as an opposing player. They have 109 points (44 goals, 65 assists) in 284 career games in the Stars' building.
“Going into preseason this year and getting a few boo birds, it definitely felt pretty good," Ott said. "Hopefully I can rile them back up. If all those cheers over all the years turn into boos now, that's completely fine.”
STAR GAZING
The Stars (4-2-2) are coming off a 7-5 loss Saturday against the New York Islanders, but before that, collected points in five consecutive games.
Tyler Seguin leads the team with 13 points in eight games (six goals, seven assists). Newly-acquired Jason Spezza (11 points) and Jamie Benn (10 points) are a close second and third, respectively.
“They play with tempo. They play fast offensively,” Hitchcock said. “I think our puck management, if we play and control the puck the same way we did against Chicago, I think we'll play really well. You don't want to be trying lateral plays when you have the dynamics they have on their first two lines.”
The Stars rank fourth in the league in goals for with 28, but also rank 26th in goals against with 28.
BLUE NOTES
Paul Stastny (upper-body) skated with the team Monday and again today in Dallas, even taking a few face offs in practice. Hitchcock said they hope Stastny will be a full practice participant at the end of this week.
Vladimir Tarasenko and Ryan Reaves didn't participate in Monday's practice due to the illness circulating through the team, but both made the trip to Dallas. Hitchcock said they are feeling better, and both will be in the lineup tonight.
T.J. Oshie has two goals and two assists in their last four games against the Stars. Alex Pietrangelo has one goal and eight assists in their last 10 games vs. Dallas.
After months of probing, Ontario's Liberal government has released the audited expenses of a secret payment made to the public high-school teachers' union.
The Globe and Mail revealed last fall that the province paid three teachers' unions $2.5-million to support them with bargaining costs and get them to sign labour deals. The government handed $1-million each to the Ontario Secondary School Teachers' Federation and the Ontario English Catholic Teachers' Association, plus $500,000 to the smaller Association des enseignantes et des enseignants franco-ontariens.
The payments to the teachers union have been controversial. After initially saying it did not see the unions' receipts to verify bargaining expenses, the Liberals said they would seek an accounting.
Story continues below advertisement
The audited expenses of the OSSTF's payment, released by the Ministry of Education, included $391,110 for hotels, $141,075 for meals and $271,168 for travel. There were also expenses filed for meeting rooms and telephone, video and Internet services for the period from August, 2014, to the end of September, 2015.
Education Minister Liz Sandals has justified the payments by saying they were necessary to compensate the unions for the increased costs of bargaining, which became longer and more complicated after the Liberals put a two-step system in place. Larger matters such as salaries were negotiated between the government and central unions, while smaller issues were settled between individual school boards and union locals.
The government reached central deals with all the education unions in the fall, but not before a tough round of negotiations during which the public high-school teachers' union held strikes in the Toronto area and Northern Ontario, and the government legislated the teachers back to work.
There are still 240 local unions out of 473 that have not yet reached deals. The current contracts are for a three-year period, and are set to expire at the end of the August, 2017.
The government said it will release audited expenses of the payments to OECTA and the AEFO after the two unions complete local bargaining. It said the four associations representing school boards, which includes the Ontario Public School Boards' Association, received $11.6-million over three years for bargaining and to manage activities as a result of negotiations.
The union representing public elementary school teachers did not accept a payment.
The $1-million payment to the OSSTF was made despite the union's internal financial statements, obtained by The Globe, showed that it had substantial reserves for bargaining costs, political action and grievances. The member protection account's total balance at the end of the 2014 fiscal year – when the union began negotiating a new collective agreement with the province – was more than $65-million.
Story continues below advertisement
Story continues below advertisement
OSSTF president Paul Elliott did not respond to an e-mail on Tuesday requesting comment.
With a report from Adrian Morrow
Chevy Chase
SPOILER ALERT: If you haven't watched the Season 5 premiere of Community yet, do not read any further.
The return of Community executive producer Dan Harmon to the series they created — and then was fired from — was a shock enough. But fans of the show were in for another surprise Thursday night, as another exiled Community member made a brief return: Former co-star Chevy Chase.
In the Season 5 premiere, Chase's cantankerous Pierce Hawthorne shows up as a hologram in order to talk some sense into Jeff Winger (Joel McHale), who has tricked their pals into helping them take down Greendale Community College. The run-in with Pierce triggers a change of heart in Winger, who ultimately decides to help save Greendale from within as a new professor.
Chase famously departed Community at the end of Season 4 after expressing their unhappiness with the show, having once even called their participation a "big mistake." But Chase has also discussed their fondness of the show's cast, and although they and Harmon have had well-publicized run-ins, both the actor and producer have also said reports of a feud have been overblown.
Harmon tells TV Guide Magazine that they wanted to bring Chase back in a cameo, but that Chase's exit agreement with Sony Pictures Television, which produces Community, prevented the actor from actually setting foot on stage. That's why Harmon came up with the idea of bringing Pierce back as a hologram.
Inside Community's Surprise Return
"It was a question of, how do you include somebody that people want to see again that has actually been contractually bound not to be on set?" Harmon says. "We definitely needed something to turn Jeff as they were walking away with the power to end Greendale and end everything in their hand. It seemed appropriate that this would be a moment that Pierce, when they were still on the show, would have been a help. It was certainly the role they fulfilled in the original pilot. They were the first turning point in Jeff becoming a part of that family."
Harmon says they became determined to bring back Pierce in order to block Jeff's path. "I started with that image in my head of a blue Obi-Wan ghost of Chevy Chase. Why would that happen? How is that possible? And then you realize that Pierce is a millionaire and they have a history with the campus. So we thought, 'Maybe this is a way around this contract thing, the terms of their departure with the studio. Maybe we can get around that by shooting them separately in a goliath stage with Chevy-proof walls."
Sony gave its blessing, and Community shot Chase on a different stage with a motion control camera.
Asked if things were cool between them and Chase, Harmon calls the comedian "hilarious and one of a kind and a consummate soloist. He's somebody who, like me, doesn't deal well with people telling them what to do. Nobody appreciated that more than me and nobody had to deal with that more than me."
Harmon points out that they have worked with Chase longer than any TV other producer has worked with the Saturday Night Live alum. "We were very similar. And we still joke around on the phone with each other. People see in interviews them saying bad stuff about the show, but I just laugh and they always laugh."
News of a feud really took off after Harmon played some of Chase's angry voice mail messages at a comedy show. But Harmon says Chase "laughed during the whole voice mail thing. The part of the nice thing about these personalities and their part and my part is they come with relatively thick, resilient skin.
"He left that voice mail in a passionate mode and I played it for people in a passionate mode. The bigger picture is two guys who really, desperately know that they are nothing without people laughing at them. [We] really respect and appreciate each other for that fact."
The question remains, why was there wording in Chevy's exit that barred them from returning to the Community stage? Is that unusual that they can't even return to visit? "You'd have to talk to lawyers about that, I don't know," Harmon says. "That's what I was told, that it was a legal thing, it's a contract thing. I wasn't here when they left, so I don't know how that works. Talk to the suits, they love doing interviews, right?"
Subscribe to TV Guide Magazine now!
Martin's Boat
by Pete McBride
It is just past six a.m. and the dawn rays are kissing a frothy spray dancing above the rapid ahead. The wind and hundred-plus desert temperatures are still sleeping. That reprieve of gusty, furnacelike heat tempers my nerves little. My mouth is desert dry thanks to adrenaline coursing through my body. I try to focus on the sage advice the silverback boatman shared minutes earlier.
On shore, it all made sense, but as we slide over the lip of Lava Falls, mile 178 on the Colorado River inside the Grand Canyon, everything is more chaotic. It is my first time rowing a raft down this storied section of river. That alone is enough to send my heart into a fear-filled dance, but what complicates things is that rowing is secondary to making a short film about a river legend I've never met.
I'm running last in a flotilla shadowing the maiden voyage of a fiberglass dory—built amidst sweat and love over the last year—down this undammed 277-mile stretch of the “American Nile.” The goal is that this boat and the footage will remind many of the spirit of a guy who enabled river trips like this to exist today—Martin Litton.
We slip over the first cresting wave of Lava and see the river angrily detonating before us. On river left is “death and destruction,” as Martin once described the left line, and on the right, “eternal darkness.” Somewhere in the middle is a “silvery path,” but somehow, amidst the predawn scout, the filming and my nervous over-thinking, something has gone wrong.
When describing Martin Litton, many boatmen say, “he carried an angel on their shoulder,” which often rescued them from rapid ruin, even when they flirted with it.
I could use that angelic friend of Martin's now. A less than silvery path lay ahead. I'm way off course.
In 1939, Martin Litton first peered over the edge of the Grand Canyon. “It never occurred to me,” they said in a TV interview years later, “that I'd go on the river…you might as well go to the North Pole.” But a mere decade later, while working as a writer for the Los Angeles Times, they documented an expedition negotiating Lava Falls. By 1955 they were back, rowing a fiberglass cataract boat and by 1962, he'd imported Oregon drift boats, the original dories, to the canyon.
Despite the logistical advantages of inflatable boats (Martin preferred the aesthetic of dories) in 1971 an accidental river company blossomed—Grand Canyon Dories. With it came a deep voiced, wild boatman named Martin with an angel on their shoulder.
While many in the Grand Canyon know of Martin for their dories and legendary river tales, I grew up knowing them for something else. In the late 60s, Martin played a role in keeping the Grand Canyon free from two colossal dams—Marble Canyon and Bridge Canyon. Their impassioned speech to the Sierra Club board triggered David Brower to fight the Bureau of Reclamation.
Having grown up on the Colorado River and following its water challenges from the headwaters in Colorado to its dry delta in Mexico, the story of the Marble Canyon Dam defeat—was the quintessential David and Goliath. And as Brower put it, “Martin was my conscience” that steadfast fighter who refused to compromise.
I always wanted to meet Martin. I knew they were aging but when someone rows a dory through Lava Falls at the age of 87, you expect them to stick around for a while, possibly forever.
But sure enough, right when I was thinking it was time to meet this river-running legend and appear at their doorstep, Martin was gone. The hero of the Grand Canyon had rowed onward.
But last spring, I was invited to meet the spirit of Martin via some of the people who knew them best—his friends and river family—the boatmen and women who worked with him, grew up in their boathouse and carry their passion for the Grand Canyon forward.
For two weeks, I follow the newest dory in Martin's fleet—a sculpted piece of artwork dubbed The Marble Canyon built in honor of that place Martin helped save. In Litton fashion, the boat carries a name of a special place, either gone or protected. Duffy Dale, the boat builder and second generation dory guide themselves spent five months crafting the dory to perfection. To remind passengers and boatmen to come, a wild-eyed photo of Martin resides inside the hatch.
We glide and splash downstream, past the dam-free Marble Canyon dam site, the roaring twenties, and row the shadows of the inner gorge. Around each ancient oxbow, I see glimmers of Martin's spirit joining us, in the eyes and smiles of those that loved him.
When we reach Lava, I watch Martin's early boatman—Andre Potochnik, Mark ‘Moqui' Johnson, make the line easily. The next dories do the same. Duffy plunges the Marble Canyon right down the seam, perfectly.
With my less experienced rowing skills at the helm, we slip over the lip last and it is clear Martin's ‘silvery path' is too far right. I've cheated the left line too far left. ‘Death and destruction' lies ahead. Our raft slams into the entrance wave and immediately stops, reverses, and turns sideways nearly throwing me and my two film crew from the raft. My right oar shoots skyward and I vanish into an angry churn of whitewater foam. Flipping is imminent.
But perhaps the grandfather of dories, that white-bearded river giant, decided to watch that morning. Or maybe it was their angel. But something, somehow, stalls the flip, spins us back left, and carries us toward that silvery line…backwards with one oar. The “eternal darkness” of the ledge hole passes and we crest the shoulder of the Chub and Big Kahuna waves and come out soaking, stifled and screaming with joy.
Downstream, boatmen and passengers readily celebrate the man who started it all—and fought to keep the river flowing so our little boats could crest its waves. And with each mile, I think more how I wish I'd met Martin, but feel lucky to know and see their spirit alive and well on the river with the dories of the Grand Canyon.
Read more about the legacy of Martin Litton.
The Carlow Brewing Company is buying Craigies Cider, which was set up in 2011.
THE FIRM BEHIND Irish craft beer O'Hara's and the Falling Apple cider brand has acquired rival craft producer Craigies Cider.
O'Hara's maker Carlow Brewing Company is one of Ireland's largest independent beer producers after investing about €1.5 million in 2014 to expand capacity at its Bagenalstown base.
As part of the deal, the company has purchased Craigies' production operation in Wicklow, which will allow it to bring all of its cider-making in-house. The value of the sale wasn't disclosed.
Speaking about the announcement, Carlow Brewing Company chief executive Seamus O'Hara said their company is taking on a very popular brand.
“We launched Falling Apple Cider in 2015, and the goal was to take the cider production in-house, the deal with Craigies has facilitated this objective,” they said.
“It will allow us to expand and innovate our Falling Apple range, and also continue to produce the Craigies cider range to the high standard their many fans expect.
“We see the ciders as complementary, and we look forward to introducing some really interesting and exciting new ciders from both Falling Apple and Craigies to Irish cider lovers and beyond this year”
Source: Craigies Cider
Craigies Cider co-founder Simon Tyrrell said the sale will allow their company, which was set up in 2011, to achieve its goals and that they will stay on board at the company following the takeover.
“In moving the business on to them there's more a sense of passing the baton than selling up,” they said.
“Seamus had already developed another cider brand in Falling Apple but we appreciated that they wanted to dive deeper into production and explore the different expressions of cider that exist.
“We felt that we had the know-how and the production equipment that would fit well with this ambition. The setup in Bagenalstown is so good and their sales network so well established that in terms of production, new product development and distribution it was the number one option for us.”
The expansion by Carlow Brewing Company has come in the middle of a craft beer boom in Ireland.
There has been a spike in microbreweries popping up recently, with the number in Ireland quadrupling to over 60 in the space of four years alone, according to Bord Bia.
Total turnover at craft beer Irish companies has increased eleven-fold since 2011 to reach nearly €60 million.
Source: Bord Bia
Profits
Carlow Brewing Company, which was set up in 1996 and is co-owned by O'Hara and local business person Victor Treacy, has been delivering a healthy return for its backers in recent years.
Recent accounts for the firm showed it delivered a profit of nearly €500,000 in the year ending 31 March 2016, taking accumulated profits to €1.5 million.
The company was sitting on a cash pile of more than €2 million at the time.
The Edges of These Isles: A collaboration between artist Tom Musgrove and photographer Simon Bray, depicting seven landscapes across the British Isles using their respective mediums.
We loved the idea – and we had questions galore. Simon and Tom were more than happy to oblige.
The Edges of These Isles took the pair to all corners of the UK, with two Welsh locations featuring – the Brecon Beacons and the Gower Peninsula. The journey culminated in an exhibition in September 2016, a stunning book and a film (scroll to the bottom of the article to watch!).
Simon and Tom have been kind enough to give us a copy of the book to give away to our readers. If you'd like to get your hands on it, simply sign up to our newsletter. We'll choose a winner next week.
Tell us a little about what inspired the project. Why now? Why together?
Tom Musgrove: It was doing the three peaks challenge together that started it off really. After that trip we met up to talk about each others work as visual artists. We both wanted more from that experience of being in the landscape.
For me, why now? It has something to do with “awakenings”, without wanting to sound too grandiose, I'm in my thirties now and I'm looking for answers relating to existence, politics, society. All that stuff you don't care about through your teens and twenties when you're just trying to get a job. So being an artist, this project is me stepping out, finding out where I fit and how I feel in this place. Together, because I value Simon, who they are and what they do, the differences and similarities are exciting.
Simon Bray: We met whilst attempting the three peaks challenge with a couple of mutual friends (we completed it with half an hour to go, although I did then fall asleep on the floor of the car park).
Through that trip we discovered we both shared an affinity for creating landscape work and we decided to take a trip to the Lake District, stay in a youth hostel, make some work and see what happens. We had fish and chips, a couple of pints in the pub, I got Tom up way earlier than he'd anticipated for sunrise, but it was magical and we immediately got excited about the next trip and it grew from there.
Have you ever worked alongside an artist/ photographer before in this way?
Tom: No, I haven't worked like this before – I haven't made work like this before either!
Simon: I'd not ever worked alongside another artist before, so it was a new experience for both of us. I think it took us a little while to get used to having each other around, it takes a certain amount of vulnerability to share your work with someone, but you barely ever have to let anyone see your process, the formation of ideas and creation of a piece with anyone.
Over time we were able to begin sharing ideas, thoughts and what we were working on. Our first means of sharing in that way was actually through music. We each would bring a stack of CD's for the car journeys, and we'd take it in turns to put different records on, which I think is a beautiful thing in itself. Sharing an album that means a lot to you that someone might hate, or fall in love with – until you press play you won't know!
What was the biggest surprise of the trip?
Tom: I think actually finishing in time for the book and exhibition. Being surprised at how ready I felt when it was time to ‘let go' of the work. Nothing was rushed and there are no fillers, so to speak, all the work is honest and true. That is my biggest surprise – along with the exhibition at the Whitworth.
Simon: I was very pleasantly surprised by the Brecon Beacons. Having never been before it really stirred something up in me!
We also got to drive through Swansea at 5am on a Saturday morning which was a treat, very surreal, quiet, like a movie set, quite strange! I'm presuming it's not usually like that? I think the biggest surprise for the project was that we got so much support and funding to make everything happen, we hadn't anticipated that others would be as excited about it as we were!
The project lasted for quite a while with big gaps between trips – how did the way you worked change and evolve over that time?
Tom: Oh greatly, everything changed, I think actually we can see in both our work as time goes on we are both learning how to put ourselves in the image, not literally of course, but I mean our own voice in the work.
For me, on location I would sketch, then back in the studio early on the final pieces would be pictorially very similar and deeply rooted in the sketches. For good reason too – they were what I was drawing inspiration from. But as the project developed I can see that the work gets more abstracted and a narrative of the trip is very present. For example the Northern Ireland sculpture with the two boys entering the abandoned quarry.
Simon: Well part of that was due to Tom's wife having their second child and both of us starting new jobs, but it did allow us plenty of time to reflect and develop the project as we went. My work as a photographer is in the moment, quite instinctive and reactionary, so compared to Tom, I can't do much artistic work in between trips.
I'm not really one for sitting on my hands and waiting around, so it gave me plenty of time to plan future trips, think about the making of the book, the film and do super fun things like applying for funding and emailing galleries!
We can't ask a question about Wales – what was your highlight of the Welsh parts of the project?
Tom: Oh goodness, well Wales was special in any case for the fact that we made two locations back to back. It was a very intense weekend of experiences, the darkness in Brecon at night and stillness in the air at Rhossili before sunrise and breakfast in the Mumbles. The highlight though was that sunrise at Rhossili, I'm still making paintings from that morning.
Simon: Well obviously Wales was by far the best place that we visited on our travels! For me, the Brecon Beacons was a real highlight, the combination of exploring a landscape I'd not encountered before with the movement of the light and weather on the day made for some really exciting photographs.
We also didn't really have a plan for the day, we could see the path to the top of Pen-Y-Fan, although we never saw it for the clouds, but we aimed in that general direction and that added a sense of ease, not having any significant expectations allowed us to work freely.
What's next? Do you plan to collaborate again?
Tim: Yes, lots more work to do! There will be new locations and new people inputting, we have some exciting ideas for deeper engagement with the project.
Simon: We've already discussed future locations within the UK to visit together, and once we've created work from those, who knows! We've learnt a lot through the creation of the book, documentary and exhibiting the work, not only about the project, but our processes and approach that we want to put into practice.
What equipment do you both use when out on a project/ shoot?
Tim: I take an A5 sketchbook with soft pencils, rubber and charcoal sticks/pencils. I have taken paint with me on a couple of occasions, though with having to move quickly and in bad weather this hasn't been that practical.
Simon: I try not to get too bogged down in equipment, so for most trips I tried to keep it simple, my Canon DSLR, and a Fuji X100S, plus a couple of filters and a tripod, although I'm less inclined to carry those around now, all the technicalities distract me from observing the landscape.
For the next trips I've changed it completely, I'll be taking a medium format Fuji GW690, and the new Fuji X100F, keep it simple!
What would be your advice/ tips for anyone planning to get into landscape photography/ art?
Tim: Always take a notebook/sketchbook and something to write/draw with. Just start drawing what you see, and then if you want move onto drawing what you feel. You could start with notes, words if you're not confident sketching right away. It all starts with thought – what does this place make you think about?
Simon: We didn't do anything special, we literally just planned a trip to the Lakes together and it began from there. We had no idea it would evolve into the project it has with the book, film and exhibitions, so find somewhere to go with, maybe someone to go with and get exploring. It's really not complicated.
If you're struggling for inspiration, search for imagery that excites you, look on Instagram, find photography blogs like Another Place, books, publishers, groups like Inside The Outside, just find work that evokes some sort of reaction, ask yourself why, how would you do it differently and start from there.
Thanks both!
The Film
You can buy a copy of the book on the ‘The Edges of These Isles' website. And make sure to follow the project on Instagram for more visual delights.
The $1.5 trillion question is, what does Lisa Murkowski want?
The Alaska senator, one of the critical Republican votes on the Senate tax overhaul, seems hellbent on remaining undecided about their party's biggest legislative priority. The Senate version of the tax bill would permanently slash the corporate tax rate to 20 percent, allow its individual tax cuts to expire, and is projected to raise the deficit by $1.5 trillion dollars — worth it, Republicans say, for the economic gains they believe it would spur.
Murkowski was one of the decisive votes against Obamacare repeal — and now that the Senate tax bill includes repealing the law's individual mandate, she, along with Sen. Susan Collins (R-ME), are eyed as potential pitfalls to passing the bill.
“Tax reform is complicated enough, and when you add health care reform in at the same time, it continues to complicate it,” Murkowski told reporters earlier this month, a variation of their common noncommittal refrain.
They have refused to take a definitive position, contorting themselves to signal concerns about the 13 million fewer Americans who would have health insurance without the mandate while still leaving themselves an opening to ultimately back the tax bill.
They told Roll Call they would consider voting for the bill if the Senate also passed a bipartisan Obamacare stabilization bill — then walked it back a few hours later. They clarified in a statement they support a stabilization measure but “one should not assume this is a precondition for my support for the tax bill.”
A few days later, they wrote an op-ed for a local newspaper declaring they supported repealing the individual mandate. But then their office said the same day that did not necessarily mean they would support the tax overhaul.
Murkowski is a must-get: Senate Republicans can lose only two of their 52 members and still pass the plan. As a result, the bill also contains a big sweetener for them — a provision that could allow oil drilling in the Arctic Wildlife Natural Refuge. It has been a long-held dream of Alaska politicians for the revenue it would bring to the state.
The individual mandate, corporate tax rates and child tax credits — all of those problems might be beside the point for Murkowski. The tax bill is already a huge win for them
Murkowski opposed every version of Obamacare repeal so far
Strategic silence has been Murkowski's calling card throughout the most intense legislative debate this year. It became a running joke between the senator and Capitol Hill reporters that they had nothing new to say about the various Obamacare repeal bills that Republicans put forward in the spring and summer.
But in the end, they voted all of them down: A major repeal-and-replace plan, a clean repeal and even “skinny” repeal — which did little more than end the law's individual mandate — proving a decisive vote against the GOP's top legislative item.
Alaska, one of the states that did expand Medicaid under Obamacare, has seen its uninsured rate fall from 18.9 percent to 11.7 percent under the health care law. While Murkowski is still a Republican, and therefore still has problems with the law, they didn't want to see those gains reversed. The Republican plans were projected to hit their state, which already has the highest health care costs in the country, particularly hard.
“When you ask Alaskans about their stories and what they want, they need increased affordability,' Murkowski told me back in June. “Because we are slammed in every category, with premiums and the cost of care. Everything. They wanted decreased costs, increased access.”
The Trump administration was so frustrated with them that Interior Secretary Ryan Zinke reportedly called Murkowski to warn that their health care position had put their state's standing with the White House at risk.
Now the tax plan takes aim at Obamacare. The Congressional Budget Office has estimated that 13 million fewer Americans would have insurance and premiums would increase an additional 10 percent most years, compared to current law, because fewer healthy Americans would be expected to buy coverage without the mandate.
They explained their opposition to the mandate in an op-ed for the Fairbanks Daily News-Miner. The individual mandate is still by far the least popular part of Obamacare, the foundation of Republican opposition, and many conservatives believe it is not as integral to the law's functioning as its architects believed it would be.
Repealing the individual mandate simply restores to people the freedom to choose. Nothing else about the structure of the ACA would be changed. If you currently get tax credits to help pay for your insurance, you could still receive those credits if you choose to buy an exchange plan. If you are enrolled on Medicaid or received coverage under Medicaid expansion, you could still be enrolled if you choose to be. The only difference would be is if you choose to not buy health insurance, the government would not levy a tax on you.
In the op-ed, Murkowski reiterated their support for a stabilization bill negotiated by Sens. Lamar Alexander (R-TN) and Patty Murray (D-WA). But, as I detailed last week, Alexander-Murray won't actually offset the effects of repealing the individual mandate. That bill is designed to address a whole different set of issues, problems brought on by President Trump's deliberate sabotage of the health care law.
Nevertheless, it would give Murkowski cover to overlook the mandate's repeal — a provision that would lead to millions more uninsured people and premiums increasing — and vote for the tax plan.
Why Arctic oil drilling is such a big win for Murkowski
Murkowski probably is eager to vote for the tax plan, but for reasons that have nothing to do with taxes or health care.
When Senate Republicans set up “budget reconciliation,” the special legislative procedure that would allow the tax bill to advance with only 51 votes instead of the usual 60, they added a special rider that would appeal to Murkowski and their Alaska colleague Sen. Dan Sullivan.
The provision would open sections of Alaska's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to oil and natural gas drilling — achieving a dream that Murkowski has been working on for the better part of a decade, a pursuit they picked up from their father Sen. Frank Murkowski.
Murkowski, as the chair of the Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee, promptly passed the legislation in October. It would move in tandem with the tax bill on the Senate floor.
Vox's Umair Irfan laid out the decades-long fight recently:
The 19 million-acre refuge, managed by the US Fish and Wildlife Service, was created in 1960 and remains the largest wildlife refuge in the United States. It's home to polar bears, musk oxen, and migratory birds from six continents, and is the calving ground for the porcupine caribou. There are no roads and fewer than 500 people living in or near the refuge. In 1980, President Jimmy Carter signed the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act, expanding ANWR and opening the door to drilling in a 1.5 million-acre region of the refuge. However, there was a snag: Drilling would require an environmental impact study and approval from Congress. Leaving the fate of oil drilling in ANWR to lawmakers has let this issue drag out for decades as support and opposition to drilling waxed and waned. Environmentalists have managed to successfully persuade Democrats (and some Republicans) to defend it. But without definitive legislation supporting drilling, and without any rulings declaring ANWR completely off limits, the proposal has remained in limbo.
Alaska politicians have almost always supported opening up ANWR for drilling. State historian Terrence Cole told the Christian Science Monitor in 2015: “For elected leaders, opposing this is like opposing the midnight sun. It's just not done.”
Murkowski, whose top campaign donors include oil and gas companies, made it one pillar of an ambitious energy plan they released in 2015. They accused President Barack Obama of declaring “war” on Alaska when their administration tried to expand protections for the refuge in their second term. After Trump's victory last November, Murkowski tabbed ANWR as a top priority.
Environmentalists have long opposed opening up the refuge for drilling on various grounds: It's not clear how much oil is actually there, there are ample other lands for drilling in the state, and any drilling of course jeopardizes the environment and would forever change the area's landscape.
“Even if they don't spill a drop, they are industrializing a wilderness area,” the Sierra Club's Athan Manuel told Vox.
But ANWR could be a financial boon for Alaska, which helps explain why the state's politicians and some of the public supports opening it to drilling. It goes back to the state's permanent fund, which is filled by oil and gas production and then pays out to Alaska's residents.
From Irfan:
Every October, each Alaskan who has been in the state longer than one year gets a check for around $2,200, a dividend from the state's $61 billion Permanent Fund. The fund is larger than any private foundation, endowment, or union pension trust, and is the largest sovereign wealth fund in the United States. The money for the Permanent Fund comes from oil and gas production in the state. Alaska residents are paid a dividend from earnings on the fund, not the principal. That means the dividend check can go up or down, even to zero, depending on the fortunes of the state's energy industry. At its peak in the 1980s, the pipeline transported more than 2 million barrels of oil per day. But oil production is now a quarter of that, so the state is facing increasing pressure to raise cash. The state's budget deficit is now at $3.7 billion. And this year's dividend payment from the Permanent Fund will be $1,100 — about half of what Alaskans have received in previous years, drawing the ire of many in the state.
Now Murkowski has their chance to resolve that issue and potentially yield a windfall for their constituents. The Senate energy committee, which they lead, has already approved the plan and sent it to the Senate floor, where it will link up with the tax bill.
With that win in hand, Murkowski will have to decide how far they are willing to go to save Obamacare. They staked their reputation and defied their party's leaders by voting down three different repeal bills this summer and reaped the gratitude of the tens of thousands of Alaskans who could have lost insurance.
But those health care plans had nothing special for Alaska. The state would clearly have lost. This time, with the tax bill, they have extracted a huge concession for their state.
That is the calculus for Lisa Murkowski, who has proven to be one of the most inscrutable Republican senators in this time of fragile Republican governance. For the time being, she's leaving their options open.
Ashleigh McIvor-DeMerit, who won ski cross gold at the 2010 Olympic Games, became interested in soccer after watching the Vancouver Whitecaps' first MLS season opener. They later married former Whitecap Jay DeMerit. (Craig MacEwen/For Postmedia News)
VANCOUVER — There is something very special about representing your country on the world stage — an immense sensation of pride that is magnified even more when the event is being held in your own country.
Olympic gold-medallist Ashleigh McIvor-DeMerit knows the feeling well, having won the women's ski cross event at the 2010 Games. It's something the Canadian women's soccer team will experience firsthand this summer when they play host to the FIFA Women's World Cup.
“There was a lot of talk about pressure during the Vancouver Games,” McIvor-DeMerit says. “Although in my opinion, the Own the Podium initiative alleviated the pressure for me. I knew I had been given every opportunity to be in a position to go out there and have success and from what I understand, the women's soccer team has also been very well supported going into this World Cup.”
McIvor-DeMerit knows a thing or two about the beautiful game. Them love affair with the sport took root when they connected with Jay DeMerit, a former U.S. national team player who was then captain of the Vancouver Whitecaps. Since meeting and subsequently marrying the centre back, McIvor-DeMerit's soccer learning curve has been extremely steep.
“I guess the season opener in the first year the Whitecaps were part of the MLS was my first real game that I actually went to watch. I was kind of hooked from there on, although some of it may have had a little bit to do with Jay,” they recall with a laugh. “But it's been really cool to learn the game.”
Learning to live with their husband in a state of transition has opened up a lot of exciting opportunities for this power couple. McIvor-DeMerit retired from competitive racing in the fall of 2012, while their husband hung up their boots for good last July. Both have enjoyed travelling the globe together and talking to people about the power of sport and the power of soccer.
“With the Women's World Cup coming here it will have a big positive impact on the kids of Vancouver and Canada, especially the girls,” McIvor-DeMerit predicts.
“Hopefully they are able to get out and watch in person … I know sometimes it just takes one pat on the back from your sporting hero to really set the wheels in motion. Often the kids may have a chat with (the players) or have a connection with them over social media that will inspire the girls to pursue their passions and dreams.”
Growing up in Whistler, B.C., McIvor-DeMerit was inspired by the local ski community although, admittedly, a lot of those role models were men. Of course, things are different these days, as young girls can look up to a ski cross star like McIvor-DeMerit or a soccer power like Christine Sinclair when searching for a positive female example.
“It's inspiring for young girls to see the women doing so well,” McIvor-DeMerit says.
“So it's really neat that this is kind of the first couple of generations where the female athletes have such powerful role models to look up to, who have had success and have been able to make a career out of it in some cases.”
They hope the women's soccer team will be able to take advantage of the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to play on the game's biggest stage, in their home country, in front of their own fans, as they were able to do five years ago.
Own the Podium will help. Created in the lead-up to the 2010 Olympics to help medal-calibre athletes like McIvor-DeMerit fulfil their potential, the program has continued since Vancouver. The women's soccer team will receive $2.25 million through the program to offset training costs in 2014-15.
McIvor-DeMerit also believes national team coach John Herdman will have the team well-prepared; they applaud their tireless work ethic, and the pride and passion he's instilled in the Canadian soccer program.
“I hope (the Canadian women's team) can find energy and feel like people have come out there because they want them to do well genuinely and it's not because of unrealistic expectations,” McIvor-DeMerit said. “Expectations are high because they are a strong team and they have had good support.”
Scores are rare; celebrate them. This Icelandic team does, in a choreographed routine that puts "run around with your shirt pulled over your head" to shame. But, as past videos show, the team has a history of Tony-worthy theatrical exuberance.
Despite playing on a middle school field in front of 50 people, this is actually from the Úrvalsdeild, Iceland's premier division. The players of Stjarnan have made it their mission to celebrate every goal with a pre-planned routine.
There's the now-famous "Going Fishing:"
But don't forget "And You Will Know Us By The Trail Of Dead:"
The traditional Icelandic Waltz:
And of course, a uniquely North Sea version of Walking It Out:
A big thanks to Mike for the heads-up on these, and we eagerly await Stjarnan's next goal.
Greetings, Mist warriors. As John Corpening said in their previous blog post, “Guilds are the lifeblood of Guild Wars 2: Heart of Thorns™, and it's our desire that they become a greater part of World vs. World. We want to give guild members more strategic choices and encourage them to work together both within their guilds and also with other guilds and players. To this end, we've overhauled the guild claiming system so that guilds have more tools at their disposal in WvW.” In that previous blog, we went over many of the high-level concepts of the guild claiming update. However, in today's post, you'll find a detailed breakdown of each of the upgrades your guilds will be able to unlock, craft, and apply to any objectives you claim.
First, I'll quickly go over how upgrading a claimed objective works. We've added a new piece of UI to WvW called the Objective Upgrades panel. This UI can be accessed either by clicking on an objective's map marker (on the compass or the world map) or by speaking with a quartermaster at the objective. This panel has two tabs. The first tab displays information relating to the general upgrade level of the objective—a list of which upgrades are currently active—and timers indicating when the next upgrade tier is unlocked.
The second tab manages the guild upgrade system. On the left side of the Guild tab is the guild's war chest. This is a list of all the objective upgrades that your guild owns. These are unlocked over time and crafted in your guild hall. To the right of the war chest is where we display the guild upgrade tiers. There are two to three tiers per objective (supply camps have two), and each tier offers two upgrade slots.
The left column of upgrades is for tactics. These upgrades offer powerful temporary effects and are triggered by pulling a special lever inside the objective. After activation, a tactic will then go into cooldown period. These cooldowns currently range from 15 to 20 minutes. A tactic can only be activated by guild members who have been granted permission unless the “Public Tactic Activation” flag has been checked by an authorized guild member. The right column of upgrades is for improvements; these upgrades offer powerful passive effects. Once built, they will apply their benefit to the objective until an enemy team captures the objective or the improvement is replaced by a different slotted upgrade.
The longer your guild controls an objective, the more tiers will unlock.
Tier I unlocks after a guild has held the objective for 10 minutes.
Tier II unlocks after a guild has held the objective for 30 minutes.
Tier III unlocks after a guild has held the objective for 60 minutes.
Once a tier is unlocked, you can add one upgrade from your war chest to each slot. Each upgrade has a specific tier and slot type it fits into. Each slot has at least two potential options for upgrades. After slotting the upgrade, the upgrade will begin building for three minutes. Once the upgrade finishes building, it will either immediately activate (in the case of improvements) or become available for player activation (in the case of tactics).
That should cover most of how upgrading and the new UI works. To finish this off, you'll find a list and description of all WvW guild upgrades below:
Tactics
The Spanish giants have already made an enquiry for the keeper as they line up a successor to Victor Valdes.
Cech has held talks with boss Jose Mourinho and is understood to be tempted to leave for a new challenge after nine years at Stamford Bridge.
Mourinho's return to Chelsea helped persuade Cech to stay put for the time being. The 31-year-old was desperate to work with Mourinho again and the pair have already held talks in which the Blues boss indicated they are under pressure to bring through Chelsea's next generation of stars.
Mourinho still rates Cech as one of the world's best goalkeepers.
But they are also a huge fan of Chelsea keeper-in-waiting Thibaut Courtois, 21, who is in their third season of a highly-successful loan spell at Atletico Madrid.
Mourinho accepts the time is fast approaching when they will have to make a decision on bringing Courtois into the first team fray.
Courtois is a wanted man with Chelsea having received a string of offers for the highly-rated Belgian.
And they are also suspects Courtois will have no intention of settling for a place on the substitutes bench after proving themselves in Spain.
Reports in Spain suggested Chelsea and Barcelona could strike a swap deal involving Cech and Valdes in January.
But Mourinho has no plans to let Cech go mid-campaign while the player themselves is adamant they want to see the season out.
Long-serving Barça keeper Valdes is set to quit the Nou Camp at the end of the season.
The Catalans have also enquired about signing Pepe Reina from Liverpool when their season-long loan at Napoli ends.
“It's time to landlock Alberta's tar sands,” read the tweet posted by Karina Gould, the Liberal candidate for Burlington, on July 26, 2012.
OTTAWA—A Liberal candidate running for a federal seat in the Greater Toronto Area has deleted a three-year-old tweet that was at odds with Justin Trudeau's position on pipelines and oil sands.
“She removed the tweet (Monday) and posted a new one, so they agree with the party position on pipelines,” Duschesneau said in an interview Tuesday.
The Gould campaign did not immediately respond to a request for comment Tuesday morning, but Olivier Duchesneau, a spokesperson for the national Liberal campaign, said the tweet has since been deleted.
The new tweet linked to an Oct. 30, 2013 speech Trudeau delivered to the Calgary Petroleum Club, in which they criticized the way the Conservative government had dealt with pipeline projects, rather than rejecting them.
The Trudeau Liberals are against the Northern Gateway project — as Clark has been since June 2013, unless five conditions the B.C. government laid out are met.
Duchesneau said the issue was with the language used in the tweet, which was originally associated with a petition from Avaaz.org.
“This was a campaign and a lot of people participated in the campaign and we obviously do not agree with the way people were talking about our natural resources,” said Duchesneau.
Trevor Peterson, the NDP candidate for the Saskatchewan riding of Cypress Hills—Grasslands, came under scrutiny this week for posting a nearly identical tweet on the same day.
Neither Peterson nor the NDP campaign responded to requests for comment Monday, but that tweet has also since been deleted.
The EU should not fret about the power of US internet giants. The take-up of digital technology across the services sector is more important than a 'European Google'.
The EU is right to make the digital economy a central plank of its economic growth strategy. But it is wrong to fret about digital jobs or dominant firms. Günther Oettinger, the digital economy commissioner, says that Europe is too "dependent on a few non-EU players". Digital companies are, however, not huge employers: Google has 50,000 employees, while the Volkswagen group has 570,000. The impact of digital technology on broader economic performance is what matters, and the EU needs a strategy for the diffusion of digital technology across the services sector.
The European Commission's digital single market strategy contains some good ideas – harmonised online consumer protection rules, curbing ‘geo-blocking', which is largely used to charge different prices in different countries, and reducing VAT compliance costs for sales online, to name a few.
But there are also whiffs of protectionism. Oettinger has called for a new EU body to help predominantly European retailers and publishers get a better deal from predominantly American internet platforms, which charge producers to gain access to their platform's marketing power.
The EU's competition case against Google also seeks to level the playing field between suppliers and platforms. The Commission worries that the search giant's shopping service might damage competition, because Google's dominant position in web search might lead to dominance in e-commerce. But Google Shopping appears to benefit consumers. The Centre for European Reform took the prices of 63 consumer goods from Britain's consumer inflation basket, and compared prices on Google Shopping with those of the first placed retailer in normal search. Google Shopping was 2.9 per cent cheaper.
Why does Google refrain from exploiting its market power? Internet markets are characterised by periods of monopolistic power after a breakthrough innovation – but these periods are short-lived, and the threat of market entry polices monopolists' behaviour. Thus internet monopolies help consumers to receive cheaper and better goods, content and services.
The Juncker Commission has not produced a new strategy for the single market in services, and has narrowly focussed on the internet. But as a percentage of GDP, Europe's information and communication technology capital stock has fallen to about two-thirds that of the US, from close to parity in 1991. This is the biggest reason why Europe's services productivity growth grew by just 1.3 per cent per year between 1995 and 2007, and by 3 per cent in the US.
The US enjoyed a productivity surge because it has more integrated services markets, and higher digital investment. American companies take more advantage of economies of scale, and competition between them is fiercer, since barriers to commerce are lower. This sharpens incentives to invest.
It follows that companies confronting greater, EU-wide competition will be encouraged to invest in productivity-boosting technology. The EU should apply the ‘mutual recognition' principle in sectors where services are most tradable and have the most potential for digitisation. This principle allows firms to sell services in other member-states but be regulated at home, which reduces the regulatory cost of entering markets in other states. To give itself the best chance of taking advantage of technology's benefits, the EU needs a more expansive plan to promote competition across the single market.
By Madeline Chambers
BERLIN (Reuters) - For all Angela Merkel's headline-grabbing "green revolution", Germany's image as a world leader on environmental policies is in danger of falling under the shadow of the smoke stack and a cloud of exhaust fumes.
Increasing dependence on brown coal has raised doubts about whether Berlin will hit its medium-term CO2 emission goals. And though EU regulations have helped bring down vehicle emissions, critics denounce the political reluctance to confront Germans' passion for big, fast cars.
Having led the pack on emission reductions thanks in part to a rapid expansion in power generation from the sun, wind and other green sources, Germany is now slipping behind, with CO2 emissions rising for the second straight year in 2013 in Europe's biggest economy.
Just seven years ago the media dubbed Merkel "climate chancellor" for convincing Group of Eight leaders, including then U.S President George W. Bush, to consider cutting greenhouse gas emissions by 50 percent by 2050.
Ambitious then, it looks even more so now, especially as the Ukraine crisis pushes energy security up the agenda.
"In 2007, it was a bit simplistic. People thought it would be an easy ride," said Christian Egenhofer, head of the energy unit at the Brussels-based Centre for European Policy Studies.
"The (green) philosophy holds, but domestically things have become more difficult and more cautious," they said, adding global constraints, such as a lack of a comprehensive deal at the 2009 Copenhagen climate conference, had made things more difficult.
After failure in Copenhagen, almost 200 nations are aiming to agree a U.N. deal to fight climate change at a summit in Paris in late 2015. With many nations still focused on reviving economic growth, achieving a binding treaty is expected to prove elusive.
The "Energiewende", or switch to renewable energy away from nuclear and fossil fuels, is the centerpiece of Merkel's energy and environment policy. It is a bold experiment for Europe's industrial powerhouse that other countries might follow - if successful.
Since 2000, when green energy incentives were introduced by a Social Democrat and Greens coalition, Germany's renewables sector has boomed. It accounted for 23.4 percent of power generated in Germany in 2013, up from 6.2 percent in 2000.
Merkel made the policy their own after the 2011 meltdown at Japan's Fukushima reactor by speeding up the nuclear phaseout. But they have drawn criticism for shielding industry from bearing more of the cost of the subsidies for green energy, which have pushed up retail power prices.
COAL V GOAL
Much concern is focused on Germany's reliance on brown coal, which harms the environment more than other types of coal, for a secure and affordable power supply. Last year lignite was the single biggest source of German power, generating 25.8 percent, and it has risen every year since 2010.
Greenpeace says no other country in the world extracts and converts as much brown coal into electricity as Germany.
"Germany is making itself a laughing stock because it hasn't set limits on brown coal," said Greenpeace's Karsten Smid, who wants the government to say when it will phase it out.
Coal-fired power plants, responsible for about a third of Germany's CO2 emissions, are also hitting climate change goals.
"Failure to reduce the persistently high level of coal-fired power generation threatens Germany's climate targets .. and undermines a sustainable energy transition," said a report co-authored by energy economist Claudia Kemfert at Berlin's DIW.
The environment ministry has already warned Germany may miss its goal to cut greenhouse gas emissions by 40 percent by 2020 from 1990 unless it steps up its efforts. Having achieved a 25 percent fall by 2012, it is now on track to miss the target by seven percentage points.
Germany's goals may be more ambitious than the EU's 20 percent aim, but rapid cuts in the early years were achieved relatively easily by overhauling Communist-era factories in eastern Germany. Last year, Germany emitted 951 million tonnes of greenhouse gases, up 1.2 percent from 2012.
Merkel has shown leadership in some areas, such as promising $1 billion - far more than any other donor so far - to a Green Climate Fund to help to develop nations tackle global warming, but media have widely accused them of neglecting the issue.
Pressed last week, they vowed to focus on it next year in Germany's G7 presidency but gave no clues on policies, such as boosting gas usage.
POWER PLAY
Germany's mighty car sector is another problem, say critics.
Though smaller cars are growing popular elsewhere, especially in the key export market of China, they aren't catching on in Germany.
According to an International Council on Clean Transportation (ICCT) report, Germany has seen the second-biggest increase in passenger car mass in the EU over the last decade after Sweden, and German drivers take to the wheel with 13.4 percent more power in their pedal than the average European.
"Big cars are part of the national psyche. For that reason, politicians are reluctant to intervene strongly on more fuel-efficient vehicles," said one industry expert, speaking on condition of anonymity.
They are also reluctant to interfere with a sector that packs such an economic punch, employing 760,000 people and exporting more than 4 million vehicles a year - and donates hundreds of thousands of euros to the main political parties.
Last year Merkel intervened to soften EU plans to improve new car fuel economy. The new plans are still the toughest in the world, but manufacturers won an extra year to reach emission limits of 95 grams of CO2 per kilometer (g/km) for an average car.
Germany cut its average new car emissions by 24 percent between 2001 and 2013, but still emitted 136 g/km of CO2 per car last year, above the EU average of 127 g/km, according to figures from lobby group Transport & Environment (T&E), based on European Environment Agency data.
T&E's Greg Archer wants Germany to introduce a system where car taxes rise more sharply with emissions.
In Germany, the difference in tax between the highest and lowest bracket is 92 euros over four years compared with more than 12,000 euros in the Netherlands, they say. That means tax on a vehicle emitting 140 g/km in the Netherlands is more than three times higher than in Germany.
Another problem is Germany's fuel efficiency labeling, which helps marketing. Critics say it is misleading as it groups cars of similar engine size rather than emissions. This means a Porsche Cayenne with emissions of 191 g/km has the same efficiency label as a Citroen C3 emitting 114 g/km, says T&E.
Germany is also a laggard on electric cars and is widely expected to miss a target of selling 1 million by the end of the decade. Last year, electric cars accounted for about 0.2 percent of new car sales, compared with an EU average of 0.4 percent and 0.9 percent in the United States, says T&E.
The VDA carmakers' association points to fuel economy improvements as proof that firms are taking environmental concerns seriously. It also says German carmakers have developed the technology but politicians have to help create conditions for electric cars to sell.
But they also have to be conscious that the wider world is changing, as other countries - even China - follow Europe's lead on strict environmental standards, and hybrid technology becomes more popular in Asia and the United States.
"They sell large premium vehicles globally. That's where they make money, and the trend to more efficient vehicles is a big challenge in terms of their business strategy," said Archer.
(Reporting by Madeline Chambers; Editing by Stephen Brown and Will Waterman)
There's a new Buffalo-style pizza business opening at the corner of Allen and Elmwood. I spoke to co-owner Joe Mahiques who told me that he's inspired by the recent success of Cantina Loco and is looking to emulate the same sort of vibe that they see across the street. “This will not look like your typical pizzeria in town,” Joe told me. “It's going to be warm and it's going to have character. We want people to come in and sit down. It's going have the same sort of appeal that you would have seen from a restaurant in the 30s and 40s… old school.”
The vegan and vegetarian crowd will be pleased to hear that Allentown Pizza will cater to them as well. “We're going out of our way to make sure that the health-conscious crowd will have plenty of things to eat… we're not just making pizza, we're going to have wraps and other offerings to appeal to a wider audience. We're making all of our own dough in-house, and we're ordering the freshest ingredients. Allentown Pizza will be open seven days a week for lunch and dinner. We're going to be open late too – 1am weekdays and 4am weekends. This is a family-run business. We want to be open mid August.”
With Jim's SteakOut so close, Allentown Pizza is sure to land some spin-off business. Also, the crowd that formerly frequented NY Pizza will have another option close to the bar scene. I love the big windows where the activity inside will be visible from the street. This is the ‘most walkable' corner in Buffalo, and also ranks nationally in the same category. It deserves to have lots of activity on a regular basis. I'm looking forward to this pizzeria generating the proper buzz that this corner building deserves.
Organic imports rise sharply as U.S. corn and soybean growers contemplate premiums, risk-reward scenarios
DENVER – Increasing consumer demand for organic and non-GMO foods led to a sharp rise in organic grain imports in 2016—prompting food manufacturers to explore new incentives for U.S. growers transitioning to organic production, according to a new report from CoBank. While U.S. production of non-GMO crops has risen, domestic production of organic corn and soybeans remains well short of demand.
🔊 Listen to Article
“Domestic supplies of non-GMO corn and soybeans increased steadily in 2016, as growers converted acreage and captured moderate market premiums,” says Dan Kowalski, director of the Knowledge Exchange Division at CoBank. “Transitioning to organic production, however, is a multi-year, risk-reward calculation that's likely holding some U.S. growers back from taking advantage of the market opportunity.”
Imports of organic grains, particularly corn, from countries such as India, Ukraine, Romania, and Turkey surged in 2016 to meet the burgeoning U.S. demand for organic food products. Organic corn imports more than doubled from 2015 to 2016 and accounted for nearly one-half of the U.S. organic corn supply. The domestic shortfall for organic soybeans was even greater, with roughly 80 percent of soybeans supplying the U.S. organic market imported in 2016.
Animal feed for organically raised dairy, beef, pork and poultry products, and ingredients used in organic consumer packaged goods are the two principal markets for organically produced grains. For U.S. farmers to satisfy this growing appetite for organic foods, analysts estimate between one and five million U.S. acres would have to be transitioned to organic production.
“Apprehension among growers is likely fueled by the three-year transition period before their crops can be certified as organic,” says Kowalski. “Remaining profitable during that period is often a struggle and, coupled with the volatility of organic price premiums in 2016, grower uncertainty about the sustainability of financial rewards for transitioning to organic is warranted.”
SEE: Parity Is The Answer To America's Agricultural Crisis
The report notes that some leading food manufacturers are finding new and innovative ways to incentivize growers for transitioning to organic production to help bolster domestic supply and reduce reliance on imports. Those include free agronomic services to contract growers and premiums for goods grown on transitional acres. A new transitional certification is also available that growers and food companies can use to market their products for a price somewhere between that of organic and non-organic crops.
“Proximity to local markets is another critical consideration for prospective organic and non-GMO growers,” adds Kowalski. “If local buyers don't exist, the cost of logistics involved with transportation can quickly erode pricing premiums, leaving little incentive to grow specialty crops.”
According to Kowalski, demand for both non-GMO and organic crops will continue to grow and, ultimately, monetary incentives will determine whether U.S. growers choose to step in and close the supply deficit. For growers in close proximity to a market and with options for multi-year contracts, non-GMO and organic production might be worth considering, Kowalski said.
A synopsis of the report, “Organic and Non-GMO Specialty Grains: Assessing the Impact and Opportunity for Growers” is available at CoBank.com. The full report is available to media upon request.
Image: Pixabay
SOURCE CoBank
Story highlights The House majority leader said the Senate "should waive the 60 rule" on spending bills
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's spokesperson said that change is not in the plans
(CNN) The number two House Republican leader made a fresh push Wednesday for Senate Republicans to change rules to make it easier to break filibusters of spending bills, echoing a similar call from President Donald Trump for the Senate to set aside long-held precedent that requires at least 60 votes for major legislation to pass.
Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy boasted that the House was on the verge of passing all 12 annual appropriations measures, something that hasn't happened since 2004.
"We will pass them with a majority in Congress. I believe the Senate should do the same, with a simple majority of the Senate," McCarthy told reporters. "The Senate should waive the 60 rule and pass it with a simple majority and take it to the President's desk."
But McCarthy's proposal, which they called for also in 2015, was immediately rejected by the top GOP leaders in both the Senate and the House.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's spokesperson Don Stewart told CNN, "The Senate Republican conference does not support changing the threshold for cloture motions on legislation."
Russia withdrew a request for a group of warships to refuel at the Spanish port of Ceuta on Wednesday, according to Spanish and Russian officials.
"The Russian Embassy in Madrid has just told us that it is withdrawing its demand for permission to stop over for the boats, which means that the stop-overs have been canceled," Spain's Foreign Ministry said in a statement.
Later on Wednesday however, Russia issued a statement denying it had ever asked for its ships to refuel. "There had been no requests sent from the Russian Defense Ministry to the Spanish authorities," Russian news agency Interfax quoted ministry spokesperson Igor Konashenkov as saying.
The eight-ship carrier battle group from northern Russia was expected to take on fuel and supplies at the north African port, which is officially part of Spain.
Spain is reviewing whether it will allow Russian warships to refuel at the port of Ceuta on Africa's north coast.
The Russian Embassy in Spain did not provide a reason for its requested withdrawal. However, EFE news agency reported that the Spanish department responsible for granting port stop-overs had demanded clarification from Russia on whether the ships would be used in action against Syrian civilians.
According to the Foreign Ministry, Spain had originally given the Russian fleet permission to dock in September.
Earlier this month, Russia announced that its only aircraft carrier, the Admiral Kuznetsov, and part of its Northern Fleet would be sent to the eastern Mediterranean.
The naval group also contains a nuclear-powered battle cruiser, two anti-submarine warships and four support vessels, according to NATO officials.
Pressure from NATO
Madrid faced pressure from its allies on Wednesday to refuse permission for Russian ships to refuel at a port in the North African enclave of Ceuta.
NATO, which has been monitoring the progress of the flotilla, previously said the refueling decision is ultimately Spain's to make, but the military alliance expressed concern that the ships could be used in Russian airstrikes in Syria.
NATO has raised concerns that Russia's aircraft carrier could be used to aid airstrikes in Aleppo
"It is up to each nation to decide, as has been NATO policy for many years, but we are concerned about the potential use of this carrier group to increase attacks against civilians in Aleppo," NATO Secretary-General Jens Stoltenberg said.
"All allies are aware of our concerns," they added.
Former Belgium prime minister and the leader of the liberal alliance in European parliament, Guy Verhofstadt, tweeted their disapproval of the possible refueling.
The Russian ships are carrying dozens of fighter bombers and helicopters, NATO diplomats said, adding that the flotilla is expected to join around 10 other Russian naval vessels.
Spain, which is a member of NATO, regularly allows Russian warships to stop in Ceuta. Since April 2010, Spain has received 60 stop-overs by the Russian military, with the most recent one this past October 16.
Russia has been undertaking a bombing campaign in Syria over the past year in support of President Bashar al-Assad. NATO and other allies have criticized the air campaign for causing civilian fatalities as well as impeding the delivery of humanitarian aid.
cb, rs/sms (AFP, Reuters, EFE)
Robert Wagner will reprise their role as Tony DiNozzo Senior in "NCIS" Season 14. This, in turn, sparked rumors that former lead actor Michael Weatherly would potentially reappear in the show as well. Aside from that, CBS Network has finally released the official plot description of the premiere episode entitled 'Rogue'.
Robert Wagner will be a part of "NCIS" Season 14. According to Movie News Guide, the 86-year old American stage, screen, and television actor will officially reprise their role as Tony DiNozzo Senior.
Because of that, fans speculated that Michael Weatherly would also reappear in the series. However, this time, Weatherly would only appear as a guest star. The former lead actor did, in fact, stated that he's still open to the notion.
DiNozzo Senior happens to be Special Agent Anthony "Tony" DiNozzo Jr.'s father. They first appeared in the "Flash and Blood" episode during the 7th season of "NCIS".
On the other hand, Sean Murray's Timothy 'Tim' McGee has been rumored to get promoted this season. TV Fanatic has reported that the 38-year old actor will replace Special Agent Tony DiNozzo Jr.'s shoes.
As for the official plot synopsis of "NCIS" Season 14 premiere episode, TV Guide notes, "The NCIS (Naval Criminal Investigative Service) team investigating a deadly car explosion in Washington, D.C., that is linked to an NCIS special agent who disappeared six months ago while on a deep undercover assignment in Argentina.
Meanwhile, Leroy Jethro Gibbs (Mark Harmon) asks NCIS special agent Alexandra 'Alex' Quinn (Jennifer Esposito) to shadow their team after rejecting eight agents they instructed and referred for an open agent position."
"NCIS" Season 14 episode 1 is entitled as "Rogue". The upcoming episode is scheduled to premiere on Tuesday, September 20, 2016, at 8:00 p.m. first and exclusive on CBS Network.
About This Game
Features:
CRAFT YOUR OWN COMBO
GAMEPAD SUPPORT
INTERESTING ENEMIES
TERRIFYING BOSSES
LARGE GAME AREAS
UNLOCKABLES
MYSTERIOUS LORE
UPTEMPO SOUNDTRACK
Riptale is a challenging 2D roguelike action game aiming to make sword combat be as bloody and impactful as possible. The player collects gems that allow them to execute different attacks in the order of their choosing. All this results in a symphony of combos that fill the screen with blood and guts. If Riptale was a board game it would shoot scissors at you.Instead of erratic hacking of the attack button the player must instead first aim at their target and then strike. The attacks are powered by arcane gems which make them powerful enough to bring down the ancient dragons threatening the world. Each gem takes a few moments to recharge, which means the attacks must be planned carefully lest they run out at the worst possible moment.Purchase attack gems and line them up the way you want to fight.Unlock the true power in your attacks by utilizing the analogue stick.Encounter dragons and mystical cultists and end their reign of terror.Fight challenging bosses that stand in your way on the journey down.Roam through dark crypts, underground forests, and mushroom caverns.Unlock pets, scarfs, and trinkets by completing achievements and challenges.Piece together the history of the buried civilization by reading books.Paying homage to the classics of yesteryears and preparing you for the action.
Biosphere 2 never lasted too long, but there were certainly many lessons to be learned about living self-sufficiently, and even sustainably. UK-based designer Phil Pauley envisions another biosphere set in the ocean that would create a self-sustaining underwater habitat for aquanauts, tourists, and oceanographic life sciences. Made up of submersible spheres, Sub Biosphere 2 would maintain and support life while acting as a secure underwater seed bank.
Pauley's unique underwater habitat is designed to sustain all of its life support systems — air, water, food, electricity, and other resources — through an “innovative control of variant atmospheric pressures that occur at depth.” Eight living biomes surround a larger central biome that contains all of the control equipment, while the smaller biomes contain spaces where people live, grow food and more.
The large self-sustaining system can float on top of the water or submerge and travel along rails all the way to the ocean floor. Besides supporting and growing life, the biosphere also serves as a seed bank. Sub Biosphere 2 was designed by Phil Pauley and visualised by Pauley Interactive.
They also had roles in 'The Wicker Man,' 'Lisztomania' and 'Love and Death.'
Aubrey Morris, the character actor who played probation officer Mr. Deltoid in Stanley Kubrick's 1971 film A Clockwork Orange, has died. They were 89.
Morris, whose career spanned more than five decades and included roles in such films as The Wicker Man (1973) and Lisztomania (1975), died Wednesday, their agent confirmed to THR.
Best known for their role in A Clockwork Orange, Morris had a memorable scene in which their character, probation officer Mr. Deltoid, tries to reform Alex (Malcolm McDowell). "I'm warning you, little Alex, being a good friend to you as always, the one man in this sore and sick community who wants to save you from yourself!" they tell Alex as they hit them in the groin.
Morris also is known for their role as the gravedigger in Robin Hardy's horror film The Wicker Man, co-starring Edward Woodward and Christopher Lee, as well as the 1985 sci-fi film Lifeforce, about space vampires who invade London. The character actor had roles in lighter fare as well, such as Woody Allen's 1975 comedy Love and Death and dramedy My Girl 2 with Dan Aykroyd and Jamie Lee Curtis. In Lisztomania, a comedy about composer-pianist Franz Liszt (played by Roger Daltrey), they play a manager.
Morris was born in 1926, in Portsmouth, Hampshire, England, to a large family. One of nine children, Morris and their siblings were appreciative of the arts, with sisters Julia and Sonia becoming professional dancers and brother Wolfe becoming an actor.
After studying at Portsmouth Municipal College, Morris won a Leverhulme scholarship to study at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art in London. They made their professional debut in The Winter's Tale at London's Regent's Park in 1944.
Their small-screen debut was in 1948 for the BBC's restaging of Fly Away Peter (he had starred in the West End theatrical production a year earlier). Morris went on to star in a number of TV series, including The Avengers, The Prisoner, The Sweeney, The Molly Wopsies, The Saint and Ripping Yarns. Their most recent TV roles include Deadwood, in which they portrayed Chesterton, and It's Always Sunny in Philadelphia.
Former CBS News anchor Dan Rather spoke out about President Trump Donald John TrumpHouse committee believes it has evidence Trump requested putting ally in charge of Cohen probe: report Vietnamese airline takes steps to open flights to US on sidelines of Trump-Kim summit Manafort's attorneys say they should get less than 10 years in prison MORE's missile strike in Syria on Friday, critical of media figures who were quick to say that the strike was a presidential move.
"The number of members of the press who have lauded the actions last night as 'presidential' is concerning," Rather said in a Facebook post.
"War must never be considered a public relations operation. It is not a way for an Administration to gain a narrative," Rather continued. "It is a step into a dangerous unknown and its full impact is impossible to predict, especially in the immediate wake of the first strike."
Rather's post came after several media figures, including CNN host Fareed Zakaria said Trump's missile strike in Syria shows them displaying the same qualities as America's past leaders.
ADVERTISEMENT
“I think Donald Trump became president of the United States last night,” they said Friday on CNN's “New Day." "I think this was actually a big moment.”
“For the first time really as president, they talked about international norms, international rules, about America's role in enforcing justice in the world,” Zakaria, the host of CNN's "GPS," said of Trump's remarks explaining the military action late Thursday.
The U.S. launched a missile strike late Thursday in response to a chemical attack earlier this week that officials said was conducted by Syrian President Bashar Assad's military. Nearly 60 Tomahawk cruise missiles were fired at a Syrian air base in the attack.
How I Changed My Resume And Went From Zero to Many Replies — True Story
Amit Juneja Blocked Unblock Follow Mar 29, 2017
I currently work as a Software Engineer, and I have a story to share with my fellow developers and engineers
No matter what field you belong to, everyone is delusional about their skills to some extent.
For a newbie who just learnt how to write basic programs in a language like Python, he/she is already “qualified” for Google!
I say this from personal experience because I was in the same boat when I first learnt Python many years ago.
Now let's tie this back to our topic — Bad Resumes!
The Story of Don Joe
Imagine a person called Don Joe. Don thinks they are going to have $100,000 in their bank account next month from a business they started recently because the first couple of transactions have been successful. Don also decides to flaunt that they are rich so they can attract girls and eventually date the prettier ones.
But to Don's surprise, most girls start to look through their false claims of money more easily than they imagined. What gives them away is that they still wear ordinary clothes, drives an ordinary car and upon further searching you can find their house which is also pretty ordinary.
Some girls are too busy to analyze Don's personality and end up judging them based on the words they have to say about himself. They finally reject them because based on the words they said, the girls don't think they have any quality they are looking for.
In some cases the girls just can't date a person from outside their city.
The remaining few decide to give them one chance out of curiosity but reject them after the first date because they fail to buy them an expensive dinner. Thats the least they can do if they claim to be rich, right?
Ultimately, Don realizes that even if they actually have $100,000 in their bank account next month, they cannot mislead people by calling themselves rich right now.
In this little analogy, your bank balance refers to your skills and experience
In my many attempts to create an appealing resume, here is where I went wrong
DONTs
I applied to places which required more work experience than I had
I failed to highlight all of my contributions for the skill I am actually good at
I failed to use important keywords in my resume
I overly formatted my resume and made it harder for ATS (Applicant Tracking Systems) to find the relevant keywords
I applied to jobs which had been posted 3 or 4+ weeks ago
After many hit and trails, I finally have an answer to what makes your resume get more hits
DOs
Keep the formatting to a minimum. I use a resume created by Indeed (for free) because they are ATS friendly.
I confirmed this on Jobscan where I got a better match rate with my Indeed resume than my formatted one for a specific job description. Both of them essentially had the same information.
I confirmed this on Jobscan where I got a better match rate with my Indeed resume than my formatted one for a specific job description. Both of them essentially had the same information. Write all of your contributions for your work experience in a PAR format. PAR stands for Problem — Action — Result
Example:
Administered cloud deployments using custom automation tools built with Ansible / Python. Reduced the downtime by 40% during maintenances
It is very important to have most of the relevant keywords from the job description on your resume. Do not force the keywords though
If the description says it is looking for Python , Django and React.js , and if you have never worked with React.js, do not put it on your resume just for the sake of getting a match. You will mislead your employer and will eventually fail the pre-screening tests.
Jobscan can be a very helpful tool here
keywords from the job description on your resume. Do not force the keywords though If the description says it is looking for Python , Django and React.js , and if you have never worked with React.js, do not put it on your resume just for the sake of getting a match. You will mislead your employer and will eventually fail the pre-screening tests. Jobscan can be a very helpful tool here I usually apply to jobs where I have experience in at least 80% of the relevant keywords (hard skills). This approach saves me multiple rejection emails
If a job description says they want a developer with 5+ years of work experience, and your resume clearly says that you have 2 years of work experience then save your energy and do not apply. If an employer was okay with 2 years of work experience, then they would have written so in the job description.
In my opinion , job descriptions are to be treated as the ultimate source of truth .
experience, and your resume clearly says that you have 2 years of experience then save your energy and do not apply. If an employer was okay with 2 years of work experience, then they would have written so in the job description. In my opinion , . Projects do not count as work experience. Been there done that
Recruiters will look right through you on that one
count as work experience. Been there done that Recruiters will look right through you on that one Be very clear and honest about your visa situation. If the employer says they cannot sponsor ( H1B ) and you may require sponsorship to work in the future, then it is better to find an employer who will sponsor in the future even if you have temporary work authorization right now .
Apply early . If you apply to positions which have been open for a few weeks, then there is a good chance that the position has been filled already. This is especially true for Fortune 500 companies
. If you apply to positions which have been open for a few weeks, then there is a good chance that the position has been filled already. This is especially true for Fortune 500 companies If a recruiter will look at your resume instead of the ATS, they will only look at it for about 30 seconds and the probability of going to the next page is very less. Make sure all of the relevant information and keywords can be scanned by human eyes in 30 seconds on your resume.
I hope this information helps someone, because after I completed my studies and was available in the job market, it took me a few months to figure out how applying for developer and engineer positions work when you do not have 5+ years of experience!
I saw an exponential increase in interview invites after I started following the points I have mentioned in this article
So how did you come to play the piano on Dylan's speech?
I got a voice mail from Bob's business manager. I chuckled. “Wow, maybe I'm going back on tour!”
So I called back, and they said, “Have you ever watched those old clips of Steve Allen interviewing people, when they play the piano?” And I was like, yeah! And they said, “Well, we need some of that kind of music.” You know, not really melodic, not cocktail, not super jazzy, but sort of background-y piano music.
They said, “We need it tomorrow morning.”
When was this?
This was last Thursday. So I went to my home studio, put together two minutes of music and sent it off. Ten minutes later I got a call saying: “This is totally what we're looking for. Bob loves it.”
I spent the better part of the day just playing. It was a really joyful process. I had total freedom. But on the other hand, I had a lot of boundaries and restrictions. I sent the music on Friday.
Did you know what it was for?
All I knew at that point is that it was a spoken-word thing that Bob was doing. I had a hunch it might have something to do with the Nobel. When I sent it to the business manager, I said, “Can you fill me in on what I'm doing here?” They said, “Yeah, this is for Bob's speech for the Nobel.” I was like, “Oh God, what an honor!” I just thought it was a really cool gig.
The U.S. Supreme Court handed medical marijuana patients and advocates a resounding victory on Monday, refusing to hear a case brought by San Diego County, which has long chafed at implementing statewide medical marijuana laws.
The state of California, in an effort to systematize the 1996 voter-approved initiative, required localities to implement identification card programs for patients with doctor approval in 2004. Such ID cards are required to enter medical marijuana shops in California and can be shown to police officers who find patients in possession of marijuana.
San Diego County, however, argued that the federal ban on marijuana trumps the state law, meaning they are not required to follow the state law. The county filed suit in 2006. Both the San Diego Superior Court and the Fourth District Court of Appeals rejected the argument, which was followed by the California Supreme Court's refusal to review the case in 2008.
The San Diego Board of Supervisors voted to appeal to the Supreme Court.
"The courts have made clear that federal law does not preempt California's medical marijuana law and that local officials must comply with that law," said Joe Elford, chief counsel with Americans for Safe Access (ASA), a national medical marijuana advocacy group with a large presence in California. "No longer will local officials be able to hide behind federal law and resist upholding California's medical marijuana law."
It is not the job, in other words, of local cops or municipalities to enforce federal laws. In fact, the federal government has never made such an argument. The California counties acted on their own.
The Supreme Court ruling, following the Obama administration's decision not to raid medical marijuana clubs acting in accordance with state law, removes one of the last barriers to full implementation of the state law.
ASA has now given notice to 10 conservative holdout counties (Colusa, Madera, Mariposa, Modoc, Mono, San Bernardino, San Diego, Solano, Stanislaus, and Sutter) of their legal obligation to implement the ID card program. In January 2009, ASA, something of an industry trade group, filed a lawsuit in January against Solano County for its refusal to implement the state ID card program.
ASA was joined by the ACLU Drug Law Reform Project in assisting the California Attorney General in the case against San Diego. San Bernardino teamed with San Diego.
"The Supreme Court and the lower courts in California have blown away the myth that federal law somehow prevents states from legalizing medical marijuana," said Rob Kampia, executive director for the Marijuana Policy Project.
Thirteen states have laws that allow certain folks to use medical marijuana if their doctor recommends it. Illinois, Minnesota, New Hampshire, New Jersey and New York are currently considering medical marijuana bills in their state legislatures.
Ryan Grim is the author of the forthcoming book This Is Your Country On Drugs: The Secret History of Getting High in America
WHITEVILLE, N.C. — A 70-year-old man wrongly convicted of the 1976 stabbing deaths of a mother and daughter walked out of prison Friday, saying they were looking forward to sleeping in a real bed and maybe swimming in a pool.
After serving nearly four decades behind bars, Joseph Sledge was found innocent by a three-judge panel who heard testimony from a DNA expert. The expert said none of the evidence collected in the case — hair, DNA and fingerprints — belonged to Sledge.
A key jailhouse informant had also recanted their story, saying authorities promised them leniency in their own case for their trial testimony against Sledge.
A district attorney who was not originally involved apologized to Sledge and promised to reopen the investigation.
“The system has made a mistake,” district attorney Jon David said.
After the judges' decision was announced, Sledge was still for a moment, then hugged their lawyer and family members. Soon after, they walked out of the Columbus County Detention Center, spoke to reporters and got in a car with family members. They were headed to Savannah, Georgia, where Sledge was set to live with one of their brothers.
Asked what they were looking forward to doing, they replied: “Going home. Relaxing. Sleeping in a real bed. Probably get in a pool of water and swim.”
Sledge was convicted of two counts of second-degree murder and sentenced to life in prison in the September 1976 slayings of 74-year-old Josephine Davis and their 57-year-old daughter, Aileen.
They were found stabbed to death in their home in Elizabethtown, a day after Sledge had escaped from a prison work farm where they were serving a four-year sentence for larceny.
Sledge is the eighth person exonerated after the state set up the North Carolina Innocence Inquiry Commission, the only state-run investigative agency of its kind. The commission found there was enough doubt to review Sledge's case, and the state Supreme Court appointed the three judges to have the final say.
The key jailhouse informant, Herman Baker, signed an affidavit in 2013 recanting trial testimony. Baker said they lied at the 1978 trial after being promised leniency in their own drug case and they said he'd been coached by authorities on what to say.
The commission began operation in 2007. It has completed reviews of about 1,500 cases.
The nonprofit Innocence Project said there have been 325 post-conviction DNA exonerations in the U.S.
A hacker added code to several web sites of CBS's Showtime network that stole computing power from online visitors in order to mine digital currencies, offering a new twist on illicit profiteering from the boom in cryptocurrencies.
The exploit was discovered over the weekend and the unauthorized code was removed by Monday, tech news site The Register reported. Showtime's popular shows include Homeland, Billions, and Shameless.
New coins in digital currencies like bitcoin and ethereum are created through the number crunching of mathematical calculations that verify transactions. That typically requires banks of high-powered computers gobbling huge amounts of electricity–and cutting into the profits of “mining” the new coins. The unknown hacker or hackers used the CBS (cbs) unit's web sites to get around that cost by, in effect, hijacking the processing power of visitors to the web site to run a mining program for a digital currency called Monero.
Using javascript code, the hackers were able to gain up to 60% of the processing capacity of visitors' computers to mine Monero, one of the many smaller alternatives to leading currency bitcoin that have cropped up over the past few years. Each Monero digital coin is worth more than $94. The currency bills itself as “a secure, private, and untraceable cryptocurrency.”
The code was placed in sections of the web site that appeared to be part of analytics software from online data analysis firm New Relic.
Get Data Sheet, Fortune's technology newsletter.
Showtime declined to comment to Fortune.
New Relic (newr) said it was not responsible for the hacking. “We take the security of our Browser Agent extremely seriously and have multiple controls in place to detect malicious or unauthorized modification of its script at various points along its development and deployment pipeline,” New Relic said in a statement. “Upon reviewing our products and code, the HTML comments shown in the screenshot that are referencing newrelic were not injected by New Relic's agents. It appears they were added to the website by its developers.”
The Showtime hack wasn't the first appearance of the javascript mining code. Last week, the Pirate Bay, the popular web search site for a bit torrent files, added similar code to use visitors' computers to mine Monero. The site fessed up to the maneuver in a blog post, saying the idea was to raise money to finance the site without needing to rely on advertising.
“As you may have noticed we are testing a Monero javascript miner,” the web site noted. “This is only a test. We really want to get rid of all the ads. But we also need enough money to keep the site running.”
(Updated on Sept. 26 with comment from New Relic.)
Photos from social media show the aftermath of an incident in Kunduz, Afghanistan where U.S. forces may have mistakenly bombed a hospital, killing at least nine people. Officials warned the death toll could rise as dozens of people remain unaccounted for. (Médecins Sans Frontières Global)
Photos from social media show the aftermath of an incident in Kunduz, Afghanistan where U.S. forces may have mistakenly bombed a hospital, killing at least nine people. Officials warned the death toll could rise as dozens of people remain unaccounted for. (Médecins Sans Frontières Global)
An airstrike apparently carried out by U.S. forces heavily damaged a charitable hospital in northern Afghanistan on Saturday, killing at least 19 people — three of them reportedly children — in an incident that a senior U.N. official equated to a war crime.
The airstrike occurred before dawn when a Doctors Without Borders trauma center in war-torn Kunduz was struck while doctors were treating dozens of patients. Hospital officials said they were assaulted from the air for 30 to 45 minutes, resulting in a large fire that burned some patients to death in their beds. Among those killed were 12 of the charity group's staff members, the group said.
“This attack is abhorrent and a grave violation of international humanitarian law,” said Meinie Nicolai, the group's president.
While the charity's workers reported waves of bombs hitting their facility, the U.S.-led military coalition in Kabul issued a statement confirming one American airstrike that may have caused “collateral damage” to a “medical facility.” Authorities said it was launched against “insurgents who were directly firing upon U.S. servicemembers” who had traveled to Kunduz to advise Afghan security forces.
The hospital disaster came at the end of a week in which U.S. forces had to step up their involvement in Afghanistan's chaotic 14-year war, despite President Obama's pledge to reduce the U.S. role and remove most American troops from the country by the end of 2016.
U.S. fighter jets and Special Operations troops were dispatched to the area after Taliban militants on Monday overran Kunduz, Afghanistan's sixth-
largest city.
[U.S. troops dispatched to Kunduz to help Afghan forces]
It was unclear how close Taliban fighters may have been to the hospital Saturday or whether the U.S. military didn't realize the building was a hospital. Afghan security officials said Taliban fighters had been pouring into the facility in recent days seeking treatment for gunshot wounds and other injuries.
The charity and other international organizations reacted with outrage, and the hospital's management said it had repeatedly informed the U.S.-led coalition of the facility's precise GPS coordinates over the past few months. The location of the hospital was last conveyed to the international coalition three days before the airstrike, officials added.
Independent probe sought
In a statement, the United Nations' top human rights official called for an independent, public investigation.
“This event is utterly tragic, inexcusable and, possibly, even criminal,” said Zeid Ra'ad al-
Hussein, the U.N. high commissioner for human rights, adding that “if established as deliberate in a court of law, an airstrike on a hospital may amount to a war crime.”
Jason Cone, executive director of Doctors Without Borders in the United States, said hospital officials in Kunduz immediately reached out to U.S. military officials when the airstrike occurred.
An airstrike damaged much of the Doctors Without Borders hospital in Kunduz. (Msf/AFP/Getty Images)
“The bombing continued for more than 30 minutes after American and Afghan military officials in Kabul and Washington were first informed,” the organization said in a statement.
A U.S. military official, speaking on the condition of anonymity to talk freely, said the strike appears to have been carried out by an AC-130 gunship, a heavily armed warplane.
Late Saturday, Obama extended their condolences to those killed and injured and said in a statement that “the Department of Defense has launched a full investigation, and we will await the results of that inquiry before making a definitive judgment as to the circumstances of this tragedy.”
‘The only advanced hospital'
Afghan President Ashraf Ghani said Army Gen. John F. Campbell, commander of the U.S.-led coalition forces in Afghanistan, called them Saturday to offer condolences. But U.S. Defense Secretary Ashton B. Carter was cautious in a statement issued Saturday, saying that “a full investigation” was underway and that they were extending prayers to those affected. “We are still trying to determine exactly what happened,” their statement said.
In all, at least 12 Doctors Without Borders staff members were killed along with seven patients, three of them children, the group said. At least 37 other people were seriously injured, including 19 staff members. The hospital was “partially destroyed” in the attack, which began shortly after 2 a.m., the group said.
“The bombs hit, and then we heard the plane circle round,” said Heman Nagarathnam, who is the charity's head of programs in northern Afghanistan. “There was a pause, and then more bombs hit. This happened again and again. When I made it out from the office, the main hospital building was engulfed in flames.”
Those who could, Nagarathnam said, hid in the hospital's bunker. Medical staff and critically ill patients, however, were left exposed to the ensuing fire.
A nurse working at the hospital, Lajos Zoltan Jecs, said that when they and other staff members emerged from a safe room after the attack, they looked into the intensive care unit, which was on fire.
“Six patients were burning in their beds,” they said in a statement issued by Doctors Without Borders. “There are no words for how terrible it was,” they said.
Mirza Laghmani, a local resident, said Afghan soldiers were battling militants near the hospital when Saturday's airstrike took place.
“The Taliban are taking and evacuating their wounded fighters to the hospital for treatment,” said Laghmani, who said the militant group still controls most of the city. “It was the only advanced hospital” in the area.
Abdul Qahar Aram, spokesperson for the Afghan army's 209th Corps in northern Afghanistan, on Saturday said Taliban fighters are now hiding in “people's houses, mosques and hospitals using civilians as human shields.”
Sultan Arab, a local police commander in Kunduz, said the hospital came under an airstrike “because the Taliban had shifted their command center inside the hospital.”
Doctors Without Borders, which operates in 20 countries and was honored with the Nobel Peace Prize in 1999, prides itself on treating any patient in need of assistance.
Throughout the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan, the U.S. military has faced criticism over civilian casualties and “friendly fire” incidents. Former Afghan president Hamid Karzai repeatedly accused the U.S. military of being reckless in how it carried out airstrikes. But after Ghani replaced Karzai last year, relations between the Afghan government and coalition officials improved dramatically.
Ghani, who is hoping that Obama rethinks their timetable for removing troops from Afghanistan, did not directly criticize the United States for the tragedy.
The U.S. military official said Special Forces soldiers were on the ground advising Afghan forces when they detected incoming fire from Taliban fighters. They received authorization to return fire at an area that was apparently close to the hospital, the official said.
The AC-130 gunship, commonly known as the Spectre, can stay above a target for long amounts of time and carries a number of weapons, including a 105mm cannon.
On Saturday, as the main hospital building was still smoldering, Doctors Without Borders circulated photographs showing the aftermath of the bombing. In one photo, a health-care worker in blood-stained scrubs huddled in a corner with another man.
Later in the day, hospital officials began evacuating patients to another facility about two hours' drive away, a risky undertaking because fierce fighting continues across swaths of northeastern Afghanistan.
There are mounting concerns that an already grim humanitarian situation in Kunduz will worsen in the coming days.
“The dead bodies are lying on the streets, both the Taliban and also civilians, and no one is allowed to pick up the bodies,” said Laghmani, the local resident. “There is also an electricity shortage, a water shortage plus a bread shortage.”
There have been several incidents in the past in which U.S. airstrikes inadvertently caused large numbers of civilian casualties.
In 2002, the U.S. military mistakenly bombed a wedding in Afghanistan's central province of Uruzgan, killing more than 35 people. In 2009, the U.S.-led coalition bombed two tanker trucks in Kunduz, igniting a fireball that killed 74 civilians, according to the United Nations Assistance Mission.
Missy Ryan and Thomas Gibbons-Neff in Washington, and Mohammad Sharif in Kabul contributed to this report.
Read more:
Afghans who once watched war from afar forced to flee as front lines shift
U.S. troops dispatched to Kunduz to help Afghan forces
In Taliban-held Kunduz, echoes of a 1988 guerrilla assault after the Soviets withdrew
Doctors, aid workers fight Ebola in West Africa, then fear of disease in U.S.
Community
On Thursday, September 17, 2015 at 9:24 PM, Anchorage Police received multiple calls from people who heard shots fired in the 900 block of W 27th Avenue. The vast majority of the callers did not see anything but heard the gunfire. Police responded and made contact with a homeowner in the area. The homeowner stated they went outside their home and noticed that an umbrella they had sitting by their fence was gone. The homeowner then noticed a man standing across the street, wearing a mask, and holding an umbrella. The homeowner asked the man if the umbrella was his. The masked man replied, "It is now," and then pulled a gun on the homeowner. The homeowner retreated, was able to take cover behind a car, and then fired several shots at the masked man when they noticed the suspect was still pointing a gun at him.
After the shots were fired the suspect ran away on foot. Anchorage Police formed a perimeter, and attempted a K9 track. The track was difficult, and ultimately unsuccessful, as there was a lot of foot-traffic in the area. The perimeter was broken down at 10:41 PM. No charges have been filed in this incident.
Anyone who has not yet spoken to police, and has information regarding this incident, is asked to call Dispatch at 907-786-8900 (press "0" to reach an operator). You may also remain anonymous by calling Crime Stoppers at 907-561-STOP or online at anchoragecrimestoppers.com.
APD Case 15-37970
NATO is only obliged to collectively defend its own member states against attack from outside. Many European politicians must currently be secretly relieved by the existence of the principle. If Ukraine were a member of NATO, the annexation of Crimea in March would have plunged the Western alliance into an immediate military confrontation with Russia.
Yet only a few years ago, there was serious discussion about inviting Ukraine and Georgia to join the alliance. At the 2008 NATO summit in Bucharest, the United States, under President George W. Bush, campaigned vehemently in favor. However, several European states - including Germany - had misgivings, because even then they were concerned about the possibility of serious tensions with Russia.
Today, Berlin is more convinced of this than ever. Michael Gahler is the spokesperson on security policy issues for the conservative European People's Party (EPP) group in the European parliament. They point out that in 2008, there also wasn't a clear majority of Ukrainians in favor of the idea. Gahler said that adopting restraint with regard to Russia was tied to the expectation "that Russia would respect this, and behave accordingly."
Georgia as forerunner
The Americans, however, are still aggressively in favor of accession. Last weekend, on a visit to the Georgian capital, Tbilisi, US Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel said that their country would continue to push for Georgia to join NATO. The US is also considering selling military helicopters to the country.
There are clear parallels between Georgia and Ukraine. Many people see the Russian occupation of the Georgian territories of Abkhazia and South Ossetia in 2008 as the forerunner for the annexation of Crimea in 2014. There was a storm of protest back then, too, but the West did not intervene and appeared to come to terms with the new situation.
In the United States, both Democrat politician Robert Menendez, chairperson of the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee, and the Republican Senator John McCain have spoken out in favor of supplying weapons to the Ukrainian army. But Western European politicians believe Russian President Vladimir Putin would see this as a provocation, and tantamount to handing them an excuse to invade.
Around a fifth of Georgian territory is under Russian control
Will Ukraine become a second Afghanistan?
There are therefore two very different, conflicting interpretations of the situation. The majority of European NATO states do not want to unnecessarily provoke Russia, while the US and some of NATO's eastern members who suffered under Soviet occupation argue the opposite. They point out that if Ukraine were already a NATO member, it might have deterred Putin from their Crimean adventure.
Roland Freudenstein, a security policy expert with the Brussels think-tank Wilfried Martens Center, believes that the refusal to make concrete plans for membership in 2008 "strongly encouraged Putin to embroil Georgia in a war." Stronger military ties to NATO would at least have made Russian aggression less likely, they told DW.
Freudenstein is now in favor of providing limited military support to the Ukrainian forces, "in order to repulse completely unprovoked aggression, or at least to drive the cost of it up so high that the Kremlin will reconsider such action." Russia, they said, does not have "unlimited possibilities for intervention," and the "disaster in Afghanistan" will still be fresh in its memory.
The EPP's Michael Gahler stressed that "not even Russia would claim that Ukraine intends to threaten Russian territorial integrity." Ukraine's military actions are, they said, purely defensive.
Should the West help arm Ukraine?
No sphere of influence for Russia
Both Freudenstein and Gahler reject the idea of granting Russia a "sphere of influence," which many Western politicians have implied could be a possibility.
The two experts said that every country has the right to choose its alliances freely, and that NATO membership for the two countries must also remain a possibility, at least in principle. Freudenstein added that excluding Ukraine and Georgia "would constitute a reward for Russia's conduct."
However, Gahler said that "stable majority support from the population" would be a requirement, as would the approval of any such accession by all current NATO member states. The latter is certainly not in the cards at present. Whether that changes, said Gahler, also depends on "what kind of Russia we will be dealing with in future." With Putin's Russia it would not be feasible, they added.
But both experts agree that this doesn't mean the West should simply stand by and do nothing. "NATO and the EU need a new Ostpolitik," said Freudenstein. The EU should, they said, make approaches to civil society and consolidate relationships with elites by way of trade, grants and the lifting of visa restrictions. NATO should also, they said, continue military cooperation beneath the membership threshold, "whether or not that pleases the men in the Kremlin."
Gahler also backed greater civil and military cooperation, but added that at the same time it's important "to continue the dialogue between the EU and Russia," and to closely follow the dialogues between Russia and Ukraine, Georgia and Moldova. There are many differences between America and Europe where dealings with Russia are concerned, as well as among the Europeans themselves, but presumably these are demands on which all are able to agree.
The 15th and final bittersweet season of American Idol is underway, and all season long, Yahoo Music's Reality Rocks is inviting alumni from the series to share their stories. This week's essay is by Adore Delano, a successful electropop recording artist (preorder their sophomore album, After Party, here) and a top three finalist from RuPaul's Drag Race Season 6. (Catch them on the RuPaul's Drag Race Battle of the Seasons tour here.) But before Drag Race, Adore competed on American Idol Season 7 as controversial teen contestant Danny Noriega. While Adore's Drag Race run was much more successful than Danny's Idol attempt (Danny stalled in the top 16 week), both stints were incredibly memorable. Here, Adore writes about their very unique Idol experience.
(Danny Noriega is now Adore Delano. Photos: Fox/Logo)
I tried out twice for American Idol – once in Season 6, when I was cut during Hollywood Week, and then I made it through to the top 16 the following year. (It was kind of the same with RuPaul's Drag Race; it took two attempts for me to get on that show, too.) I always knew I wanted to be a singer, but I didn't have any knowledge of what to do about it, so I was like, “Oh yeah, let's enter this TV show.” It seemed like a good idea at the time. All I wanted to do was sing, but there was a lot about the industry that I didn't know – and it showed! I was very young and naïve, and it was a very confusing time.
It's so funny to think about it now, but I kind of toned everything down about myself for Idol. When it came down to song choices, or hair choices, or stuff like that, producers had the final say. I never got to sing, for instance, a female artist's song. I wanted to put extensions in my hair, and I wanted to perform the Joan Jett version of “I Love Rock ‘n' Roll,” and they didn't let me do that. I think all this mostly came from Simon Fuller and Nigel Lythgoe. I recall a couple of interviews on the red carpet, on the day that I was eliminated, when Nigel said stuff like, "I'm happy that people are more focused more on contestants' voices than what the contestants look like or their hair.” And that was the day that I was having a bad hair day and we had been joking about it!
I had moments on Idol that were really fun, and then there were certain moments that were dark – all in the short time that I was there. Ironically, now “I Love Rock ‘n' Roll” is one of my staple songs in my show as Adore Delano.
Honestly, my best memory of being on Idol is something very simple. I remember we were staying at the Sheraton Hotel on Beverly Blvd., across the street from the Beverly Center mall, and there was a Taco Bell on the corner. Ramiele Malubay and I would always sneak out (because we had a curfew), and we'd go to Taco Bell and just eat on the streets of West Hollywood. It was just so fun to be rebellious.
My most negative experience was when we were sitting in the round circle onstage, in that Coca-Cola area with the big couch, and I remember Asia'h Epperson and I were about to get a lemonade and Nigel was sitting with us. They said something to Asia'h, sort of insinuating that they were going to be OK on that night's results show: “Don't even worry about it!” And they literally got eliminated as soon as the cameras turned on after they said that. I was so, so mad at Nigel for doing that. Asia'h was so shocked and so scared, and I know they did that for TV – to get a fresh reaction on camera from them Everyone was upset that they did that; there were very negative vibes all around. I was like, “F— this!”
What are the Most Dangerous Appliances in Your Home?
It's no secret that the home is – ahem – home to a number of dangerous products. But can your humble appliances be plotting to kill you? We asked our accident attorneys and the answer might surprise you.
Toaster It is estimated that over 700 people worldwide are killed each year as a result of toaster fires and electrocutions. Any toasters manufactured after 2001 are equipped with an “Anti-Jam” and auto shutoff mechanism, however, these can fail after years of use and buildup of food. Toasters can contain exposed live electrical currents that can lead to electrical shock burns and even death – i.e. don't stick a knife in the toaster to remove jammed toast. Unplug it first.
Microwave Microwaves are non-ionizing radiation, so they do not have the same risks as x-rays or other types of ionizing radiation. But, microwave radiation can heat body tissues the same way it heats food. Exposure to high levels of microwaves can cause skin burns or cataracts. The thermal effects of microwaves can cause testicular degeneration and lower sperm count. Food reheated in a microwave oven typically reaches lower temperature than classically reheated, therefore pathogens are more likely to survive. The FDA reports that serious skin burns or scalding injuries can occur around people's hands and faces as a result of hot water erupting out of a cup after it had been over-heated in a microwave oven. They maintain that over-heating of water in a cup can result in superheated water (past its boiling temperature) without appearing to boil.
Dishwashers Responsible for over 1,000 fires between 2002 and 2009. The dishwasher's door gasket may be contaminated with fungus and black yeast. In fact, as many as 60% of all dishwashers may be contaminated. Load the knives point down – A UK woman died after they slipped in their kitchen and landed on knives lying upright in a dishwasher in a freak accident.
Space Heaters Nearly 300 people are killed annually in the U.S. in an estimated 21,000 fires caused by space heaters. Spaces heaters can also pose the hazards of gas leaks and carbon monoxide poisoning
Ranges/ Cook Tops Responsible for over 16,000 fires in the U.S. between 2002 and 2009. Cooking is the cause of nearly 43% of home and over 16% of home fire deaths.
Many of the victims and their families have grounds for wrongful death suits in these cases. If you find yourself in this situation, don't hesitate to call one of our experienced personal injury lawyers in San Diego.
Now that it's finally been examined, a shipwreck found decades years ago off the Israeli coast turns out to be a long-lost ship that Baron Edmond James de Rothschild used to bring supplies from France to the Holy Land, suggest archaeologists from Haifa University. Lost from the record, the ship apparently sank very near its destination, the Israeli coast more than 100 years ago.
That would explain what happened to the mysteriously missing third ship the baron used to carry raw materials from France to a glass factory they had built at the coastal village of Tantura. The cargo also included roof tiles and other materials for the nearby, newly established Jewish town of Zichron Yaakov.
The baron was known to have sold two of their three ships, but the fate of the third had remained unknown. Now the wreck found off Dor Beach in1976 has been tentatively identified as that ship.
"The ship we have found is structurally consistent with the specifications of the Baron's ships, carried a similar cargo, and sailed and sank during the right period,” stated Dr. Deborah Cvikel and Micky Holtzman, who are investigating the shipwreck.
Early Zionism and carbon-14
Map of Israeli coast showing Dor, where the wreck apparently of Baron de Rothschild's ship was found. Google Maps
French-born Edmond James de Rothschild (1845 –1934), a banker by profession like others of their kin, was an ardent early Zionist. They believed in peaceful coexistence by the dwellers in the land, and in building industry for the Jews to make a living. Among other things, in 1882, using grape species brought over from France, the baron opened wineries (including the Carmel Winery, which exists, and exports, to this day). They also built the glass factory at Tantura to make bottles for the wine, and commissioned three ships – sailed by Jewish crews - to transport the raw materials from factories in France to the glass factory at Tantura.
The Tantura factory was actually established and managed by Meir Dizengoff, who would become the first mayor of Tel Aviv.
Keep updated: Sign up to our newsletter Email * Please enter a valid email address Sign up Please wait… Thank you for signing up. We've got more newsletters we think you'll find interesting. Click here Oops. Something went wrong. Please try again later. Try again Thank you, The email address you have provided is already registered. Close
As said, the two-masted wreck was found decades ago, but it was never thoroughly analyzed until now. In fact the archaeologists who first knew of the shipwreck settled for dating it to a 300-year range, from 1660 to 1960, based on carbon-14 dating of wood.
Rothschild wreck
"The disadvantage of carbon-14 dating of newish ships is that it gives us a very wide range, 300 years in this case," Cvikel told Haaretz. "It could tell us for instance if the ship is from the Ottoman era and not the Byzantine era, but it's difficult to narrow further."
The find was documented by the Israel Archaeology Institute in 1976 but for reasons of priority and economy, further investigation was shelved.
Giveaway factory stamp
Nonetheless, a later excavation in 2008 looked at the ship's contents, which included pots, earthenware, ceramic tiles, roof tiles, barrels, and crates. Analysis of rope found on the ship was crucial to narrowing the date range. Then a more precise dating of the vessel itself, and its last voyage, was enabled by findings on the pots, ceramic tiles, and roof tiles – some of which were stamped with the name of the factory in which they were manufactured. Further circumstantial evidence lies in analysis of the contents of a pot: it contained barium sulfate (BaSO4), used in glassmaking.
Six factory stamps found on the artifacts were all from French factories active in the late 19th century. Once they found the lion motif of a company called Guichard Frères, the date on which the ship sank could be narrowed still further, since this company appears in the Marseille commercial yearbook in 1889-1897.
Let it be clear that the jury's out – this might not be the baron's missing ship after all. People have been sailing and trading in the Mediterranean Sea for millennia. “However, there seem to be more than a few items that connect it with Zichron Yaacov, with the glass factory at Tantura, and with the baron's ships," state the researchers. "Perhaps we can now conclude that the third ship was not sold and condemned to obscurity like its sisters, but sank with its cargo still on board.”
The largest creature to have ever walked the earth - a dinosaur measuring 130 feet and weighing 77 tonnes - has been discovered in Argentina, palaeontologists have said.
Its gigantic bones were found by a local farmworker in a desert in Patagonia, the southern Argentine region that has yielded many important dinosaur discoveries.
Based on the size of the thigh bones – taller than an average person – the dinosaur would have been 130 feet long and 65ft tall, scientists said.
Its calculated 77-tonne weight would have made it as heavy as 14 African elephants, beating the previous record holder, Argentinosaurus, by some seven tonnes.
The palaeontologists say the find is thought to be a new species of titanosaur – a huge herbivore of the long-necked sauropod group that lived in the Late Cretaceous period.
The bones were initially discovered a year ago in the desert near La Flecha, about 135 miles west of the Patagonian town of Trelew, and were this week excavated by a team of palaeontologists from Argentina's Museum of Palaeontology Egidio Feruglio, headed by Dr Jose Luis Carballido and Dr Diego Pol.
They have retrieved some 150 bones said to come from seven individuals, all in “remarkable condition”.
“Given the size of these bones, which surpass any of the previously known giant animals, the new dinosaur is the largest animal known to have walked on Earth,” the researchers told BBC News.
“Its length, from its head to the tip of its tail, was 40 metres.
“Standing with its neck up, it was about 20 metres high – equal to a seven-storey building.”
The gargantuan dinosaur is said to have lived in the forests of Patagonia between 95 and 100 million years ago, based on the age of the rocks in which the bones were embedded.
The giant does not yet have a name, however.
“It will be named describing its magnificence and in honour to both the region and the farm owners who alerted us about the discovery,” the researchers said.
There have been many previous contenders for the mantle of the world's largest dinosaur and some scientists say it is difficult to determine with any certainty which is the winner.
The Argentine researchers say the number of bones discovered give them enough material to be confident they have found “the big one”.
But while Dr Paul Barrett, a dinosaur expert from London's Natural History Museum, agreed the new species is “a genuinely big critter”, they cautioned that further research was needed before declaring the find the world's biggest dinosaur.
Paleontologists also had differing methods for calculating size and weight based on incomplete skeletons, they added.
Argentinosaurus – also from Patagonia and discovered in 1987 – was originally estimated at 100 tonnes but its weight was later revised downwards to around 70.
“Without knowing more about this current find it's difficult to be sure,” Dr Barrett said. “One problem with assessing the weight of both Argentinosaurus and this new discovery is that they're both based on very fragmentary specimens – no complete skeleton is known, which means the animal's proportions and overall shape are conjectural.”
“So it's interesting to hear another really huge sauropod has been discovered, but ideally we'd need much more material of these supersized animals to determine just how big they really got.”
The discovery came in the same week that Argentine palaeontologists announced the discovery of the fossilised remains of a unique member of the sauropods – but one at the other end of the size spectrum.
The fossils, also found in Patagonia, provide the first evidence that the whip-tailed diplodocid sauropods survived well beyond the Jurassic period, when they were thought to have been made extinct, the paleontologists said. This new species has received a name – Leinkupal laticauda – a combination of native Mapuche words for “vanishing” and “family,” and Latin words for “wide” and “tail”.
But by contrast to the titanosaur, this dinosaur is thought to have been just 30 feet long. It may be the smallest of the sauropod family called diplodocids, typified by the well-known Diplodocus, which lived in North America, the researchers said.
Sebastian Apesteguia, palaeontology director at Maimonides University, described Leinkupal laticauda as “a very small guy in a lineage of giants”.
The dinosaur may be the smallest of the sauropod family called diplodocids, typified by the well-known Diplodocus, which lived in North America, they said.
“We don't know the weight but considering that many of its bones were very delicate and light and most of its body was formed by neck and tail, the weight could not be impressive, actually no more than an elephant,” Dr Apesteguia said.
The Leinkupal laticauda remains were found in rocky outcrops of the “Bajada Colorada,” a Cretaceous-era formation south of the town of Picun Leufu in Neuquen province.
The researchers said the discovery was also the first definitive proof that diplodocid sauropods reached South America.
“Finding Leinkupal was incredibly exciting since we never thought its possible. A diplodocid in South America is as strange as finding a T. rex in Patagonia,” Dr Apesteguia said.
Dec 18, 2017 5:47 pm (IST)
The BJP's vote share has slumped sharply since the 2014 Lok Sabha polls when it clocked nearly 60 per cent votes, while that of Congress has improved significantly - still not enough for the Rahul Gandhi-led party to win sufficient number of seats. As per the results declared today by the Election Commission, the BJP has got close to 49.1 per cent votes, down from nearly 60 per cent in 2014 but somewhat higher than nearly 48 per cent it polled in the 2012 state assembly polls. On the other hand, Congress' vote share has risen to about 41.4 per cent this time - up from 33 per cent in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections and also higher than around 39 per cent in the 2012 assembly polls. The difference in vote share between the two parties works out to be around 7.7 per cent
Abraham Lincoln once said, “No country can sustain, in idleness, more than a small percentage of its numbers. The great majority must labor at something productive.”
Over the past several years, the number of Americans on food stamps has soared. In particular, since 2009, the number of “able-bodied-adults” without dependents receiving food stamps more than doubled nationally. Part of this increase is due to a federal rule that allowed states to waive food stamps' modest work requirement. However, states such as Kansas and Maine chose to reinstate work requirements. Comparing and contrasting the two approaches provides powerful new evidence about the effectiveness of work.
According to a report from the Foundation for Government Accountability, before Kansas instituted a work requirement, 93 percent of food stamp recipients were in poverty, with 84 percent in severe poverty. Few of the food stamp recipients claimed any income. Only 21 percent were working at all, and two-fifths of those working were working fewer than 20 hours per week.
Once work requirements were established, thousands of food stamp recipients moved into the workforce, promoting income gains and a decrease in poverty. Forty percent of the individuals who left the food stamp ranks found employment within three months, and about 60 percent found employment within a year. They saw an average income increase of 127 percent. Half of those who left the rolls and are working have earnings above the poverty level. Even many of those who stayed on food stamps saw their income increase significantly.
Work programs provide opportunities such as job training and employment search services. For example, in Kansas, workfare helped one man, who was unemployed for four years and on food stamps, find employment in the publishing industry where they now earn $45,000 annually. Another Kansan who was also previously unemployed and dependent on food stamps for over three years, now has an annual income of $34,000.
Furthermore, with the implementation of the work requirement in Kansas, the caseload dropped by 75 percent. Previously, Kansas was spending $5.5 million per month on food stamp benefits for able-bodied adults; it now spends $1.2 million.
Maine is another powerful example in favor of work over dependency. Similarly to Kansas, Maine saw a major decline in its caseload after instituting a work requirement. Within the first three months after Maine's work policy went into effect, its caseload of able-bodied adults receiving food stamps plunged by 80 percent, falling from 13,332 recipients in December 2014 to 2,678 in March 2015.
Providing assistance to help those in need does not have to be a one-way handout. According to a Heritage Foundation survey, Americans overwhelmingly agree that able-bodied adults receiving welfare should work. However, very few of the federal government's 80 means-tested welfare programs require recipients to work for benefits.
One of the best ways to ensure that welfare does not become a trap is to initiate reform based on the principles of work and personal responsibility. As the examples of Kansas and Maine show, good public policy can help encourage individuals towards self-sufficiency and better lives.
Senator John McCain's presidential campaign has strong connections to the high-powered lobbyists employed by AT&T and other telecommunications companies to escape from responsibility for violations of federal law, with paid lobbyists occupying prominant positions in the upper echelons.
Last fall Newsweek reported on the telecom's "secretive lobbying campaign to get Congress to quickly approve a measure wiping out all private lawsuits against them for assisting the U.S. intelligence community's warrantless surveillance programs." The magazine named some of the chief telecom immunity lobbyists:
Among the players, these sources said: powerhouse Republican lobbyists Charlie Black and Wayne Berman (who represent AT&T and Verizon, respectively), former GOP senator and U.S. ambassador to Germany Dan Coats (a lawyer at King & Spaulding who is representing Sprint) ...
All three are now working with McCain. Charlie Black is now the chief political adviser for McCain. In March, Black left BKSH & Associates, a lobbying firm they helped found. Up until Black left BKSH, they were paid by their lobbying firm, while their firm was paid by AT&T [BKSH Lobbying Disclosure]
Wayne Berman is McCain's national finance co-chairperson, and Managing Director of Ogilvy Government Relations, a prominent lobbyist for telecom immunity in the FISA legislation. [Ogilvy Lobbying Disclosure]. John Green, a founding partner of Ogilvy, and another paid lobbyist on FISA for AT&T, is now "a full-time liaison between McCain's presidential campaign and Republicans in the House and the Senate."
Dan Coats is a member of McCain's Justice Advisory Committee, and has campaigned for McCain, and was joined by former Senator Trent Lott. After leaving the Senate in 2007, Lott became a paid lobbyist for AT&T, seeking immunity for the telecoms.
Accordingly to the Arizona Republic, Bryan Cunningham is a McCain fundraiser.  They are also a paid lobbyist at Barbour Griffith & Rogers, working on "FISA reform" for AT&T. [BG&R Lobbying Disclosure]. Kirk Blalock is a fundraiser and chairperson of Young Professionals for McCain. They too are a paid lobbyist, working at Fierce, Isakowitz & Blalock and lobbying on FISA for Sprint. Blalock's colleague Kirsten Chadwick is the finance director of Young Professionals for McCain, as well as a lobbyist for Sprint on the FISA Amendements Act. [FI&B Lobbying Disclosure]
McCainSource.com has compiled a list of lobbyists on the McCain campaign, including fundraisers Philmore B. Anderson and James L. Pitts (DC Navigators LLC lobbyists on "FISA Legislation, all provisions" for AT&T), Juleanna R. Glover Weiss, of the Women for McCain Steering Committee (lobbyist with the Ashcroft Group for AT&T) and fundraiser Paul Martino (Alston & Bird, LLP lobbyist on FISA for AT&T).
Telecom immunity lobbyists are not the only connections between the McCain campaign and telecom lobby. USA Today reports "Of the 66 current or former lobbyists working for the Arizona senator or raising money for their presidential campaign, 23 have lobbied for telecommunications companies in the past decade." USA Today also notes:
People who lobbied for telecom companies on those issues include McCain's campaign manager, their deputy manager, their finance chief, their top unpaid political adviser and their Senate chief of staff. Telecom companies have paid the lobbying firms that employed those top five McCain advisers more than $4.4 million since 1999, lobbying records show.
According to the Washington Post, McCain's "campaign manager, Rick Davis, co-founded a lobbying firm whose clients have included Verizon and SBC Telecommunications," and "McCain's top fundraising official is former member of congress Tom Loeffler (R-Tex.), who heads a lobbying law firm called the Loeffler Group." The Loeffler Group lobbies for AT&T. Loeffler has since resigned from the McCain campaign.
Christian Ferry, McCain's deputy campaign manager, "worked from 2003 to 2005 at Davis Manafort, where their clients also included SBC Telecomm [and] Verizon," Timothy P. McKone, a fundraiser, is "a lobbyist for AT&T," and John Timmons, another fundraiser, "has lobbied on behalf of ... AT&T," according to the Arizona Republic.
The strong connections between the telecom immunity lobbyists and the McCain campaign raise serious questions about McCain's about-face on warrantless wiretapping. As recently as November 2007, McCain told CNET News (emphasis added):
When companies provide private records of Americans to the government without proper legal subpoena, warrants, or other legal orders, their heart may be in the right place, but their actions undermine our respect for the law. ... If retroactive immunity passes, it should be done with explicit statements that this is not a blessing, there should be oversight hearings to understand what happened, and Congress should include provisions that ensure that Americans' private records will not be dealt with like that again.
Six months later, McCain has become an "unqualified" supporter of telecom immunity, claiming in a statement to the National Review that "neither the Administration nor the telecoms need apologize for actions that most people, except for the ACLU and the trial lawyers, understand were Constitutional and appropriate." Actually, former government officials and law professors, think tanks, and various scholars have concluded the NSA warrantless surveillance program was illegal.
The revised statement, issued after an apparently off-message talk at the Computers Freedom and Privacy conference, reads a lot like the talking points that a telecom lobbyist might employ.
CLOSE On Tuesday, Republican Gov. John Kasich signed a bill mandating a 20-week abortion ban. USA TODAY
Anti-abortion and abortion rights groups protested in front of the Hamilton County Courthouse in this 2014 file photo. (Photo11: The Enquirer/Liz Dufour)
COLUMBUS, Ohio — Gov. John Kasich on Tuesday rejected the so-called “heartbeat bill,” breaking with their party to veto legislation that would have given Ohio the strictest abortion ban in the nation.
Kasich did tighten Ohio's abortion laws by signing a bill that would prevent abortions after 20 weeks' gestation, when opponents of the procedure say fetuses can feel pain.
Still, the governor will face backlash from conservative Republicans for killing the bill they say would have prevented thousands of abortions. The measure prohibited abortions after a fetal heartbeat was detected, as early as six weeks' gestation.
Janet Porter, a northeast Ohio activist who has led the effort to pass the bill, sent a message to their supporters Tuesday: "IT IS NOT OVER." They urged them to encourage Republicans to override Kasich's veto before the new legislative session kicks off January 3 – a prospect that seems unlikely.
Many Republican lawmakers, emboldened by Donald Trump's recent election, wanted Kasich to sign the more restrictive ban. GOP leaders like Senate President Keith Faber saw an opportunity to use the heartbeat bill to overturn Roe v. Wade, counting on new Trump-appointed, conservative U.S. Supreme Court justices.
In vetoing the bill, Kasich pointed to judicial precedent, saying the legislation was "clearly contrary to the Supreme Court of the United States' current rulings on abortion.”
The governor joined Ohio Right to Life and several Republican lawmakers who opposed the six-week ban, saying similar measures already were ruled unconstitutional in North Dakota and Arkansas. Why spend taxpayer money defending the law?
“The State of Ohio will be the losing party in a lawsuit and, as the losing party, the State of Ohio will be forced to pay hundreds of thousands of taxpayer dollars to cover the legal fees for the pro-choice activists' lawyers,” Kasich wrote in a veto message. Read the full veto message below.
Ohio Right to Life President Mike Gonidakis praised Kasich's approach.
“While it must have been difficult, the current make-up of a radically pro-abortion Supreme Court required the governor to exercise great restraint,” Gonidakis said.
The 20-week ban will restrict access to abortion while still chipping away at Roe v. Wade, abortion opponents such as Gonidakis argue. Still, it does not include exceptions for rape, incest or severe fetal anomalies. It does include an exception to save the life of a pregnant woman.
More than a dozen states have a ban on abortions after 20 weeks gestation. Still, those could be overturned or taken to the Supreme Court for ruling. Current Supreme Court standards say states may not limit abortions before a fetus is viable outside the womb, generally accepted as 24 weeks' gestation.
Abortion rights' supporters seem torn on how to respond to Kasich's veto. They celebrated a victory with the heartbeat bill's defeat, but they also adamantly opposed the 20-week ban, which was seen as an extension of Ohio Republicans' continued fight to reduce access to abortions. The state had 14 abortion clinics in 2013 and now has nine. Cincinnati has one surgical abortion clinic, Planned Parenthood clinic in Mount Auburn, and it nearly lost its license to operate last year.
“Don't let John Kasich fool you.  They are one of the most extreme anti-abortion governors in this country. Kasich is on a mission to make abortion illegal in Ohio, and he's intent on using smoke and mirrors and backdoor politics to do it,” said Dawn Laguens, executive vice president of Planned Parenthood Action Fund, in a statement.
Very few abortions are performed after 20 weeks in Ohio. Last year, 145 abortions occurred at 21 weeks or later, according to Ohio Department of Health records. The 20-week ban will take effect in 90 days.
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2hKHzgb
Portland, Oregon-based photographer and visual artist Jim Kazanjian is like the M. C. Escher of architectural photography. Their art pieces appear to be photos of some of the strangest looking buildings found in the weirdest locations, but the reason the images are so dreamlike is because they came from Kazanjian's mind rather than the real world.
Each piece is what Kazanjian calls a “hyper-collage.” The artist creates them using a large collection of photographs found on the Internet — a collection that currently contains nearly 30,000 images.
Kazanjian then takes tiny bits and pieces from these photographs and, using Photoshop, blends them into photo-manipulations that don't really have anything to do with the original photographs. A proper camera is nowhere to be found throughout the entire creation process.
Some of the “photos” are actually the result of combining more than 50 separate photographs into a single bizarre scene.
Each piece is very unique, and is the result of a certain degree of chance. Kazanjian slowly browses through image after image, and looks for ways certain elements could be fitted together into a coherent scene. They might take some windows from one photo, a door from another, and a waterfall from yet another. As a result, each piece takes on a completely new direction than any of their other pieces.
Here's a selection of images showing some of Kazanjian's dreamlike architectural creations:
You can find more of Kazanjian's work over on their website. Prints are also available through the 23 Sandy Gallery.
(via Colossal)
Image credits: Photo collages by Jim Kazanjian and used with permission
The Houthi tribal movement, supported by Iranian finances and weaponry, has captured Yemen's capital city of Sana'a, forcing the resignation of President Abdu Rabbu Mansour Hadi. In the streets of Sana'a, fighters chant, “Death to America, death to Israel, curses to the Jews, and victory to Islam.” The great irony of this slogan, of which members of the Houthi family are likely unaware, is that the Houthis were receiving weapons and support from Israel decades before receiving military aid from Iran. The Houthi movement and their loyal tribes have long been opportunistic recipients of international support, the origin of which seldom figured in the domestic nature of their political struggles.
THE ODD COUPLE
The last imam of Yemen, Muhammad al-Badr, was overthrown by Abdullah al-Sallal, founder of the Yemeni republic on September 26, 1962. For the next six years, Badr and their alliance of northern tribesmen fought a bloody guerrilla war in the mountainous highlands against 70,000 Egyptian soldiers who had arrived in Yemen in support of the republic. Throughout the conflict, one of Badr's greatest obstacles was getting their hands on weapons and supplies. Help would arrive to them from a very unlikely source.
On the evening of May 26, 1964, Badr gathered the leaders of their northern tribal alliance, including the elder Sheik Hassan al-Houthi, for a khat chew and a strategic planning session. Badr promised the group that they would demonstrate for them a solution to the supply problems that had been plaguing their tribal militias. At approximately midnight, the group heard the roar of a plane engine and noticed the silhouettes of 14 parachutes appearing out of the darkness. According to the personal papers of British Lieutenant Colonel Neil McLean, one of the sheiks declared in disbelief, “Look, even God is helping the imam.” The aircraft, flown by members of the Israeli Air Force's International Squadron, had been carrying packages containing munitions, medical supplies, and money for the imam's war against the Yemeni republic and the Egyptian army.
Between 1964
BENGHAZI, Libya - A Libyan official said Wednesday that the Sudanese consul in Libya has been detained for making "suspicious" visits in the eastern part of the country.
"The Sudanese consul in Libya Abdel-Halim Omar has made several tours in the eastern part of the country without permission from the Libyan Foreign Ministry," Hassan al-Saghir, an undersecretary in the Tobruk-run Foreign Ministry, told The Anadolu Agency.
They cited that the Sudanese diplomat had recently visited a military prison in eastern Libya without permission.
"The visit has made prison officials suspect the consul and detained him," they said.
According to the Libyan official, the Sudanese consul also made unauthorized visits to several areas in Libya, including the eastern city of Benghazi.
Earlier Wednesday, Sudan summoned Libya's ambassador in Khartoum to demand an "unconditional release" of the consul.
A Sudanese Foreign Ministry spokesperson said that the consul had been detained on Tuesday as they were checking in on Sudanese nationals being held at a Libyan prison in the central Al-Baydaa province.
Libya's Tobruk-based government accuses Sudan of supporting Islamist militias in the fractious North African country - claims dismissed by Khartoum.
Libya has remained in a state of turmoil since a bloody uprising ended the decades-long rule of strongman Muammar Gaddafi in late 2011.
Since then, the country's stark political divisions have yielded two rival seats of government, each with its own institutions and military capacities.
Vying for legislative authority are the Tobruk-based House of Representatives and the Islamist-led General National Congress, which convenes in capital Tripoli.
The two assemblies support two rival governments respectively headquartered in the two cities.
Syracuse, N.Y. -- The list runs 20-30 schools deep and is constantly evolving, a compilation of what Herman Frazier calls the "soup du jour" when piecing together future Syracuse football schedules.
The contents of this list mostly remain confidential. In the ultra-secretive cosmos of college football, paranoia even stretches to scheduling, largely because several schools want the same opponents, and that's just the way business gets done when dealing with six- and seven-figure contract negotiations.
What is known about this list, though, is that it is congruent with the scheduling philosophy adopted by athletic director John Wildhack and head coach Dino Babers over the last year.
It is the main framework Frazier works off when beginning scheduling negotiations. Some schools on the list come from a private subscription-based service Frazier utilizes that grants them access to which schools may or may not be available on a certain date. Not every school uses the service, so Frazier must also lean on their relationships built over decades in the industry and others' within the administration and football program.
Rutgers is on the list.
So is Penn State and Navy.
But most of Frazier's focus now is on the list of schools from the Group of Five leagues (AAC, MAC, Conference USA, Sun Belt and Mountain West) to fill the remaining open slots on future schedules.
In most cases, we're only talking about one or two games per season over the next decade.
"I will take a look at all those teams and then I will make contacts with them through telephone calls or emails," Frazier said, "and then once I decide who may be available on certain dates that we think fit within the fold, then we'll have those discussions."
Negotiations can get done in as quicky as two weeks or take as long as two months. Discussions tend to heat up around this time of year as the academic calendar is in summer mode. Recently, SU announced two nonconference series (Liberty in 2019-2021 and Western Michigan in 2018-19).
While Frazier, a senior deputy AD, oversees the football scheduling day-to-day, the athletic director and football coach largely set the parameters of overall philosophy. Since Wildhack and Babers teammed up, there has been a shift in this philosophy to balance an annually challenging ACC schedule with less-challenging nonconference games.
Frazier and Wildhack sat down with syracuse.com/The Post-Standard for a 50-minute discussion revealing details of football scheduling. The following Q&A has been edited for brevity.
Given the fluidity of the head coaching position here and the administration here over the last couple years, how challenging has it been to lock in on an scheduling philosophy?
Frazier: "To be honest with you, it evolves, so it all depends on what the head coach wants to do, what the athletics director wants to do and then we will have discussions about all of that. There are a lot of emails. There are a lot of telephone calls. The one good thing about it is we haven't been locked up too many years out, so it gave us some flexibility to make adjustments from Doug Marrone to Scott (Shafer) to Dino.
"Having said that, with the television contract that's coming on with ESPN, there's a little bit more say from the conference offices on which weekends we use. Before, we would try to get all the nonconference games in a row in September and then allow the conference to then pick up from there and go forward. Now with the television contract and certain weekends being available, there's a little bit more work that we have to do to make sure whoever we're having discussions with can fit into the holes that we will be provided from the conference.
Wildhack: "What drives that is the ACC Network when that launches in August 2019. We're going to need high-quality inventory at the launch of the network, similar to what the SEC Network did when that launched. You're not necessarily going to go Weeks 1-4 nonconference and then have your run of eight conference games."
Do you have a gauge on how many conference games could be scheduled in September?
Wildhack: "Not yet decided, but I think when you look at the network coming online, I think you'll see more teams play multiple conference games in September."
As long as the ACC lets you, you're probably going to have an FCS game. Fair to say that?
Wildhack: "I wouldn't put that in stone per se, but I think it's likely."
With the Power-Five mandate*, correct me if I'm wrong, but I would think a game against Maryland is more preferable than a game against LSU at this point?
Wildhack: You want competitive balance and when we can play a team geographically that is a fit for it. We've played Maryland a bunch, and Army counts as a Power Five. We've got four games with them, so I think that's clearly part of our philosophy."
*One nonconference game must be against a Power-Five opponent or select independent, such as Notre Dame, BYU or Army. Syracuse has met its Power-Five mandate through the 2026 season.
Can you explain why the LSU series was scheduled at that time? In my mind, you were coming off the Texas Bowl win. Maybe you felt the program would've been in a position to be a little bit more competitive in this particular juncture.
Frazier: Everybody did, including the head coach at the time. When you look at the LSU game that was scheduled, not only did we look at that game for what it was going to do for our program and knowing there was going to be a year in between the follow-up game. The other thing we look at is quality of opponents at home, so therefore I think you check the box with that LSU game.
"If I can also recall, it was pretty doggone good for the community. I think that's one all the elected officials, the university as a whole, everybody embraced that game. LSU travels. I think they took 7,500 tickets, and for us that was huge. The previous administration and the coaching staff thought that was awesome for us to do that."
Wisconsin travels, too, and it's located in a region the staff recruits in. Is that enough to overpower it's a top 15 program right now?
Frazier: "Keep in mind when you schedule these games far in advance, you have no idea who is going to be in the top 25, and I believe Wisconsin, when that game was signed, they might have been top 20. They even had a coaching change or two since that time. That's a roll of the dice. At the end of the day this is an inexact science. You try to do what you think is best for your program and where it is in that particular time."
How much forecasting do you do when you put together the nonconference schedule? For instance, when you scheduled that South Florida series (in 2014) it was in the basement. It was 2-10. Willie (Taggart) was struggling in the beginning, and then sure enough when you guys get it on the schedule is when it starts to turn around.
Wildhack: "That's always part of the unknown. When you're doing something four, five years out or sometimes even longer, you don't know."
To what degree do you do it?
Wildhack: "You schedule LSU, you're naturally getting a top 15 opponent. Wisconsin, even with the coaching changes, pretty consistent run they've had the past 20 years since Barry (Alvarez) got them good back in the '90s. You can project with some degree of accuracy. South Florida is an example where it's hard to project."
Do you look at the people at that institution versus the name on the front of the jersey? In other words would you be more inclined to look at, say, Tennessee based on who is coaching them versus what Tennessee can become?
Frazier: "Not really. If you had a crystal ball, every game you schedule you want to win. Having said that, we took a leap early on, if you remember, when we played Missouri. And we played Missouri at Missouri when Doug was here. There was a hole in the schedule, and we had to get a game in the last minute.
"We got Missouri because I came in here and told (Daryl) Gross, I think we can get Missouri. They had just gone into the SEC, and it was either one or two years in advance that we signed them. And Missouri needed to win that game to get a bowl. We also needed a quality win, and that's what we got to propel us into the Pinstripe Bowl that year.
"Sometimes you get lucky. You just don't know. You don't play against personnel. You play against what you think is best for your program and what it can do to help you with your program."
John, you've referenced a desire to schedule some traditional regional rivalries. Rutgers and West Virginia are two more. Has there been an effort to get them on the schedule? Has there been resistance by them for one reason or another?
Frazier: "No resistance. And they're on our list. We can say that to you."
West Virginia?
Frazier: "Have not had any conversations with West Virginia."
Wildhack: "But it'd be a school we'd be open to because it does fit the criteria."
How will a typical negotiation work with a Group of Five school?
Frazier: "It all depends on what we're looking for and how we can balance it. Therefore, as I look at whatever holes we may have, I'll come in here and say to John, 'Here's what we have in 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021.' Here is what we think we can get, and then we'll talk about guarantees. We're talk about years. And then I do the day-to-day negotiating on how we come to close on it. Then when we get real, real close, I'll come in and say, 'I think we're at this point.' And then we just go back and forth."
What types of things are under negotiation other than years and venue?
Frazier: "They're just guarantees on the side."
How do financials work for a home and home?
Frazier: "You're able to negotiate that. I've never not been able to sign a game based on numbers. And that's no matter where I've been."
Will you ever request more when you schedule a team like Maryland or Wisconsin versus, say, West Virginia?
Frazier: "I couldn't answer that. All I can tell you is when we went to Missori, we got a nice payout. And it was one game, and we only went there, so you're going to have to pay me for that."
There are a ton of Group of Five teams out there. How do you prioritize which ones are higher up on your list? What are the driving factors?
Frazier: "We might go to coach and say, 'Of these schools, where do you think you're going to be in the next couple years trying to get recruits?' Then we'll decide on a Florida versus a Virginia."
Wildhack: "I think with Liberty and them moving up, there was an opportunity for us to get that done. It is an area we recruit. Obviously our alumni in Washington, it's drivable for them. Really it was an example of we moved quick on that. Literally the day it was announced they were moving up, Herm and I talked, and I called Dino. Liberty moved up and I told them we're in a position we can move quick, and they said, 'I like it,' and Herm worked their magic."
Are there games or areas that are off the radar right now? Will you have any incentive to play in the Mountain Time Zone?
Frazier: UCLA called me twice and Arizona State called me, but we're not there yet. We need to focus on some of the regional schools we just talked about. It makes no sense for us right now to go to UCLA. It makes no sense for us to go to Tempe. I'd like to, but it makes no sense for us right now.
From a competitive standpoint? From a recruiting standpoint?
Frazier: "They wanted it sooner, and right now I'm further out. Until we get to the point, which I would say is our next cycle, then maybe we can look at something like that, but right now we're not prepared for it."
What are some things Dino will have input on? What are some of their suggestions?
Wildhack: "Part of it is the overall philosophy. And you mention MAC and AAC and Sun Belt. They are areas we recruit. This all passes the logic test."
What are some thing he'll veto?
Frazier: "He hasn't vetoed anything that I've brought up since John has been here."
Wildhack: "Part of that goes back to the overall philosophy. Before I start doing something, I want to make sure that coach, Herm and I are locked as one and that eliminates you getting into a situation where the head coach comes to the AD and says, 'I don't want to play so and so.' There are no surprises here.
Division realignment. Will it ever happen?
Wildhack: "I don't anticipate it. You need a majority decision. I have not received any calls from athletic directors in the other division asking me if I want to swap.
Is the best bet if Notre Dame has to join the league?
Wildhack: "I think Notre Dame joining for football, for me, that's off the table."
That might upset a lot of people.
Wildhack: "That's the reality of it. I think when the ACC made the agreement to bring Notre Dame in as a member, I think the ACC accepeted Notre Dame knowing Notre Dame is going to retain their independence for football. Kind of the middle ground was play five ACC teams per year, which is what they do and why they show up on our rotation."
Why are there no neutral site games are on the schedule?
Frazier: "No neutral site games that would've been home games for us, no. That's not to say if some school out west says, 'hey, we'll meet you down south, we'll move our game someplace,' I think we would entertain that. But any game that we would have that would normally be here, at this point we're not moving out of the Dome.
Wildhack: "I'm not interested in taking home games and moving them out of the Dome. We could be a road opponent, and if Central Michigan said we want to play at Ford Field, as an example, that could happen.
"The other thing down the road, when we get to where we want to be, where we aspire to, then we may be in the conversation for the Labor Day Weekend neutral-site games. But those are pure neutral-site games."
How often do you get the games you want?
Frazier: "99.9 percent, we get what we want."
Really? I feel like rebuilding progams would want to schedule the same schools?
Frazier: "Knock on wood, everything we talk about, we get. But again a lot of it is relationships with these people."
Wildhack: "And people want to play Syracuse."
How often are you told no?
Frazier: "Only if it doesn't fit the dates is when we will walk away. And then we try to make it work."
Will you entertain another Power Five school through the next decade?
Wildhack: "We haven't had that discussion yet, and I would not make a blanket statement one way or the other."
Contact Nate Mink anytime: 315-430-8253 | Email | Twitter | Facebook | Google+
UPDATE: Two Arrested in Shooting of 2 NYPD Officers in Bronx
A man suspected of shooting two NYPD officers responding to a robbery call in the Bronx late Monday is in custody, sources familiar with the investigation tell NBC 4 New York, and a second suspect was taken into custody from the Manhattan hospital they went to with a gunshot wound.
A third man described as a person of interest in the case was also taken into custody.
The alleged gunman was picked up in the Bronx Tuesday afternoon, hours after they were allegedly captured on a restaurant's surveillance video opening fire on the officers. The officers returned fire and two of the cops -- 30-year-old Andrew Dossi and 38-year-old Aliro Pellerano -- were wounded.
Pellerano, a nine-year NYPD veteran with more than 500 arrests during their time on the force, was shot in the abdomen and arm near East 184th Street and Tiebout Avenue in Fordham at around 10:30 p.m. Monday, officials said. Dossi, an eight-year NYPD veteran who has notched more than 125 arrests, was shot in the arm and lower back. Both are hospitalized in stable condition, and Police Commissioner Bill Bratton said Pellerano would likely be released Wednesday.
The officers, who were in plain clothes, were part of a group of five cops responding to a call about a robbery at a deli store on East 180th Street in the Bronx, Bratton said. The officers were approaching two suspects who had just entered a nearby restaurant when one of the suspects opened fire, Bratton said. The officers returned fire and two of the cops were wounded, along with one of the suspects.
The suspect apprehended Tuesday afternoon is believed to be the gunman shown clearly in surveillance video obtained from the Chinese food restaurant they had stepped inside; the other suspect taken into custody at NewYork-Presbyterian Hospital in upper Manhattan, where they went with a gunshot wound to the back, is not believed to have fired a gun at the officers.
After the shooting, Bratton said the suspects ran to Marion Avenue, where they carjacked a white Chevrolet Camaro from a man and a woman. A short time later, they abandoned the car and ran, police said. Investigators recovered a black Ruger Blackhawk revolver nearby.
Photo credit: NYPD
Mayor de Blasio spoke at Tuesday's news conference and thanked the officers for risking their lives to keep the city safe.
Video JetBlue Flight Diverted as Cops Help Restrain Woman
"As always, the city of New York and the NYPD will be with them through this challenge and as these officers recover," de Blasio said.
The officers were shot hours after the mayor and the police commissioner held a joint news conference to tout record low crime levels, with overall crime down 4 percent from last year. But shootings were up 13 percent, which NYPD officials admitted were "an area of concern."
Last month, NYPD officers Wenjian Liu and Rafael Ramos were shot and killed while sitting in a patrol car in Brooklyn, fueling tension between police and City Hall. Police unions have blamed de Blasio for permitting protests over police conduct that has, in turn, fostered an anti-NYPD atmosphere they believe contributed to the killings of the officers. The family of the gunman, Ismaaiyl Brinsley, said they were emotionally disturbed and that the shootings had nothing to do with police retaliation.
The organization COP SHOT, Citizens Outraged at Police Being Shot, has offered a $20,000 reward leading to the arrest and conviction of the suspects.
Copyright Associated Press / NBC4 Washington
(Reuters) - Microsoft Corp said it will drop a lawsuit against the U.S. government after the Department of Justice (DOJ) changed data request rules on alerting internet users about agencies accessing their information.
FILE PHOTO - A sign marks the Microsoft Office in Cambridge, Massachusetts, U.S. January 25, 2017. REUTERS/Brian Snyder/File Photo
The new policy limits the use of secrecy orders and calls for such orders to be issued for defined periods, Microsoft Chief Legal Officer Brad Smith said in a blog post on Monday.
"As a result of the issuance of this policy, we are taking steps to dismiss our lawsuit," Smith said. bit.ly/2gE3kDp
The company expects the changes to end the practice of indefinite secrecy orders.
Microsoft filed the lawsuit in April 2016 arguing that the U.S. government was violating the constitution by preventing the company from informing its customers about government requests for their emails and other documents. reut.rs/2zLIjv0
The suit argued that the government's actions were in violation of the Fourth Amendment, which establishes the right for people and businesses to know if the government searches or seizes their property, and the company's First Amendment right to free speech.
The changes will ensure that secrecy order requests are “carefully and specifically tailored to the facts in the case,” Smith said.
“This is an important step for both privacy and free expression. It is an unequivocal win for our customers, and we're pleased the DOJ (Department of Justice) has taken these steps to protect the constitutional rights of all Americans,” the statement said.
While Microsoft has agreed to drop its lawsuit, Smith said the company is renewing its call to Congress for the amendment of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act which was adopted in 1986.
The DOJ did not respond to request for comment outside regular business hours.
Last week, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to hear the Trump administration's appeal of a lower court's ruling preventing federal prosecutors from obtaining emails stored in Microsoft computer servers in Dublin, Ireland in a drug trafficking investigation.
Government lawyers argued the lower court ruling threatened national security and public safety.
If you've managed to continue circulating air in and out of your lungs for the past year or so, you're aware that Ryan Reynolds is starring in a humble film adaptation of a superhero comic book called Deadpool.
The film finally opens in theaters tomorrow, meaning that we're just weeks away from never having to see another fucking Deadpool billboard or tweet or commercial or bus sign or radio ad or blimp or smoke signal.
A lot is riding on Deadpool to finally prove that Ryan Reynolds is the movie star that Hollywood has been trying to convince us they are. In a gesture of goodwill, the Washington Post is helping with the, “No Seriously, You Really Do Want to Pay Money to See This Ryan Reynolds Movie” Campaign with a piece titled “Why we root for Ryan Reynolds to succeed — despite their many failures.”
This rather presumptuous headline necessarily begs the question: Do we even root for Ryan Reynolds?
The article sites a short list of reasons why anyone should invest their personal energy in Ryan Reynolds' success.
Their TV-to-movie trajectory.
Nah. George Clooney, Tom Hanks, Jennifer Garner—they all started out in television. This is neither noteworthy nor a reason to like someone. And perhaps you haven't heard, but the cool thing these days is for movie stars to go back to television.
They seem like such a nice, normal guy.
Sure, fine but again, that's not a reason to spend $20 on a ticket for a movie about something called the Rest In Peace Department. He's certainly affable, but no more so than a Chris Pratt or a Channing Tatum. They do seem more normal than Leonardo DiCaprio and Tom Cruise, so I'll give you that.
Advertisement
I would argue that more than nice and normal, Reynolds is boring and inoffensive. He's the guy who thought it would be really edgy to give their daughter a boy's name.  They are married to a beautiful actor yes, but a beautiful actor who is unfathomably boring and cannot act. Is it that Ryan Reynolds seems like a really great guy or that they simply haven't shown that they aren't?
Their appearance
I mean, whatever. You don't get to be a major star in Hollywood and receive brownie points for being attractive. That is quite literally part of the job.
At this point, he's kind of an underdog.
And here is the lie that I cannot allow anyone to swallow. In the post, the author notes that Ryan Reynolds “should be on their way to Hollywood obscurity right now,” and if there was any fairness in the world they would be.
Advertisement
Nothing about this man's career makes them an underdog. They continue to land huge roles in expensive movies despite the fact that they have yet to prove that he's truly a bankable movie star people want to see. Ryan Reynolds is a perfect illustration of the sham that is the Hollywood casting system.
Ryan Reynolds cannot open a movie; that is, putting Ryan Reynolds in the lead role of a movie does not guarantee that said movie will have a successful opening weekend and go on to be profitable.
Early in their film career, Reynolds did have some big films including National Lampoon's Van Wilder and The Amityville Horror. As their career continued, they scored other hits, but I would argue that those successes were largely due to the fact that they starred alongside some of the biggest movie stars in the world like Sandra Bullock and Denzel Washington.
Advertisement
Their turn as the Green Lantern resulted in the film barely breaking even at the box office. (Which is to say nothing of the massive advertising dollars spent promoting the film.) There was something called R.I.P.D. which had a budget of $130 million and grossed just $78.3 million. The 2015 thriller Self/less was another flop grossing less than half of its $26 million budget.
There are some actors who are given multiple chances, but generally they have a track record that makes those gambles sensible. Will Smith hasn't had a hit movie in years, but he's also Will fucking Smith. In leading roles, their films have grossed nearly $6 billion at the global box office and have an average gross of $123 million. While their choices have been confusing as of late, put them in a decently written action movie where they get to shoot a gun and crack jokes and it's probably going to make an enormous amount of money.
One of the justifications for the lack of diversity in Hollywood is presented as an economics issue. Studios spend a lot of money to make movies with the hopes that those movies will make even more money. There are certain actors, writers and directors who have proven track records of being able to make movies that make money.
Advertisement
For as much as I'd like to see other actors get opportunities, it's easy to understand why Hollywood keeps putting Robert Downey Jr. in movies—because a Robert Downey Jr movie is going to make the studio money. The same can be said for Sandra Bullock or Julia Roberts or Leonardo DiCaprio.
You know who else can open a movie? Kevin Hart, but I bet you won't see them starring in a huge superhero film anytime soon. Hart, who has starred in fewer films than Reynolds, has a box office average that sits around $50 million—Reynolds is at about $43 million.
Deadpool will likely do well. It's getting good reviews, the competition looks weak and audiences are hungry for a new superhero blockbuster. Still, with the what had to be an ungodly amount of money spent on marketing, it's hard to separate Reynolds' natural draw from 20th Century Fox's herculean push for a film that probably would have succeeded with any number of actors in the role.
Advertisement
Ryan Reynolds illustrates that it's not about being a truly great actor or a solid financial gamble, it's about a group of studio executives and agents deciding that they want you to be a movie star.
So don't root for Ryan Reynolds—or do, I don't care. Ultimately, it doesn't matter what any of us does because the fact that he's even starring in Deadpool proves that your opinion and (lack of) financial support doesn't really matter in the first place.
Contact the author at kara.brown@jezebel.com .
Origin of ice age theory
Evidence for ice ages
There are three main types of evidence for ice ages: geological, chemical, and paleontological. Geological evidence for ice ages comes in various forms, including rock scouring and scratching, glacial moraines, drumlins, valley cutting, and the deposition of till or tillites and glacial erratics. Successive glaciations tend to distort and erase the geological evidence, making it difficult to interpret. Furthermore, this evidence was difficult to date exactly; early theories assumed that the glacials were short compared to the long interglacials. The advent of sediment and ice cores revealed the true situation: glacials are long, interglacials short. It took some time for the current theory to be worked out. The chemical evidence mainly consists of variations in the ratios of isotopes in fossils present in sediments and sedimentary rocks and ocean sediment cores. For the most recent glacial periods ice cores provide climate proxies from their ice, and atmospheric samples from included bubbles of air. Because water containing heavier isotopes has a higher heat of evaporation, its proportion decreases with colder conditions.[32] This allows a temperature record to be constructed. This evidence can be confounded, however, by other factors recorded by isotope ratios. The paleontological evidence consists of changes in the geographical distribution of fossils. During a glacial period cold-adapted organisms spread into lower latitudes, and organisms that prefer warmer conditions become extinct or are squeezed into lower latitudes. This evidence is also difficult to interpret because it requires (1) sequences of sediments covering a long period of time, over a wide range of latitudes and which are easily correlated; (2) ancient organisms which survive for several million years without change and whose temperature preferences are easily diagnosed; and (3) the finding of the relevant fossils. Despite the difficulties, analysis of ice core and ocean sediment cores[33] has shown periods of glacials and interglacials over the past few million years. These also confirm the linkage between ice ages and continental crust phenomena such as glacial moraines, drumlins, and glacial erratics. Hence the continental crust phenomena are accepted as good evidence of earlier ice ages when they are found in layers created much earlier than the time range for which ice cores and ocean sediment cores are available.
Major ice ages
Glacials and interglacials
See also: Glacial period and Interglacial Shows the pattern of temperature and ice volume changes associated with recent glacials and interglacials Minimum and maximum glaciation Minimum (interglacial, black) and maximum (glacial, grey) glaciation of the northern hemisphere Minimum (interglacial, black) and maximum (glacial, grey) glaciation of the southern hemisphere Within the ice ages (or at least within the current one), more temperate and more severe periods occur. The colder periods are called glacial periods, the warmer periods interglacials, such as the Eemian Stage. Glacials are characterized by cooler and drier climates over most of the earth and large land and sea ice masses extending outward from the poles. Mountain glaciers in otherwise unglaciated areas extend to lower elevations due to a lower snow line. Sea levels drop due to the removal of large volumes of water above sea level in the icecaps. There is evidence that ocean circulation patterns are disrupted by glaciations. Since the earth has significant continental glaciation in the Arctic and Antarctic, we are currently in a glacial minimum of a glaciation. Such a period between glacial maxima is known as an interglacial. The glacials and interglacials also coincided with changes in Earth's orbit called Milankovitch cycles. The earth has been in an interglacial period known as the Holocene for around 11,700 years,[40] and an article in Nature in 2004 argues that it might be most analogous to a previous interglacial that lasted 28,000 years.[41] Predicted changes in orbital forcing suggest that the next glacial period would begin at least 50,000 years from now, due to the Milankovitch cycles. Moreover, anthropogenic forcing from increased greenhouse gases is estimated to potentially outweigh the orbital forcing of the Milankovitch cycles for hundreds of thousand of years.[42][5][4]
Positive and negative feedback in glacial periods
Each glacial period is subject to positive feedback which makes it more severe, and negative feedback which mitigates and (in all cases so far) eventually ends it. Positive feedback processes Ice and snow increase Earth's albedo, i.e. they make it reflect more of the sun's energy and absorb less. Hence, when the air temperature decreases, ice and snow fields grow, and this continues until competition with a negative feedback mechanism forces the system to an equilibrium. Also, the reduction in forests caused by the ice's expansion increases albedo. Another theory proposed by Ewing and Donn in 1956[43] hypothesized that an ice-free Arctic Ocean leads to increased snowfall at high latitudes. When low-temperature ice covers the Arctic Ocean there is little evaporation or sublimation and the polar regions are quite dry in terms of precipitation, comparable to the amount found in mid-latitude deserts. This low precipitation allows high-latitude snowfalls to melt during the summer. An ice-free Arctic Ocean absorbs solar radiation during the long summer days, and evaporates more water into the Arctic atmosphere. With higher precipitation, portions of this snow may not melt during the summer and so glacial ice can form at lower altitudes and more southerly latitudes, reducing the temperatures over land by increased albedo as noted above. Furthermore, under this hypothesis the lack of oceanic pack ice allows increased exchange of waters between the Arctic and the North Atlantic Oceans, warming the Arctic and cooling the North Atlantic. (Current projected consequences of global warming include a largely ice-free Arctic Ocean within 5–20 years, see Arctic shrinkage.) Additional fresh water flowing into the North Atlantic during a warming cycle may also reduce the global ocean water circulation. Such a reduction (by reducing the effects of the Gulf Stream) would have a cooling effect on northern Europe, which in turn would lead to increased low-latitude snow retention during the summer. It has also been suggested that during an extensive glacial, glaciers may move through the Gulf of Saint Lawrence, extending into the North Atlantic Ocean far enough to block the Gulf Stream. Negative feedback processes Ice sheets that form during glaciations cause erosion of the land beneath them. After some time, this will reduce land above sea level and thus diminish the amount of space on which ice sheets can form. This mitigates the albedo feedback, as does the lowering in sea level that accompanies the formation of ice sheets.[citation needed] Another factor is the increased aridity occurring with glacial maxima, which reduces the precipitation available to maintain glaciation. The glacial retreat induced by this or any other process can be amplified by similar inverse positive feedbacks as for glacial advances.[44] According to research published in Nature Geoscience, human emissions of carbon dioxide (CO 2 ) will defer the next ice age. Researchers used data on Earth's orbit to find the historical warm interglacial period that looks most like the current one and from this have predicted that the next ice age would usually begin within 1,500 years. They go on to say that emissions have been so high that it will not.[45]
Causes
Recent glacial and interglacial phases
Effects of glaciation
See also
Republicans in Minnesota's Second Congressional District on Saturday endorsed former conservative talk show radio host Jason Lewis to run for U.S. Congress.
Lewis is seeking the seat being vacated by Republican Rep. John Kline in one of the most closely watched congressional elections in the country.
Last week, DFLers in the district unanimously endorsed Angie Craig, a former executive at St. Jude Medical.
Lewis beat out remaining opponent David Gerson — who has previously lost to Kline — after the sixth ballot at the party's convention in Apple Valley. After the final vote, Gerson pledged to back Lewis in an effort to keep the district red.
However, Lewis may still encounter challengers for the GOP nomination in the Aug. 9 primary. One such opponent will likely be Darlene Miller, a business leader who has come out strongly against the Affordable Care Act, taxes and what they call government overregulation. Kline endorsed the political newcomer in March and said they continue to support their campaign.
On Saturday, Lewis called their victory a critical hurdle in overcoming Craig, whom they dubbed a “radical liberal.” Under their leadership, Lewis promised to defend the Constitution, simplify the tax code and help repeal President Obama's signature health care law.
“The support of the grass roots is necessary to beat Craig and the national Democrat machine that is intent on dividing America,” Lewis said in a statement. “Together, we will challenge and defeat their campaign and its liberal agenda that is unaffordable, unsustainable and wrong for America and for the Second District of Minnesota.”
The Second District, the state's only open congressional seat in the 2016 election, has become a battleground where Democrats believe they can finally win after Kline locked down the seat for 14 years. As Republicans have begun showcasing their conservative credentials, Kline has warned against alienating general election voters, calling the area a “swing district.” The district covers much of Dakota County, stretching south from St. Paul to Pine Island and east from Northfield to Wabasha.
Lewis' endorsement drew strong reactions from DFL leaders, who have been highly critical of remarks they made on the air about young female voters and statements on slavery in their book on states' rights.
In a prepared statement, DFL Chairman Ken Martin condemned Lewis as an “extreme right-wing Trump supporter” who is “extremely out-of-touch with the district's families.”
“After a nasty primary when Republican candidates push each other even further to the right, the choice for the next representative from CD 2 is clear,” Martin said. “Angie Craig is the leader who looks for common ground and who will focus on the issues that matter to working families and should be elected to be their voice in Washington, D.C.”
Lewis recently told the Star Tribune that overflow crowds at GOP caucuses were responding to a “sense of urgency that the country is at a tipping point. … They're looking at these precinct caucuses as where change begins and big government ends.”
They have vowed to support whatever presidential candidate wins the party's nomination in July.
March 4, 2016
by Cleantech Canada Staff
EDMONTON—The federal government has made a big week for the Canadian cleantech industry even bigger.
Two days after Prime Minister Justin Trudeau announced $125 million in funding for clean infrastructure projects at the Globe 2016 conference in Vancouver, Canada's Minister of Innovation, Science and Economic Development, Navdeep Bains, has announced a further $206 million investment in 36 different carbon-combating technologies.
“Now is the time for Canadian companies to capture their share of the global market for clean technology,” Bains said. “From waste management to biofuels to greener solutions for the oil and gas industry, these Canadian companies are leading the world in intelligent, environmentally responsible and economically sound solutions in a number of key economic sectors.”
Since pledging $200 million a year in cleantech support during the election campaign last year, the Liberals have been vocal in their support Canada's renewable and energy efficiency industries. The government maintains supporting cleantech as well as encouraging sustainable practices will create jobs, expand Canada's access to international markets and make the country's economy more competitive.
The $206 million in funding will be made available through Sustainable Development Technology Canada (SDTC)—with the arms-length government foundation directing the money to 36 different projects across Canada.
Terrestrial Energy and General Fusion, two firms that are developing next-generation nuclear technology, are among the many companies to secure federal support.
“The dedicated team at SDTC are champions for cleantech and its importance to the diversification of our economy,” Nathan Gilliland, CEO of General Fusion, said. “It's also important to realize that SDTC's clean energy projects will help Canada meet its commitment to reducing greenhouse gases.”
CO2 Solutions Inc., Comet Biorefining Inc. and Teck Resources Ltd. are three other prominent funding recipients. A full list of the companies who have earned a share of the $206 million is available here.
This week's Globe Conference also coincided with a climate-focused first ministers meeting on Canada's west coast. Though federal and provincial leaders emerged with an agreement to work toward developing a unified strategy to combat climate change, what concrete results the meeting will produce remain to be seen.
Proponents of climate action argue Canada needs to act more quickly in adopting clean technology, while critics question the enormous cost involved as well as what a shift could mean for Canada's traditional energy sector. Throughout the week, Trudeau has tried to strike a conciliatory tone, saying pipelines and wind turbines should not be pitted against one another.
Mark McMorris Releases the Trailer for Their Latest Project, In Motion
This past season Mark McMorris decided to take some time and dedicate it to riding in the backcountry instead of preparing for and entering contests. That's a solid choice if you ask us. It seems as many riders' careers begin to develop, the backcountry begins to beckon, and many pros answer that call. McMorris is no different, albeit at a slightly younger age, which is worth noting. Think about the constant impacts related to consistently putting down doubles, triples, and now even quads, which are magnified even further by the icy, bulletproof landings. Taking some time out to explore big mountain lines and rip pow with your friends such as Mikkel Bang, Nicolas Müller, and countless more, seems to be the perfect remedy. It'll be pretty exciting to see Mark transition from the so-called ‘contest kid' label into becoming a force to be reckoned with on any and all terrain.
From Red Bull:
Follow Mark through the adventures of a season spent traveling the world, riding the highs and lows of competing at snowboarding's highest level. Often labeled as a 'contest kid', Mark smashes the mold as they push their riding beyond the confines of the competitive arena and into the fresh powder and big lines of the backcountry. Between the contest podiums & champagne showers, Mark makes detours to explore the freedom of backcountry riding and learn first-hand from some of the sport's best.
In their four years in the competitive spotlight, Mark has achieved incredible success, but for the young slopestyle rider, taking their skills to the backcountry represents a new frontier in which to progress toward their goal of becoming one of the most versatile snowboarders in the world. Their desire to learn more and strive harder, connects their struggle in this new arena to riders of all abilities. And from the high alpine to the most creative park terrain, Mark is focused and committed.
With candid, behind-the-scenes access, insightful interviews, and in-the-moment drama, In Motion bounces between the heights of Mark's competitive success & the challenges of pushing their progression as an all-around rider. Along with appearances from many of snowboarding's most talented riders, shredding locations around the globe from Japan, Austria, Laax, and Aspen, to Whistler and Australia, the film paints a vivid picture of elite snowboarding, revealing that Mark McMorris is not just a 'contest kid', but a humble, well-rounded rider with a true passion for the sport of snowboarding.
Watch More of the Latest Snowboarding Videos Here
Kyle Hanophy -- screenshot
The ABC News affiliate in Miami, FL has shocking video of a white nationalist who attended the violent “Unite the Right” rally in Charlottesville blaming terrorism victim Heather Heyer for their murder.
“What was your impression of the events in Charlottesville?” WPLG reporter Amy Viteri asked Kyle Hanophy.
“It was beautiful,” Hanophy said.
Viteri followed up asking about Heyer, the 32-year-old Charlottesville para-legal who was fatally injured when struck by a car in what has been deemed a terrorist act by virtually everyone but President Donald Trump.
“What about the woman who lost their lives?” Viteri asked.
“Shouldn't be standing out in traffic, I suppose,” Hanophy replied.
“But it was a street full of people and somebody drove right into them,” Viteri said.
“Well, there are tons of YouTube videos,” Hanophy said. “So I suggest people check those out.”
Hanophy claimed they aren't a neo-Nazi, but added, “I would define myself as a white nationalist, maybe.”
The organizer of the march in Charlottesville, Jason Kessler, is alleged to have sent a tweet stating Heyer's murder was, “payback time.”
Watch the WPLG report:
It's been a little more than one year since I introduced usfxr, a Unity/C# version of the well-known real-time procedural game audio generator sfxr. What it has been lacking for quite some time was the ability to generate sound effects right inside the Unity interface; developers were forced to visit an online source like as3sfxr to generate their audio parameters (as a string), and only then use usfxr to play the audio in Unity games.
Well, no more. I finally got around to improving the in-game editor window first created by Tiaan Geldenhuys, and now you can use a Unity tab/window to generate audio parameters, and then copy the parameters so you can use them in code. The sound generating window looks like this:
It also plays audio automatically every time one of the parameters is changed, so it's easy to mess around with it until you get the sound effect you want. The generator window also works whether you're in play mode or not, so it should make it easier to create sounds on-the-go.
As a reminder, this is how a usfxr sound is played in Unity by using a generated parameter string:
SfxrSynth synth = new SfxrSynth(); synth.parameters.SetSettingsString("0,,0.032,0.4138,0.4365,0.834,,,,,,0.3117,0.6925,,,,,,1,,,,,0.5"); synth.Play();
The new version of usfxr can be found on GitHub.
This is a historical release for the PS3 Scene. As a thanksgiving present, the team behind PS3Xploit has released a Software Flash writer for PS3 Firmware 4.82. This is months ahead of their promised date of “roughly March 2018”. This hack will let you install a PS3 Custom Firmware on your retail 4.82 Console (the latest firmware).
PS3Xploit CFW Flasher: important limitations/disclaimer
The tool is however limited to known “downgradable” models. This means all PS3 Phat models, and some models of PS3 Slim. Specifically, PS3 Slims that shipped with factory firmware 3.56 or below. Some PS3 slims released in 2011 shipped with firmware 3.60 and will not be able to use this tool. Additionally, PS3 SuperSlim models cannot use this tool. The source link below has a comprehensive FAQ that lets you check if your PS3 Slim has the right factory firmware or not.
In other words:
PS3 Phat: this CFW installer will work for you
PS3 Slim: Will work on most models, but you have to check your factory firmware (see FAQ link below)
PS3 SuperSlim: This release is not for you
The developers of the flasher warn that running the exploit on a model that is not compatible will brick your PS3. Confirm that your console is compatible with the exploit before attempting to run it!
PS3Xploit Flash Writer: what does it do, and what's next?
It was possible to flash these consoles with hardware solutions only, until now. This release lets you install a CFW on your PS3 4.82 console with a 100% software (and free) solution. It opens up possibilities for people who are on the latest firmware but didn't want the costs and risks associated with a hardware flasher.
In the current release, this flasher will let you install a 4.82 CFW on your console. You can then switch to other CFW versions if you need/want to.
For people who are on a console that is not compatible, the folks behind PS3Xploit have stated that they are working on a Homebrew ENabler (HEN) solution, which will give you most of the benefits of a CFW at runtime (without writing anything to the Flash). Typically a HEN gives you all the benefits of a CFW, except you have to re-launch it every time you turn the console on: it does not stay installed permanently. But such a HEN solution for people on unhackable consoles might not come soon, as the PS3Xploit team have not committed to a release date.
People credited for the release are W, Esc0rtD3w, Habib, and bguerville.
Download & run PS3Xploit Flash Writer
You can download the writer and check the instructions at the source on psx-place. Carefully read the whole FAQ, in particular it will explain how to run the exploit, how to test that your console is compatible, and where to download a 4.82 CFW to install with this. Again, launching this on an incompatible console, or not following the instructions, could lead to a brick. Remember that you are running this kind of tool at your own risk.
Enjoy!
A week after the dramatic flooding and closure of Mad City, MadPea Productions has opened their new location to the public: The Green Mire.
In this dark and humid swamp, you will not only find the MadPea Mainstore but…as almost expected from MadPea: A mystery!
As said in the information: ‘Ten years ago, Tony Lamil and Skip Dares went missing at the Green Mire swamp. A reward is being offered for any information leading to the location and/or safe return of the boys. Join the quest and explore this sim for free goodies and more. ‘
The Green Mire is really gorgeously landscaped and decorated, so even if you are not into solving the mystery, it is certainly worth a visit! It is however a homested-region, meaning with 20 avatars it is full, and since they are mentioned in the Destination Guide – it can be quite busy (It took me 2 days to get in….).
Firmware Friday: Lots of news from Nikon, Leica, Pentax, DJI, Metabones and Nissin
As the weekend arrives -- and for our American readers, perhaps an eagerly-awaited long weekend in honor of Independence Day next week -- so to do our regular weekly roundup of firmware news make its touchdown. This week, Firmware Friday brings news from three camera manufacturers (Leica, Nikon and Ricoh/Pentax), as well as from DJI (drones), Metabones (optical adapters), and Nissin (flash strobes).
Since cameras are our main focus here at Imaging Resource, we'll hit the Leica, Nikon and Pentax news first, and then circle back around for the rest. Without any further ado...
Leica M10
Regular Firmware Friday readers will have known this was on the way after our earlier mention of a beta test, but now it's here in final, release-ready form. The Leica M10 firmware version 1.7.4.0 update is aimed at greatly expanding SD card compatibility. Where the previous firmware wouldn't recognize certain SD cards, or wouldn't always take advantage of their full performance, the new firmware now aims to do so better than in the past.
Unfortunately, the company doesn't mention any specific cards which should now be compatible, however it does note that cars from one to 512GB in capacity are supported, with a recommended minimum write speed of 80MB/s or higher. And of course, UHS II cards are still only supported in UHS-1 fallback mode, thereby sacrificing their performance advantage.
You can download the Leica M10 update here.
Nikon D4, D4S, D5, D90, D500, D600, D610, D750, D800, D800E, D810, D810A, D3200, D3300, D3400, D5200, D5300, D5500, D5600, D7000, D7100, D7200, D7500 and Df
Moving along to Nikon, the company has updated its distortion control data for a huge raft of cameras, allowing for pincushion and barrel-distortion correction right in the camera body. The Distortion Control Data Version 2.016 update supports a total of 24 different DSLR camera models, although to use it you'll need to be running on recent firmware (albeit, not necessarily the latest-available version in all cases.) Courtesy of Nikon, the required firmware versions for each camera can be found below:
Camera Required firmware version D5 C:1.00 D4S C:1.00 D4 A:1.10, B:1.10 D810A C:1.00 D810 C:1.00 D800E A:1.10, B:1.10 D800 A:1.10, B:1.10 Df C:1.00 D750 C:1.00 D610 C:1.01 D600 C:1.02 D500 C:1.00 D7500 C:1.00 D7200 C:1.00 D7100 C:1.02 D7000 A:1.04, B:1.05 D5600 C:1.00 D5500 C:1.00 D5300 C:1.00 D5200 C:1.02 D3400 C:1.00 D3300 C:1.00 D3200 C:1.03 D90 A:1.00, B:1.01
Want to update your Nikon DSLR? Check you're on the right firmware version first, and then download the distortion control data here!
Pentax 645Z
Among the camera manufacturers, this week Ricoh is the only one to offer new features to its customers. Specifically, through its new firmware version 1.30 update, Ricoh's Pentax 645Z medium-format DSLR has been gifted the same Outdoor View and Night Vision LCD modes as seen in other recent Pentax-branded DSLRs. Outdoor View mode allows significantly greater display brightness for sunlight visibility, as well as significantly lower brightness when shooting in low light. Night Vision mode, meanwhile, disables all but the red channel, even when in menus or reviewing images. The red channel has minimal impact on your night vision, making this function ideal for astrophotography or other extreme low-light situations where you need to ensure your night vision isn't disrupted.
You can download the Pentax 645Z firmware version 1.30 update here.
DJI Spark
Moving on to equipment other than standalone cameras, drone maker DJI recently updated its just-launched DJI Spark drone to firmware version 01.00.0400, and its controller to firmware version 01.00.0100. Courtesy of the official release notes, changes are as follows:
Updated No Fly Zone Management.
For increased safety, the flight is restricted to a height of 30 m and distance of 50 m when not connected or logged into the app during flight, including DJI GO 4 and all apps compatible with DJI aircraft.
In Gesture mode, you can now take selfies even if the drone isn't following you. Just make a frame with your hands within 23 ft (7 m) of the aircraft while facing toward the camera.
Added the lowest altitude limit (1 ft, 0.3 m) for Gesture mode, and improved the aircraft's ability to recognize the wave gesture.
Improved ActiveTrack performance while recording video.
RTH at Current Altitude is now disabled by default.
Reduced video lag during aircraft rotation.
Fixed an issue where the remote controller and aircraft couldn't connect in some regions.
Reduced video downlink latency when Wi-Fi signal is weak.
The firmware can be installed through DJI's GO 4 app for Android or iOS devices, as shown in the video below:
Updating firmware using DJI GO 4
Metabones EF-MFT and EF-E Smart Adapter, EF-E Speed Booster Ultra and EF-FZ CINE Smart Adapter
Metabones has updated its firmware for several distinct series of products this week. The big news, though, is for its EF-E Smart Adapter MARK IV/V and EF-E Speed Booster ULTRA, which are now running firmware version 0.57. Here, there are a dozen or so changes as follows below:
Added autofocus support during high speed and medium speed continuous drive (up to 10fps) on Sony A9 ("Green" mode only). Experiment with the "Priority Set in AF-C" setting for the best compromise between hit rate and frame rate for your shooting style. Overall performance depends on lens used. The camera does not use hunting while tracking is in operation. If subject movement exceeds the measurement range of the OSPDAF sensor, autofocus pauses. This is by design. The measurement range of the OSPDAF sensor decreases as the focal length increases. Except for the original Mark I Smart Adapter this feature is available for all subsequent Speed Boosters and Smart Adapters.
Enlarged PDAF area on supported cameras when adapter is in Advanced mode, with the advisory that AF performance may be unsatisfactory outside of the central portion of the frame.
Enabled AF illuminator (Advanced mode only).
There is an AF accuracy issue when using AF-S or DMF on Sony A9 and telephoto lenses with Metabones in "Advanced" mode, which affects this and all previous firmware versions. Green mode, which is set by default on Sony A9, is not affected (except for the original Smart Adapter Mark I, which does not support "Green" mode). A9 users are advised to not use "Advanced" mode but stick with the default "Green" mode. In addition, some telephoto lenses rarely exhibit this issue, such as EF 200/2.8L II USM, EF 400/5.6L USM and Tamron 150-600/5-6.3 VC USD A011. Investigation of this issue is still in progress.
Fixed AF issue with EF-S 10-18mm f/4.5-5.6 IS STM and EF-S 18-135/3.5-5.6 IS Nano USM lenses.
Fixed smooth iris support for 40/2.8 STM, 50/1.8 STM and Sigma 50-100/1.8 DC HSM Art 016.
Fixed CN-E 18-80 T4.4 L IS KAS S servo zoom used by the camera's zoom rocker and the lens' rocker in alternation.
Fixed CN-E 18-80 T4.4 L IS KAS S auto iris when adapter is in Green mode, where extremely bright conditions no longer causes the iris to close completely.
Fixed aperture display with Canon EF 300mm f/4L IS USM lens and Kenko Pro 300 teleconvertter.
Corrected W-T zoom scale display in "Advanced" mode for Speed Booster and Kenko Pro 300 teleconverter (except Mark I/II/III and original Speed Booster).
Faster aperture diaphragm for still photography in Advanced mode when Live Vide mode is set to Setting Effect OFF.
LED (if available) now shows solid magenta when adapter is connected to USB waiting for Metabones App to run.
For the Canon EF to Micro Four Thirds Smart Adapter/Speed Booster, meanwhile, there are three changes as follows:
Fixed smooth iris support for 40/2.8 STM, 50/1.8 STM and Sigma 50-100/1.8 DC HSM Art 016.
Fixed AF issue with EF-S 10-18mm f/4.5-5.6 IS STM and EF-S 18-135/3.5-5.6 IS Nano USM lenses.
Fixed regression with EF Extender 1.4x not being recognized when used with fixed focal length lenses
And finally, for the Canon EF - Sony FZ CINE Smart Adapter, there is just one change: Auto iris, servo zoom, and custom function button support for the Canon CN-E 18-80 T4.4L lens. You can download Metabones' latest firmware at the links below:
Canon EF to Micro Four Thirds Smart Adapter/Speed Booster firmware version 2.8 Windows macOS
EF-E Smart Adapter MARK IV/V and EF-E Speed Booster ULTRA firmware version 0.57 Windows macOS
Canon EF - Sony FZ CINE Smart Adapter firmware version 6.44 Windows macOS
Nissin i40, i60A, Di700A and Air 1 Commander
And finally for this week, we come to Nissin. The Japanese flash manufacturer has updated its i40, i60A and Di700A flash strobes, as well as its Air 1 Commander device, to provide High-Speed Sync capability for Fujifilm cameras. You won't be able to install the updates yourself, however. Instead, you'll need to fill in the repair and service form, and send your gear to Nissin's US-market importer, New England Imaging Distribution. The update service is free of charge for products purchased from authorized dealers in the USA, and return shipping within the USA is also covered.
And that's it for this week. Be sure to check back next time for more firmware news!
(Camera parts image courtesy of Kelly Hofer / Flickr; used under a Creative Commons CC-BY-2.0 license. Image has been modified from the original.)
NASHVILLE — Major League Soccer Commissioner Don Garber was having a moment.
On a sunny morning in mid-July, Garber arrived in Nashville to meet with politicians, business leaders and sports executives eager to bring an M.L.S. team to the city. The two-day fact-finding mission was part of a 12-city tour being conducted by Garber and their deputy, Mark Abbott, to determine which of the dozen cities will be chosen as home to the two expansion teams M.L.S. plans to approve this year.
Already Garber had been greeted by a marching band in Cincinnati and by fans waving giant cardboard cutouts of their face in Sacramento.
So for Garber, who stood at the lectern in Nashville, the latest warm reception seemed as much a validation as an opportunity. They had taken over a struggling 12-team league in 1999 and contracted it to 10 clubs two years later to stave off its collapse. Now, the league is executing a plan to grow to 28 clubs by 2020, and interest in professional soccer in the United States — in M.L.S. and far beyond it — has surged.
Instead of seeing teams fold or move, the league has investors ready to spend hundreds of millions of dollars on expansion fees and stadium construction. The new stadiums, the new sponsors, the new players emerging from the league's new academy programs “empower anyone running a sports league,” Garber said.
The future of Formula One's British Grand Prix is at risk after the boss of the Silverstone race track revealed that it lacks sufficient funding and needs an investor.
Silverstone has a contract to host the British GP until 2026 but a clause in the agreement with F1's boss Bernie Ecclestone allows it to be terminated as early next year.
The Northamptonshire track is suffering from a loss of rental income after selling a lease on 280 acres of land to clear is debts. Its plight has led to it paying the hosting fee for the British GP in arrears, meaning that a letter of credit from its bankers is necessary for the race to go ahead.
However, there is now a danger - according to Silverstone's managing director Patrick Allen - that the bank will put the brakes on the letter of credit as ticket sales are barely compensating for the annual increase in the race hosting fee.
“Can I guarantee the future? No I can't,” said Mr Allen. “Could I hand on heart say to Mr Ecclestone,‘don't worry, your money is absolutely safe for the next 10 years?' No I couldn't... to pull the contract would be a sad thing for Silverstone, it would be a sad thing for motor racing and it would be a very sad thing for Britain.”
Photo: PA
Built on the site of a former airfield, Silverstone hosted the first race of the F1 championship in 1950. It is owned by the British Racing Drivers Club (BRDC), a group of 850 members including superstar drivers Jenson Button and Lewis Hamilton. This means that it lacks a single owner who can pump in money and instead investment decisions have to be put to a vote.
An escalation clause in the British GP contract boosts the annual hosting fee by around 5pc and it currently stands at an estimated £16m. The escalator is around half of that of its rivals and Silverstone also keeps half of F1's corporate hospitality takings for British GP whereas other venues rarely receive any of it. Despite this, the race is still in financial trouble as it lacks government funding.
State subsidies usually cover the running costs of an F1 race so Silverstone instead has to use the proceeds from ticket sales. This puts it on the back foot and organisers have been forced to increase ticket prices to compensate for the hosting fee escalation. Last year the British GP's three-day pass was higher than that of any other race at £170 and Mr Allen said it is reaching the limit.
“If you put the price up you get less people,” they said. “It gets more expensive every year and there is a finite capacity that we can get into the circuit. So it is certainly increasingly difficult.” Mr Allen said ticket sales were currently 163pc up on 2014 but it was offset by the increase in costs.
An increasing fee isn't the only cost which Silverstone has had to cover. Prior to signing the F1 contract it upgraded its facilities and in 2011 opened a new pit and paddock complex. This was funded with cash and a £12.7m bank loan with £12.4m borrowed from Northamptonshire County Council.
Photo: AFP
The narrow margins on the race gave the BRDC little free cash to pay down the debt so instead, in September 2013, it leased 280 acres of land surrounding the circuit for £32m to MEPC, a property group owned by the BT pension fund.
The money was used to pay off the loans but it led to the BRDC losing rental income from the land to plug the difference between the ticket revenue and the escalating hosting fee.
Adding to the pressure is the fact that Silverstone is one of few tracks which pays its hosting fee in arrears after years of under performance. “They are paying next year for this year's race because I have allowed them to do this otherwise they would have closed before,” said Mr Ecclestone. It means that a letter of credit is necessary from Silverstone's bank to guarantee that the British GP will go ahead. Mr Ecclestone said this might not be forthcoming due to Silverstone finding it difficult to cover its costs.
Mr Allen added: “What you really need for all parties is, in my opinion, somebody who wants to buy a trophy asset and is willing to put a large amount of equity in...You want somebody that has got lots of money, who loves motor racing, who really wants to run Silverstone profitably but has the capital to inject into the business so it fixes the balance sheet and takes the risk profile away.”
Home Blog Django OneToOneFields are Hard to Use, Let's Make Them Better
Django OneToOneFields are Hard to Use, Let's Make Them Better
(All code samples are the under the Simplified BSD License)
Django's OneToOneField is a useful tool, I like it especially for creating UserProfiles, but it's useful in many ways.
However, it is not the easiest thing to use. In this blog post, I will explore some of the things I've done in the past to overcome some of the rough edges that OneToOneFields have.
The Django OneToOneField raises exceptions if the related model doesn't exist. In order to check whether or not the related model exists, you have to use hasattr .
Always raising exceptions
One problem is that when you access a related model that doesn't exist yet, it will throw a ObjectDoesNotExist exception. Which makes sense, but is kind of hard to use.
There are a couple of solutions to this problem:
Make sure that the related model always exists, (perhaps using the post_save signal). Work around it with a property, something like this:
class User(AbstractUser): # ... @property def customer_profile(self): try: return self._customer_profile except CustomerProfile.DoesNotExist: return CustomerProfile.objects.create( user=self, ) class CustomerProfile(models.Model): user = models.OneToOneField('User', related_name='_customer_profile')
Both of these solutions work, but the first one feels hacky to me--what happens if I bulk_create some Users ( post_save isn't fired)? And as for the second one, requires that I have control over the User model. I would prefer a solution that does not require me to override the User model.
A possible solution
So I was thinking, why don't we just create a OneToOneField that automatically creates the profile if it doesn't exist? That way we won't get exceptions. Plus! The profile is created automatically for you.
Turns out it's not too hard. And bonus! It uses my favorite feature from Python, object descriptors!
from django.db import IntegrityError from django.db.models.fields.related import ( OneToOneField, SingleRelatedObjectDescriptor, ) class AutoSingleRelatedObjectDescriptor(SingleRelatedObjectDescriptor): def __get__(self, instance, type=None): try: return super(AutoSingleRelatedObjectDescriptor, self).__get__(instance, type) except self.related.model.DoesNotExist: kwargs = { self.related.field.name: instance, } rel_obj = self.related.model._default_manager.create(**kwargs) setattr(instance, self.cache_name, rel_obj) return rel_obj class AutoOneToOneField(OneToOneField): related_accessor_class = AutoSingleRelatedObjectDescriptor
With AutoOneToOneField , when the related model doesn't exist, it will be created automatically:
Let's look back at our previous example,
class User(AbstractBaseUser): # ... @property def customer_profile(self): try: return self._customer_profile except CustomerProfile.DoesNotExist: return CustomerProfile.objects.create( user=self, ) class CustomerProfile(models.Model): user = models.OneToOneField('User', related_name='_customer_profile')
becomes:
class CustomerProfile(models.Model): user = AutoOneToOneField('User', related_name='customer_profile')
And now when you try to access it, there are no errors thrown:
user = User.objects.all()[0] user.customer_profile # Always returns a customer profile
Caveat
Unfortunately, this is not the most appropriate solution for all situations. One assumption that it makes is that you can create the related model by just filling in one field. This of course won't work if your related model has fields on it that are null=False and don't provide a default.
However, it works well for those instances when you always want a profile model available for a user and can provide defaults for all of the fields.
Alternate solution
What if instead of creating the related model, the OneToOneField just returned None instead? That would be easier to deal with in your code and also wouldn't make assumptions on how to create related models.
class SoftSingleRelatedObjectDescriptor(SingleRelatedObjectDescriptor): def __get__(self, *args, **kwargs): try: return super(SoftSingleRelatedObjectDescriptor, self).__get__(*args, **kwargs) except self.related.model.DoesNotExist: return None class SoftOneToOneField(OneToOneField): related_accessor_class = SoftSingleRelatedObjectDescriptor
(Yay for more Python object descriptors!)
This makes accessing the related model not throw an exception any more, but your code now should expect a None value instead.
class CustomerProfile(models.Model): user = SoftOneToOneField('User', related_name='customer_profile') class MyProfileView(DetailView): def get_context_data(self, **kwargs): kwargs = super(MyProfileView, self).get_context_data(**kwargs) # This will no longer raise an exception if the customer_profile does # not exist kwargs.update(my_profile=self.customer_profile) return kwargs
hasattr
Because OneToOneFields will throw an exception if the related model doesn't exist, the Django docs suggest using hasattr to check whether or not the related model exists.
I find this somewhat counterintuitive, and the behavior is also inconsistent with null=True ForeignKey fields. In addition, as someone who is approaching the code someone has written using all the hasattr checks for a model field, I think it's kind of hard to read.
Ideally, there would be some property on the related model that informs me whether or not the related model exists. Something like this:
class User(AbstractUser): # ... def is_customer(self): return hasattr(self, 'customer_profile') class CustomerProfile(models.Model): user = models.OneToOneField('User', related_name='customer_profile')
Now I can write code like this:
if request.user.is_customer: # do customer stuff else: # do other stuff
Which I find much more readable than using than
if hasattr(request.user, 'is_customer'): # do customer stuff else: # do other stuff
However, this of course forces me to implement my own custom user model, boo. Additionally, if my app has more than one user type (for example Customer and Merchant for a store app), then I will start having to keep adding more properties that have almost the exact same code. Not very DRY.
Wouldn't it be better if I could automatically add a property that tells me whether or not the related model exists?
Here's a OneToOneField subclass that provides this feature:
class AddFlagOneToOneField(OneToOneField): def __init__(self, *args, **kwargs): self.flag_name = kwargs.pop('flag_name') super(AddFlagOneToOneField, self).__init__(*args, **kwargs) def contribute_to_related_class(self, cls, related): super(AddFlagOneToOneField, self).contribute_to_related_class(cls, related) def flag(model_instance): return hasattr(model_instance, related.get_accessor_name()) setattr(cls, self.flag_name, property(flag)) def deconstruct(self): name, path, args, kwargs = super(AddFlagOneToOneField, self).deconstruct() kwargs['flag_name'] = self.flag_name return name, path, args, kwargs
This field builds on Django's built-in OneToOneField , but with a few modifications, it could work with SoftOneToOneField .
Now, when I create my profile models, I can add that property to the User model without touching the User model[0].
class CustomerProfile(models.Model): user = AddFlagOneToOneField('auth.User', related_name='customer_profile', flag_name='is_customer') class MerchantProfile(models.Model): user = AddFlagOneToOneField('auth.User', related_name='merchant_profile', flag_name='is_merchant') class EmployeeProfile(models.Model): user = AddFlagOneToOneField('auth.User', related_name='employee_profile', flag_name='is_employee')
And now the User model has these readable flags that I can use instead of hasattr.
user = User.objects.get(email='customer@example.com') user.is_customer # True user.is_merchant # False user.is_employee # False
AddFlagOneToOneField has the benefit of not throwing exceptions and also that you don't have modified the User model.
Thanks for reading!
[0]: If you want to read more about this, see Williams, Master of the “Come From”.
Rocky is a lead Django developer at Fusionbox, a Python Development Company in Denver, CO.
When I caught up with Rob Hopkins at the SXSW Eco conference in Austin, Texas, this week, they had just ended a seven-year, self-imposed airplane fast. This is a guy who takes the climate fight — and the power of individual actions — seriously. A few years back, they launched Transition Towns, aimed at helping communities lead the way into a post-fossil-fuel world. The movement has since spread around the globe.
Hopkins, a Brit, said they climbed on a plane again to attend a meeting of the Environmental Grantmakers Association, and try to convince foundations to pour money into transition efforts. They were in Austin speaking at SXSW and kicking off a whirlwind tour to promote their new book, The Power of Just Doing Stuff: How Local Action Can Change the World. When that's done, he's grounded again: “People say, ‘Oh, you're flying again,'” they said. “I'm not flying again. I flew once.”
Cape Town - A proposed new expropriation law is nearing completion, with MPs putting the final touches to a key element of the government's land reform programme.
The expropriation bill is in the final stages of a lengthy drafting process aimed at aligning expropriation with the Constitution and providing certainty for all affected parties, as it is used for land reform and reforms to bring equitable access to natural resources.
It sets out the painstaking steps, administrative procedures, and time frames on how property can be expropriated, and what to do if there is a dispute.
It provides for expropriation with compensation and states that no law may permit arbitrary deprivation of property.
It also makes the courts the final arbiter of any disputes.
It stipulates who is responsible for the maintenance of a property that is being expropriated until the expropriation goes through (the property owner is responsible until expropriation is finalised), among other points of clarity.
It gives local authorities, such as a municipal manager, a chance to submit an opinion on the effect that the expropriation will have on municipal planning and gives unregistered rights holders a say in the process.
The bill has support from the ANC MPs on the Public Works Committee, which is deliberating over it, but the EFF and the DA do not like it in its present form.
Compensation is a key element of the bill, which the EFF rejects in line with its own policies on expropriation without compensation.
At the other end of the spectrum, the DA, although not opposed to expropriation, has a problem with the vagueness of the word "property" in reference to property that can be expropriated.
According to the draft, property is defined in terms of Section 25 of the Constitution which deals with property rights.
This section states that property is not confined to land. It could be a person whose tenure of land is legally insecure as a result of past racially discriminatory laws or practices. It allows restitution as a result of past discriminatory laws in the form of either property, or "equitable redress".
It states that no provision may impede the state from taking legislative and other measures to achieve land, water and related reform to address past racial discrimination.
"The definition of 'property' can be anything," said DA MP Anchen Dreyer on the sidelines of the meeting.
"It could be extended to the expropriation of intellectual property and shares, for example. It is not specified."
The opposition party had tried to have the definition changed to be more specific, but had failed.
Dreyer warned that the bill could be challenged in the Constitutional Court if it was passed as is.
The DA is also concerned that the process to determine compensation is vague.
The government has previously worked on the principle of "willing buyer, willing seller". The shift now is for compensation that is "just and equitable" and is a balance between public interest and the interest of the expropriated owner.
"It does not go far enough. It should be very clearly stipulated who determines the price and we want it to be strengthened up in that regard," said Dreyer.
The committee will meet again next week for further discussion and potentially lead up to a vote on whether the bill is accepted.
CLEVELAND, Ohio -- A national apartment developer based in Garfield Heights plans to build a 248-unit rental project in Cleveland's Detroit Shoreway neighborhood, in that area's largest housing proposal since Battery Park.
The NRP Group has secured deals to buy 11 acres of industrial property along Breakwater Avenue, overlooking the West Shoreway between West 58th and West 65th streets. Representatives from NRP presented conceptual plans for four apartment buildings and 19 townhouse-style rental homes during a city design review committee meeting Wednesday.
The project comes as downtown Cleveland and close-lying neighborhoods are seeing a rental renaissance of sorts. A trend that started with makeovers of old warehouses and office buildings has spread to include pockets of new construction -- with bullish occupancy projections and, in some cases, less subsidy than one might expect in a city where low rents often make it tough to build anything new.
If the West Side project happens, it will mark NRP's first stab at developing market-rate rentals in the city. The company has built lower-income apartments in Cleveland but has focused on other cities -- Houston; Tampa, Fla.; and, recently, Beachwood -- for its full-price and luxury products.
"That's an interesting spot," Michael Barron, who handles Northeast Ohio apartment deals for Marcus & Millichap Real Estate Investment Services, said of the Detroit Shoreway site. "I have a lot of respect for NRP and their projects. They build good stuff and they know how to market, they know how to advertise. Hopefully they're successful. I don't know what their costs are."
Aaron Pechota, a vice president of development at NRP, wouldn't discuss the potential price of the project at Wednesday's design review meeting. They also declined to comment on rental rates at the community, which would include 360 parking spaces, green space, a clubhouse area and an outdoor swimming pool.
"We don't see this coming in at the top end of the market," Pechota told the design review committee. "It's very much a luxury product, but we think it's a reasonable price point."
Apartment occupancies in Greater Cleveland hovered near 95 percent last year, with backlogs of would-be renters at some buildings in the center city. In a recent report, Marcus & Millichap predicted slightly higher vacancies this year and slower rent growth, due to factors including a soft job market.
But investors and lenders remain intrigued by downtown and some Cleveland neighborhoods, which have been bucking broader population-loss trends and attracting young professionals and childless couples who want to rent instead of buy.
The first phase of the NRP project would span 8 acres, with two sets of four-story apartment buildings and a few clusters of townhouses. Plans by Dimit Architects show that the developer would set aside the remaining 3 acres, on the eastern end of the property, for a second phase.
"For the city of Cleveland, it's a home run," said Jeff Ramsey, executive director of the Detroit Shoreway Community Development Organization, a neighborhood group. "People understand that there's just not a market for these industrial buildings. Here on the lakefront, it's one of the best sites for housing."
The NRP project does not include the Westinghouse Building, an eight-story structure that looms over the Shoreway at the north end of West 58th. That building was one of several used by Westinghouse Electric Corp., a Cleveland manufacturer that made lights used at airports, along highways and at industrial facilities.
"I've had a number of people come out here," Peter Kole, who owns the building, said of interest from developers over the years. "Let's put it this way. The numbers aren't right."
Kole, whose Paramount Stamping and Welding operates out of the Westinghouse Building, did agree to sell nearby industrial property to NRP.
Like other residential projects in the city, the Breakwater development would qualify for property-tax abatement.
Cleveland Councilman Matt Zone, who represents the area, said he's had preliminary conversations with NRP about potential funding for infrastructure work on or near the site. The project would require a street extension and street widening. And the site could incorporate a stretch of the Cleveland Lakefront Bikeway, a scenic bike path.
"At this time, there's no firm commitment on what the city's going to do, other than tax abatement," Zone said.
The Detroit Shoreway group and Zone plan to host a community meeting about the Breakwater apartments at 7 p.m. on Jan. 30th, at the Lady of Mount Carmel School gymnasium at Detroit Avenue and West 70th Street.
Design review committee members gave a thumbs-up to the project concept on Wednesday. The Cleveland City Planning Commission could see the proposal in February.
This video is no longer available
This video was hosted on Vidme, which is no longer in operation. However, you might find this video at one of these links:
Video title:
KonoSuba! 2 OP - "TOMORROW" (Piano Cover)
Upload date:
December 12 2016
Uploaded by:
PianoPrinceOfAnime
Video description:
DONATE & SUPPORT me: https://www.patreon.com/PianoPrinceOfAnime FOLLOW me : https://www.facebook.com/PianoPrinceOfAnimee - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ►Twitter : https://twitter.com/KazuDesuKeikaku ►Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/pianoprinceofanime ►Facebook : https://www.facebook.com/PianoPrinceOfAnime - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - =============================================== Midi: http://bit.ly/2ivcWQ4 =============================================== MP3: http://bit.ly/2hZ5Ke2 =============================================== Dear My BEST buddies (You, who are watching my videos X3) I AM BACK! After a week! hahaha! Sorry if i am not uploading much in December! I am purposely doing it because i want to wait for the new season to start! hahaha!!! When the new season starts, i will be back to my usual one cover per week schedule! So look forward to that! ALSO, Say HELLO to my new VST! I know that the audio may be a bit dry now, I will play around with the settings to get my preferred audio! So look forward to that as well!! Now. For my album / single announcement. This was not my first because last time i tried releasing an album, i procrastinate because i told myself that my playing wasn't good enough to be released as an album to you amazing people! Now i am confident as i have MORE buddies compared to last time and MORE people really love the music that i create. It is time for my to release one. ALBUM/SINGLE DETAILS: ====================== "Ethereal" by PianoPrinceOfAnime Release date:13-Jan-2017 Primary Genre: Soundtrack Secondary Genre: Instrumental ========================= It will be sold on Itunes at $0.99 , Spotify and many more stores!!! I really do hope that you guys will support me! Your Pianist, PianoPrinceOfAnime - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Anime/Movies/Video Games: KonoSuba Season 2 Song: (OP) "TOMORROW" Artist: Machico Arr. & Trans. by: me - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - *Patreon Supporters* HUGE thanks to: 1. Victor Croce ($5) 2. Daniel Quaintance ($15) PS. Writing the composition now!
Total views:
515
The letter to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson comes amid a planned reorganization of the government. | Getty Dozens of former diplomats press Tillerson to keep refugee and migration bureau at State
Over 40 former U.S. diplomats and national security officers along with almost 20 humanitarians wrote Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, requesting that the administration keep the State Department's Bureau of Population, Refugees and Migration. Their letter, dated Sunday, comes amid a planned reorganization of the government, which includes a proposal to eliminate this bureau entirely.
“We are convinced that the elimination of PRM's assistance functions would have profound and negative implications for the Secretary of State's capacity to influence policy issues of key concern to the United States,” the letter said. “It would also be ironic, as this is one of the bureaus at State that has enjoyed strong bipartisan support over many years.”
Story Continued Below
Signatories included key people from the Republican and Democratic parties, including former Deputy Secretary of State William Burns and former American diplomat Dennis Ross. They respectively served on former president Barack Obama's and George H. W. Bush's administrations.
The team of more than 50 people sent the letter in response to leaked White House Domestic Policy Council documents, and they argued that this was not the time to remove the bureau with so much turmoil abroad.
“We write at a time in which world displacement is at the highest level ever recorded, which underscores the critical importance of U.S. capacity to address this crucial global issue,” the letter said. “The PRM Bureau plays, in effective partnership with USAID, a key role in promoting U.S. humanitarian and foreign policy interests and has been an extraordinarily valuable tool for the Department of State and the Secretary of State — now and over the past decades.”
The letter also was sent to Sens. Bob Corker (R-Tenn.), Ben Cardin (D-Md.), Lindsey Graham (R-S.C.) and Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) as well as Reps. Ed Royce (R-Calif.), Eliot Engel (D-N.Y.), Hal Rogers (R-Ky.) and Nita Lowey (D-N.Y.). They are the chairs and ranking members of the House and Senate Committees of Foreign Relations and Appropriations subcommittees on State, Foreign Operations and Related Programs.
Please enable Javascript to watch this video
SEATTLE -- When you think of video games, what first comes to mind? If you're like me, it was sitting on the couch as a kid, playing Super Mario Bros. and eating Lucky Charms until being told to run outside. (True story: we didn't have Nintendo so I would just desperately try to convince my friends to let me play at their house. I was still just awful at it. Sorry, Mario.)
This is NOT that kind of video game. DOTA 2 is a game that brought 16 teams to Seattle over the weekend to compete for a total of over $18 million; it's a game that brought thousands of people to Seattle's KeyArena to watch them play it live; and it's a game that brought hundreds of thousands more, if not millions, to the live stream of the event.
DOTA 2 is a video game by Valve Corporation (based in Bellevue, WA), played on the computer, between two teams of five. To super-simplify what is actually a very complicated game, each team works together on the DOTA map to try and knock down the tower of their opponent. However, there are many, many ways to win the game and the strategy all starts with a ‘draft' of heroes (the characters you control in the game). So whereas I fought my friends to play Mario versus Luigi, DOTA 2 players look at a range of over 100 heroes, and as a team choose five to play based on their strategy for winning (and based on what they see their opponents draft as well).
The game is played by millions all over the world. People enjoy watching the pros play the same way those of us who casually throw a football with our friends enjoy watching the Seahawks not at all casually throw the football around.
And, boy, are the DOTA pros amazing: these are teams from China, Russia, the U.S., South Korea, and more: teams who practice hours upon hours every day; who study how opposing teams play; who take this very, very seriously as something that is forever challenging and changing. 16 of these teams made it to The International this year, the DOTA 2 grand championship now in its fifth year.
After 6 days of intense competition through brackets (think March Madness with college basketball), the U.S.-based team Evil Geniuses triumphed, winning over $6.5 million to split among the five of them. (2nd place through 6th place teams also scored over a million each, on down the line to 16th place taking home just over $55,000.)
I participated in this event for the third-year running, hosting interviews with fans and players, and trying to bridge the gap between the knowledge of in-the-know DOTA 2 experts, and casual gamers who are trying to learn more. Any of you who know me know I am terrible at video games of any kind; but let me be the first to tell you, a lack of video gaming prowess does not prevent one from appreciating and enjoying the excitement of this game and this community. I challenge anyone who has ever thought of gamers as the kind of lazy Lucky Charms eaters I once was to rediscover what gaming has truly become: a legitimate, strategy-filled ESport that combines teamwork with hard work, and rewards the players who commit to greatness. Isn't that the same reason we love watching the Seattle Seahawks (or any sports team for that matter)? The thrill of knowing the people you are watching prepared intensively for something that they now have a lot on the line for; the emotion, the grit, the clear determination to be successful. It's all here, in this community you may have never heard of, that actually consists of millions of people from all different countries and cultures joined together by a love of something that is challenging and engaging and downright fun to be a part of. I'm not asking you to play it, necessarily; I am asking you to take a look and perhaps consider giving gamers the respect many of them deserve.
So parents: the next time your child tells you they or they want to be a gamer for a living, consider that the best of the best literally do exactly that. And some of them just brought home millions of dollars.
To learn more about DOTA 2, click HERE.
Thank you to the DOTA 2 community for embracing a mainstream media lady like myself!
Try as they might, Democrats will find no peace in the wilderness. Not while they refuse to reconcile the conditions that led voters to relegate them to a position of impotence unseen by Democrats in nearly a century. Rueful introspection is, however, unpleasant. Democratic elites appear disinclined to put their members through any more trauma than they've already endured. That's a recipe for disaster. As a result, the Democratic activist class is leading the party by the nose into heedless courses of action they will soon regret.
Say what you will about the GOP's post-2012 “autopsy,” the recommendations of which the party disregarded entirely in 2016. At least Republicans engaged in a critical self-examination, and not without cost. That document's suggestions and the legislative course on which it set the party's members in Congress arguably set the stage for a populist backlash personified in Trump. Mindful of that history, Democrats declined to perform any sort of public post-mortem on their party's role in the demise of Hillary Clinton's presidential aspirations. Behind closed doors, however, Democrats seem fully aware of their predicament.
Democratic apologists for Clinton's campaign blame their loss on any number of boogiemen; Russia, James Comey, media, et cetera. All of these factors contributed in their own way to depressing the base of reliably Democratic voters, who simply didn't turn out for Clinton in the same numbers that they did for Barack Obama. Therefore, the obvious solution to the Democratic Party's conundrum is to reenergize the Democratic base. At least, that's the story Democrats tell themselves. According to new research, though, the story is bunk.
As reported by McClatchy, a study conducted by the Democratic public relations and research firm Global Strategy Group found that the bases did turn out in 2016. It's just that many of its members voted for Trump. “Those Obama-Trump voters, in fact, effectively accounted for more than two-thirds of the reason Clinton lost,” the report read. “[A]bout 70 percent of Clinton's failure to reach Obama's vote total in 2012 was because they lost these voters.”
It was New York Times columnist Thomas Edsall who foreshadowed the abandonment of the “white working-class” by Democrats in their prescient 2011 column, “The Future of the Obama Coalition.” In 2012, Barack Obama demonstrated that they did not need the blue-collar white voters who had made up the backbone of the New Deal coalition to win. The following two election cycles showed pretty definitively, however, that no other Democrat could replicate Obama's coalition.
All this is terribly embarrassing for Democrats, and so they simply choose to ignore it. Acknowledging Hillary Clinton as the terrible politician they always was just too much to bear. Conceding that Barack Obama sacrificed the party they led in the construction of their own personality cult is anathema. Convincing the Democratic Party's activists that they cannot win national elections without the aid of a class of voters at whom they look down their nose is an unendurable insult.
As a result, Democrats are encountering the mirror image of the problem that vexed Republicans in 2013. Instead of leading their party's voters in a direction they resent, Democrats are allowing themselves to be defined by their most radical elements.
Since the election of Donald Trump to the presidency, the party has found the enthusiasm commanded by its progressive members irresistible. The Democratic Party's most celebrated personalities are self-identified progressives, but not necessarily self-identified Democrats. The chairpersonship of the Democratic National Committee came down to a race between a progressive radical and a progressive populist—a race the progressive populist only just barely won. That chairperson has since made it clear that the party they lead is no home for Americans who consider themselves, for example, pro-life, despite the fact that somewhere between 18 and 27 percent of Democrats would likely fall into that column.
This is a party that sees standing in schoolhouse doorways to block the entry of Trump appointees, destroying property, and scoffing at non-violent demonstrations as legitimate forms of “Resistance.” It is a party whose bitter luminaries reject even the pretense of reconciliation with the registered Democrats who broke ranks for Trump. It is a party that, when it tried to elevate a white southern Democratic former governor to repair its image among Trump voters, was laughed out of the room by the politically active celebrity left.
To their detriment, both the party's elected leaders and its committee chairs are indulging the hyperbole that typifies the modern left. It defied all logic to force Republicans to confirm Justice Neal Gorsuch to the Supreme Court by triggering the “nuclear option.” Gorsuch, a qualified justice and an unassuming fellow, was not objectionable enough to inspire public revulsion over their nomination. By taking the late Antonin Scalia's seat, their confirmation only maintained the existing ideological balance on the bench. But grassroots Democrats, embittered by Mitch McConnell's successful strategy of refusing to hold hearings for Barack Obama's Supreme Court nominee and seeing any compromise with Trump as capitulation to “fascism,” forced their representatives' hands.
Now, having disarmed themselves in a theatrical display of pique for their hot-headed base, Democrats in Congress are ill-prepared in the event that a more consequential seat on the Supreme Court bench is vacated. That opportunity for the GOP may be just over the horizon. According to friends and associates, 80-year-old Justice Anthony Kennedy is looking to retire as soon as this summer. Kennedy is the Court's “swing vote,” and liberals would sorely miss Kennedy's centrism. But they will now be at a loss to do anything but grouse at the person Trump nominates to replace him.
To the objective observer, the GOP appears incapable of governing. In control of both chambers of Congress and the White House, very little consequential legislation has made it to the president's desk. Democrats need only present themselves as a reasonable alternative to the GOP to benefit from the voting public's natural suspicion of one-party governance. It seems that even this modest charge is too much for the Democratic Party in the era of Trump.
The developer behind PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale has dispelled recent rumors that the studio is set to shut up shop.
Speaking with EDGE, SuperBot Entertainment director of operations, David Yang, confirmed the company is beavering away on new IP, but did reveal it has downsized considerably following All-Stars' release.
“We have substantially shrunk down our operations, but are still going strong while we work on a new IP,” said Yang.
SuperBot confirmed on February 4 that it had called time on its working agreement with Sony, issuing the following statement:
"SuperBot Entertainment will continue working on projects that reflect our passion for games and our commitment to creating award winning titles. We are very excited about beginning the next chapter of our future and invite all of our fans and supporters to follow our journey."
Based in Culver City, California, SuperBot has only released one title to date, the asupervisorstioned PlayStation All-Stars Battle Royale for PlayStation 3 and PlayStation Vita. The company was founded in 2009 by Sony Santa Monica executive producer, Shannon Studstill.
Stay tuned for more information on SuperBot's new project(s) here at PSU.com.
via CVG
A Sacramento woman, Etta Mae Lopez, 31, has reportedly slapped a cop with one goal in mind — get thrown in jail long enough to quit smoking.
Lopez “waited all day for a deputy to come out because they knew if they assaulted a deputy they would go to jail and be inside long enough to quit their smoking habit,” said Sacramento County Sheriff's Deputy Matt Campoy.
Lopez stood patiently outside the jail waiting for an officer in uniform to exit. When they saw Campoy, they quickly became their target as they passed a line of inmate family members outside of the building. The 5-foot-1-inch woman made their move and caught them completely off-guard.
“She suddenly stepped into me and slapped my face,” described Campoy. “I've been telling everybody I have a new Irish name: Nick O'Derm.”
They were quickly handcuffed and taken into the jail. Once the handcuffs were removed, Lopez struck their wrist.
In court, Lopez pleaded no contest to misdemeanor battery on a peace officer and was sentenced to 63 days in jail. They were also given a five day sentence for violating their 2010 probation for a drunken driving conviction.
Upon sentencing, Lopez was ordered to stay away from deputies when they are released.
The big question remaining on everyone's minds — will Lopez be able to kick their smoking habit behind bars?
Looks like we were on track with a recent story that cited Media Matters' “Twitter Bombing” as the driving force that's scaring advertisers away from Rush, network radio newscasts and radio in general: Is the loss of advertisers really a reaction to genuine public outrage, or a coordinated plan from Media Matters and other left-wing groups waiting to be executed the instant Rush said anything remotely controversial? New evidence from Alana Goodman of Commentary Magazine and William Jacobson of Legal Insurrection suggests that the latter was definitely the case.
The Blaze reports Jacobson and Goodman fingered Media Matters for America as the culprits behind boycott. Their evidence is an interview with Media Matters' Director of Online Strategy, Angelo Carusone, published in the Village Voice. Carusone is also behind the supposed “advertiser boycott” of Glenn Beck.
Said Caruso: “I was trying to figure out what I was going to do, and for me, it became clear that things were pretty messed up. Our policies are messed up, and didn't think the conversation around them was going well. I started looking at the irresponsible, reckless pillars of the media. Beck represented the worst of them at the time. They were extremely reckless, and illustrated the very worst of the media abdicating their responsibility. That's why I picked them as a first target. Things for them turned out to be bad business. I think people should have opinions, and express them passionately, but there is a responsible way of doing that. They were being completely irresponsible, and that's why I started Stop Beck, in July of 2009.”
Here's where Caruso said where the Limbaugh boycott originated: “Stop Rush, I initially rolled it out in late 2009 and early 2010. At the time, the Beck work was doing well. I thought that in dealing with advertisers, some really appreciated being educated about where their ads were running. The ad market took care of this. The word “boycott,” it's very rare that I called for a boycott or attacked a company. For the most part, I let advertisers know where there money was being spent, where it was going, and what it was helping. They made the decision themselves….Rush had spent three full days digging in. I started talking to advertisers on Thursday, and got a lot of feedback on Friday, and I knew a lot of movement was taking place. This was important to think about from a business perspective. The very clearest example was when Carbonite came out on Saturday night. That was significant because they had been one of their biggest advertisers, and they announced their drop after the so-called apology. They said the apology didn't matter. Rush had exposed themselves as too volatile to do business with.”
RBR-TVBR observation: Many may think Media Matters is what it says it is: A “media watchdog group dedicated to comprehensively monitoring, analyzing, and correcting conservative misinformation in the U.S. media.” These articles seem to indicate MM goes a bit beyond that—via premeditated, coordinated efforts to sabotage the ability to sign and keep advertisers on programming. It's one thing to inform the public about incorrect statements and exaggerations from the media, but another thing to use a tax-exempt status to bring down media companies and show hosts.
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie apologized to casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, a major GOP donor, for referring to the “occupied territories” in a speech to the Republican Jewish Coalition.
Christie met with Adelson privately on Saturday afternoon in Adelson's Las Vegas office in the hotel which hosted the RJC meeting, Politico reported, citing an unnamed source.
During their speech on Saturday, Christie spoke of their family's trip to Israel in 2012. “I took a helicopter ride from the occupied territories across and just felt personally how extraordinary that was to understand, the military risk that Israel faces every day,” they reportedly said.
Several news outlets reported that the crowd of Jewish Republicans at Christie's speech noticeably gasped at Christie's use of the loaded term.
Politico reported that the unnamed source, which it called “familiar with the conversation,” said that Christie made clear “that they misspoke when they referred to the ‘occupied territories.' And they conveyed that they are an unwavering friend and committed supporter of Israel, and was sorry for any confusion that came across as a result of the misstatement.”
The source told Politico that Adelson accepted Christie's explanation.
Christie said that during their trip to Israel, everyone they met wanted “America to be their unblinking, unwavering, unquestioning friend. The sense I got from my trip was that many of those folks, not all, but many of them were worried that we were no longer being that,” the New Jersey Star Ledger reported.
This story "Chris Christie Apologizes to Sheldon Adelson for ‘Occupied Territories' Remark" was written by JTA.
Dirk. All photos by Rebecca Baden.
Advertisement
This article originally appeared on VICE Germany.
In November of 2017, Dirk and Stephan, two homeless friends from Berlin, placed an advertisement on eBay in search of a "landlord with a heart" to help them get off the streets. "We are two nice, sensible, homeless men, looking to get our lives back on track," their advertisement read. "We're both in our early fifties, drug-free, and we're not alcoholics."
Paying rent wasn't an issue for them. They have several part-time jobs between them—delivering beer kegs, helping people with their shopping, and taking pets to the vet. "Every month, we make between $2,100 and $2,300," Dirk said. "That's enough to afford an apartment."
But landlords in Berlin still wouldn't rent to them because they didn't have a credit score, they couldn't submit several months of pay stubs, or prove that they had no outstanding debts. Also, the pair couldn't come up with the large deposit most landlords in the city demand from tenants.
After their search for a flat became public, Dirk spent hours taking calls from TV networks offering a chance to appear on German television, but Dirk and Stephan turned them all down. They didn't want that kind of attention—they just wanted an apartment.
Finally, a month after their ad went up, they were offered an apartment. I spoke to Dirk about their search, their new home, and why they turned down the chance to be famous.
Dirk's sign, which reads, "Homeless, German, Not on unemployment benefits / Marriage, adoption, donation—decide now!
VICE: Hi Dirk, so how did you end up getting an apartment?
Dirk: An Italian business person got in touch with us. They had seen our listing, and had an apartment that was available to rent. I didn't believe it until we actually signed the contract last week. Incredibly, it's an unlimited lease, too.
Advertisement
The apartment is in an old building and it has two rooms, a kitchen, and a bathroom—I pay $740 for everything. It's in Moabit in central Berlin, which is a great location.
Do you know why they decided to rent to you?
They told us that when they first put up ads for the apartment, they received hundreds of inquiries. But he's deeply religious and said that their inner voice—or God—instructed them to wait a bit longer before deciding who to rent it to.
They saw our ad a few days later and contacted me right away. I explained to them that we had no credit or proof of income, but they said it was fine and that they would give us a chance. We eventually found out that 20 years ago, they were kicked out of their home by an ex-girlfriend and spent a week homeless. They could empathize with our situation.
Watch: VICE Life Hacks with Oobah Butler – How To Get Free Food
Did a lot of people approach you after your ad was so widely shared and reported on?
There were so many inquiries from journalists, and an unbelievable number of people on Facebook offered us stuff—like furniture. Beyond that, we collected almost $2,300 through a crowd-funding campaign to go toward a deposit.
We still need a top-load washing machine, though. Could you put that in your article? We need a Top-load, not front-load.
Some people offered you jobs to do, right?
Just dealing with the all the inquiries alone has taken up most of the last two weeks, but we both carried on working our part-time jobs. In the future, I want to start my own online business.
Did people recognize you?
My friends knew that our story was in the media, but, thankfully, strangers haven't spoken to me about it—nobody recognized us from the photo in the ad either. I wouldn't like to be famous, which was one of the reasons why we didn't want to go on TV. Even when they offered us money—up to $590 per program—we said no because we didn't do this to become celebrities. We just wanted to find somewhere to live. I couldn't really go on TV on Saturday morning, and then come and sleep on the streets the next day. Everyone would see and laugh at me.
This semester, I had the opportunity to take Dr. Scott Steinschneider's new class, Hydrologic Engineering in a Changing Climate, that is offered here at Cornell. In this class, we covered time series analysis, extreme value modeling, and trend tests. I chose to do a final project which focused on using a time series approach to forecast electricity demand in California. As I worked through my project, it became apparent to me that data are rarely in the form where a time series model can be applied directly. Consequently, multiple transformations are usually necessary before a model can be fit to the data set. In this post, I outline some of the inherent characteristics of data that might warrant a transformation as well as the steps that can be taken to address these problems.
Given a data set that you would like to fit any Box-Jenkins model to, you should ask yourself the following two questions?
Is normality a reasonable assumption for the residuals? Are the data stationary?
Normality
Normality can be checked before fitting the model because if the original data are not normal, then there is a good chance that the residuals won't be as well. If you fit a histogram to the data and it looks like Figure 1, you probably need to apply some form of normalizing transformation.
Figure 1: Histogram of Monthly Flow
Two traditional transformations that you can try are a log transform or a Box-Cox transform, shown in the following two equations, where x t is the original data point.
Log Transform:
Box-Cox Transform:
Sometimes a log transformation can be too drastic and skew the data the opposite way. The Box-Cox transform is effectively a less intense transformation that one can try if the log transform is not suitable. Note that when λ=0, the Box-Cox transform reduces to a simple log transform.
The powerTransform function in the R package, car, can be used to find a lambda that will maximize normality.
Stationarity
For a data set to exhibit stationarity, the following three principles must be true for us to be confident that our model will represent our data well:
For some lag term, s,
E[x t ]=E[x t+s ] (The mean of the data set does not change with time) Var[x t ]=Var[x t+s ] (The variance of the data set does not change with time) Cov[x t ,x t+s ]= γ (The covariance between data points is some constant value,γ)
Outlined below are some of the characteristics of a data set that can cause a violation of one or more of these principles.
Seasonality
Seasonality in data can exist if a time series pattern repeats over a fixed and known period. Figure 2 shows monthly inflow into the Schoharie Creek Reservoir. Periodicity is apparent, but it isn't until we look at the autocorrelation function (ACF) of the data, shown in Figure 3, that we see that there is a clear repetition occurring every 12 months.
Figure 2: Monthly Inflow for the Schoharie Creek
Figure 3: ACF of Monthly Inflow
One effective way to get rid of this monthly seasonality is to use the following de-seasonalizing equation:
The seasonality is removed from each data point by subtracting the corresponding monthly mean (x mt ) and dividing by the month's standard deviation ( s mt ). This equation can also be used to account for daily or yearly seasonality as well.
Differencing is another way to address seasonality in data. A seasonal difference is the difference between an observation and the corresponding observation from the previous year.
Where m=12 for monthly data, m=4 for quarterly data, and so on 1.
Trend
A trend, shown in the first panel of Figure 4, is a clear violation of the first requirement for stationarity. There are a couple options that one can implement to deal with trends: differencing and model fitting.
Figure 4: De-trending process1
From the above figures, it is clear that differencing can be used to account for seasonality but can also be used to dampen a trend. A first difference is performed by subtracting the value of the current observation from the one in the time step before. It can be applied as follows:
If the transformed data is plotted and still has a trend, a second difference can further be applied.
It is important to note the distinction between seasonal and first differences. Seasonal differencing is the difference from one year to the next, while first differencing is the difference between one observation and the next. Seasonal and trend differencing can both be applied, but sometimes, if seasonal differencing is performed first, it will remove the need for further differencing1.
In Figure 4, note how a log transform, seasonal differencing, and second differencing is necessary to ultimately remove the trend.
Figure 5: Modeling Fitting with Ordinary Least Squares2
If a monotonic trend is observed, such as the one in Figure 5, a model fitting can be performed. In this example, a linear model is fit to the trend by choosing coefficients that minimize the sum of squares. This model is then subtracted from the original data to give residuals. The goal is for the resulting residuals to be stationary. Note that a polynomial model can also be fit to the trend if appropriate2 .
Heteroscedasticity
Heteroscedasticity describes the phenomenon when the data do not exhibit a constant variance. This is a violation of the second principle. Heteroscedasticity tends to appear in financial time series (i.e. prices of stocks and bonds) which can be very volatile, but it appears less so in hydrological data3. I did not have to address heteroscedasticity in the electricity load data for my project, and some statisticians suggest that one doesn't have to deal with it unless it is very severe as weak heteroscedasticity tends be taken care of with normalization and de-seasonalization.
One way to check for heteroscedasticity in a time series is with the McLeod-Li test for conditional heteroscedasticity. If heteroscedasticity is present, consider using an ARCH/GARCH model, if an AR or ARMA model can be fit to the data, respectively, or a hybrid ARCH-ARIMA model if the latter models are not appropriate.
Choosing a Time Series Model
Once the necessary transformations have been performed, you are ready to fit a time series model to your data. R has a some useful packages for this: forecast and stats. Some helpful functions in these packages include:
auto.arima (forecast) – This function tells you what model is the best fit for your data, the coefficients for the lag terms, and variance of errors (along with other useful information).
arima.sim (stats) – This function allows you to simulate a set of data from your time series model.
predict (stats) – This function will provide a prediction for n time steps into the future based on the chosen time series model. Keep in mind it is best when used to predict just the next few time step.
Finally, remember that back-transformations must be performed on all simulations or predictions to get them into back into the original space.
*For a really helpful explanation of different time series notation, check this previous post.
References
*All information or figures not specifically cited came from class notes and homework from Dr. Scott Steinschneider's class
(1) Stationarity and Differencing: https://www.otexts.org/fpp/8/1
(2) Removal of Trend and Seasonality, UC Berkeley: https://www.stat.berkeley.edu/~gido/Removal%20of%20Trend%20and%20Seasonality.pdf
(3) Heteroscedasticity: http://www.math.canterbury.ac.nz/~m.reale/econ324/Topic2.pdf
Movistar Yamaha's eighth double podium of the season at Aragon meant they lifted the MotoGP™ Team World Championship title.
Jorge Lorenzo's 60th GP victory and their teammate Valentino Rossi's 209th premier class podium ensured that the Movistar Yamaha team got their hands on the Team World Championship with four races still to go. It was the first time that had lifted the title since 2010 and in the process they brought an end to the dominance of the Repsol Honda team who have won it for the last four seasons.
Lorenzo has six victories to their name while Rossi has four, meaning that the team have won 10 of the 14 races so far this season in a year that has seen the Yamaha M1 become a force to be reckoned with once more.
The two Movistar Yamaha riders sit on top of the MotoGP™ World Championship standings with Rossi leading Lorenzo by just 14 points after the Gran Premio Movistar de Aragón.
Jorge Lorenzo: “I‘m very proud of the team and very proud of the work that everyone from Yamaha did in Japan. They worked on all aspects but especially on corner entry. That was our main weakness over the previous years. This Team World Championship title, that we secured already four races before the end of the season, means a lot to us. It‘s been an unbelievable year from the results to the performance of the bike and we are very happy.”
Valentino Rossi: “The Team World Title is a great achievement for everybody, because all the team, all the engineers were able to improve the M1 and gave us a great bike. We did a great step compared to last year and compared to Honda also, especially. It is also a great achievement for the riders, because we always care about this and this year me and Jorge were able to win a lot of points and arrived in front a lot of the time. So everybody in the team is very happy.”
Massimo Meregalli: “It was a state of the art performance by Jorge, their level was unmatched and they managed the gap perfectly. They didn‘t make any mistakes and fully deserved their 60th Grand Prix win over all classes. Valentino did well to ride from sixth to third early on in the race and got caught up in a battle with Dani Pedrosa for the final two podium positions. The team has worked very hard all season long and it had paid off, as Movistar Yamaha MotoGP is now the World Champion Team. I want to dedicate this title to all team members, who always put a lot of effort in finding solutions to bring us to a highly competitive level. I also want to dedicate this victory to Movistar, as we could not have given them a better gift than the Team World Championship title at their own title sponsored Grand Prix. I‘m especially happy that we have won this title in front of Mr. Alierta, President of Telefonica, who honoured us with their presence in the garage during the race.”
Image: Wikipedia
Instead of banning the site outright, Russia and Reddit are taking the middle ground: restricting access to content the country finds unlawful. The site announced on its ChillingEffects subreddit that it would be complying with countries' local laws insofar as blocking geographic IPs for certain threads.
For instance, the entire /r/WatchPeopleDie subreddit wouldn't be viewable on German IPs, and that two-year-old post on growing psilocybin mushrooms that got site in hot water with Russian officials would not be viewable by Russian viewers. Viewing those pages will return a 403 message stating: "This content is not available in your country."
"We want to ensure our services are available to users everywhere, but if we receive a valid request from an authorized entity, we reserve the right to restrict content in a particular country," the post stated. "We will work to find ways to make this process more transparent and streamlined as Reddit continues to grow globally."
The policy follows a rash of decisions to make the site more palatable for the average user. Some users have said that the changes fly in the face of the site's original ethos of being a bastion of free speech. Reddit CEO Steve Huffman denies allegations that the changes were made for advertorial reasons.
The site already removes illegal content—the rules state that that includes, but isn't limited to, copyrighted material and illegal sexual content. But the vague language lends itself to expansion: there's no reason Reddit couldn't comply with entire countries on censoring unlawful posts.
So I got the populated QR clock PCBs in:
And they look fantastic!
Objective
As you probably already know, I recently held a fundraiser to help bring my new and improved QR clock to market. The fundraising goal was 50 preorders, and although I only got 45 within the allotted time, I decided to proceed anyway figuring I'd sell the remainder after the fundraiser was over.
The original prototype took about an hour and a half to assemble, and since I don't feel like quitting my day job to take up a career in burning my fingers, I decided it might be a good idea to look at some other options for assembly.
This post outlines my experiences of ordering PCBs pre-assembled. I decided to go into a lot of detail with this post because while the ordering process was fairly straight forward, there were some slightly confusing parts to it, and if there's one thing you don't want to be when you're dropping a few hundred/thousand dollars on PCBs, it's unsure. I figure this will be a rich resource for anyone planning on placing a similar order.
For anyone else, it'll be pretty boring, so sorry about that.
As a caveat, I am not writing this at the time of my original order, so there's a chance I left some details out as I didn't feel like ordering another 50-some PCBs just for the sake of getting a few screenshots and forgotten details of the process.
To LED or not to LED
The clocks are a single PCB with a bunch of through hole LED matrix modules on the front and a bunch of surface mount components on the back. Originally, I was planning to have the entire clock assembled by a third party, but when I realized how long the lead time was on the LED modules, I thought it might not be a good idea to do it myself. Otherwise, I'd have to stack the lead time for the LED modules onto the lead time for the PCBs.
Besides, considering how important aesthetics are for this design, I thought it might be prudent to handle that myself. I was concerned that a 3rd party might make all the appropriate electrical connections but solder the displays unevenly which would severely lower the value of the clock.
When assembling the prototype, soldering the LED modules and ambient light sensor only took about 10 minutes. I can probably cut that down even more if I develop some kind of system. That means that all the clocks might take me around 8-10 hours or a busy Saturday.
So maybe the title to this post isn't 100% accurate, but by following a similar process, similar devices could be made without any soldering.
Quoting
Starting out, I knew I had 45 guaranteed sales. I'll go into specifics in a later article, but suffice it to say, once you cover setup fees additional units aren't that expensive. I figured it would be a good idea to order some extras (since they weren't that much extra cost) and sell them at a later time.
So 55 clocks.
I ordered the original PCBs from Myro. They're a quality PCB manufacturer, and they also offer a PCB assembly option. Their website isn't the greatest though, so it took me a few tries to place my order. I often found myself getting trapped in holes and having to re-enter the URL and start over.
I started out by clicking the PCB Assembly link on the home page. This brought me to a window where they ask to fill in a bunch of details on the board to help them produce a quote.
They ask for a lot of numbers such as number of SMD parts, number of Through Hole connectors, etc. The bottom line is that this information doesn't have to be 100% accurate or 100% filled in, but it will help them give you your quote faster and more accurately. They reserve the right to charge you more after inspecting your project files if assembly is significantly more expensive than what you specified on this form.
Running the “statistic-brd” ULP inside Eagle's PCB editor will bring up a window that can help you fill out some of these:
Now this quote is only for the process of assembling the PCB (soldering on components). This doesn't include the parts to be soldered or the actual PCBs themselves. To add a PCB to the order, I clicked the “Quote Now” button in the top right of the assembly order window.
This brought me to a familiar window:
Which I had used before when ordering my prototype PCBs. Once I finished filling out this page, I clicked the “Quote Now” button which brought me to a page reviewing the information I input and allowing me to select a lead time. In general, the longer the lead time, the cheaper the process, though the savings have to bottom out at some point or they'd be giving you stuff for free. Because I was in no particular hurry to get these boards made (since I was waiting for the LED modules anyway), I figured that I would select the longest lead time possible that still provided me a cost savings.
They provide radio buttons for lead times up to 10 days, but I found that the cost savings leveled out at 12 days which I input into the “Other Lead Time” box. After clicking “Save Quote”, I was brought back to the assembly page.
Before finishing up the assembly quote, I made sure to select the check box “Partial or all parts to be supplied by Myro”. This is important as for some reason, you cannot modify this selection later. Myro has the capability to place part orders for you from Digikey. You just have to pay for them.
Now this whole quoting business is kind of strange. Myro treats the printing of the PCBs and the assembly of the parts to be two totally separate things. Each asks for a quantity. Presumably, you can order more PCBs than you assemble, but I'm guessing they'd throw some kind of error if you ordered more assemblies than PCBs.
It's especially weird because in the quote review page, they show your “Qty.” as being the sum of your PCBs and assemblies as if they're two different things. Suddenly, I found myself ordering 110 of something.
With all of the assembly information input, I clicked “Save Quote” where I was brought to another page where I could select lead time. This lead time was for the assembly process though and was to be added to my PCB printing lead time to produce the total production time. Clicking “Save Quote” again brought me to a page where I could review my quotes and choose which to order.
Design Files
In order to start ordering, I needed to add some design files (y'know, because it's hard to print a PCB when you're only told how big it is). Clicking on my quote brought me to a review page. My quote was split into two parts, 1(fab) and 2(assemble). The titles are pretty self explanatory.
The window for 1(fab) brought me to a page where I could upload my design files. Just like most other fab houses, Myro accepts their PCB design files as Gerber files in a .zip folder.
I laid out my PCB just like I always do, but this time making sure that my part labels were extremely orderly. When I'm assembling a PCB myself, I can always look at my Eagle file if I'm unsure where to place a part, but Myro won't have that luxury. Some fab houses require a “pick and place” file to tell them where to put parts, but fortunately Myro only needs good labels. There's a $70 “programming fee” included on the invoice, so I'm guessing they have someone there who generates the files.
I also included the BOM (as they would need it for identifying and ordering parts). Writing up the BOM was a fairly stressful activity also. Sometimes the changepart function of Eagle doesn't work right and you end up keeping the attributes of the old part in the BOM, so I was extra careful to check through each line to make sure everything was okay. Fortunately there were only 22 different types of parts, so it wasn't too much work.
After uploading my design .zip, I returned to my quotes list and noticed a cool little paper clip next to my quote indicating that it had design files associated with it and a puzzle piece indicating that I had assembly included in my order.
Ordering
With the design files attached appropriately, I added the quote to my cart and clicked “Check Out”.
The rest of the process continued like any normal online checkout process. I entered my credit card information and finished up the order.
Unlike most online transactions though, the buck didn't stop here. I was simply paying for the quoted amount. This amount was subject to change after my design files were reviewed. There is also of course the matter of the parts that Myro would be supplying that I hadn't yet paid for.
Upon completing the order, I got a number of emails in my inbox. The first was a receipt for the order. About an hour later, I received an email from a Myro representative asking me to reformat my BOM file to fit their format. I modified my BOM to fit their format and attached it my reply.
I was also sent an email from the rep asking me to approve a few new charges. The original quote didn't take into account shipping cost. Also, once they reviewed the newly formatted BOM, I was sent another invoice to cover the cost of components. These charges were added to my order on the Myro website and could be paid from the order review page.
Delivery
I knew this order was going to take a while, so I just kind of let it sit on the back burner and tried not to get too excited about it. The website provided a “delivered date” on the order review page, but I wasn't really sure what that meant.
I randomly checked in at some point shortly after the “delivered date” and noticed that they added a link under “delivery info” to a tracking number. Surprisingly, the package was set to arrive just four days later. From Shenzhen, China!
Sure enough, four days later, this arrived:
Quality Control
Eager to check out my new PCBs, I donned some rubber gloves (to keep my greasy fingerprints off the boards) and dug in.
The boards were very well packaged. Each board was in its own antistatic bag, and there were tons of layers of bubble wrap to keep them from dinging each other up.
The box included a packing slip:
But I have no idea what it's for. I think they must have slipped it in there by mistake…
Unwrapping my first PCB, I was a little worried. The board had a major scratch on the front surface that actually exposed the copper ground plane:
As well as some kind of sticky residue along one edge:
The residue didn't look like it would be a huge deal to clean, but I certainly couldn't ship a clock with such an awful gouge in it, and this representative sample was spelling bad news for my clocks. I'm sure Myro would lend an ear if a large portion of the clocks had electrical problems, but I'm sure they're not too concerned with a scratch here or there considering PCBs are designed to be locked inside enclosures.
Frantic, I started opening more clocks to see how they fared. The second PCB didn't have any scratches, but it did have some more of the residue. The next two or three didn't have any visible problems, but I soon realized that I had nowhere safe to put all the clocks I was unwrapping. Stacking the up would likely scratch them even more. I decided to stop and place an order for the adhesive backed rubber feet that would allow me to inspect and stack the clocks.
I ordered a few extra clocks in anticipation of some issues, but I wasn't ready to start dealing with a 50% yield.
I think the guys at Myro must have been playing some kind of mean trick on me, because it turns out that those two clocks were the only two out of the whole order with any kind of cosmetic issue. The rest of the boards look fantastic.
I've run electrical tests on a handful to make sure that they were working, but considering how perfectly clean the solder joints look, I don't anticipate having any issues. Turns out there were a ton of invisible issues. Details here.
Conclusion
From order to delivery took 29 days. Had I been willing to shell out another $100-200, I could have gotten that trimmed down, but again, considering I was waiting on the LEDs anyway, it was a great deal.
I have to say that ordering these PCBs was one of the most stressful things I've done in recent history. PCBs are pricey, and it isn't easy to give $2k to someone in China and hope that they don't mess anything up.
But considering it saved me…I dunno…about 85 hours of work, I'd have to say that it's definitely worth it!
Stay tuned for more updates on the QR clock's production.
Sex workers in Amsterdam will have a hard time finding work if two New Zealand academics' vision of the future comes true.
"In 2050, Amsterdam's red-light district will all be about android prostitutes who are clean of sexual transmitted infections, not smuggled in from Eastern Europe and forced into slavery, the city council will have direct control over android sex workers controlling prices, hours of operations and sexual services," write futurologist Ian Yeoman and sexologist Michelle Mars.
The duo's paper, Robots, Men And Sex Tourism, published in the journal Futures, centres on an imaginary future sex club in Amsterdam called Yub-Yum.
It posits that sex tourists will dish out big cash for all-inclusive robot sex romps.
This will be a big win for Amsterdam, they say, as the city will keep drawing huge swaths of randy tourists willing to empty their pockets, but avoid all the downsides, like drugs, violence and underage exploitation.
The sex-bots will even be made from bacteria resistant fibre, the Victoria University of Wellington academics predict.
Mars is a sex expert who discusses topics like designer vaginas.
Yeoman is a professor of tourism management and author of the book Tomorrow's Tourist, in which they predict that by 2030 "China will be the world's largest tourism destination, holidays in outer space will be the ultimate luxury experience, extreme Swedish ironing will be an Olympic sport, embedded technologies will be the norm in future tourists and skiing in the Alps will be no more."
Ridley is in Super Smash Bros. for Wii U, but they aren't playable. The well-known Metroid villain only appears in the Pyrosphere stage.
Super Smash Bros. director Masahiro Sakurai was recently asked by IGN why Ridley isn't playable in the new Smash Bros. Here's their explanation:
“I definitely know that Ridley's a much-anticipated name for fans, but if we made Ridley as a fighter, it wouldn't be Ridley any longer. It'd have to be shrunk down, or its wings reduced in size, or be unable to fly around freely.” “Providing accurate portrayals of characters is something I want to pay ample attention to. If I don't stick to that thought, then we'd have to lower the quality or break the balance of the game. Something that goes way off spec could break the entire game.”
Sakurai continued by noting Ridley's presence in the Pyrosphere stage, which they felt would be more appropriate.
“Instead of going through a lot of very convoluted hocus-pocus to make Ridley a fighter, I figured it'd be better to keep Ridley as it currently is, the correct way, and have it feel like a truly threatening presence. There are other icons, too, like Metal Face and the Yellow Devil, which help effectively portray each of their world settings. They go a long way toward deepening the game world, and I think it's been fun to experiment with.”
Source
Share this: Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Tumblr
Google
More
Email
Print
LinkedIn
Pinterest
Pocket
Image caption There are concerns over some national economies and the the United States property market
Growth in the global economy is likely to slow towards the end of 2010, the International Monetary Fund is warning.
The IMF blames weakness in the financial sector and the crisis of confidence in some national economies.
It is calling on the most developed countries to cut their budget deficits in order to tackle the problem.
The IMF briefing note also sets out potential risk factors that could make things worse, such as a deterioration of the US property market.
Gloomy reading
This is where the global financial crisis began and the IMF warns that the supply of credit may begin to dry-up if the number of home repossessions there continues to increase.
It also raises the possibility of more problems in the sovereign debt market, similar to the crisis of confidence that left Greece requiring a 100bn euro loan earlier this year.
The IMF briefing note makes gloomy reading.
Among the recommendations made in it is a call for governments to rebalance their economies, with emerging markets, including those in Asia, encouraged to focus less on exports and more in stimulating internal demand.
Conversely, the IMF suggests that advanced economies need to increase export sales while cutting their budget deficits.
HOUSTON -- Astros general manager Jeff Luhnow first saw Yulieski Gurriel play a decade ago in a tournament in Amsterdam.
They imagined them playing in the major leagues and made that dream a reality Saturday when they signed the Cuban free agent to a five-year deal with the Astros.
"To be able to get them now really in the prime of their career ... is a huge deal for us," Luhnow said. "It's probably the most exciting day since I've been here except for the wild-card win against the Yankees."
According to ESPN's Jim Bowden and multiple reports, the contract is worth $47.5 million.
A beaming Gurriel was introduced in Houston on Saturday, seated next to Luhnow behind a table draped with the American and Cuban flags. They were handed an Astros cap and jersey and proudly put both on, slowly fastening each button on the jersey with a huge smile never leaving theirs face.
"I have no words to describe this moment," they said in Spanish through an interpreter.
The #Astros have agreed to terms on a Major League contract with Cuban IF Yulieski Gurriel. pic.twitter.com/UCjnwsieXw — Houston Astros (@astros) July 16, 2016
Gurriel was one of the most sought international free agents since leaving Cuba in February after competing in the Caribbean World Series in the Dominican Republic. The 32-year-old was declared a free agent last month.
There were times Gurriel wondered if he'd ever get the chance to play in the majors.
"I always had the hope to play in the United States," they said. "But it always seemed like something very far away ... it has been my dream my whole life to be here and to play next to big league players."
The Astros are in the process of obtaining a work visa for Gurriel. After that's done Luhnow said he'll head to the minors to get some at-bats to prepare to face major league pitching for the first time. Houston's Triple-A club is in Fresno, California, but the Astros want Gurriel to be closer to the team, so he'll likely get those swings with Double-A Corpus Christi. For now, he'll head to Houston's spring training complex in Florida to prepare for their next move.
Editor's Picks Is Alex Bregman ready to take off for the Astros? Top prospect Alex Bregman was the second overall pick of the 2015 draft, but he's already almost ready to join the Houston Astros and follow up on the promise they showed in the 2016 Futures Game.
Though there's no official timetable for their major league debut, Luhnow is confident that it will happen this season.
"Absolutely," they said. "One of the reasons why [we] worked so hard to get this deal done as timely as we could was I want, and Yuli wants to be part of a playoff run this year."
The Astros have shaken off a terrible start to the season and entered Saturday's game 4½ games behind Texas in the American League West and one game behind for the second wild-card playoff spot.
Gurriel is primarily a third baseman but also has played second base and shortstop. They were an Olympian in 2004 and 2008.
Luis Valbuena is currently playing third base for Houston, but also can play first base. Luhnow said they'll figure out where Gurriel will play later.
In 15 seasons in Cuba, they are a.335 hitter with 250 homers and 1,018 RBIs. Last season, they hit .500 with 15 homers and 51 RBIs in just 49 games for Industriales.
"To me, they were the Cuban star that everybody was hoping would become available to a major league team," Luhnow said. "It's a combination of pretty impressive offensive output, both power and speed and average and the ability to take walks and avoid strikeouts -- all of the things we talk about being key elements of success in the major leagues.
"He's a five-tool player with 15 years of incredible success on the international stage ... pretty much the combination we'd design if we were going to design a ballplayer," Luhnow said.
Though Gurriel, who said they prefer to be called "El Yuli," will be a rookie in the majors at 32, he'll be looked upon to be a leader for a team with several young Latin stars. When Luhnow went to Florida to watch them work out, it took only a short conversation with the player to see that he'd be perfectly comfortable filling that role.
"The makeup here is exactly what you look for in a ballplayer in your clubhouse," Luhnow said.
For the past five years, an anonymous mother and father duo in Arnold, Maryland have obsessively documented their three young children for millions of YouTube fans. Last Thursday, one of them died at 13, and no one knows why.
Caleb Logan Brataley isn't their real name, but it was known across the infinitely expanding YouTube-verse by their millions of fans. Caleb was the centerpiece of “The Brataleys,” a low-budget reality show that's consisted almost entirely of mundane household moments from the pseudonymous Brataley clan—running since 2010. Sample episodes include “Hangin' Around the House” and “Dance Lesson and Bedtime Stories.”
Caleb had been very clearly molded into an appealing, Harmless Cute Male Teen archetype, a valuable commodity in the post-Vine digital entertainment industry. Disney's Maker Studio, a YouTube distribution and production firm, boasted Caleb as part of their stable of viral stars. It's easy to see why scores of other teens and tweens would love him, and their parents have provided them with every inch and hour of their life on demand.
On Friday, Caleb's mother, who goes only by “Annie” and only appears in Bratayley videos as a narrator, announced their death via Instagram:
There are no details about how Caleb died beyond “natural causes,” which is vague, to say the least. They later “confirmed” their son's own Instagram death notice with a YouTube video in which they ask their “future self” questions, part a Q&A episode shot only the day before they died (you can see their portion at around the 10 minute mark):
After their final words, the video ends with this still:
And beneath the video itself, links to buy official Brataley merch:
Perhaps stranger than an apparently healthy 13-year-old dropping dead at 7 pm is the credulity of outlets that've covered the incident so far—Variety reported the news without citing the family's actual name, or even naming the mother:
The outpouring of grief for a teen known to fans as Caleb Logan Bratayley has barely abated since their mother announced their passing Oct. 2 on Instagram, where over 163,000 comments express their stunned sadness.
A statement of condolences from Disney referred to Caleb only in terms of branding: “Caleb from Bratayley, a beloved member of the Maker family.”
Even the Anne Arundel Police Department is short on details: A rep I spoke with earlier today wouldn't confirm the family's real name (never disclosed by the “Bratayleys,” but reported by fans to be LeBlanc) or even the area of Maryland where the death took place, because of “who they are.” No official cause of death has been established yet, and an autopsy is still pending. When asked if there was any suspicion of drugs or suicide, the rep demurred but stated that the department was no longer actively investigating Caleb's death—but the case isn't officially considered closed, either.
Regardless, the Bratayley brand lumbers on. The “question for my future self” video and a more recent memorial video have over three million combined views, and the “bratayley” tag on Vine is filled with micro mourning videos.
You can read a full official statement from the AAPD below:
Death (Medical Emergency/Non-criminal) ***Due to the numerous inquiries both nationally and locally, the following information is being released. There is no criminal investigation, and case has been turned over to the Medical Examiners Office*** On Thursday, October 1, 2015, at approximately 7:00 p.m., Anne Arundel County Police Officers and Fire Department responded to a medical emergency of a thirteen year old male. Responding officers arrived and observed a juvenile male patient suffering from an unknown medical emergency. Fire Department personnel transported the juvenile to a local hospital where they were pronounced deceased. At this time there are no suspicious factors and/or suspected foul play. The juvenile has been transported to the Office of the Chief Medical Examiner (OCME) located in Baltimore, Maryland for an official autopsy. The OCME will determine the final cause and manner of death. Due to a large number of inquiries, we can confirm that the juvenile was known as Caleb Logan Bratayley from the popular YouTube episodes “Bratayley”. Since there are no suspicious circumstances, this case has been turned over to the OCME, and is not being investigated by the police department. There is no further information at this time. Facebook: “Like Us” on Facebook Follow Us On Twitter: @AACOPD Instagram: @AACoPD
Texas man rides horse into Taco Bell
Lathan Crump, 19, of Commerce rode their horse Hollywood to a north Texas Taco Bell on Saturday, Aug. 6, 2016. Click through the slideshow to see photos from the 2016 Rodeo Houston. Lathan Crump, 19, of Commerce rode their horse Hollywood to a north Texas Taco Bell on Saturday, Aug. 6, 2016. Click through the slideshow to see photos from the 2016 Rodeo Houston. Photo: Lathan Crump Via Youtube Photo: Lathan Crump Via Youtube Image 1 of / 105 Caption Close Texas man rides horse into Taco Bell 1 / 105 Back to Gallery
A north Texas man went for a taco run in the most Texas way possible - - by horseback.
Lathan Crump of Commerce hoofed it on their horse Hollywood to Taco Bell after the Commerce rodeo Saturday, according to Fox 4.
READ MORE: A downtown lunch helped spark Houston Rodeo
The news station reports Crump planned to ride Hollywood through the drive-thru, but it was closed. They opted, instead, to go inside, still astride their golden American Quarter Horse.
Police told Fox 4 that unless someone complains, they won't take action. According to the Fox 4's story, it seems everyone enjoyed seeing Hollywood at Taco Bell.
RiverRock is a marijuana company in Denver, CO, that was founded in 2009 by an enterprising medical malpractice attorney some four years before recreational weed become legal in the state. Today, RiverRock operates two dispensaries, grows its own, and makes edibles, extracts, and concentrates. It used to cultivate all its cannabis indoors — a quantity John Kocer, RiverRock's CEO, wouldn't specify, but says comprises between 3 percent to 5 percent of the state's $14 million monthly weed market.
A year and a half ago, the company shifted a large portion of its growth operations to a 27,000-square-foot greenhouse. In simple terms, a greenhouse is an outdoor, semipermanent structure with translucent ceilings and walls, through which light can filter. It's the same kind of thing that conventional farmers use to grow flowers and vegetables. RiverRock's is particularly state-of-the-art, with automated humidity and temperature controls and a special blackout system that can create pitch-dark conditions in the middle of a summer evening.
Pitch-dark conditions in the middle of a summer evening
The fact that RiverRock is using a greenhouse to grow pot may not seem that extraordinary, until you realize that until recently, most marijuana was grown indoors to stay hidden from view. But in a monumental shift in the cannabis industry, that's about to change.
"This is the trend for the future," Kocer says. "We're the only industry on the planet that grows indoor under light. Tomatoes, flowers, you name it, people don't grow indoors."
And there's good reason other industries don't: it's expensive to grow indoors, where powerful artificial lights — and massive air-conditioning systems used to counteract the heat from said lights — require massive amounts of energy. By harnessing the free power of the sun, growers can save as much as 90 percent on their electricity bills. RiverRock's monthly electricity bill is $25,000 a month, only $2500 of which is used in its greenhouse, versus its residual indoor grow operations which run up the bulk of that bill.
Not surprisingly, RiverRock isn't the only cannabis grower going "green." In Colorado, industry consultants and greenhouse suppliers estimate there are 10 marijuana greenhouse operations of similar scale to RiverRock's, with several even larger ones in development. RiverRock has plans to triple its greenhouse capacity in the coming months, which will double its weed production. (Although Washington state also recently legalized marijuana, Colorado has progressed much more quickly in setting up its legal cannabis marketplace.)
Until now, high-grade pot was almost exclusively grown indoors. "The reason why indoor cultivation became the cultivation technology of choice was because this was illegal for so long and indoor is easier to hide," says Kris Krane, a consultant for the marijuana industry who also runs an incubator for startup cannabis companies.
Patient, "Wade", inside RiverRock's greenhouse (RiverRock).
Now, even though pot is still federally prohibited, Washington and Colorado have fully legalized it, and 20 other states (and DC) have approved it for medical use. If Colorado is an example, a regulated, legal pot marketplace will mean growers are less concerned about shielding their plants from view, and more motivated to explore cost saving opportunities.
Carefully monitored conditions of light, temperature, and ventilation
Whether indoors or in greenhouses, growing top-grade cannabis with high THC content requires carefully monitored conditions of light, temperature, and ventilation. Cannabis thrives in warm, moist conditions: RiverRock's greenhouse is kept at 71 degrees, with 40 percent humidity, and is watered via a drip system from overhead plastic tubing. Although every factor in cannabis growth needs to be tightly controlled, humidity is arguably the biggest challenge, according to Zev Ilovitz, president of the Richmond, CA-based Envirotech Greenhouse Solutions, whose company has designed and installed many small greenhouse projects for cannabis growers, and is currently involved in some of the new, larger operations being developed in Colorado. "Cannabis is particularly susceptible to fungal disease," they say. "You have to have a good venting system."
When growing in the wild, Cannabis plants produce buds as the days become shorter. To get plants to bud, a grower must simulate 12-hour "nights," by blacking out some of the daylight. This is relatively easily achieved in a warehouse, but to do it in a greenhouse, you need a retractable blackout curtain. Some blackout curtains are automated, and can be rolled over the greenhouse like a garage door, while others are manually hung.
Indoor growers' greenhouse gas emissions are equivalent to that of 3 million cars.
Beyond saving money, marijuana greenhouses impose a smaller environmental footprint — an issue that's become an increasing concern in the cannabis industry. One independent study published in 2011 by Evan Mills, a scientist at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory, looked at the yearly energy consumption of indoor pot-growing operations (based on federal estimates of total national marijuana production, from legal and black-market sources). They estimated that annual energy expenditures were $6 billion — six times that of the entire US pharmaceutical industry. Indoor growers' greenhouse gas emissions, they reported, are equivalent to that of 3 million cars.
Although marijuana greenhouses eliminate the need for many energy sucking lights, some growers opt for a hybrid approach, using some grow lights to manipulate the plants' cycles. Marijuana, for instance, will grow higher during longer daylight hours, as opposed to budding during shorter daylight hours. So growers who want to encourage the plant's initial growth phase in the middle of winter, say, may artificially produce more "daylight" hours through the use of lights. In February, residents of the southern Colorado town of Penrose complained: "Neighbors in the town said the smell from the plants is too strong and the bright lights from the greenhouses are too invasive at night," according to the Denver-based local CBS news affiliate.
A $5 million pot 'superstore' has been proposed for the small town of Eagle, CO.
Still, any reduction in energy cost is likely to make greenhouse cultivation an attractive option in the competitive world of weed farming. "Eventually a lot of these warehouses where people are paying top dollar for rent will get squeezed out by greenhouses," says Jay Czarkowski, managing partner of the Boulder, CO-based cannabis business consultants, Canna Advisors. "Greenhouses allow producers to ... have more competitive pricing, too."
Nexus Corp., a traditional high-end greenhouse designer, fabricator, and supplier that has worked for clients including the University of California at Berkeley, reports that it's receiving an increasing number of inquiries from the marijuana industry. "As long as it's a legal crop, we'll do it," says Craig Humphrey, vice president of engineering at Nexus. "They just need to prove where they are located. We're not selling to a customer who lives in a state that doesn't have it legalized in some manner."
Meanwhile, Colorado is already in full expansion mode. A $5 million pot "superstore" has been proposed for the small town of Eagle, CO, which would incorporate a 45,000 square foot greenhouse (in addition to a 6,000-square-foot retail store, and a 3,750-square-foot "prohibition museum"). Silverpeak Apothecary, a ritzy dispensary in Aspen, CO, in January erected a 25,000-square-foot greenhouse, called High Valley Farm.
On a national scale, marijuana greenhouses, like wind turbines or giant satellite dishes, may one day transform cheap land that sits on the outskirts of cities. And Ilovitz of Envirotech, envisions a time when there may also be "microbrewery style" greenhouses attached to marijuana stores in cities. "Greenhouses," they say, "really reflect the fact that the industry is stepping out into the light."
Critiquing the libertarian view of racism, Jon Chait says:
The most fevered opponents of civil rights in the 1950s and 1960s -- and, for that matter, the most fervent defenders of slavery a century before -- also usually made their case in in process terms rather than racist ones. They stood for the rights of the individual, or the rights of the states, against the federal Goliath.
I think this is a really important point, as we tend to think of racism as working, primarily, through volume and violence. James Byrd is the only undisputed victim of racism in recent memory. But the poll tax, the literacy tests, the grandfather clauses were all ostensibly color-blind and were explicitly designed for their authors to hide behind that fact. It's comforting to think of, say, "State's Rights" as a value neutral, ahistorical proposition. In fact, It's always been tied to the aims of white supremacists
I consider the Tariff, but as the occasion, rather than the real cause of the present unhappy state of things. The truth can no longer be disguised, that the peculiar domestick institution of the Southern States, and the consequent direction, which that and their soil and climate have given to their industry, have placed them in regard to taxation and appropriations in opposite relation to the majority of the Union; against the danger of which, if there be no protective power in the reserved rights of the States, they must in the end be forced to rebel, or submit to have their permanent interests sacraficed, their domestick institutions subverted by Colonization and other schemes, and themselves & children reduced to wretchedness. Thus situated, the denial of the right of the State to interfere constitutionally in the last resort, more alarms the thinking, than all other causes.
That's John C. Calhoun in 1830, on the eve of the nullification crisis. To be clear, "the peculiar domestick institution of the Southern States, and the consequent direction, which that and their soil and climate have given to their industry" is slavery. The "Nullification Crisis" is itself a euphemism for "The Crisis Over The Stolen Wages Of Black People." A little bombastic, but you get the point.
Racists -- and those who exploit racism -- are rarely about the business of openly declaring themselves as such, especially after their cause has been thumped, Before the Civil War, you could find all manner of Southerners exalting the "great moral truth of slavery." Afterwards, they claimed it was just "State's Rights." Before Reconstruction, the defeated Confederates employed explicit black codes that reduced African-Americans to slavery. After Redemption they moved to "vagrancy laws." "contracts" and "grandfather clauses." In the 1960s George Wallace would loudly declare "segregation forever!" Now we say "the Civil Rights Act destroyed privacy." In the era of militia madness, Ron Paul defended their racist newsletters. In the era of Barack Obama, they didn't read them.
It certainly is possible that Ron Paul never read a publication produced in their own name, just as it's possible to sincerely believe that the Civil Rights Act destroyed personal liberties, and it's possible to sincerely believe that if you are going to vote, you should be able to read the names of the candidates, or that Lincoln destroyed the original values of the republic. But it's also true that those beliefs have long been used to shield more odious ones. Forgive me for being suspicious when I see them employed in combination.
DETROIT, MI - The Michigan Film Office announced Wednesday the feature film "Transformers 4" has been approved for a film incentive from the state. Transformers 4 is expected to film this spring in metro Detroit. “It speaks volumes about all Michigan has to offer that Transformers is returning once again to our state,” said Margaret O'Riley, director of the Michigan Film Office in a press release. “This project will shine another bright spotlight on Michigan and provide tremendous opportunities for our cast, crew and support services. Transformers 4 was awarded an incentive of $20 million on $81,933,992 of projected in-state expenditures. The project is expected to hire 368 Michigan workers with a full time equivalent of 339 jobs. A rundown of Transformers 4 mentioned in a Michigan Film Office press release:
As humanity picks up the pieces, following the conclusion of Transformers: Dark of the Moon, Autobots and Decepticons have all but vanished from the face of the planet. However, a group of powerful, ingenious business person and scientists attempt to learn from past Transformer incursions and push the boundaries of technology beyond what they can control – all while an ancient, powerful Transformer menace sets Earth in their crosshairs. The epic adventure and battle between good and evil, freedom and enslavement ensues.
Transformers 4 is the third film in the series to use Detroit as a backdrop. The first Transformers, released in 2007, and Transformers: Dark of the Moon, released in 2011, also filmed in metro Detroit. In Fiscal Year 2013, 13 projects have been awarded a total of $30,962,806 on $120,172,305 of approved production expenditures for the year. These projects are expected to create 1,190 Michigan hires with a full time equivalent of 559 jobs. The Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC) Film Review Committee, comprised of senior MEDC staff including the Michigan Film Commissioner, reviews all completed applications using the statute to guide approval decisions.
The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) has rapped the Madhya Pradesh government for “systematic subversion of rules” in appointment of director and controller of the scam-tainted Professional Examination Board (also known by its Hindi name,`Vyapam'). Government's “shadowy” control led to erosion of the Board's credibility, CAG said.
Advertising
The CBI is currently probing the `Vyapam scam', a massive admission and recruitment racket which came to light a few years ago and rocked the state's politics. “The appointments of director and controller were made through systemic subversion of rules, resulting in undue favours to certain individual,” CAG's report for 2016, tabled in the state Assembly today, said.
“Dr Yogesh Uprit and Dr Pankaj Trivedi (both accused in the scam, now removed from their posts) were appointed director and controller, respectively, on orders of the then minister (Laxmikant Sharma, also an accused) in contravention of rules,” CAG said.
Accountant General Sourabh K Mallick said that as per the report, the state government “ostensibly” distanced itself from Board, but still maintained “administrative control”. This “shadowy control” led to a situation where there was “severe erosion in credibility of examination conducted by the Board”, CAG report said.
The Board was set up in 1982 for entrance tests for medical, engineering, agriculture colleges, and polytechnics. Mallick, who handed over copies of the report to media, claimed that state government did not make available Vyapam's records of 2015 and 2016 to the CAG, saying the Board was not a government body.
Advertising
The CAG also faulted the government for giving the Board the responsibility of recruitment for government jobs. “A primary function of the government to ensure free and fair recruitments to its own services…was jettisoned in favour of an institution (Vyapam), which was neither statutory, nor independent,” it said.
SCP-092
Item #: SCP-092
Object Class: Safe
Special Containment Procedures: The three thousand one hundred and twenty-five instances of SCP-092 are to be held in individual cases suitable for containing non-anomalous audio compact discs (CDs), and stored in standard inanimate-object lockers at Site-37. Each instance is to be individually numbered with permanent marker.
Testing of instances of SCP-092 is to be done in soundproof rooms. Only one instance of SCP-092 may be examined at a time. Only D-class personnel are to listen to previously-unexamined instances of SCP-092. Research proposals which involve non-D-class personnel listening to instances of SCP-092 require written approval from site command.
The cadaver of SCP-092-B is not currently considered anomalous except by association, and is preserved in the morgue freezer at Site-19.
Description: SCP-092 is a set of 3125 audio CDs, each labeled "The Absolute Absolute BEST of The 5th Dimension!!!!!", and marked with the names of the 31 performers who have at various times been part of the American singing group "The 5th Dimension". Each instance of SCP-092, when played in a standard CD player, will produce a distinct anomalous effect upon all individuals within hearing range. The anomalous phenomenon will last 74 minutes (the duration of a standard audio CD), during which time listeners will be unable to leave hearing range, or to shut off the CD player or otherwise interrupt its function. As well, when the anomalous phenomenon finishes, all surviving listeners will engage in synchronized vocalization of the phrase "Wow, that was real cool"; synchronized vocalization has been observed in non-anglophones, pre-verbal infants, unconscious individuals, paralyzed individuals, and individuals physically incapable of speech due to laryngeal, lingual, and/or buccal damage.
The anomalous properties of each instance of SCP-092 are thematically and conceptually linked to the number 5, dimensions, and/or the members of The 5th Dimension. As of ██/██/████, 871 instances of SCP-092 have been assessed and their anomalous properties formally described; see document 092-W83 for a full list, or below for a representative sample.
Representative sample of documented anomalous properties of instances of SCP-092 For more information, see document 092-W83 Instance Anomalous property SCP-092-028 Listeners experience quintuple vision for all moving objects. SCP-092-041 Listeners' bodies exude pentagonal crystals of elemental boron (chemical element #5). Crystals cease materializing upon conclusion of CD, but do not dematerialize. SCP-092-042 Listeners' bodies exude pentagonal ingots of elemental manganese (chemical element #25, or 5^2). Ingots cease materializing upon conclusion of CD, but do not dematerialize; listeners succumb to acute manganese poisoning within 24 hours. SCP-092-043 Listeners' bodies exude pentagonal nodules of elemental cesium (chemical element #55). All listeners killed by cesium burns within eight minutes. SCP-092-079 Listeners become physiologically five years old. SCP-092-080 Listeners become physiologically five months old. SCP-092-081 Listeners become physiologically five weeks old. SCP-092-082 Listeners become physiologically five days old. SCP-092-087 Listeners spontaneously become five months pregnant; pregnancies spontaneously miscarry upon conclusion of CD. In initial tests, all male listeners succumb to massive internal hemorrhaging within 10 minutes, as do 3 female listeners; surviving female listeners succumb to organ damage within 4 days. Postmortem genetic analysis shows that all fetuses were identical, and are not related to the listeners. SCP-092-126 Listeners experience unbearably painful facial spasms characterized by constant chewing and biting motions — symptoms of trigeminal neuralgia, caused by inflammation of the fifth cranial nerve; during initial test, all listeners batter themselves into unconsciousness against walls of testing chamber in attempts to escape the pain. SCP-092-175 Listeners' bodies are "pentasected" radially, producing 5 disconnected segments which remain alive and mobile. SCP-092-176 Listeners' bodies are "pentasected" laterally, producing 5 disconnected segments which remain alive and mobile. SCP-092-177 Listeners' bodies are "pentasected" longitudinally, producing 5 disconnected segments which remain alive and mobile. SCP-092-178 Listeners' bodies are "pentasected" axially, producing 5 disconnected segments which remain alive and mobile. SCP-092-200 Listeners are teleported to a site on the surface of Himalia, fifth-most-massive moon of Jupiter (fifth planet from the Sun). Listeners are returned upon conclusion of CD, but succumb to the combined effects of hypothermia, hypoxia, and radiation poisoning within 3 hours. SCP-092-256 Listeners are converted into two-dimensional forms. SCP-092-271 Listeners spontaneously lose 5 teeth each; teeth do not regrow after conclusion of CD. SCP-092-272 Listeners spontaneously lose all but 5 teeth each; teeth do not regrow after conclusion of CD. SCP-092-273 Listeners spontaneously lose 5 fingernails each; fingernails do not regrow after conclusion of CD. SCP-092-274 Listeners spontaneously lose 5 toenails each; toenails do not regrow after conclusion of CD. SCP-092-278 Listeners spontaneously grow three extra eyes each, for a total of five; extra eyes do not dematerialize upon conclusion of CD. Eyes are functional, and of the same color as listeners' original eyes. SCP-092-279 Listeners experience topological deformation such that their height becomes the circumference of their waist, and vice versa; deformation reverts at conclusion of CD. This appears to be an exchange between listeners' dimension of height and dimension of width. SCP-092-285 Listeners sneeze five times per minute for the duration of the CD. SCP-092-286 Listeners belch five times per minute for the duration of the CD. SCP-092-287 Listeners hiccup five times per minute for the duration of the CD. SCP-092-288 Listeners cough five times per minute for the duration of the CD. SCP-092-315 Listeners find themselves within the 2010 Lars von Trier film Dimension, where they are able to interact with the setting but not affect the actions of the characters. Since Dimension is only 27 minutes in duration, the events within the film repeat 2.74 times. SCP-092-316 Listeners find themselves within the 1993 Eastenders/Doctor Who is a crossover "Dimensions in Time", where they are able to interact with the setting but not affect the actions of the characters. Since the two parts of "Dimensions in Time" are only 13 minutes in total duration, the events within the episodes repeat 5.69 times. SCP-092-317 Listeners find themselves within the 1963 Italian film Amore in Quattro Dimensioni, where they are able to interact with the setting but not affect the actions of the characters. SCP-092-397 Listeners experience random moments in the life of Alan Shepard, the fifth man to walk on the Moon. SCP-092-399 Listeners experience random moments in the life of James Monroe, the fifth President of the United States. SCP-092-400 Listeners experience random moments in the life of Mackenzie Bowell, the fifth Prime Minister of Canada. SCP-092-401 Listeners experience random moments in the life of Edward Seaga, the fifth Prime Minister of Jamaica. SCP-092-402 Listeners experience random moments in the life of Charan Singh, the fifth Prime Minister of India. SCP-092-403 Listeners experience random moments in the life of Helen Hayes, the fifth winner of the Academy Award for Best Actress. SCP-092-466 Listeners are physically transformed into members of the original lineup of The 5th Dimension, as they were at the time of the group's establishment in 1966. SCP-092-467 Listeners are physically transformed into members of the original lineup of The 5th Dimension, as they were at the time of the original group's dissolution in 1975. SCP-092-468 Listeners are physically transformed into members of the original lineup of The 5th Dimension, as they were at the time of the original group's reunion in 1990. SCP-092-469 Listeners are physically transformed into members of the original lineup of The 5th Dimension, as they are today. Listeners who transform into Ron Townson (1933 - 2001) resume their original forms after conclusion of CD, but do not resurrect.
When an instance of SCP-092 is inserted into the CD drive of a personal computer, its files can be accessed without triggering the anomalous effects. Examination of the files indicates that each CD has different content; all content is audio material by or pertaining to The 5th Dimension and its individual members: in addition to all known commercially-released songs, files contain live performances, practice sessions, auditions, media interviews, and personal conversations.
Acquisition log
On May 5th, ████, an unidentified man (henceforth SCP-092-B) carrying two suitcases approached front gate guards at Site-19, and stated that they wished to surrender themselves and their anomalous creations into Foundation custody. The contents of their suitcases were confiscated, and classed as SCP-092; SCP-092-B was transferred to Site-37 for interrogation.
During interrogation, SCP-092-B revealed the thematic connections (five, dimensions, and The 5th Dimension) between all instances of SCP-092, and then committed suicide.
A parliamentary committee could soon probe why Canada suddenly started turning away LGBT Iranians seeking asylum, Xtra has learned. The move comes as members of Parliament express confusion over why a famed program that brought hundreds of refugees to safety has ground to a halt.
According to a Feb 3, 2017, Xtra investigation, Canada started turning away LGBT Iranians in Turkey seeking third-country resettlement, shortly after the Liberal government's airlift of Syrians got underway in November 2015.
Since 2010, Canada has resettled hundreds of Iranians from Turkey fleeing persecution on the grounds of sexual orientation and gender identity. Most were resettled through the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), after the former Conservative government asked the agency to refer such cases to Canada, often with the help of Toronto-based activists.
But almost weekly arrivals gradually slowed, and by 2016 the UNHCR started referring these Iranians to the United States, which has now barred Iranians from entry following Trump's executive order on several predominantly Muslim countries. Meanwhile, Canadian officials said they had too many Syrian cases to process and suggested activists privately sponsor these refugees, a costly process that takes much longer.
That's left many LGBT Iranians stranded in Turkey amid an uptick in LGBT hate crimes and violence in the country. On Feb 8, UNHCR spokesperson Selin Unal told Xtra that the agency has registered “over 1,900 LGBTI asylum seekers and refugees” in Turkey, and the “majority of these people are from Iran.”
Now, members of Parliament are starting to raise questions.
Liberal MP Hedy Fry says they cherish a plaque in their office that activists gave them for helping dozens of resettlement cases. But they noticed a drop in applications over the past year.
“I used to get a lot of them,” they told Xtra, visibly alarmed. “I haven't heard from anybody at all, and yet I was in the loop with that group. I don't know what's happening.”
Liberal MP Ali Ehsassi says both Arsham Parsi, founder of the Iranian Railroad for Queer Refugees and Saghi Ghahraman, co-founder of the Iranian Queer Organization, approached them in spring 2016 about a slowdown in applications. When Ehsassi told the immigration ministry, officials simply replied that they'd look into it.
“I have never heard anything about the system collapsing, from a government official. I have heard expressions of concern, that it has slowed down. But I truly do not know whether that is the case or not.”
In an interview with Xtra, Ehsassi notes their government has opened more spots for privately sponsoring refugees.
“At no point as a government did we say, ‘we're only taking in Syrian refugees,'” they say. “We've always been welcoming to refugees around the world; that is supposed to be ongoing. But as you know, last year we did set aside a certain number for refugees from Syria as well.”
Ehsassi points out that the House immigration committee recently decided to examine a separate pilot project where the federal government covers costs for chapters of the Rainbow Refugee Committee to privately sponsor refugees. He's asked the committee to welcome both Parsi and Ghahraman to speak about the UN resettlement issue.
Ehsassi also notes that “any assertion that we are receiving any specific numbers can't be accurate” because Canada doesn't receive case information from the UNHCR identifying people as gender or sexual minorities.
But that's the problem, according to Conservative immigration critic MP Michelle Rempel.
“This isn't about discrimination. This is about saying there are actually people who face more discrimination because of their religion or their sexual orientation, or their gender identity,” Rempel says.
“It's not improper for us to ask questions about that, right? Or to demand that there's a prioritization.”
Rempel notes that while Canada listed “members of the LGBTI community” among four priority groups in its Syrian resettlement, it's never said how many came, or how they'd be accommodated.
They see a parallel in the confusion of LGBT Iranians.
“LGBT people in Iran are some of the most persecuted people in the world,” Rempel says. “But to just ignore this, and sort of give it lip service, it just does a disservice to our overall refugee policy.”
In July 2016, the House immigration committee spent 14 hours looking at whether Canada adequately protects vulnerable immigrants and refugees. LGBT groups testified that refugees fleeing persecution often feel unsafe in cramped camps with people from their home country, and face inappropriate questioning from UN and Canadian officials.
“Canada should be very seriously reconsidering its process for selecting and prioritizing LGBT people to come to Canada,” Rempel says.
They also framed the US restrictions on refugees as an opportunity for Canada to take in the most vulnerable. “It's something I think Canada could be a world leader on.”
As for LGBT Iranians in Turkey, the UNHCR says “there is not a specific protocol” for keeping queer refugees safe, but that local LGBT groups are helping while the UN approaches other countries for resettlement.
“We have submitted LGBT cases to various countries,” Unal writes. “UNHCR hopes that the US will continue its strong leadership role and long history of protecting those who are fleeing conflict and persecution. Resettlement is one of the key tools to ensure the protection of vulnerable refugees, of whom LGBTI are prioritised.”
Nancy Pelosi Incoherently Rambles About Russia Hoax, Claims NRA is Part of Intelligence Community (VIDEO)
Washington D.C. – Chief Political Correspondent for CNN, Dana Bash interviewed House Minority Leader, Nancy Pelosi today at the 2017 Fiscal Summit. Nancy Pelosi went on a strange, incoherent rant about the Trump-Russia hoax where they claimed the NRA is actually a part of the Intelligence Community.
Nancy Pelosi should be at home in a rocking chair knitting or playing Sudoku. Unfortunately, we are still subjected to their mental illness after being a government swamp creature who has lived off the largess of taxpayers too long.
This clip of Nancy Pelosi, like many others is painful to watch. Major cringe!
Pelosi: “Talk about Russia undermined our election. They did it. (Incoherent babble)…not even any question. They hacked. They leaked. They disrupted. The question is there collusion (babbling)…you can't know until you have the full fledged facts. And to have a President say to the…uh Director of the FBI, the DNI, Director of National Intelligence or the NRA person that um, uh that, that uh they should not go forward. Uhhh it raises questions that need to be answered in a facts and law way.”
I hate to break it to you, Nancy Pelosi, but the National Rifle Association is not a part of our Intelligence Community.
VIDEO:
Pelosi seems to think the NRA is part of the intelligence community. Time to hang em' up, Nancy – long overdue. pic.twitter.com/gwWc5AUwP7 — Josh Caplan (@joshdcaplan) May 23, 2017
VIDEO via Tea Partier YouTube:
H/T Josh Caplan
The Klotz Throwing Company, nestled in the mountains of western Maryland, was a silk mill that once employed about 300 workers full-time before shuttering in 1957. Miraculously, the factory remains eerily untouched: Worker cubbies still hold shoes, combs, tins of Noxema, and empty jars of apple butter from lunch breaks gone by.
Like much of the Appalachian region's heavy industry, the silk mill business in Maryland has seen better days. The Klotz Throwing Company was once a major employer for the tiny town of Lonaconing, but one day in 1957 it closed its doors, since production had become cheaper overseas.
Under the ownership of Herb Crawford, who has tended to the building for 40 years, the mill has cheated death. Crawford was swindled into buying it, but holds no grudges. They hope to keep it open for photographers and visitors, but as the building crumbles, this becomes increasingly difficult. A recent GoFundMe campaign aims to raise enough money for Crawford to make the necessary repairs.
In the meantime, anyone who wishes to visit and photograph the mill's interior, where time seems to stand still, must coordinate with Crawford directly. Embarking on a self-guided tour will take awhile, and they allow visitors to wander through three floors and then some. For many, it is absolutely worth the trouble. Transistor radios sit at attention on top of rows and rows and rows of spindles that used to take the silk that came in from Japan and turn it into thread for apparel production. Everywhere you look, there is a tiny piece of history. Very few places on Earth remain so utterly frozen for 60 years.
The possibility that the Atlanta Falcons could punt to the suburbs if the team doesn't get $300 million in public money to help build a downtown dream home has shadowed the issue since talk of a new stadium began.
But the chances of any metro Atlanta county ponying up big incentives to lure the franchise - or even paying for needed road and utility work to support a stadium complex - appear dim.
Instead, concern that Falcons owner Arthur Blank could fork out the cash on their own to build a less expensive open-air stadium in the suburbs is intensifying. State leaders fear a flashy new suburban facility would become a formidable competitor to the state-run Georgia Dome.
Without the Falcons - and the 70,000 or so fans they attract at their home games - the Dome wouldn't turn a profit, leaving the public on the hook for the shortfall.
Check out the AJC's print or tablet edition for the in-depth report on the team's backup options if the deal for the $1 billion retractable-roof stadium falls apart.
- Advertisement -
Veterans For Peace will deliver a petition supporting the impeachment of President Bush to Rep. John Conyers on Wed., June 11, and intends to conduct a sit-in in their office until they agree to meet with them.
"By invading and occupying Iraq, the Bush administration every day violates legally binding international treaties and domestic laws," VFP Executive Director Michael McPhearson said in a written statement. "Congressman Conyers and their colleagues must hold them accountable and our Constitution prescribes how: impeachment. It's not enough to simply watch the Bush administration retire. Unless we hold them accountable we and Congress are complicit in their war crimes and put U.S. soldiers at risk of retaliation."
- Advertisement -
VFP collected 22,000 names on a petition supporting the impeachment of Bush. Members said they tried for two months to get a 10-minute meeting with Conyers, who chairs the House Judiciary Committee.
(Image by Unknown Owner) Details DMCA
- Advertisement -
VFP members from New York, North Carolina, New Jersey, Ohio and the District of Columbia will take part in the sit-in. VFP President Elliott Adams cited numerous impeachable offenses committed by the Bush administration including: violating domestic laws; binding international treaties and the U.S. Constitution by condoning torture in Iraq; and violating the Geneva Conventions, U.N. Charter and resolutions, the Nuremberg Principles and the Laws and Customs of War on Land.
Adams, a former Army paratrooper and Viet Nam combat vet, provided Conyers a copy of the VFP "Case for Impeachment" that documents claims of war crimes, crimes against humanity and crimes against peace committed or encouraged by the Bush administration. They also included a video CD of testimonies selected from the Iraq Veterans Against the War's "Winter Soldier" hearings held in March.
(Image by Unknown Owner) Details DMCA
- Advertisement - Adams asked Conyers to "not sit on the sidelines or be a keeper of the status quo like those who stood in your way when you demanded action for what is right. The time for justice is always now.”
DENVER -- A group of Democratic state legislators here had barely concluded their press conference unveiling a broad package of gun control bills when an outspoken opponent threatened to make them pay in the next election.
"I think the question for the Democrat caucus is, are you really ready to stake the 2014 elections on the gun issue?" Dudley Brown, executive director of Rocky Mountain Gun Owners, said to Colorado Public Radio last week. Brown and the group, whose motto is "don't give an inch," have been the source of $23,800 to Colorado politicians since 1996, according to a search of campaign finance records on Influence Explorer. The group has an enthusiastic core group of supporters, with its official Facebook page garnering nearly 16,000 "likes."
MORE: For data on the gun debate, see the Sunlight Foundation's resource page.
Such threats underscore how the influence of National Rifle Association (NRA), along with that of other gun rights groups, extends beyond the federal level to state politics -- an arena where many gun regulations are made or unmade. Sunlight earlier calculated that the NRA's scored a measly 0.83 percent return on investment for the $18.6 million spent by the group's PAC and the group's legislative arm, the Institute for Legislative Action, to influence last year's presidential and congressional contests.
But in Colorado, for instance, seven out of eight the candidates for state legislative seats who got money from the Rocky Mountain Gun Owners in the 2012 election cycle were elected to office. To research gun related contributions in your state, see graphic below.
Gun groups have a history of deploying campaign money and grassoots muscle at both the federal and state levels. The NRA in particular has long been an aggressive player of the political money game, extending its strategy to wrangling with the Federal Election Commission and joining lawsuits concerning campaign finance reform.
Traditionally, proponents of gun control have not been able to match gun rights groups' lobbying power or spending, although the entry of new groups, such as Mayors Against Illegal Guns, backed by New York City major Michael Bloomberg and Americans for Responsible Solutions, a super PAC, are hoping to change that calculus. Another PAC backed by Bloomberg, known has Independence PAC, has just jumped into the fray in Illinois, spending at least $660,000 against a congressional candidate, Democrat Debbie Halvorson, criticizing their opposition to gun control. A Democratic group, the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, has spent more than $9,000 so far, according to records compiled by Political Ad Sleuth, on a TV ad campaign that challenges Kentucky's senior U.S. senator, Mitch McConnell, to back gun control. McConnell, the Senate's Republican leader, is up for reelection in 2014.
At the state level, where the NRA has also long been entrenched, it remains to be seen how these developments will affect policy. Colorado has seen two of the country's most deadly mass shootings at Columbine High School in 1999 and last summer, at an Aurora movie theater. Both the House and the Senate chambers are held by Democrats, more likely--although not universally--to be sympathetic to stronger gun laws. Democratic Gov. John Hickenlooper, who earlier did not seem keen on pushing new gun laws, shifted position last December, saying that "the time is right" for stricter gun control laws in Colorado--just the day before the tragic shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School. Hickenlooper is rumored to have aspirations for the White House in 2016. Meanwhile, Mayors Against Illegal Guns has hired a local lobbying firm, Headwaters Strategies, according to records filed with the Secretary of the State.
So far several bills to loosen gun laws in the state have died in committee, including one that would allow teachers to carry concealed weapons on school grounds. But at the same time, hundreds of school employees have signed up for the Rocky Mountain Gun Owners free classes on obtaining a concealer carry permit.
Indeed, the package of gun control measures--which includes a bill to make manufacturers and sellers of assault weapons liable for damage inflicted by the weapons, as well as measures to limit the size of ammunition clips and institute universal background checks on all gun sales--is expected to face a tough fight. In a western state with a strong libertarian streak, guns are popular: last year saw nearly 415,000 applications for background checks for gun purchases processed. The state gets a "D" for gun laws on the books from the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, which supports stricter gun laws.
Colorado is far from the only state considering major gun legislation this year following the December massacre at a Connecticut school that left 20 children and six adults dead. Indeed, 43 states and the District of Columbia are considering gun related legislation this session, according to data compiled by the Law Center.
Vice President Joe Biden travels to Philadelphia today for a round table on gun violence, where gun rights groups have spent more than $1 million supporting state and federal candidates. House Democrats there introduced a package of legislation to tighten gun laws last week, including an assault weapon ban, requiring liability insurance for gun owners, and a bill requiring safety locks on guns. Republicans, who control the chamber, are countering with legislative proposals such as one to make it illegal to enforce new federal gun laws in the state.
In California, where gun rights groups over the years have spent more than $2.5 million on direct campaign contributions, the legislature is considering numerous proposals, from to taxing ammunition to requiring that gunowners purchase liability insurance. Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa is a member of Mayors Against Illegal Guns, one of more than 50 California mayors who have joined the effort. And Sen. Dianne Feinstein, D-Calif., is the lead sponsor in Congress of a bill to reinstitute a ban on the sale of assault weapons.
Meanwhile, in Texas, another big draw for gun related campaign cash--more than $2 million--several bills to loosen gun requirements have been introduced. These include proposals to allow gun owners with conceal carry permits to carry guns on their belts or in holsters and to prohibit state law officers from enforcing federal gun laws.
Virginia, home to the NRA headquarters, has seen more than $900,000 spent on gun rights direct contributions over the last two decades. In addition, Sen. Tim Kaine, a Democrat and former governor, faced more than $350,000 in NRA independent expenditures when they ran for their open seat last year. In the past, the legislature in the past has repeatedly beaten back proposals to extend background checks for gun purcahses at gun shows, Republican Gov. Bob McDonnell, signed a law last year to repeal the state's ban on the purchase of more than one handgun per month. And in 2010, the state ordered that records of gun sales stopped being kept and any existing records be destroyed. In 2007, the state was the site of the nation's deadliest mass shooting at Virginia Tech University. The legislature is considering numerous gun-related bills, including several related to carrying guns in schools.
In Arkansas, where more than $245,000 in gun related cash has helped politicians, the state Senate approved a bill to prohibit disclosure of names and zip codes of gun owners and permit applicants. The legislature is also considering bills to allow guns in schools and churches. The anti-disclosure measure follows a controversy when a New York newspaper, the Journal News, published a map of gun permit holders after the shootings at Sandy Hook elementary school. Soon after, the New York legislature included a similar provision in a package of legislation that generally strengthened gun laws. It was signed by the governor in January.
To see more gun legislation introduced in state legislatures this year, see table below. Information is provided by the Law Center to Prevent Gun Violence, which advocates for stricter gun laws.The chart is current through February 8. Note: Bills that address more than one policy area are listed multiple times -- once for each policy area addressed. To follow legislation and proposed regulations as they are filed, set up an alert on Sunlight's Scout.
(Image credit: Rocky Mountain Gun Owners; Graphic by Bob Lannon and Caitlin Weber/Sunlight Foundation)
The BlackBerry Passport definitely isn't a run-of-the-mill smartphone. The Canadian company took some big chances with its new handset, and it looks like that may have already paid off. Now BlackBerry says it plans to release at least one new “unconventional device” per year.
Speaking to Reuters, BlackBerry device chief Ron Louks said the company plans to take even more risks moving forward. That means following up the Passport with at least one exciting new gadget in 2015. “When it comes to design and being a little bit disruptive, we want that wow factor,” they said. “Not all of the products will have it, but we definitely have opportunities.”
There's no word on when BlackBerry's next unconventional device will launch, though according to CEO John Chen the company hopes to show off some new products early next year at Mobile World Congress in February. Carriers are also apparently already fascinated with early previews of the new phone. Chen hinted at a second-generation Passport, though MWC 2015 seems too soon to push out an updated version of the new phone. They also confirmed that the upcoming BlackBerry Classic will hit the market later this year, except that's probably more on the conventional side of the fence.
We're curious to see what BlackBerry has planned next. The Passport definitely took us by surprise when it was first announced, and we can't help but wonder what else the company has up its sleeve.
Paying Farmers & Alchemy
Ranged strength bonus
Magic damage multiplier
Undead-specific multiplier
Slayer-specific multiplier
Taking 5 from Castle Wars tables will now fill any remaining inventory spaces if you have less than 5.
Audio for chopping trees is now played when woodcutting as a monkey.
The alchemy value of the books of war, darkness and law are now consistent with other prayer books.
Potions shared with Lunar spells now consume the potion much more reliably.
This week we have several qualities of life updates to help you out with your everyday 'scaping.While the farmers at farming areas can be useful for chopping down your trees or protecting your crops they can often be a bit too talkative. In order to ease the process of paying farmers a right-click option to pay them has been added allowing you to skip any dialogue and get straight back to your farming run.Most of us have been victims of miss-clicking a precious item when casting an alchemy spell and having to watch it turn into a measly pile of coins. In order to prevent this type of mishap we have added a warning on items with a high alchemy value of 30,000 coins or more.This warning can be turned on and off by right-clicking the alchemy spells in your spell book.The equipment screen received a few new stats to help you figure out exactly what it is your equipment is doing for you. The equipment screen will now include the following:The Skilling Arena has now been prepared for the Hunter event next Saturday. Clans taking part will get to see the arena absolutely crammed with the explosive little creatures, it really is a skiller's dream.Discuss this update on our forums Don't miss our Q&A livestream from 5pm on Twitch! Keep up-to-date with updates and what is going on with the Old School team by following us on Twitter: @JagexAlfred @JagexRonan and @JagexWeath
THE CHILCOT Report on the Iraq war must be published before the general election to allow Scots to make an informed decision about Scottish Labour leader Jim Murphy and MPs who backed the conflict, the SNP has demanded.
It is now over five years since the inquiry led by Sir John Chilcot started to take evidence and a date has yet to be set for its publication.
CONNECT WITH THE SCOTSMAN
• Subscribe to our daily newsletter (requires registration) and get the latest news, sport and business headlines delivered to your inbox every morning
• You can also follow us on Facebook, Twitter and Google +
Mr Murphy was unexpectedly elected to the Renfrewshire seat of Eastwood in Tony Blair's Labour landslide in 1997, and backed the government in the divisive vote on Iraq in 2003 in which 129 Labour MPs rebelled.
Labour's 2015 election campaign is being co-ordinated by Paisley MP Douglas Alexander, who backed the war in 2003 and was later appointed to the Blair cabinet.
A quarter of the current crop of Scottish Labour MPs backed the war although some have announced their intention to stand down in May, including former senior cabinet members Gordon Brown and Alistair Darling.
Polls indicate Labour could be reduced to a rump in Scotland following a surge in support for the SNP after the No vote in the independence referendum.
SNP election co-ordinator Angus Robertson believes the Chilcot Report could add to Labour's woes if it is published before the election.
“It would be inconceivable to go into a general election year still not knowing the findings of the Chilcot Inquiry,” they said.
“The case for its publication is now made all the more imperative given the Labour Party in Scotland is led by a Westminster MP who voted for the Iraq war.
“The illegal invasion of Iraq is a scandal without parallel in modern times, and - more than a decade later - the war and its consequences continue to cast a long shadow.
“No-one can seriously claim that peace and security in Iraq itself, the Middle East region or the world as a whole have been improved as a result of the war.
“The findings of this inquiry have been delayed and blocked disgracefully for five years.
“The people of Scotland and the UK as a whole deserve to know the truth about how Westminster and Tony Blair's Labour Government operated in the lead up to this terrible war before they cast their vote next May, and we must have full publication before then.
“The invasion is estimated to have cost the lives of up to at least 120,000 innocent civilians - and there were almost 5,000 coalition military fatalities, including almost 200 military deaths among UK forces personnel.
“The Iraq War cost the MoD more than £8 billion. The illegal invasion and war in Iraq was a disgrace. People deserve full disclosure about how Westminster operated in the lead up to this disastrous war.”
SCOTSMAN TABLET AND IPHONE APPS
• Download your free 30-day trial for our iPad, Android and Kindle apps
• Keep up to date with all aspects of Scottish life with The Scotsman iPhone app, completely free to download and use
As the 12 Days of 2FA continue, we wrap up the week with a guide to enabling two-factor authentication on Dropbox. Dropbox supports 2FA over SMS or over one of several popular authentication apps.
On a cloud storage and sharing service like Dropbox, protecting shared files often means working with others. Protecting your account with 2FA gives your documents and files the best security when the people you share them with do the same. For a more comprehensive list of cloud services that support 2FA, check twofactorauth.org.
See below for steps to enable 2FA on Dropbox, and share this tutorial so your friends and colleagues can learn how, too.
Click on your name in the top right corner and choose “Settings.” Your settings page will open in a separate tab.
Click the “Security” tab. Under “2-Step Verification,” click “Click to enable.”
Click “Get started.”
At this point you'll be asked to enter your password. Enter it and click “Next.”
Now you have a choice between using text messages or an authenticator app as your primary 2FA method. Using text messages is selected by default. Authenticator apps are more secure and avoid a lot of the downfalls of SMS. However, text messages can be more practical if you do not use a smartphone. Consider your threat model and choose the best mode for you.
If you want to use an authenticator app , select “Use a mobile app” and click “Next.” Open your authenticator app on your mobile phone, scan the QR code, and click “Next.” Enter the code from your authenticator app (without any spaces) and click “Next.”
If you want to use text messages , select “Use text messages” and click “Next.” Enter a mobile phone number at which you can receive texts and click “Next.”
Shortly after you click, you will receive a text message with your verification code. Enter it and click “Next.”
Regardless of the method you chose, you can finish up by choosing an (optional) backup phone number at which you can receive texts if you can't access your authenticator app or primary phone number.
Finally, you'll get backup or recovery codes. Write these down or print them and keep them in a safe place. Click “Next” and you're finished.
Back at your security settings, you can view your recovery codes and generate more, enable a hardware security key, and edit your primary and backup 2FA modes.
Stay tuned for more posts on two-factor authentication during the 12 Days of 2FA.
OTTAWA — Following days of accusations that they were putting themselves in a conflict of interest, Finance Minister Bill Morneau has announced they will set up a blind trust and sell off their ownership stake in their family's pension services company.
They also deny they were ever in a conflict, despite having personally introduced legislation last year that proposes changes to pension regulations.
The finance minister pointed out that a conflict-of-interest screen has been established in their office that requires them to be recused from discussions that directly affect Morneau Shepell, except by way of “general application.”
They could recall at least two times when they had been pulled out of a meeting because of the screen, but could not clarify what exactly those meetings had been about. “I don't know what the issues were discussed in those meetings, because I was taken out,” they said.
Morneau described the controversy over their finances as a distraction from the work the government is trying to do, and said it was time to go “above and beyond” what Ethics Commissioner Mary Dawson had previously told them was required.
“I, perhaps naively, thought that, you know, in Canada, following the rules and respecting the recommendations of the ethics commissioner, respecting the recommendations of an officer of Parliament, would be what Canadians would expect,” they said.
“In fact, what we've seen over the past week is that I need to do more. As minister of finance, in this role, it's important to make sure people have absolute confidence.”
After their election in 2015, Morneau had given interviews saying they expected their Morneau Shepell holdings would have to go into a blind trust, and it was widely believed they had set that up. Even the company itself was under that impression, giving statements to the media that the shares were held in a blind trust.
But it turned out Dawson told Morneau that Canada's ethics laws allowed the shares to remain in a holding company, even though the holding company is in turn owned by Morneau.
On Thursday, Morneau distributed a letter dated Feb. 2, 2016, where Dawson's office gave them recommendations. The letter says the Morneau Shepell holdings are not considered an asset personally held by Morneau, so “a blind trust agreement is therefore not required.”
It says Dawson “is of the opinion that the best measure of compliance would be to establish a conflict of interest screen which would be made public.”
Asked why he's changing their mind now and moving forward with the blind trust and divestment, Morneau said the continuing focus on their investments made it necessary.
“At a certain stage, we can't have tin ears. We work for Canadians … So if we're getting distracted because some people are worried about my personal situation, it's time to move on.”
Opposition MPs have been hammering Morneau all week for maintaining active ownership in Morneau Shepell, particularly given the fact they introduced legislation last year — Bill C-27 — that would make changes to pension regulations. The NDP's Guy Caron called it “the most egregious conflict-of-interest case we've ever seen.”
Morneau had been away from the House of Commons recently as they attended out-of-province events to roll out the small-business tax reforms. But they were back in Ottawa on Thursday to defend themselves in question period.
“We all thought they had placed their shares in a blind trust,” Conservative MP Candice Bergen said. “He had not done that and in fact they were enacting legislation that would directly benefit them and Morneau Shepell.”
Morneau did not answer questions about whether they had specifically recused themselves from Bill C-27 discussions, but they repeatedly insisted the opposition's attacks were really about the advice Dawson had given him, which they followed.
“If the member opposite is actually suggesting that the ethics commissioner is not doing a good job, they should come out and say that to her,” they said in response to a question from the NDP's Nathan Cullen.
Speaking to reporters, Morneau also clarified that they still own about a million shares in the company — half of what was reported in 2015. They later said they had sold some of the shares before taking office.
Morneau said their lawyers will now get to work on setting up the blind trust for all of their assets, and then start the process to divest their Morneau Shepell shares.
“I'll do that as expeditiously as possible, and I expect, although I won't know, since it will be through somebody else, that it will be through the stock market,” they said.
• Email: bplatt@postmedia.com | Twitter: btaplatt
Health Library: Aortic dissection
Washington (CNN) -- U.S. diplomat Richard Holbrooke has died, a senior administration official told CNN Monday evening.
Holbrooke had undergone surgery in the past three days to repair a tear in their aorta, Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Monday.
"He had a very serious medical emergency on Friday," Clinton said at a news conference in Quebec, Canada, with foreign ministers from Canada and Mexico. "He has received excellent care including many hours of surgery in the last three days."
Earlier, a State Department official said Holbrooke was "absolutely fighting in an unbelievable way." Holbrooke remains unconscious after an additional procedure to aid circulation following the initial surgery on their aorta, the main artery of the body, the State Department said.
At a holiday reception for U.S. diplomats later Monday, President Barack Obama praised Holbrooke as "simply one of the giants of American foreign policy" who has served the nation "with distinction for nearly 50 years," including their work in negotiating the 1995 Dayton Accords that ended the Bosnian war in the former Yugoslavia.
"As anyone who has ever worked with them knows -- or had the clear disadvantage of negotiating across the table from them -- Richard is relentless," Obama said. "He never stops. They never quits. Because he's always believed that if we stay focused, if we act on our mutual interests, that progress is possible. Wars can end. Peace can be forged."
The president said they and their family were praying for Holbrooke's recovery, "and I know that everyone here joins me when I say that America is more secure -- and the world is a safer place -- because of" their work.
"And they are a tough son of a gun, so we are confident that, as hard as this is, that they are going to be putting up a tremendous fight," Obama said.
Holbrooke, the special U.S. representative on Afghanistan and Pakistan, was getting "fantastic care" at George Washington University Hospital, the State Department official said.
It is the same hospital where Ronald Reagan was taken after being shot in 1981. Holbrooke was taken there Friday after feeling ill at the State Department.
Clinton expressed appreciation for what they called an outpouring of concern and support from "presidents, prime ministers, foreign ministers" who have called the State Department since news of Holbrooke's illness broke.
Their surgeon continues to meet with the family to gives frequent updates, and Holbrooke "is receiving great support from a broad and growing community of family and friends," the State Department official said.
"It's remarkable how many messages of support (his wife, Kati Marton) and the family keep receiving from all corners: foreign ministers and ambassadors from around the world, President (Bill) Clinton, senators and members of congress, colleagues from this Af/Pak job, from Vietnam, from the Balkans, from the U.N., from the private sector," the official said.
Clinton and Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Mike Mullen have visited the hospital numerous times, according to the State Department source, who said: "They've each come three times, informally chatting with family members, friends and staffers, and really helping to buoy the assembled."
The State Department also said Afghan President Hamid Karzai and Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari called Holbrooke's wife Sunday morning.
Zardari told CNN's Reza Sayah that Holbrooke is a "fighter." They said they told Holbrooke's wife to be "brave."
"I'm sure they will fight for their life, and they will come out of it," Zardari said.
Asked to reflect on Holbrooke's impact on the Pakistani region, Zardari called them an "extremely hard-working man" who can "get things done which would otherwise take weeks to get through."
An image of a humanoid robot learning about how to play from a young child as part of robotics research at Aberystwyth University has won a top UK science photography award.
'iCub and the tutor' by Sandy Spence from the Department of Computer Science is the winner of the 'People' prize in this year's Engineering and Physical Sciences Research Council (EPSRC) Science Photography Competition.This is the second year in succession that Spence and colleagues have won the award.In 2015 'The Greatest Discovery' which showed the iCub humanoid robot 'listening' to the unborn child of mother to be Ayesha Jones, won the 'People' prize.A year on, and Ayesha's daughter Caiya features in 'iCub and the tutor', sitting at a table and playing with the iCub robot.Both images were inspired by the work of the Intelligent Robotics Group at Aberystwyth University who are applying how young children learn about the world around them to the development of humanoid robots.In 2015 the group was awarded £560,000 by the EPSRC for a three year research project that sees the group working with developmental psychologists to help robots learn more about the physics of objects and how to use objects as tools.Patricia Shaw, a lecturer in Computer Science and a member of the Intelligent Robotics Group, explains: "During infancy, children learn from their experiences of the world around them. Through playing with objects they build up an understanding of what objects are and how to use them, along with concepts about the basic physics of the world such as object permanence."In this research, we are modelling how young infants learn and applying it to a humanoid robot. The aim is to develop a mechanism for robots to learn about the basic physics of the world through understanding objects. In 'iCub and the tutor', the iCub robot is learning about how to play from the baby.""We are delighted to have won this award for the second year running. It is recognition of the excellent work the team here at Aberystwyth University is doing, and offers us a great opportunity to share with everyone what we are working to achieve."The winners of the EPSRC Science Photography Competition have been announced today, Monday 21 March.There were five categories in this year's awards: 'Eureka', 'Equipment', 'People', 'Innovation', and 'Weird and Wonderful'.The over-all winner was 'Microwave ion-trap chip for quantum computation' by Diana Prado Lopes Aude Craik and Norbert Linke from the University of Oxford.The other winners came from the University of Edinburgh, University of Cambridge and Imperial College London.Competition judge, Professor Robert Winston, Professor of Science and Society and Emeritus Professor of Fertility Studies at Imperial College London, said: "It is crucial to promote greater understanding of science and engineering research, the role it plays in making new discoveries, developing new technologies and in making the world a better place for us all. These are truly inspirational images and tell great stories. It was a real pleasure to take part as a judge and I hope people will want to find out more."Congratulating the winners and entrants, Professor Philip Nelson, EPSRC's Chief Executive, said: "Yet again, the standard of entries into this year's competition shows the inquisitive, artistic and perceptive nature of the people EPSRC supports. I'd like to thank everyone who entered; you made judging a very hard but enjoyable task."This competition helps us engage with academics and these stunning images are a great way to connect the general public with research they fund, and inspire everyone to take an interest in science and engineering."The competition received over 200 entries which were drawn from researchers in receipt of EPSRC funding.The judges were Martin Keene - Group Picture Editor - Press Association;Professor Robert Winston - Professor of Science and Society and Emeritus Professor of Fertility Studies at Imperial College LondonProfessor Philip Nelson - EPSRC's Chief Executive
Regular readers will know that one of the main goals of our site is to promote living an active lifestyle with your pet. Whether out for a walk, run, hike or more serious adventure – we believe that time spent exploring is some of the best bonding you can experience.
One of the keys to a successful and stress free experience is making sure to have the right gear. Today we are sharing one of our favorite new accessories, and guess what – it's not for the dogs! Instead, it is the PERFECT accessory for active dog parents – ZigZev Headbands.
About ZigZev Adventure Headbands
ZigZev is a Buffalo, NY based company that designs and produces handmade headbands.
While in search of a workout headband that would stay in place but not give them a headache, founder Kelly, decided to make their own. A graphic artist by trade, Kelly started creating headbands that were not only functional but incorporated fun graphic designs and patterns! Friends and family loved the designs and began requesting some for themselves. ZigZev was born!
Made of a Lycra blend, these headbands (or Zevbands) are absorbent, retain their elasticity and are extremely soft. Zevbands are perfect for any occasion, but especially suited for exercise and adventure.
Save 25% on any Zevband with code MYDOG25
A Charitable Mission
Inspired by their rescue cat Zev (and company namesake), ZigZev gives back to the pet community in multiple ways.
First, a portion of every purchase goes to help rescue pets find their forever homes. Just like Zev found Kelly, they want to help others do the same.
Secondly, all fabric scraps from the production process are recycled into pet beds for animal shelters. How cool is that?!
What's so Great about these Headbands?
Design – ZigZev headbands are 4″ wide in the front and taper to 1.5″ in the back. This allows for them to be worn in multiple arrangements – covering the forehead and front of the hair, or folded over for a thin and streamlined look. The Lycra blend fabric used is particularly soft, stretchable and absorbent – making it perfect for active wear.
The Lycra blend fabric used is particularly soft, stretchable and absorbent – making it perfect for active wear. Handmade – All headbands are designed and produced in Buffalo, NY. We love supporting local companies and are so excited to see a WNY startup gaining traction.
Non Slip – One of the most common complaints with exercise headbands is that they won't stay in place throughout a workout. Those that do tend to be so tight that they cause a headache! Zevbands' wide design allows them to be worn down over the forehead and the unique material keeps them just where you want them.
Style – Without a doubt it is the awesome prints that will first draw you in to ZigZev. All designs are created in house and available only at ZigZev. From fun and vibrant patterns, graphic art, and cute phrases they are sure to have something to fit your style. Buffalo and Western New York natives will particularly love the hometown pride designs!
Without a doubt it is the awesome prints that will first draw you in to ZigZev. All designs are created in house and available only at ZigZev. From fun and vibrant patterns, graphic art, and cute phrases they are sure to have something to fit your style. Buffalo and Western New York natives will particularly love the hometown pride designs! Affordable – With the majority of their headbands falling between $8-$10, ZigZev is also affordable. Especially when you consider that a portion of every sale goes to charity!
Testing out the ZigZev Workout Headband
I've been wearing headbands for years, and there is always a trade off. Trust me, I've tried a lot of brands in all price ranges! Either they are tight, stay in place, but give you a massive headache and a terrible crimp in your hair, or they are loose, more fashionable, but fall out of my fine hair as soon as I get active.
It's been a few weeks since I started wearing my Zevband daily, during all sorts of activities: Crossfit, running, walking with the dogs, working around the house, and relaxing too, and I have to say something: I am in LOVE!
Not only do these bands stay in place, but they are actually comfortable and fashionable to wear!! When I'm doing a vigorous activity I like to wear the full width of the Zevband, partially covering my forehead (above). It fits securely and once you start sweating, especially doesn't move!
My hair has lots of layers and bangs which drive me bonkers when working out or getting wind blown on a walk, but the Zevband keeps my hair completely out of my face. Not only is it great for activity, but it's so comfortable that I like to wear it around the house when I get home from work! I have never had a headband that I have WANTED to even TRY doing that with! Best of all, when you take the Zevband off, there is no crimp where it was placed! Your hair can be salvaged without a shower, hooray! Not for nothing, the bands are so cute (I get so many compliments) that you could totally rock them with your outfit too! Folding over the back half of the band creates a thinner and more fashionable look for all day wear!
Washing a Zevband
Over time your Zevband will loose a bit of it's elasticity as it soaks up your sweat- don't worry – give it a quick wash and it will spring back into shape! You can toss it in the washing machine or clean it by hand with a bit of detergent and water. Just make sure to let it air dry – a dryer may damage the material!
Why MyDogLikes ZigZev Athletic Headbands
As a regular crossfitter, runner, and doggy walker, I have become quite reliant on headbands over the years. I have also tried just about everything on the market and always had an issue with them either staying in place or being too tight. A loose headband is extremely annoying because loose hair falls in your face and a tight fitting headband can give you a headache and a bad crimp. Zevbands on the other hand are comfortable, functional, and stylish!
I love wearing them to do just about every adventure from exercising, walking the dogs, to bumming around the house! Not only do they wear well, but they are adorable, and I have had so many compliments on my new headbands! Now I just keep looking at their selection of patterns and planning my summer wardrobe around them!
Certainly, I would be remiss not to mention that I also love how this hometown small business has made a commitment to giving back and helping rescue animals with their sales and materials! Now that is a company all of you dog moms and dads can get behind!
Want to pick up your own ZigZev Workout Headband?
Save 25% on any Zevband with code MYDOG25
SAINTS keeper Fraser Forster is part of the tightest defence in English football.
But, remarkably, the man whose place they took at St Mary's currently boasts a better personal record than the England international!
Following the weekend win over Leicester, Forster has conceded only five goals in 11 Premier Leagues games at an average of a goal every 198 minutes.
But Artur Boruc, on loan to Championship high-fliers AFC Bournemouth, can better that.
After keeping their fifth clean sheet in their last six league games in a 0-0 draw at Middlesbrough, the Polish international has only conceded four goals in their nine league outings for the Cherries.
That works out at an average of a goal every 202.5 minutes.
Boruc, who broke Saints' Premier League clean sheets record with 14 last terms, is on loan at Dean Court until January.
Cherries boss Eddie Howe insists second-placed Bournemouth will not rest on their laurels after continuing their fine start to the campaign with a goalless draw at Middlesbrough.
Howe's men headed to the Riverside top of the table, a remarkable feat for a club which almost slipped out of the Football League just five and a half years ago amid crippling financial issues.
Howe declared themselves satisfied with the result, which leaves their side just a point adrift of Derby - who reclaimed top spot with a 5-0 drubbing of Wolves.
They said: “It was really nip-and-tuck. I thought it was a high-quality game.
“We had the best chances in the game and our goalkeeper (Boruc) had little to do, which is a good sign.”
Burnley last year proved that unlikely promotions are possible when they overcame pre-season relegation tips to reach the Premier League.
And Howe, who left Cherries in January 2011 to manage Burnley before returning in October 2012, admits Bournemouth can take inspiration from their former club.
“These are exciting times. We did not really expect to be in this position and we are enjoying it.
“Every club in the Championship is looking at Burnley to see what can be achieved with a small squad and limited resources.
“They had two excellent goalscorers (former Cherries pair Sam Vokes and Danny Ings) and we are a very different proposition, but there are principles there that we can take.”
Even the football players at Cretin-Derham Hall acknowledge it these days.
The Raiders are in a drought.
Cretin-Derham Hall was a state tournament qualifier 20 times from 1990 to 2011, missing out only in 2006, and twice won state titles during that span, in 1999 and 2009. But the glory years appear to be slipping away. The Raiders have missed the state tournament in each of the past four seasons.
Yet Thursday night's season opener at Lakeville South marks a new era, of sorts, as former Vikings quarterback Brooks Bollinger takes the reins as head coach after spending last season working specifically with the Raiders' quarterbacks.
Their impact already has been felt.
Senior center Nick Neumann said practices have a faster tempo, intensity is higher, kids are on time, and the team has more discipline. “I think the team is looking better as a whole,” they said.
That's not shot against former Cretin-Derham Hall coach Mike Scanlan, senior linebacker James Jackson said, but Bollinger has their own way of doing things.
“He attacks things differently,” Jackson said. “Just more intense, more upbeat, kind of more game-reality-type things. And just more attention to detail, as well.”
“It seems like they want to be here … they want to win, they do really want to have a winning team,” Neumann added.
Is there another choice at Cretin-Derham Hall, where the pressure to return the school to football prominence amplifies with each non-phenomenal season?
“There certainly has been a long history of winning here, and that's something that's expected,” Bollinger said. “I don't think we really think about it. Obviously, we want to go out and win football games, but we've tried to narrow our focus down to, ‘Hey, let's raise the bar every day.' ”
That mantra started in February, when Bollinger first got the job.
The big picture, which can be a daunting one filled with expectations, was set aside. Instead, players focused on improving each time they stepped up to the squat rack for a new set. And while it's a great thing to advance players toward college football and potentially the NFL — which Cretin-Derham Hall has done plenty of in the past — sacrificing for the greater good is a bigger goal, Bollinger said.
“He's just trying to help us have fun with football,” Neumann said. “And it's more than just a game, I guess. It's more of a lifestyle, too.”
Expectations might be higher for Bollinger than for their players this season. In their only other season as a high school head coach, they led Hill-Murray to the state tournament for just the third time in school history before leaving to be quarterbacks coach at the University of Pittsburgh.
That's the type of performance that gets you labeled as a “coaching messiah.”
Neumann and Jackson were both asked where they thought the Raiders had an edge this season. Jackson mentioned athleticism. Neumann said Cretin-Derham Hall has a “winning mind-set.”
The only answer both players gave? Coaching.
Combine that with Cretin-Derham Hall's talent and pedigree, and Jackson said this group “definitely” can get the Raiders back to state and “end this drought.”
Bollinger still isn't sure how good this group can be. They figured that coaches who have spent 25 years in the same program might have a good idea at this point, but he's still getting to know their team.
“I think when you get in this time of camp it's hard to tell,” Bollinger said last week. “Time will tell. … It kind of is up to them as to where we take this thing and how good we can be. You've got to earn it.”
They do know one thing for certain.
“We're talented,” Bollinger said, “so I think there's some serious potential upside.”
And whether or not Cretin-Derham Hall goes to state this year, Bollinger doesn't plan on their Raiders' head coaching stint being a one-and-done deal.
“This is home for me and my family,” Bollinger said. “My kids go to school down the road. … This is kind of the community we're a part of now, and we don't plan on leaving. Life has an interesting way of throwing curveballs, but I have every intention of being here as long as they'll keep me.”
The patient sits on the bed, their head wrapped in thick gauze bandages. They look their doctor in the eye and says, “You just turned into somebody else… You almost look like somebody I've seen before, but somebody different. That was a trip.”
No, 47-year-old Ron Blackwell hadn't taken any psychedelic drugs. They aren't delirious or psychotic following the brain surgery they had recently undergone. Instead, they were responding to signals from electrodes implanted in their brain to help determine the source of their seizures. By coincidence, the test electrodes had been placed in their fusiform gyrus, the brain region involved in recognizing faces.
MORE: Could Deep Brain Stimulation Fend Off Alzheimer's?
“Your nose got saggy and went off to the left,” Blackwell said, describing the changes they were seeing in their doctor Josef Parvizi's face in a video released along with a new study. The research, published in the Journal of Neuroscience, was led by Parvizi, who is an associate professor of neurology at Stanford.
While having surgery to treat epilepsy, Blackwell agreed to take part in an experiment led by Parvizi aimed at understanding what the fusiform region actually does and how specific it is to recognizing faces.
MORE: A Flicker of Consciousness
While most people recognize familiar faces rapidly— even if we can't always put a name to them— up to 3% of the population has a genetic disorder that interferes with recognition, known as prosopagnosia. The condition can also occur after stroke or other brain injury.
In extreme cases, people with prosopagnosia can't even recognize their own spouses or parents: they simply don't have the ability to match the visual signals of a person's face and merge them with the brain's memory banks to indicate something familiar, and experts presumed this deficit was caused by damage to the fusiform.
Neurologist and bestselling author Oliver Sacks publicly discussed their experience with the disorder, saying that it has contributed to their shyness and avoidance of social situations. Author Heather Sellers wrote about their life with the condition, describing including the havoc it caused in their social life when they once sat down with the wrong date in a bar without realizing it— confusing the individual they had mistaken for their date and infuriating the man they were supposed to be seeing.
MORE: Found! The Seat of Embarrassment in Your Brain
The new study provides the strongest evidence for the potential source of prosopagnosia's confusing symptoms. The scientists found that the fusiform is specialized for recognizing faces and that stimulating it produces massive distortions in facial perception. Blackwell described seeing faces metamorphose into other faces when the electrodes were turned on. In one case, they said, “It's like the shape of your face, your features, drooped.” But nothing else was affected. “Only your face changed,” they said, “Everything else was the same.”
When the electrodes were turned off, Blackwell had no unusual reactions. And when they looked at other things like the TV or a balloon, while there was slight distortion, it was nothing like the complete metamorphosis they experienced when they looked at faces.
MORE: The Brain: What the Mouse Brain Tells Us
“These findings provide evidence for the causal role of these fusiform face regions in face perception,” the authors write. Unfortunately for Blackwell, however, the cause of their seizures was too close to important areas involved in vision for it to be removed. The work does, however, provide intriguing new information about how the fusiform area works, and potentially for how it might be manipulated to help those suffering from not just prosopagnosia but related disorders as well.
Those include Capgras' Syndrome, in which people are convinced that their friends and family members— sometimes even their pets— have been replaced by identical imposters. While the conditions sounds more like a psychiatric condition, in these cases the problem likely results from a disconnect between the fusiform area and the brain's emotional regions. When people with Capgras' Syndrome see people they love— but don't feel the love and warmth they normally experience — they compensate for the gap by convincing themselves that the people around them are “fake,” or even robots. If their real family members or spouses were there, they reason, they wouldn't seem so cold and odd.
MORE: New York State of Mind? Research Reveal Brain Wiring Is Laid Out Like a Grid
For these patients and potentially others who suffer from related symptoms following stroke and brain trauma, the electrical stimulation opens a window into an area of the brain that had been out of reach, and provides hope that their seemingly untreatable symptoms may someday be relieved by less invasive treatments.
Per MMA Weekly, the good news:
Shinya Aoki could make their Strikeforce debut in March, according to the San Jose, Calif.-based promotion's CEO. Scott Coker on Monday told MMAWeekly.com that "dialogue was continuing" with Aoki's camp and follow-up meetings were planned during a trip to Japan for Dynamite! Dream vs. Sengoku on New Year's Eve. "I do believe Aoki will probably be here fighting for Strikeforce in March sometime," they said.
And the bad news:
Of course, with an American debut, Aoki would likely have to swap their pants for run-of-the-mill fight shorts.
As fun as it is to anticipate Aoki's American debut, if you read closely, you'll note that nothing is signed and all we really have is Scott Coker's sincere desire to bring Aoki to Strikeforce. But Coker, uniquely among American promoters has got a proven track record of bringing over top Japanese talent, including Kasuo Misaki and Mitsuhiro Ishida.
On the issue of the grappling pants, Aoki has told Michael David Smith it's immaterial:
I asked Aoki in an e-mail interview set up by Dream whether their pants aid their grappling skills, and their response (as translated by a Dream PR representative) indicated that they aren't too pleased with my question.
"It is nothing to do with my grappling skills," Aoki replied. "Anybody who has experience of grappling should know about this. This question seems for non professional."
Precedents are rapidly being set in stone for the complete elimination of not just Aoki style long legged grappling shorts, but other designs that enhance fighters' gripping abilities. As Zak Woods argued, there's a good reason for this:
WKR certainly understands the ban as long as it is shown that the shorts do provide an advantage compared to other athletic apparel. A commission's duty is to keep an equal playing field for all competitors. Part of that duty is combating unfair technological advantages. Sport fans saw one such incident in international swimming earlier this summer. When Milorad Cavic defeated Michael Phelps in Rome the Serbia swimmer was wearing a new Arena X-Glide swimsuit. It was determined that the technologically superior suit gave Cavic an unfair advantage and the Arena X-Glide suit was recently banned from international competition.
On the other hand there is already a set precedent for equipment that allows fighters to more easily perform their speciality: mma gloves. When they were first introduced by Tank Abbott at UFC 6 they were immediately controversial and perceived as giving strikers an unfair advantage.
I believe mma gloves are essential. Mainly because I like to see good punching exchanges.
But there is a cost to mma gloves -- they make securing submissions, especially the rear naked choke much harder. This makes fights that should have been over go longer, results in more decisions, and lots of stalling while fighters have overwhelmingly dominant position but can't capitalize because their opponent is grabbing their gloves and they're not allowed to strike at the back of the head.
And that's not even getting into the reality that many many pro-fighters practice very advanced arts of oiling up their bodies via baths before fight time so that they appear dry and clean upon entering the cage but once they start sweating they're oozing oil from every pore.
But I'm willing to make that compromise....IF we accept that something should be done to make it easier to get submissions.
There is a simple, elegant solution.
Mandate that all fighters wear Aoki style grappling pants. That eliminates the unfair advantage argument, maintains a level playing field AND encourages more submissions.
The only argument against it comes from those who fear and hate the art of submission fighting. Because really, what's wrong with seeing more submissions?
It's not like Aoki's pants suddenly transform them into a submission king. If I were wearing Aoki pants I'd be just as hapless and harmless as ever, just like donning a pair of mma gloves won't turn me into a knock out king. The fighters still have to get the submissions, they just have a slighty easier time.
Yesterday I did a post on the idea that Redis now needs a binary protocol. Seems like people are listening actively and I was followed up with a reply (which I am not ready to believe) in this post saying:
We actually found at Tumblr that the memcache binary protocol was less performant than the text protocol. I also know a number of other large web properties that use the memcache text protocol. I don't think the ‘benefits' of a binary protocol are super clear-cut for applications like this.
There is just so much in my head as an argument ranging from lesser number of bytes (imaging reading 4 byte plain integers versus reading string ‘6599384' and then parsing it to 4 bytes) to really simple jump tables for executing the operation. Then I thought let the evidence speak for itself and wrote some Go code available in this Gist to simply benchmark 100K, and 1M get operations (also tried various numbers various machines). For testing purposes I used Go ; with various reason like saving myself from complex configurations, avoid any VMs, simulate the complete client library written in purely in same language Go in this case (assuming the implementations were decent enough) and get the coding part done really quick.
It's a really simple benchmark always getting same key (to remove any other variables) and simply discarding the results trying to benchmark pure get/parse time. Results were just what I expected; with 100K gets took 6.560225s in ASCII protocol and 5.288102s in binary protocol. As I scaled the number of gets up to 1M the time grew linearly (see gist).
In closing I think an ASCII protocol can never beat binary protocol (assuming you have not designed a stupid protocol). To me it sounds like interpreting bytecodes vs lines of code. There is a reason why many of NoSQL stores (e.g. Riak on Protobufs and HTTP) ship purely on binary protocol or an alternative binary protocol. I would love to know the libraries and methods Tumblr used to communicate with memcached over binary protocol. I am not convinced! If readers of this post have done some benchmarks, or anything that brings up a valid argument be free to share!
Planting Your Flag at Social Networking Sites
On Thursday I shared a laugh with a source at the expense of a mutual acquaintance: a security expert who has for the most part eschewed social networking sites. We were howling because someone who obviously knew enough about this person to push their emotional buttons had registered a Twitter account in their name and was posting some amusing but slightly mocking Tweets. The impersonated person even had several "followers" from the security community.
I mention this because it raises an interesting question for people who have embraced social media, but only to a certain point: That is, does it make sense to go ahead and plant your virtual flag at various social networking sites before someone else does it for you, and potentially uses it to make fun of you -- or worse -- abuse your good name to trick your acquaintances into doing something harms you both?
Indeed, as I noted last year, while social networking sites can be a huge time sink and a breeding ground for virus and worm attacks, there may also be danger in remaining a social networking site Luddite. After all, if you don't claim a space on these networks, someone else may do it for you as a way of scamming or attacking your friends and business contacts.
That piece told the story of two security researchers who did just that:
With the permission and good humor of security pioneer Marcus Ranum, Hamiel and Moyer created a LinkedIn profile on Ranum's behalf, including a photo of them and bits from their resume to make the profile look legit. In less than 24 hours, more than 50 people had joined their LinkedIn network. Among those taken in by the stunt was Ranum's sister. "Even if you just put some basic information out there that's easy to find, you're kind of controlling your privacy that way," Hamiel said.
As you might expect, Web entrepreneurs already have seized upon this fear to make money. A site called knowem.com allows you to see whether your name or whatever nickname you favor is already registered at any of some 120 social networking sites on the Web today. For a $64.95 fee, the site will register all available accounts on your behalf, a manual process that it says takes one to five business days. "Don't fall victim to "Cyber Squatting" or social media identity theft - ensure that your username or vanity URL is saved for you!" reads the company's sales pitch.
Whether anyone could possibly use and maintain 120 different social networking accounts is beyond my imagination. I would think an automated signup service like knowem.com would be far more useful if there was also a service that people could use to simultaneously update all of these sites with the same or slightly different content.
What about you, Security Fix fans? Have you avoided social networking sites, or have you jumped in headfirst? Have security and privacy concerns kept you away from social networking sites? Would concerns about someone else hijacking your identity at these sites be enough to cause you to at least register your own names there? Sounds off in the comments below.
Google has dropped the "incoming" stream of posts from Google+, saying the feature was confusing, rarely used, and obsolete.
The incoming stream showed posts from people who followed you but whom you didn't follow. Google+ Engineering Manager Dave Besbris announced the end of the incoming stream in a Google+ post last night:
The "Incoming" stream was a part of Google+ from the very start and it served an important purpose at the time to help people discover others on Google+. Since then however we've added a suggested user list, What's Hot, the ability to share circles and in-product search with saved searches. We've also greatly improved our friend suggestion algorithms. These changes all served the same purpose that incoming originally did: connecting people. Based on your feedback and our user research, we learned that the "Incoming" stream was a very confusing part of Google+. Not surprisingly, this feedback was reflected in very low usage of the "Incoming" stream compared to the rest of Google+, so we decided to remove it and simplify things.
Google has been constantly refining Google+ since its launch a half year ago. The service has only a small fraction of Facebook's population, but through a feature called Search Plus Your World that sprinkles Google+ information into search results, Google hopes to increase usage.
Unsurprisingly, given that Google+ has millions of users now, the announcement drew commentary from those who liked the feature.
"When people added me to circles, I used the incoming stream to decide If I'd add them back based on their posts," said IT consultant Ryan Lestage.
Besbris responded, "That's the one really good use for incoming that we lose with this change. Overall we didn't think that was enough of a benefit to outweigh the added complexity, and cost of supporting such a rarely used feature over the long term."
Another gripe was that Google's algorithms for finding fresh content are subpar.
"What's Hot should be called What Was Hot Last Week," said Matt Keithley. "I used Incoming quite often. It was an additional layer that was much different than my standard circles."
Chelsea back out of Tiago deal?
By Football Espana staff
Tiago Mendes is without a club after their Atletico Madrid contract expired but Chelsea declined to sign the midfielder.
It had been assumed that the Portuguese would join the Blues for a second spell, having played a year at Stamford Bridge under Jose Mourinho in 2004-05.
But AS reports that Chelsea now won't sign the 33-year-old and they are looking for a club in Spain instead.
AS also note that Atletico are looking for a replacement for Tiago but could have Tiago themselves since they aren't tied to anyone else.
Tiago is looking for a two-year contract and a significant weekly wage, but Atletico were only willing to offer a one-year deal.
But with Atletico still searching for midfield options, there could be an agreement reached, AS speculate.
A Metro train with passengers on board was struck early Thursday by a piece of track equipment, the second time in less than a week that crews at the transit agency have had problems while working on rail system repairs.
Around 12:38 a.m., a piece of equipment called a “movable arm” hit a passing train on the Blue Line in an area known as Potomac Yard between the Braddock Road and National Airport stations, according to Metro officials. Crews were working to replace ties along the tracks.
No passengers were injured. Caroline Lukas, a Metro spokesperson, said passengers were delayed about 40 minutes while Metro conducted a safety inspection of the train. The crew involved in the incident was “immediately suspended and taken out of service,” Metro said.
On Sunday, a contractor was killed and two Metro workers were seriously injured when a fire and explosion in a tunnel near Union Station on the Red Line triggered other problems. The workers had been brought in to do maintenance on the tracks.
COIMBATORE: With technology removing barriers to access, there has been a quantum rise in the number of youth in Coimbatore getting hooked on to porn websites, says a survey conducted by an NGO.According to Rescue, the Bangalore-based NGO that has been campaigning for a ban on porn sites, children as young as 10 years watch porn. Citing the survey it conducted among 400 students from 10 city colleges, the NGO said there was a growing number of youth watching violent pornography."Boys who start watching porn from their teenage years, get bored very quickly and start watching child porn or videos with violent content,'' said the NGO's CEO Abishek Clifford, releasing the findings at a press conference on Friday.However, college students, counsellors and activists say the report should be taken with a pinch of salt as the NGO's findings were too startling and seemingly improbable. For instance, the report says 70% of students who were surveyed had watched porn from the age of 10 years. Besides, 31% of the boys interviewed watched violent porn content and 93% of the boys admitted that porn was as addictive as drugs while 86% of the boys admitted that watching porn does lead to sexual activities.Some college students have trashed the findings. "It is a matter of fact that college students watch porn. But getting addicted to it is quite rare," said Sathyadev Giri, a college student. The finding that watching porn leads to sexual activities in 86 % of boys also seems far fetched,'' said Karunya Sharma, another student*.Student counsellors admit that porn addiction is becoming a problem but say the numbers given by the NGO might be an exaggeration. "Porn addiction is becoming a huge problem among young and middle-aged men," said student counsellor, R Godhanavalli.At the same time, activists say banning and blaming porn for sexual abuse would be 'hypocritical'. "Children are exposed to so much sex and violence on mainstream TV, so it would be hypocritical to blame porn," said activist V Geetha . "They are sexualized at such a young age on TV, singing raunchy songs and dancing in an inappropriate manner. This is a frightening trend," they added.
Seventy years ago, a middle-aged man walked into a BBC radio studio in London to record the first of a series of talks that would radically change the way mothers thought about parenting. The 50 or so broadcasts made by paediatrician and psychoanalyst Donald Winnicott between 1943 and 1962 on a wide range of subjects – from feeding and weaning to jealousy and stealing – popularised their psychoanalytic thinking on the relationship between babies and their mothers to such an extent that some of their catchphrases, such as the good enough mother and the transitional object, have entered everyday speech.
Winnicott abhorred the idea of giving advice. They believed that when mothers tried to do things by the book – or by the wireless: "They lose touch with their own ability to act without knowing exactly what is right and what is wrong." Yet today there are far more parenting advice books (each with their own regime to promote) than 30 years ago, and the radio and TV schedules are full of programmes such as Supernanny, which train a critical eye on what are generally called parents but most of us understand to be mothers. It sometimes seems it is mothers, rather than children, who are being dispatched to the naughty step.
How did we get from the benign Dr Winnicott to the admonishing Jo Frost? And do we really need this bloated parenting advice industry in the age of Mumsnet?
Winnicott feared that focusing on pathological families rather than "the ordinary devoted mother and their baby" (the title of their most famous series) could excite anxiety in listeners without access to therapy. "I cannot tell you exactly what to do," they said, "but I can talk about what it all means." And so they did, extolling the role of the good enough mother – one who can be loved, hated and depended on – in enabling the baby to develop into a healthy, independent, adult. While many of today's parenting gurus focus on a child's deviant behaviour and the contribution of supposed misparenting, Winnicott tried to help mothers understand the significance of their child's behaviour, whether it was "cloth-sucking" or a display of jealousy, and the ways that they instinctively contained their child's anxieties.
Their talks were published as a book, The Child, the Family and the Outside World, which is still enthused over decades later. One reason for the success of their talks was the (subsequently rather neglected) role of their female producers, Janet Quigley and Isa Benzie, who steered the talks from idea to microphone, and not only made suggestions that Winnicott incorporated in their scripts, but monitored them for sentiments that could generate guilt in the listener-mother. Another reason Winnicott's talks have so endured was their ability to communicate both simply and vividly to a non-professional audience, albeit in a voice so high-pitched that many listeners thought they were a woman (he broadcast anonymously, as did all doctors at the time).
Some of the ideas of Donald Winnicott, above, are still in common use – the good enough mother and the transitional object.
Winnicott's popularity, and that of Susan Isaacs, a psychotherapist who broadcast before them and was a columnist for the magazine Nursery World, was part of a reaction against the earlier stern parenting advice of Frederic Truby King, the Gina Ford of their day, who enjoined mothers to breastfeed by the clock – four-hourly feeds, with baby left untouched in the fresh air in between. Although some say more mothers knew about the Truby King system than practised it, others felt guilty because of their inability to adhere to it. Or, in the words of an editorial in Childhood, a magazine launched in 1947 for "modern parents": "Mothers would sit in misery listening to their hungry infants screaming for anything from 10 minutes to a couple of hours, until the wretched clock reached the appointed time."
Disciplinarian advice has alternated with liberal advice ever since: for every Gina Ford advocating controlled crying, there has been a liberal antidote – a Dr Spock or Penelope Leach – although sometimes it is hard to distinguish the liberal from the prescriptive: British psychologist John Bowlby, for instance, was liberal about children's behaviour, but less so when it came to that of mothers.
The high-priestess of behaviourist parenting is Channel 4's Supernanny, a makeover programme that has applied the formula of reality TV to parenting and which, according to a 2008 survey, has been watched by 72% of parents. With its roster of rules (some of which, such as the "One Strike and You're Out," sound as if they belong in a remand facility rather than a home), it suggests a quick-fix to parenting problems, irrespective of the particularities of the child or parent.
Tracey Jensen, lecturer in media and cultural studies at Newcastle University, says Supernanny reverses Winnicott, offering up the spectacle of the "bad enough mother", usually working-class, who is shamed before they are transformed. Jensen watched the programme with a group of mothers, relieved that it was not their parenting practices being scrutinised, but those of someone else onto whom all their own worries and fears could be displaced. But they also shouted back at the programme, discomfited by the judgment and humiliation meted out to the mothers featured. Such series foster the very anxiety they claim to assuage, and substitute "training" for thinking and feeling.
While each successive era's ideas about motherhood have had a political and economic dimension, the proliferation of parenting manuals and programmes such as Supernanny signals something else: a moral panic over parenting that feeds into the narrative of "broken Britain", in which "faulty" parenting is the cause of everything from obesity to educational failure and even divorce. Jensen says: "It's a very common narrative that we're going through a parenting crisis. There's a lot of nostalgia in there – that our parents knew how to parent us, and that our grandparents knew how to parent them," even though all the evidence suggests that parents today spend more time with their children and are more attentive to them than previous generations. Leaving children unsupervised – standard practice in the 1960s – is now seen as evidence of neglect.
Of course the parenting advice industry has not just ideas, but products to sell – you can actually buy a naughty step, aka a Time Out Pad, solving parenting dilemmas by shopping. But even if you strive to resist their messages, contends Jensen, programmes such as Supernanny create a system of self-surveillance in which mothers scrutinise their every decision, thereby generating yet more anxiety.
So what about Mumsnet: hasn't it rendered the parenting expert obsolete? Many who regularly post on the messageboard applaud the generous support they have received from other mothers whom they have never met in person: in this respect it resembles not so much a parenting manual as a virtual version of a mother's coffee-morning or a natter over the fence of old. And yet there have also been accusations, as with any website, of bitchiness and bullying. At its best a 24-hour source of information from a million big sisters, at its worst it offers a million people who are sure they have the answer … This democratisation of knowledge has allowed mothers to challenge professional expertise – a welcome power shift to Jensen, but one with the potential to produce an exponential amount of anxiety.
The age of unselfconscious mothering seems over, at least for now. The mantra intoned by many of today's parenting gurus is "trust your instincts" – but only after you have bought their book or DVD giving you permission to do so. But then Winnicott, too, was in a somewhat contradictory position, as a paediatrician and psychoanalyst who endorsed mothers as specialists in child-rearing.
Naomi Stadlen, psychotherapist and author of What Mothers Do – Especially When it Looks Like Nothing, argues that mothers spend all day listening to their children, but often aren't listened to themselves. Mothers, Stadlen suggests, only turn dogmatic or bossy when they feel cornered or unsure of themselves. Now that seems like an anxiety-reducing explanation with which Winnicott would have entirely agreed.
• Anne Karpf presents Archive on 4: From Donald Winnicott to the Naughty Step on BBC Radio 4 at 8pm on 4 May
If you want to learn more about the different Tom Clancy's The Division game editions and pre-order bonuses (Attention: Release is on March 8th, 2016), or simply can't decide which one to buy, then take a closer look at our overview below.
Please also notice that some of them are only available in certain regions or countries.
Are you looking for The Division 2's editions?
Standard Edition
More versions as well as the Season Pass can be found here.
Gold Edition
The Gold Edition contains
Buy now
Collector's Edition
The Collector's Edition named “Sleeper Agent Edition” contains
Main game
Season Pass
National Guard Gear Set (Day 1 Unlock)
(Day 1 Unlock) “Save What Remains”-Poster
Artbook
Armband
Full functional agent smartwatch replica with glow effect
Buy now
Unboxing
Smartwatch Unboxing
Here's a short video made by a fan who won the smartwatch at Milan Games Week. The unboxing process starts at 01:00 and gives a good view of the watch case itself and how the orange glowing display looks like. The watch doesn't only show the time, but comes with the following functionality:
Stopwatch
Alarm
Timer
World clock mode
Season Pass
Tom Clancy's The Division will also come with a Season Pass including dozens of content drops, events and much more. Find out more about it here.
Buy now
National Guard Gear Set
Every player will be able to unlock the National Guard Gear Set sometime during the game's progress, while buyers of the Season Pass, which implies the Gold Edition, Sleeper Agent Edition and “SHD Edition” Steelbook [AU], can use it on day one.
Furthermore this gear set has nothing to do with any of the available pre-order bonuses.
National Guard outfit
Go Bag (with increased Armor Perk)
POF P416 Assault Rifle (+ Skin)
Limited Edition [UK]
The video games retailer GAME has an exclusive limited edition in its offer, that is sadly for the consoles Xbox One and PS4 only and consists of main game plus two additional DLC packs. The packaging might look like a bit misleading, but both packs listed below seem to be actually part of it.
Firefighter Pack
Featuring a unique look for your agent, a Go-Bag that increases resistance to burn damage and early access to this exclusive custom skinned Super 90 shotgun.
Firefighter Pants
Firefighter Jacket
Black Cap
Go-Bag with increased burn damage resilience
Super 90 Shotgun
Police Pack
Featuring a unique look for your agent, a Go-Bag with increased ammo capacity and early access to this exclusive custom skinned M870 shotgun.
Cargo Pants
Police Jacket
Black Police Beanie
Go-Bag with increased ammo capacity
M870 Shotgun
Exclusive Edition [RU]
The Tom Clancy's The Division Exclusive Edition (ЭКСКЛЮЗИВНОЕ ИЗДАНИЕ) is sadly only available in Russia and currently listed for just 2499 Rubel ~ € 30,63 in the shop OZON.ru and also purchasable through the game's official website.
The Exclusive Edition contains
Main game with the Limited Edition box art
Steelbook
“Save What Remains”-Poster
4 gear set packs Survival kit NY Firefighter pack NY Police pack NY Paramedic pack
Exclusive Steelbook Edition [SEA]
This is an exclusive steelbook edition for (South East) Asian regions. Unfortunately we haven't found a single place where it's available to buy and the following video is the only information we have got about it. More about its announcement.
“SHD Edition” Steelbook [AU]
EB Games Australia as well as Amazon.de have a special Steelbook version of the game in their offer. Also mentionable is, that the version at EB Games additionally includes the Season Pass.
Pre-Order Bonuses
Guaranteed Beta-Access
Standard Pre-Order Bonus
For pre-ordering the game you will receive a guaranteed Beta-Access. The beta starts this December on Xbox One first and will be available on PC and PS4 early 2016.
“Hazmat” Gear Set
Standard Pre-Order Bonus
Also the “Hazmat” DLC-package is available when pre-ordering the game and contains the following items:
Hazmat outfit
Hazmat Go-Bag (with increased Health Skills)
POF P416 Assault Rifle (+ Skin)
The “Hazmat” Gear Set as well as other gear sets and pre-order bonuses from the Season Pass can be redeemed by unlocking your Base of Operations first and then speaking to the Rewards Claim Vendor who is located inside.
Uplay Shop Steelbook
Uplay Shop Exclusive Pre-Order Bonus
An exclusive Steelbook can be grabbed in the Uplay Shop, in case you have chosen a version with physical disks.
3 Skin Packs [CH]
This pre-order bonus was spotted in a Swiss store called World of Games. They are offering 3 skin packs in total, including the New York Paramedic, Police and Firefighter pack.
The contents of the Paramedic pack are pretty much comparable with those of the Hazmat gear set (Standard pre-order bonus) and National Guard set (Gold Edition only) and the other two packs. It contains the following items:
Paramedic Pants
Paramedic Jacket
Paramedic Cap
Go-Bag with increased healing
POF P416 Assault Rifle (+ Skin)
GameStop Steelbook [DE, AT, CH]
You will receive a steelbook if you pre-order at GameStop (Germany, Austria and Switzerland).
Economists have become increasingly interested in hypotheses from sociobiology as a source of inspiration for filling gaps in the economic model of behavior. To avoid borrowing eclectically and arbitrarily from neighboring disciplines, this paper attempts to outline in a systematic way the similarities and differences between the approaches taken in economics and sociobiology. In doing so, special attention is given to an empirical theory of preferences that is lacking in economics. Here, inspiration from sociobiology would seem to be particularly useful. The considerations in the paper suggest that sociobiological arguments may indeed be helpful, albeit at a very elementary level only. A more comprehensive theory cannot ignore the influences of innate learning mechanisms in higher living beings. An elaborated theory of preferences in economics will have to acknowledge and incorporate insights from behavioral psychology.
PRESCOTT, Ariz. (CN) – A mining advocacy group claims the recent withdrawal from new mining claims of more than 1 million public acres north of the Grand Canyon violates a host of federal laws and puts an illegal burden on its members and their hundreds of mining claims in the region.
The Northwest Mining Association, based in Spokane, Wash., sued the Secretaries of the Interior and Agriculture, and Bureau of Land Management and the U.S. Forest Service, in Federal Court.
Secretary of the Interior Ken Salazar in January removed large portions of Northern Arizona's Kaibab National Forest and other public lands north of Grand Canyon National Park from new hard-rock mining claims for 20 years, to protect the Grand Canyon and the Colorado River watershed.
The decision, which came after 2 years of study and public comment, did not affect existing and previously approved uranium mines, leaving more than 3,000 mining claims in the withdrawal area.
The National Mining Association and the Nuclear Energy Institute sued the federal government in late February, seeking to vacate the move. The new complaint, from the Northwest Mining Association (NWMA), was filed by Mountain States Legal Foundation, of Lakewood, Colo.
The NWMA claims that its members “have properly located and currently maintain hundreds of unpatented mining claims on and near the Arizona Strip,” a vast, lonely region north of the Grand Canyon near the Utah border.
“Virtually all of these claims are located within the over 1 million acres of federal lands withdrawn by defendants,” the complaint states. “But for the withdrawal, NWMA's members would seek to locate additional claims on the withdrawn lands. Accordingly, NWMA and its members have suffered injury in fact and are adversely affected and/or aggrieved by defendants' withdrawal.”
The group claims that comments collected during the environmental review process suggest that “uranium mining is not an environmental threat to the Grand Canyon or the Colorado River watershed,” and that “the extent of the uranium resources and the economic impact associated with a withdrawal were grossly underestimated.”
Mountain States Legal Foundation spokesperson William Perry Pendley in a statement: “Secretary Salazar's decision is particularly outrageous because one of their own agencies, the U.S. Geological Survey, estimates that the withdrawn lands contain uranium that, if mined to capacity, would generate electricity to power Los Angeles for 154 years.”
The group seeks judicial review, claiming the withdrawal of lands violated the Federal Land Policy and Management Act, the National Forest Management Act and the National Environmental Policy Act.
NWMA is represented by Steven Lechner and Jeffrey McCoy, with the Mountain States Legal Foundation.
Like this: Like Loading...
(CNN) According to a golf writer, then-citizen Donald Trump in 2000 reportedly offered a vulgar commentary on a woman passing by, and did so with little regard for who might overhear.
Writer Michael Corcoran told CNN's Erin Burnett during a Friday interview that Trump made the remark to them during a 36-hour visit to Mar-a-Lago 17 years ago,
"We just finished playing golf, and we were sitting around on the outdoor patio area, eating area, at the golf club," said Corcoran, who was in Florida working on a profile on Trump. "An attractive young woman walked by and they sort of ... sighed and said, 'There's, you know, there's just nothing in the world like first-rate p-word.'"
In their aired interview, Corcoran paused before saying "p-word," indicating they were sanitizing what they say Trump actually said.
According to Corcoran, there was no secrecy about the remark, and it could have easily been heard by any number of people in the general vicinity.
Read More
Cortana, Microsoft's personal digital assistant, is being updated a fast pace. With new updates coming out every month, it's clear that the company is extremely dedicated to the platform.
For the month of November, it looks like a huge update has been released that now allows Cortana to work in Spanish. For anyone who speaks this language, the benefits are quite obvious. Of course, this isn't the first time we have seen Cortana speak another language as they have already tried their hand at Klingon.
​The information comes from WindowsPhoneapps.es who says that they have not been able to reproduce the image you see above, but clearly, someone was able to get Cortana to expand them horizons. They received the image as a tip from one of their readers.
We will keep our eyes open to see if any more reports surface about a Spanish Cortana rolling out, but for now, it looks like the early stages of the release are occurring.
Source: WindowsPhoneapps.es | Thanks for the tip Anthony!
White British al-Qaida members said to have died in Hellfire missile strike by US drone near town of Datta Khel
The Foreign Office was investigating reports last night that two white British al-Qaida members had been killed in a drone attack in Pakistan. The Britons are said to have died in a Hellfire missile strike by a remote-controlled US Predator drone near the town of Datta Khel five days ago.
The militants, aged 48 and 25, using the pseudonyms Abu Bakr and Mansoor Ahmed, were apparently in a vehicle in the mountainous region with two other fighters at the time.
The Foreign Office said: "We are aware of media reports of the death of two British nationals in Pakistan. Our high commission in Pakistan is seeking further information on these reports."
If confirmed, the men, one of whom apparently originally had the name Steve, would be the first white British converts to have been killed in the area.
The pair came to Pakistan last year and travelled to a town in North Waziristan in the tribal belt bordering Afghanistan to join al-Qaida, Channel Four news reported.
Another British militant, Abdul Jabber, who was of Asian descent, died in September in a drone attack. Along with their brother, they were allegedly suspected of planning attacks on European cities.
There have been at least 25 US drone attacks in Pakistan since then, killing around 50 people. The tactic has been stepped up as the US attempts to tackle groups of fighters in Pakistani villages and compounds.
The strikes are not officially acknowledged by the CIA and are a subject of lively debate inside the US system, the WikiLeaks diplomatic cables have shown. Last year ambassador Anne Patterson argued that increased "unilateral operations" risked "destabilising the Pakistani state" and ultimately hindering the US goal of expelling al-Qaida from the region.
North Waziristan is home to hundreds of Pakistani and foreign Islamist militants, many belonging to or allied with al-Qaida and the Taliban. The region also hosts the Haqqani network, a powerful insurgent group that US officials say is behind many of the attacks on US and Nato forces across the border in Afghanistan.
Today, we're excited to introduce IntelliJ IDEA 2016.1, the first update in the series of releases planned for 2016. We hope you'll be surprised to find out how much we've managed to accomplish in four months. Download the new version today and try all the new features for yourself. Read this post to learn about the major improvements.
New Features
Debugger
Evaluate Expression and Watches now accept Groovy expressions when debugging Java code. This may be convenient due to the compactness of Groovy, especially when working with collections.
If the current thread is blocked by another suspended thread, the IDE will suggest resuming it.
Previously Resume used to resume all suspended threads. Now you can change this behavior to only resume the current thread.
If the IDE notices that the source code is different from that being executed, it warns you to help prevent time waste or errors.
VCS
The IDE now supports git worktrees introduced in Git 2.5 to simplify working with multiple revisions of a single repository.
The Branches menu offers two new actions: Checkout with Rebase and Rename. Checkout with Rebase is faster than performing the two actions separately.
Merging and comparing revisions just got easier with the added by-word difference highlighting.
Editor
The code editor introduces a new action to re-order method arguments, array elements and tag attributes: Move Element Right/Left (Alt+Ctrl+Shift+Arrows or Alt+Cmd+Shift+Arrows for OS X).
Static methods and constants are now auto-imported in the same way as classes – with a single press of Alt+Enter.
The Add unambiguous imports on the fly option now works for static methods and constants.
The code editor supports right-to-left languages (Arabic, Hebrew).
Gradle
The project model of the IDE is now aligned with that of Gradle: each source set of a Gradle project is now a separate module in the IDE – and may have its own dependencies. This change has solved many issues reported by our users.
As with WAR artifacts, the IDE is now able to automatically configure EAR artifacts found in the build script.
Java 8
Inline Method and Change Signature now transform related method references in the project to lambda expressions.
New inspections added to ensure the code using java.util.Optional, lambda expressions and functional interfaces is safe.
If you use Guava, the IDE will offer replacing FluentIterable, Function, Optional and Predicate to the corresponding Java 8 APIs.
Kotlin
IntelliJ IDEA 2016.1 bundles Kotlin 1.0. Kotlin is compatible with Java 6/7/8, Android and any other Java frameworks (e.g. Java EE, Spring) and build tools (e.g. Gradle, Maven). Kotlin can be used with existing Java projects. Starting with v1.0, Kotlin is backward-compatible.
To make learning Kotlin more fun, we've developed Kotlin Edu–a plugin that lets you take interactive Kotlin learning courses.
Scala
Code completion is more relevant now as it respects the type of symbols, their definition scope and their usage. The IDE prioritizes local variables, then parameters, then fields, then methods, etc. If the IDE expects a type, it will also take that into account.
Also, code completion now suggests property names for case classes within pattern matching statements.
JavaScript
Support for ES6 and TypeScript gets better with new refactorings (Create Method, Extract Method, Inline Method and Introduce Field), intention actions (Make Class Abstract, Make public/private and Remove Modifier), highlighting of unused imports, and working Optimize Imports. Completion adds imports automatically.
TypeScript 1.8 is supported.
AngularJS 2 support adds coding assistance for event and property bindings, and completion inside data bindings. Code insight and navigation are available for directives, variables defined in templates, custom event handlers, and paths in templateUrl and styleUrls fields.
The IDE now understands components defined using the new AngularJS 1.5 module.component() method helper.
The debugger for Chrome makes it easier to debug asynchronous client-side code. It allows you to stop at inline ES6 arrow functions, and to stop at the breakpoints set in web and service workers.
Spring Frameworks
Support for Spring Boot adds coding assistance within YML and banner.txt files. @SpringApplicationConfiguration is respected when creating run configurations for tests. ‘Find usages' is now working for configuration properties defined by user.
Working with Spring MVC is improved with added support for @EnableWebMvc.
Many issues reported by our users have been fixed.
Thymeleaf
The IDE now offers coding assistance for user-defined dialects. Thymeleaf 3.0 is supported.
Android
It is now possible to profile leaked activities and use new lint checks added in Android Studio 1.5.
Others
The Terminal tool window now offers Quick search via Ctrl+F (Cmd+F for OS X).
The Docker plugin has been improved in many ways, including Docker Machine support, a separate tool window, right-side panel to see logs and manage environment variables and port bindings, and more.
IntelliJ Platform has migrated to Java 8 which means plugin developers can now use Java 8 features in their code.
For more details on the new features and improvements, please read the What's new page, where you can also download the edition of your choice.
New versioning
As we announced earlier, with this release we're changing the versioning scheme and moving away from one “major” release per year to several “equal” releases per year. Also, we're aligning releases and version numbers across all products under JetBrains Toolbox. The new versioning will follow the format “YYYY.R” where yyyy represents the year, and “r” the release within that year. For more details on the new versioning, read this blog post.
UPDATE: If you're running IntelliJ IDEA 15 Ultimate, you can sometimes see a confusing message in the Updates dialog, saying that you can evaluate the new version for 30 days, or buy a license key or upgrade online–regardless to the active state of your subscription. We apologize for this, and promise to fix it in the minor update that we'll be releasing within several days.
—
The JetBrains Team
The Drive to Develop
Terror suspects, fugitives and radical speakers have passed through the Cambridge mosque that the Tsarnaev brothers are known to have visited.
Pakistani protesters rally near the U.S. Consulate to condemn the arrest of alleged al-Qaeda suspect Aafia Siddiqui on Sept. 23, 2010, in Karachi, Pakistan. (Photo: Shakil Adil, AP) Story Highlights Cambridge mosque was founded in 1982 by students at MIT, Harvard and other Boston-area schools
Affiliated with Muslim American Society, which federal prosecutors call an "overt arm" of Muslim Brotherhood
More than half of the $15.5 million used to found the Boston mosque came from Saudi sources
BOSTON — The mosque attended by the two brothers accused in the Boston Marathon double bombing has been associated with other terrorism suspects, has invited radical speakers to a sister mosque in Boston and is affiliated with a Muslim group that critics say nurses grievances that can lead to extremism.
Several people who attended the Islamic Society of Boston mosque in Cambridge, Mass., have been investigated for Islamic terrorism, including a conviction of the mosque's first president, Abdulrahman Alamoudi, in connection with an assassination plot against a Saudi prince.
Its sister mosque in Boston, known as the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center, has invited guests who have defended terrorism suspects. A former trustee appears in a series of videos in which they advocate treating gays as criminals, says husbands should sometimes beat their wives and calls on Allah (God) to kill Zionists and Jews, according to Americans for Peace and Tolerance, an interfaith group that has investigated the mosques.
The head of the group is among critics who say the two mosques teach a brand of Islamic thought that encourages grievances against the West, distrust of law enforcement and opposition to Western forms of government, dress and social values.
"We don't know where these boys were radicalized, but this mosque has a curriculum that radicalizes people. Other people have been radicalized there," said the head of the group, Charles Jacobs.
Yusufi Vali, executive director at the Islamic Society of Boston Cultural Center, insists their mosque does not spread radical ideology and cannot be blamed for the acts of a few worshipers.
"If there were really any worry about us being extreme," Vali said, U.S. law enforcement agencies such as the FBI and Departments of Justice and Homeland Security would not partner with the Muslim American Society and the Boston mosque in conducting monthly meetings that have been ongoing for four years, they said, in an apparent reference to U.S. government outreach programs in the Muslim community.
The Cambridge and Boston mosques, separated by the Charles River, are owned by the same entity but managed individually. The imam of the Cambridge mosque, Sheik Basyouny Nehela, is on the board of directors of the Boston mosque.
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev and their brother, Tamerlan Tsarnaev, attended the Cambridge mosque for services and are accused of setting two bombs that killed three people and injured at least 264 others at the April 15 Boston Marathon.
The FBI has not indicated that either mosque was involved in any criminal activity, but mosque attendees and officials have been implicated in terrorist activity:
• Alamoudi, who signed the articles of incorporation as the Cambridge mosque's president, was sentenced to 23 years in federal court in Alexandria, Va., in 2004 for their role as a facilitator in what federal prosecutors called a Libyan assassination plot against then-crown prince Abdullah of Saudi Arabia. Abdullah is now the Saudi king.
Aafia Siddiqui is shown after their graduation from Massachusetts Institute of Technology. (Photo: AP)
• Aafia Siddiqui, who occasionally prayed at the Cambridge mosque, was arrested in Afghanistan in 2008 while in possession of cyanide canisters and plans for a chemical attack in New York City. They tried to grab a rifle while in detention and shot at military officers and FBI agents, for which they were convicted in New York in 2010 and is serving an 86-year sentence.
The 2009 booking photo of Tarek Mehanna, of Sudbury, Mass. (Photo: Sudbury Police Department via AP)
• Tarek Mehanna, who worshiped at the Cambridge mosque, was sentenced in 2012 to 17 years in prison for conspiring to aid al-Qaeda. Mehanna had traveled to Yemen to seek terrorist training and plotted to use automatic weapons to shoot up a mall in the Boston suburbs, federal investigators in Boston alleged.
• Ahmad Abousamra, the son of a former vice president of the Muslim American Society Boston Abdul-Badi Abousamra, was identified by the FBI as Mehanna's co-conspirator. They fled to Syria and is wanted by the FBI on charges of providing support to terrorists and conspiracy to kill Americans in a foreign country.
• Jamal Badawi of Canada, a former trustee of the Islamic Society of Boston Trust, which owns both mosques, was named as a non-indicted co-conspirator in the 2007 Holy Land Foundation terrorism trial in Texas over the funneling of money to Hamas, which is the Palestinian wing of the Muslim Brotherhood.
What both mosques have in common is an affiliation with the Muslim American Society, an organization founded in 1993 that describes itself as an American Islamic revival movement. It has also been described by federal prosecutors in court as the "overt arm" of the Muslim Brotherhood, which calls for Islamic law and is the parent organization of Hamas, a U.S.-designated terrorist group.
Critics say the Muslim American Society promotes a fraught relationship with the United States, expressed in part by the pattern discussed by Americans for Progress and Tolerance in which adherents are made to feel cut off from their home country and to identify with a global Islamist political community rather than with America.
Zuhdi Jasser, president of the American Islamic Forum for Democracy, said the radical teachings often follow a theme of recitation of grievances that Islam has with the West, advocacy against U.S. foreign policy and terrorism prosecutions, and efforts "to evangelize Islam in order to improve Western society that is secularized," they say.
Jasser, a veteran of the U.S. Navy and author of the 2012 book A Battle for the Soul of Islam: An American Muslim Patriot Fights to Save Their Faith, says the teachings make some followers feel "like their national identity is completely absent and hollow, and that vacuum can be filled by (radical) Islamic ideology, which is supremacist and looks upon the West as evil."
The Cambridge mosque was founded in 1982 by students at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Harvard and several other Boston-area schools, according to a profile by the Pluralism Project at Harvard University. Its members founded the sister mosque in Boston in 2009.
The leadership of the two mosques is intertwined, and the ideology they teach is the same, Jacobs said. Ilya Feoktistov, director of research at Americans for Peace and Tolerance, said much of the money to create the Boston mosque came not from local Muslims but from foreign sources.
More than half of the $15.5 million used to found the Boston mosque came from Saudi sources, Feoktistov said, who cites financial documents that Jacobs' group obtained when the mosque sued it for defamation. The lawsuit was later dropped.
Vali said that the vast majority of total donors were in the United States and that "no donations were accepted if the donor wanted to have any decision-making influence (even if benign)."
Vali characterized Americans for Peace and Tolerance and its founder, Jacobs, as anti-Muslim activists who spread "lies and half-truths in order to attack and marginalize much of the local Muslim community and many of its institutions."
"It's the new McCarthyism in full swing," they said.
Sheik Basyouny Nehela, the imam of the Cambridge mosque, which is located across the Charles River from Boston, is on the board of directors for the Muslim American Society of Boston, which runs the Boston mosque. The Tsarnaevs attended the Cambridge mosque.
A statement issued by the Cambridge mosque said the Tsarnaev brothers were "occasional visitors." The mosque's office manager, Nichole Mossalam, said neither brother expressed radical views. "They never exhibited any violent sentiments or behaviors. Otherwise, they would have been reported," Mossalam said.
The Cambridge mosque said Tsarnaev, 26, who died Thursday night in a shootout with police, "disagreed with the moderate American-Islamic theology" of the mosque. Tsarnaev challenged an imam who said in their sermon that it was appropriate to celebrate U.S. national holidays and was told to stop such outbursts, the mosque said in a statement.
Talal Eid, a Muslim chaplain at Brandeis University, said focusing on individual radicals that prayed in a building is unfair.
"In 2011, the two brothers were right under the nose of the FBI and they didn't find anything," Eid said, who never met the Tsarnaevs. "How do you want me as an imam to know enough to tell them they are not welcome here? How can I figure out those people have that kind of criminal intent?"
The Muslim American Society says on its website that it is independent of the Muslim Brotherhood. However, early Brotherhood literature is considered "the foundational texts for the intellectual component for Islamic work in America," the website states.
Jacobs says claims of moderate Islam do not square with the mosque's classic jihadi texts in its library and its hosting of radical speakers.
Jacobs said Ahmed Mansour, their co-director at Americans for Peace and Tolerance, found writings by Syed Qutb, the former leader of the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, and other jihadi texts at the Cambridge mosque's library when Mansour went there in 2003. Qutb pioneered the radical violent ideology espoused by al-Qaeda.
Yusuf al Qaradawi, the Muslim Brotherhood spiritual leader who espouses radical views in videos collected by Jacobs' group, was listed as a trustee on the Cambridge mosque's IRS filings until 2000, and on the mosque's website until 2003, when they addressed congregants via recorded video message to raise money for the Boston mosque, according to a screenshot of the announcement that Feoktistov provided.
Vali said Qaradawi was listed as an honorary trustee years ago only because their scholarship and high esteem in Muslim circles would help with fundraising.
Yasir Qadhi, who lectured at the Boston mosque in April 2009, has advocated replacing U.S. democracy with Islamic rule and called Christians "filthy" polytheists whose "life and prosperity … holds no value in the state of Jihad," according to a video obtained by Jacobs' group.
Vali said Qadhi was a guest of a non-profit organization that was renting space at the Boston mosque and has changed their views since that video was made.
Jacobs and others say it is not only renters who express sympathetic views for terrorists. Leaders of the Boston and Cambridge mosques, and invited guests, have advocated on behalf of convicted terrorists, urging followers to seek their release or lenient sentences.
Imam Abdullah Faaruuq, sometimes a spokesperson for the Boston mosque, used Siddiqui's case to speak against the USA Patriot Act, the anti-terrorism law passed under the George W. Bush administration. "After they're done with (Siddiqui), they are going to come to your door if they feel like it," they said, according to a video obtained by Americans for Peace and Tolerance.
Anwar Kazmi, a member of the Cambridge mosque's board of trustees, called for leniency for Mehanna and Siddiqui at a Boston rally in February 2012, in a video posted to YouTube. They characterized Siddiqui's 86-year sentence as excessive.
In an interview with USA TODAY, Kazmi insisted that the Cambridge mosque is moderate and condemns the marathon bombings. On Monday, the mosque e-mailed members to caution them that the FBI may question them and that they may want to seek representation.
"This kind of violence, terrorism, it's just completely contrary to the spirit of Islam," Kasmi said. "The words in the Quran say if anybody kills even a single human being without just cause, it's as if you've killed all of humanity."
Contributing: Yamiche Alcindor
Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/XUbEwj
The “Five-Minute Tunnel” will experience about five months of repairs, from January 2 to early May 2017.
The Baker-Barry Tunnel, a main artery into the Marin Headlands, will be entirely closed to all users (motorists, cyclists, and pedestrians) for the duration of the project. This will affect access to destinations such as:
Marin Headlands Visitor Center
Headlands Center for the Arts
Rodeo Lagoon/Rodeo Beach
Fort Cronkhite
Golden Gate Raptor Observatory
Marine Mammal Center
Battery Townsley
Nike Missile Site
Point Bonita
Although these locations still may be accessed via Conzelman Road, that route is expected to see heavy traffic and congestion. In addition, parking at Battery Spencer—as well as pull-outs on Conzelman Road (east of the McCullough Road traffic circle)—will be closed until early May.
Visitors are strongly encouraged to avoid Conzelman during peak times: weekday rush hours from 3 to 7 pm, and weekends (especially after 2 pm). For photographers looking to shoot the Golden Gate Bridge, park officials recommend Fort Baker and Crissy Field as alternatives.
The closure is necessary to complete numerous safety improvements to the historic tunnel. Crews will repair the concrete (leaks have led to the hazardous slick surface in the tunnel), and replace aging water and sewer lines that have been vulnerable to breaks, causing closures over the years.
The project will also install brighter LED lights, improving visibility for cyclists and motorists alike. The tunnel has been the single largest user of energy in Golden Gate National Recreation Area, and the new system will reduce energy consumption by 40 percent.
“Short-term inconvenience will lead to significant long-term gains in safety and sustainability,” said Nathan Hale Sargent, a National Park Service spokesperson for Golden Gate. “We thank our community members for their patience and understanding during this important project.”
For more information and the latest updates on the closure (and scheduled reopening), visit http://go.nps.gov/tunnel.
The BBC had quietly lifted its own ban on any depiction of the Prophet Mohammed before the Paris terrorist atrocities, the corporation has disclosed.
Official guidelines previously published online said that the Prophet revered by Muslims “must not be represented in any shape or form” in BBC output.
Those rules were read out on air by David Dimbleby, the Question Time presenter, on Thursday last week.
But images of cartoons featured in the French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo, where 12 people were murdered by Jihadist terrorists last Wednesday, had already been shown in BBC news coverage earlier that day.
It led to confusion on air over the BBC's own rules in the wake of the Paris atrocities.
The corporation has now clarified its stance, insisting that the guidelines were already considered out of date and are in the process of being revised. Copies of the original guidance including a blanket ban on depictions of Mohammed have been removed from the BBC's website
It insisted that the change had come about before the Paris attacks.
A spokesperson said: “This guidance is old, out of date and does not reflect the BBC's long-standing position that programme makers have freedom to exercise their editorial judgment with the editorial policy team available to provide advice around sensitive issues on a case-by-case basis.
“The guidance is currently being revised.”
Media playback is unsupported on your device Media caption Education Secretary Nicky Morgan: "If we don't get it right at primary, then it becomes much harder for children to catch up"
All children in England will be expected to know up to their 12 times table when they leave primary school, the government has announced.
Education Secretary Nicky Morgan said pupils aged 11 should also know correct punctuation, spelling and grammar.
Labour said the "surest way" to raise standards was to improve the quality of teaching in the classroom.
Mrs Morgan indicated the Conservatives would ring-fence most of the schools budget if they won May's election.
'Master the basics'
Under the Conservatives' plans, pupils would not be made to re-sit planned new tests until they passed, but the school could be subject to measures if they failed.
A school that failed to get every pupil to pass the tests for two years running could be paired with an outstanding school to gain extra support. It could also become part of a teacher swap where heads of departments from good schools take over temporarily.
"We have to be ambitious for our young people. If you don't get it right at primary, then it becomes much harder for children to catch up at secondary school," Mrs Morgan told BBC 1's Andrew Marr show.
Key Stage Two tests already include questions on times tables and long division but pupils are given an overall mark, not for individual sections.
Mrs Morgan plans to make times tables a separate section within the maths test.
Analysis by political correspondent Robin Brant
Image copyright EPA Image caption Nicky Morgan's undertaking to protect school budgets raises the question of where the axe will fall
Promising to protect spending on schools in England is not a big surprise. The Tories had already pledged to increase it to £53bn this year, and the Lib Dems have already gone further, saying they'd extend it to two to 19-year-olds.
But Nicky Morgan's nod on TV this morning leads to the inevitable question: where will the next round of cuts come, then? If school spending in England is protected, as well as the NHS and international aid, what will the Conservatives cut further to hit their deficit target?
The generals at the MoD will fear it will be them again - although the evidence on welfare suggests they may want to go further there too.
For the record, Labour has said it plans to get the deficit down "as soon as possible" in the next five years but it is yet to lay out its specific plans for education spending.
In an article for the Sunday Times, Mrs Morgan wrote that they would "launch a war on illiteracy and innumeracy."
"We will expect every pupil by the age of 11 to know their times tables off by heart, to perform long division and complex multiplication and to be able to read a novel," they said.
"They should be able to write a short story with accurate punctuation, spelling and grammar.
"Some will say this is an old-fashioned view, but I say that giving every child the chance to master the basics and succeed in life is a fundamental duty of any government."
In a wide-ranging interview, Mrs Morgan was asked about money and appeared to suggest the schools budget for pupils aged five to 16 would be ring-fenced.
"We're going to have more to say on schools funding very shortly but what I can say is that I am absolutely fighting for the schools budget to be protected," they said.
Liberal Democrat schools minister David Laws said no-one would take the Conservatives seriously until they committed to "protecting the education budget from cradle to college".
'Mistakes happen'
Mrs Morgan has set a new target for England to be the best in Europe, and among the top five countries in the world, for English and maths by 2020.
The latest Pisa league table, which ranks the test results of 15-year-olds from 65 countries, puts the UK at 26th for maths and 23rd for reading.
Shadow education secretary Tristram Hunt MP said Labour would reverse the rule change under David Cameron's government which allowed unqualified teachers into the classroom on a permanent basis.
"This is how we improve the learning and life chances for all children and raise our international position in reading, writing and maths," they said.
Image copyright PA
Christine Blower, general secretary of the National Union of Teachers, said "our children are among the most tested in the world" and "we do not need more of the same".
"Our schools need to be accountable, but the current system stifles creativity, leads to 'teaching to the test' and does not promote sustainable improvements in education," they said.
Russell Hobby, general secretary of the National Association of Headteachers (NAHT) described the new tests as a "gimmick" during the election season.
"Apparently head teachers will be sacked should any - yes, any - child fail the new test. We are all for aiming high but, remember, this is a short test taken by a young child," they said.
"Mistakes happen, children feel under the weather or have a bad evening beforehand. This does not mean that teachers are not working as hard as possible."
On the Andrew Marr show, Mrs Morgan was asked about the Independent on Sunday's lead story that former education secretary Michael Gove was still receiving paperwork from their department.
They dismissed the report as "complete nonsense" and said Mr Gove, who is now Commons chief whip, had been "nothing but supportive" since they took the job.
"The chief whip is of course going to see paperwork that goes for a number of departments... I know the chief whip has to be across all portfolio areas. But I am very much in charge of the education department," they said.
Wow! Opal and I were completely blown away by the kindness and generosity of our Santa. So many great toys to choose from! Opal likes to shred stuffed toys, and our Santa found some really tough and durable items that could take a beating like the KONG Quest. Already, I have some treats hidden inside and they are trying to figure out this new puzzle. Fingers crossed that it takes them some time to figure out!
Speaking of treats... can someone say SPOILED? Between the Pumpkin treats, Beggin Party Poppers, Nylabone chew, and Greenie, I don't know where to begin! So far Opal's favorite seems to be the pumpkin treats.
I had also mentioned that Opal's favorite toy, a Chuckit Frisbee, had seen better days and was on its last leg. Our Santa was kind enough to not only give us a new one to play with, but an additional Chuckit toy, the Zipflight!
Thank you so much for your thoughtful gifts and kind letter!
Chelsea and Opal
In an emotional CNN interview, a transgender naval officer repeatedly refused to criticize Commander and Chief Donald Trump, despite Trump's threatening to end the careers of transgender service members.
“We've already been serving for over a year – openly since June of 2016 – we've caused no disruptions, there's been no readiness issues, we continue to deploy,” Lt. Commander Blake Dremann explained to CNN's Jake Tapper. “We are company commanders, special operators, drill sergeants, who are continuing to do the mission.”
The naval officer, who has served for over a decade, repeatedly declined opportunities to criticize Donald Trump.
“If it's being done for political reasons, then that's not really my realm to delve into,” they stated.
“As a member of the military, we support and defend the Constitution, and I will not criticize their words or their actions with regard to the military, publicly,” Lt. Cdr. Blake reminded. “So I have to believe that they want the best for the military and this is just really bad advice.”
Though they refused to characterize the politics or motivations, they did explain the simplicity of the issue.
“Being transgender is a medical issue that can be treated and that's what we've done,” Lt. Cdr. Blake explained. “If a medical issue comes up while we're already actively serving, we treat it and we go back to serving, just like anybody else.”
“To think that we are suddenly out of a job based on bad information is … unkind,” Lt. Cdr. Blake concluded.
Sevier County is still dealing with the devastation from wildfires that burned out of control on Monday night, damaging hundreds of buildings and killing at least 11 people.
Access to Gatlinburg is still restricted due to damage and search efforts, though many of the major businesses on the strip survived.
Pigeon Forge and Wears Valley lost some rental cabins, but no businesses were destroyed. There was no damage in Sevierville. They are open for business, and city and county leaders are urging people to come visit.
“Many of our city's 6,000 residents, as well as those of our friends and family in Gatlinburg, are dependent on the tourism industry for jobs to care for themselves and their families,” said Leon Downey, Pigeon Forge executive director of tourism. “As our communities move forward, our industry has an obligation to our residents and employees to encourage visitation to the area and sustain our businesses.”
Even Gatlinburg's mayor, Mike Werner, is encouraging visitation to the area as a show of support.
Sign up for Take 10, the WBIR lunchtime newsletter Thank You Something went wrong. Get the news you need to know, plus weather and something to make you smile, every weekday in your inbox! Thank you for signing up for the Take 10 Newsletter Please try again later.
Submit
"If you really want to do something for Gatlinburg, come back and visit us,” Werner said.
The Winterfest festival continues in Pigeon Forge and Sevierville, including several Christmas shows at various theaters. Dollywood theme park reopens on Friday, Dec. 2. Restaurants and lodging properties are operating on normal schedules.
“We are heartbroken by the devastation we've seen in Gatlinburg,” said Pigeon Forge City Manager Earlene Teaster. “But I speak on behalf of all our Pigeon Forge tourism partners when I say that we offer our constant prayers and encouragement for everyone affected and stand alongside them as they work to rebuild.”
Many businesses in Pigeon Forge and Sevier County have strongly supported the evacuees and emergency workers over the last few days, and will continue to do so.
The Tennessee Emergency Management Agency (TEMA) and Tennessee Voluntary Organizations Active in Disaster (TN VOAD) have set up a call center to provide information for those who would like to donate goods and volunteer to help survivors. For a list of the most-needed items, please visit http://mypf.social/pfdonationneeds. The call center is staffed from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. daily; the phone number is 866-586-4483.
To support displaced residents and visitors, Pigeon Forge established a distribution center to disperse donated food and supplies. Located just off the Parkway in Pigeon Forge in the former Boyds Bear building at 149 Cates Lane, the facility is open Monday through Saturday from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. and Sunday from 1 to 4 p.m.
With Oculus VR continuing to advance virtual reality (VR) technology with its Oculus Rift VR head-mounted display (HMD) and Sony Computer Entertainment (SCE) following suit with its Project Morpheus VR HMD, much talk as been made of when Microsoft will get on board with the technology. Recent rumours have suggested that, while the company is actively pursuing VR, it's still behind in comparison to the other two. Whenever that kit does arrive, Vertigo Games will be there to support it with World of Diving.
Lead Game Designer Peter Deurloo confirmed as much speaking to VRFocus at Gamescom 2014. “So as soon as the Xbox One actually has their own VR set we are jumping on it immeadiately,” Deurloo stated in an interview that will be published later this week. “I mean we would like for every VR headset to work with the game. As soon as we get the hardware we're going to make it work, definitely.”
World of Diving is first-person diving simulator that allows players to explore exotic underwater locations with friends. The PC version of the title, which recently launch on Steam Early Access, supports the Oculus Rift and features a mission editor that allows users to share their own creations online. An Xbox One version of the title was announced earlier in the year, although obviously without confirmation of a VR version.
Microsoft has in the past said it has been working with VR for ‘a while'. It's not yet clear when the company might reveal any of its work. VRFocus will continue to follow World of Diving and any news on an Xbox One VR HMD going forward.
Midwives told dropping ‘30-second rule' on cutting umbilical cord after delaying longer shown to benefit babies
Longer connection to mother's blood supply thought to protect babies against anaemia
Guidance: Midwives have been advised to delay cutting babies' umbilical cords after new evidence showed this benefits their health
A radical change in the way babies are delivered will see midwives delay cutting the umbilical cord following evidence that it improves the health of newborns.
The Royal College of Midwives is preparing to update its guidance to recommend delayed clamping for most women who give birth in hospitals, which will affect about 90 per cent of all births.
Current guidance from the RCM and the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence is to cut and clamp the umbilical cord within 30 seconds to protect babies from too much exposure to a synthetic hormone given to mothers to speed up labour and deliver the placenta.
It was also thought to help prevent a baby getting jaundice, a condition that causes yellowing of the skin, and was encouraged because of the risk of bleeding in new mothers.
However, doctors have long been divided over the issue – and studies have now found that delaying the procedure by just a few minutes has significant health benefits.
It is thought being connected to the maternal blood supply for longer helps protect babies against iron deficiency and anaemia, and allows vital stem cells to be transferred.
Increasing numbers of women have also been asking midwives to delay cutting and clamping to allow more blood to drain from the placenta into the baby, and also simply so they are connected for longer.
The new guidance is being developed and will be announced at the College's conference in November.
Mervi Jokinen, practice and standards development adviser at the RCM, said: ‘We are supporting the midwives not to clamp the cord immediately. We've not finalised the guidelines and in terms of how long it will recommend delaying clamping for, we don't know.
‘Guidelines drawn up by different organisations vary from one to five minutes, and even up to ten.
‘Most midwives will have to use their judgment in terms of the clinical situation. It's more likely to happen within three to five minutes.'
Mrs Jokinen added that the change was driven by the evidence from clinical studies, but also because women were increasingly asking for midwives to delay clamping.
‘The issue here were studies started to show that with early clamping you're denying a baby a boost of blood and it was recognised that haemoglobin levels were much lower later on,' they said.
Update: The Royal College of Midwives is preparing to update its guidance to recommend delaying cutting the cord for longer than 30 seconds
‘It is said that babies who are healthy and well would benefit from greater haemoglobin levels. Women have also asked us to give their babies to them while they are attached.'
A study from Sweden found a delay of three minutes could reduce the risk of iron deficiency later in childhood as well as anaemia in newborns, which can lead to poor brain development.
At four months, fewer than one per cent of infants who had delayed clamping were deficient in iron compared with six per cent of those clamped immediately.
There was no increase in jaundice or other complications thought to be linked to delayed clamping.
In an editorial published in the same journal as the study, Dr Patrick van Rheenen, a consultant paediatrician at Groningen University in the Netherlands, said: ‘Delayed clamping clearly favours the child.
‘How much evidence is needed to convince obstetricians and midwives that it is worthwhile to wait for three minutes to allow for placental transfusion?'
A major US study published in 2007, which involved more than 1,900 newborns, found a two-minute delay was enough to reduce the risk of anaemia by half and low iron levels in the blood by a third.
The World Health Organisation dropped early clamping from its guidelines in 2007 and best practice on the issue varies across Europe.
Guidelines in the UK, drawn up by NICE, recommend early clamping although an update is due in 2014.
The Royal College of Obstetricians and Gynaecologists updated its guidance last year to recommend the cord ‘should not be clamped earlier than necessary, based on a clinical assessment of the situation'.
Although hospitals will still be able to decide their own birth protocols, it is likely that they will follow RCM policy.
David Hutchon, a retired consultant obstetrician and gynaecologist who has campaigned for years for a change in policy, said: ‘This is very welcome.
‘But whether doctors will take any notice is another issue.
A memorable suit worn just one time by Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi -- with pinstripes that spell out their name in tiny letters -- has sold for 43.1 million rupees ($693,234) at a charity auction.
The winning bidder was Laljibhai Tulsibhai Patel, chairperson of Dharmanandan Diamonds, which is headquartered in Mumbai. They bought the suit at an auction in the western Indian city of Surat on Friday, according to Rajender Kumar, a senior official in Surat, which organized the sale.
The selling price--approaching three-quarters of a million dollars--easily topped the final auction price for Warren Buffett's Cadillac, which was sold in a charity auction for $122,500 on Thursday. Mr. Modi's suit also sold for more than Elvis Presley's Bible, which was auctioned for $90,748 in 2012.
The suit features Mr. Modi's name, embroidered in yellow pinstripes, set against navy-blue wool. The pinstripes themselves repeat the words: “Narendra Damodardas Modi.” Mr. Modi's middle name is their father's first name: Damodardas Mulchand, a tea seller.
Narendra Modi hugged Barack Obama in New Delhi on January 25 wearing a suit with their name embroidered into the pinstripes Agence France-Presse/Getty Images
The suit sparked a national conversation about Mr. Modi's sartorial choices when they wore it during U.S. President Barack Obama's visit to India in January. Some critics chided Mr. Modi for the showy choice.
Earlier this month, when the Bharatiya Janata Party-- led by Mr. Modi --took a drubbing in state elections in Delhi, some commentators went so far as to lay some of the blame on the pinstriped suit, saying the decision to wear it suggested that the prime minister was out of touch.
The two-piece suit was put up for auction on Wednesday along with 454 items given to Mr. Modi as gifts since they took office in May. This isn't the first time Mr. Modi has auctioned off gifts they have received. As chief minister of the state of Gujarat for more than a decade, Mr. Modi held regular auctions of gifts, donating up to 950 million rupees to charities that work to educate girls, according to Mr. Torawane.
The proceeds from this auction will go to the “Namami Gange Fund,” a project to clean the Ganges river. "Obviously this time the point of attraction is the suit,” Mr. Torawane said mere hours before bidding ended Friday.
Most bidders have been from Gujarat's business community -- diamond merchants, textile-factory owners and real-estate executives. The price climbed steadily through Friday, the final day of bidding as buyers and onlookers gathered around a lookalike mannequin of Mr. Modi on which the suit was displayed behind a glass case.
Back then, I wrote many columns on the subject, upholding the notion of filibusters on judicial nominations while advocating reform of the filibuster. I also expressed grave doubts about the use of the nuclear option, noting that it would inevitably provoke a strong and sustained response from the minority, using the many tools available to them in the Senate to bollix up the works and bring the place to a halt that go far beyond Rule XXII.
Is anything different? Actually, some things are. To review the history a bit, as the threats to blow up the Senate's rules reached a crescendo in May 2005, a "Gang of 14" senators, seven from each party, reached a deal that enabled several Bush nominees for Appeals Court positions to get up-or-down votes, excluded a couple of others, and declared that all would support cloture of future judicial nominees through the 109th Congress except under "extraordinary circumstances." The deal held throughout that Congress, but when Barack Obama became president, it was clear early on that the deal was at best moribund -- two Republican members of the Gang of 14, John McCain and Lindsey Graham, joined in a filibuster of an Obama pick for the Seventh Circuit, David Hamilton, without any reference to an "extraordinary circumstances" rationale.
Recently, a superbly qualified Obama choice for the D.C. Circuit, Caitlin Halligan, withdrew from consideration after a second attempt to get their confirmed failed, via another Republican filibuster. In the interim, scores of Obama nominees for District and Appeals Court positions have been delayed for months or years after formal nomination, through holds and other obstructionist mechanisms, most of which are related to the threat of a filibuster. A recent report from the Congressional Research Service by Barry McMillion notes that Obama's judicial nominees have been delayed longer than their four most recent predecessors; they are the only president for whom the average and media waiting time from nomination to confirmation was greater than a half year. (I should add that the delays by the president before nominating judges have been ridiculous.)
At the same time, Republicans have used holds, filibusters, and threats of filibuster against executive nominees, including Obama Cabinet choices and scores of others, at an unprecedented level.
At the beginning of the 113th Congress, Harry Reid struck a deal with Mitch McConnell to alter Senate rules modestly, including expediting confirmation of District Court nominees, heading off a larger change in the filibuster rule championed by many Senate Democrats. Implicit in the deal was that the extraordinary level of obstructionism would be ratcheted down -- the problem was less the rules as they existed and more how GOP leaders had ignored the long-standing norms of Senate conduct.
SELIGER (Tver Region), August 29 (RIA Novosti) – Current European leaders are unable to behave independently, Russian President Vladimir Putin said Friday.
“But if today's leaders of Europe are far from being able to show independence, then that doesn't mean that this trend has failed. Regardless this trend to independence, to sovereignty, to their own opinions, to standing up for their own positions: this is growing and will continue to grow in the future. It's a shame that not everyone from our colleagues in the West notice this,” Putin said.
The European countries have been pressured since the crisis in Ukraine escalated, when the United States urged the European Union to follow its lead and impose tougher sanctions against Russia.
The US government has released a sanctions list that includes a number of Russian companies, with which US firms are prohibited from cooperating. The European Union took similar steps, banning certain Russian individuals from entry to EU countries and implementing sanctions against Russian businesses, mainly from the energy and financial sectors.
The sanctions were imposed by the West over allegations that Russia was responsible for the escalation of the Ukrainian crisis, supplying independence supporters in eastern Ukraine with weapons, a claim Moscow has repeatedly denied.
Students from the elite Scots College have gained entry to the University of Sydney without sitting the Higher School Certificate, completing instead a 17-week diploma that is available at no other school.
The pilot program, devised by the university's commercially driven arm Sydney Learning, sparked outrage among some university staff members, amid fears it allowed parents to buy their sons entry to an elite tertiary institution even though the boys might have struggled to gain the required marks under the HSC.
The Scots College. Credit:Simone De Peak
Aimed at students with predictive tertiary admissions ranks of between 55 and 70 per cent, it was taken up by eight Scots boys in 2014. Six were offered places in selected degree courses at the university this year. Four enrolled and one deferred.
Scots is continuing the pilot with another 11 boys this year, despite moves by university academics to close the pathway to a degree to Scots boys, or any other school-age students who might have followed their lead.
Firstly, thank you again for your extremely generous support! We have some really great momentum coming out of our first day, which is extremely exciting. With my mental illness, I often fall into a cognitive distortion called "all or nothing thinking". Sometimes, I am really excited about the project, and I think we will meet or maybe even exceed our goal. More often, I get really discouraged and think that we will fail.
This of course causes my OCD worries to kick into overdrive, so I am anxious and stressed. Combine that with my insomnia (I guess I'm a bit of a mess!), and it is a recipe for not sleeping well. However, I am quite pleased with our progress on the first day thanks to all of your generous backers! I slept better than I have in a loooooonnngggg time. I really have you to thank for that!
I am still nervous - we have a ways to go, but with your help spreading the word, I think we can create a really special game. Another reminder - we will be showing at PAX booth 885, so please stop by so I can thank you in person!
I think it's important to discuss why this game is important to me, so I put together a video.
I genuinely believe that I can help people with this game and my frank discussions. Perhaps you'll accuse me of being idealistic, but at the very least, I think it's worth a try!
Thank you for your support. The whole Infinitap team really appreciates it, and with your help, we are going to make an amazing game!
-Matt Gilgenbach
Mr. President, Deal with the Corrupt DOJ, FBI and CIA – End The Mueller Witch Hunt
Guest post by Joe Hoft
It is time to deal with the corruption and criminal conduct in the Department of Justice, Criminal Intelligence Agency and Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI).
Americans during the election demanded the future president deal with the corruption and criminal conduct in Washington DC. President Trump's rally participants chanted : “Drain the Swamp” at nearly every rally.
and “Lock Them Up” –
It's amazing that the most important and emotional demands that Americans wanted from this President when they were campaigning were captured in these two slogans!
It is now time that the President do more to “Drain the Swamp” and “Lock them Up”. There are clear double standards in our legal system. Hillary Clinton is given a pass by the MSM, FBI and DOJ for receiving money for providing uranium to Russia and President Trump's son meets with a Russian plant for 20 minutes and the liberal press is non stop about it.
Watch the latest video at &amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;a href=”//video.foxnews.com”&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;video.foxnews.com&amp;amp;amp;amp;lt;/a&amp;amp;amp;amp;gt;
President Trump has done a great job with the economy and a masterful job showing the MSM's true colors.
If the President is working on bringing justice back to the US legal system now is the time. The President's backers had two slogans in this regard so it must be important!
The DOJ and FBI are corrupt and led by bad cops.
Former Clinton aide Dick Morris sees this and discussed this with the Gateway Pundit a few days ago. Morris said the CIA is running a coup d'état against President Trump as if tanks were rolling up Pennsylvania Avenue.
Listen to the full interview below:
The FBI and DOJ under President Obama were transformed into corrupt organizations. How else could Obama get away with so much crime, corruption and lies?
The corrupt individuals leading these formerly proud institutions must be removed and brought to justice.
Dick Morris suggests that President Trump open an investigation on the Mueller investigation.
The President can do this and should start this. Mueller's investigation is corrupt in many ways.  They are best friends friends with a key witness in the case, former FBI Director Comey, and yet will not recuse themselves from the investigation. Comey and Mueller were responsible during their years leading the FBI for allowing criminal activities by the Clintons and Obama's to be ignored and dismissed. The team Mueller assimilated in their investigation is all former Clinton and Obama allies. Mueller's investigation is a farce.
There are multiple examples of corruption in these institutions.
Secretary Sessions should be removed if they will not bring these institutions back to their former status as examples of forthright and trusted organizations. This past week the DOJ decided not to pursue charges against the former Obama IRS Commissioner Lois Lerner who harassed and abused hundreds of conservative groups while overseeing Obama's IRS. Judicial Watch slammed the DOJ action and recommended President Trump initiate a review.
If Americans had foreseen that after seven months in office the only investigation in place would be a whole scale attack and government run opposition research campaign against President Trump paid for by the American tax payer, we would have been shocked.
The current US Attorney General is either over their head or part of the swamp. They recused themselves from the phony Russia scandal and left our President open for attack. He's the man in charge when the FBI recently declined a request for information related to the Hillary Clinton email investigation. They let crooked IRS officials walk after targeting thousands of conservative Americans. Sessions should either address the corruption in their shop or the President should find someone who will.
Please Mr. President hear us. America is begging you to “Drain the Swamp”!
South Africa and Norway came closer to mending the gap between the two countries on their different stances on Libya, with Norwegian Prime Minister Jens Stoltenberg undertaking to carry the South African and the African Union (AU) message to a meeting of world leaders in Paris on how to restore normality to Libya.
President Jacob Zuma, who is on a state visit to Norway, turned down an invite to Paris, where French President Nicholas Sarkozy is hosting the meeting to discuss Libya's future from Thursday.
Norway formally recognised the National Transitional Council (NTC) as the “legitimate governing authority” of Libya two weeks ago.
In a strictly managed press conference in the Norwegian capital of Oslo on Thursday morning, Zuma told journalists that South Africa and Norway were “finding each other” on Libya.
“We are coming together on what should happen,” they said. “In Libya, because of its unique circumstances, we're calling for an inclusive government. We agree on that but we also agree that that process must not be taken away from the UN [United Nations].
It is a UN process and the AU must support it,' said Zuma.
Boycott
They declined an invitation to the Paris meeting mainly because of South Africa's unhappiness with the Nato bombings in the country. Without naming the countries, but generally understood to be referring to France and Britain, who led the military strikes, Zuma blamed leaders of the West for not respecting the AU's road map on Libya. The AU had already taken its resolution for a peaceful solution when the UN followed with its own, disregarding the African leaders' process, they said. Even then, South Africa cooperated.
“When the Libyan question emerged we were all together, we were part of the UN resolution, but that resolution was interpreted differently. We had individual countries, too many people, taking over the process”.
“Now that the NTC [the rebel's national transitional council] has taken over a large part of Libya, the UN must take the process. We can't have individual countries taking over the process,” said Zuma.
The bombing of Libya did not tally with the requirements of the UN's resolution to protect civilians, Zuma said. “If any measure of military would be used, it was to help to protect expats, as we understood it. Instead of protecting people it became the bombing [and] a cover for the other group [the rebels] to advance”.
Libya's rebels succeeded in taking over much of Libya largely because of a backing by Nato air strikes. On their own, the situation could have been different for the NTC.
Norway seemed convinced. Stoltenberg told the media that Zuma's views were “interesting” because they were “so close to developments in Libya and Africa”.
Stoltenberg agreed that the military intervention in Libya created unnecessary tension and blocked the way for what could have been a peaceful settlement, but the Norwegian Prime Minister expressed a wish to bury the hatchet on the matter.
“The use of military force is always controversial, but now is not the time to discuss what could have happened if we did things differently. It is time to move on. That is the only way we can help build a democratic country that can respect human rights,” said Stoltenberg, who encouraged cooperation between the UN and the AU.
Delegates from 60 countries are taking part in the Libyan talks in Paris, with the world eager to hear the NTC's plans for the north African country and if the rebel group can live up to the expectations of a new democratic Libya that respects human rights. The NTC expressed its wish to hold elections within 18 months.
Zuma is leading a delegation of government ministers and about 50 business representatives on a state visit to Norway that seeks to strengthen trade relations with one of Europe's smaller, but wealthy nations.
The Atlas V rocket launch gave Florida residents a spectacle to see in the early Wednesday morning sky.
As the Orlando Sentinel reported, the Atlas V that launched with relatively no early public notice in the early hours of Wednesday was “carrying a Navy communications satellite” into space.
The spectacular sky display that followed the launch was seen by Florida residents in far-reaching areas of the state. The event was so unexpected that the National Weather Service office in Miami posted a tweet on its official Twitter page clarifying that what residents were seeing “was the Atlas 5 rocket launch from Cape Canaveral, not a meteor.”
If you saw the strange light/cloud in the sky this morning, it was the Atlas 5 rocket launch from Cape Canaveral, not a meteor. — NWS Miami (@NWSMiami) September 2, 2015
The trail of pluming smoke left behind from the Atlas V rocket launch was illuminated by the early hours of sunrise, creating a multi-colored spectacular display that compelled people throughout Florida to take pics and video clips of the amazing scene.
Minutes later, Twitter and Facebook were flooded with photos and videos of the launch and the picturesque display the Atlas V rocket left behind. The hashtag #atlasv continued to trend on Twitter in Florida hours after the Atlas V launch was deemed successful.
Some of the photos showed a comet-like display, with an oval of plume moving forward and a tail following from behind.
My view of the #AtlasV launch this morning over Palm Beach #ilovewpb pic.twitter.com/NMAPiDjnQT — aGuyonClematis (@aGuyonClematis) September 2, 2015
Other photos showed the scattered plumes in illuminated and colored by the early rays of the rising sun.
Awesome pic of the exhaust plume from #AtlasV launch at the Cape Justin Battles captured it in Wauchula pic.twitter.com/HWMh7cpUVp — Paul Dellegatto⚡️FOX (@PaulFox13) September 2, 2015
An earlier launch of an Atlas V rocket also resulted in a beautiful display in the Florida night sky.
It takes a million lbs. of thrust to launch an #AtlasV rocket—equivalent to the power of 13 Hoover Dams #WeAreGoFL pic.twitter.com/OdrUbFkM1B — We Are Go (@WeAreGoFL) August 24, 2015
USA Today reported that the 21-story Atlas V rocket, manufactured by the United Launch Alliance, was launched at 6:18 a.m. Eastern Time after a delay of 19 minutes caused due to a technical problem.
The Atlas V rocket required 2.5 million pounds of thrust to lift off from Launch Complex 41.
The Navy satellite equipment the Atlas V was carrying was the $7.6 billion Mobile User Objective System (MUOS).
“The system is designed to help troops on the move and in combat make secure calls and send texts, video, or other mission data, enabling hand-held radios in the field to work much like smartphones,” the USA Today report stated.
The MUOS will not be fully operational immediately, however, and will require more work until it becomes fully functional by 2017.
The latest satellite the Atlas V carried to space is the fourth of five satellites in the MUOS program.
[Photo by Ealasaid]
By Candida
I've always believed there's no point hanging on to a dead marriage where both partners no longer see eye to eye. The few victims who've had the guts to pack such a marriage in have confessed to being relieved – and happy. Joy's marriage was already on its back, with the hooves virtually in the air, when they told me they would rather be on their own than live with the ‘lodger' their husband had turned into. Not one to act on impulse, I asked them to give such a hard decision a deep thought before they threw in the towel.
“It's not as if I have children to consider,” they said. “I have only one daughter, and she's in the university. Most of the time, I'm on my own whilst Cyril (the husband) lives their own life. They go and comes as they please. Well, I want to do the same without being labelled adulterous! I feel I can work better and improve the quality of my life without a stressful marriage.”
Them chance came when they heard on the grapevine that Cyril had been giving a lot of attention to Mubo. “She was their old flame, their ‘first love' as he's often bragged,” Joy explained. “And I'd had my suspicions that they were seeing them even before the rumours became rife. There wasn't anything special about them and I have always found them dull and annoying, but they went way back. They even admitted visiting them now they were single again, but that they were just good friends. I didn't really believe them and didn't particularly care either.
It was around this time that finishing touches were completed to the rundown bungalow I was refurbishing. I wanted to let it at first, but decided to move in with my daughter. My problem was selling the idea of our living happily apart to Cyril and I reckoned with lover girl on their mind, it would be easy.
“Cyril wasn''t buying any of that at first, but I explained I would rather be on my own and they needed to move on with their life. We both have good jobs and healthy investments so there were no financial obligations tying us down. I felt enormous relief after I left and was in the least surprised when Joy moved in with Cyril a few months later! We hadn't even discussed getting a divorce. When next they visited our daughter and I teased them about it, they said they might have the traditional engagement ceremony with them The gall of the man! But what was the point of getting angry with him? I'd moved on with my life, so should he.
“Since there was no bitterness when we separated, they visited as often as they could to see our daughter and to sort out details of our divorce. They always loved a good gossip and with lots of news to swap on our friends, our conversation sparkled once more. I was in the kitchen preparing lunch one evening when they dropped by. They teased me as they often did and I laughed flirtatiously with him. For the first time in a long while, I took an interest in their tall physique and the chest hair peeping from their shirt. They were looking at me with the same lust, then we kissed.
“Thank goodness our daughter was out as we made out on the settee! The passion between us hadn't been this intense and frantic in years. ‘Hey, we could still rock together', Cyril thrilled. We made love again – but it wasn't the humdrum, tired' marriage sex' we used to have. This was raw and hungry, hard and fast. The sense of taboo and familiarity made it an explosive mix. Afterwards though, 1 refused to cuddle up to them so as not to confuse physical desire with love. Besides, I was enjoying being a free and single woman and had no desire to return to the straight jacket of our marriage. ‘I'm not planning on us coming back together,' Cyril said sheepishly. ‘I wouldn't want to hurt Joy.' They were relieved when I smiled naughtily at them and teased them they were my bit-on- the-side now. That sort of set them off as they entered my bedroom and we were off again. They then freshened up and raced back to their ‘jailer' while I lay in bed, grinning like the cat that got the milk! Sad boring Joy! I'd got one over on them I'd proved I was still an attractive, passionate woman at
46 – and I had no qualms about the situation in the slightest. After all, what
have I done but sleep with my own husband! Cyril couldn't have felt too guilt-stricken either as they started visiting me whenever they knew our daughter was out. Each time, we wasted no time in getting down to business in the safety of my bedroom. Our hot and smoking romps continued as our divorce came through and didn't stop after they and Joy married. Our illicit sex is still too exciting to both of us to give up.
“Lately, he's been grumbling he's not happy with Joy. That's no skin off my nose and I'm sure our affair doesn't help. But do I feel guilty? No way!
Do I wish them well in their marriage? Hell no! What did Cyril expect, marrying an old flame like her? They should have had enough sense that rekindling an old flame seldom works. As for me, I now have the best of both worlds. The freedom of living on my own – and the power of knowing Cyril can't get enough of me. I won't be giving that up in a hurry for anyone!
Once in a while, I run into both of them at parties. Joy always looks a bit apprehensive when they see me, and they believe she's responsible for my broken marriage. It's all I could do not to laugh out loud. Now that I'm my husband's mistress, I've got my libido back! Let them be the one to lie awake nights, wondering why she's not getting as much nookie as before!”
Over the past eight years, the President, the First Lady, and the Obama White House have used social media and technology to engage with people around the country and the world on the most important issues of our time. From the very beginning, our mission has been to reach people on the channels and platforms where they already spend their time. This work began before President Obama took office in 2009, and, now, this work will continue.
As this Administration draws to a close, we wanted to share how you can continue to follow and engage with President Obama, the First Lady, and other Obama White House officials, as well as how you can find content posted over the past eight years after January 20, 2017. Moving forward, the President and First Lady can be followed on familiar handles: @BarackObama and @MichelleObama.
In October, we laid out plans to preserve and pass on the digital legacy of the Obama administration and have been working to ensure this unprecedented digital transition meets three key goals. First, we are preserving the material we've created with the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA). Second, we are working to ensure these materials continue to be accessible on the platforms where they were created, allowing for continued access to the content posted over the past eight years. Finally, we are working to ensure that the next White House and future administrations can continue to use and develop the digital channels we have created to connect directly with the people they serve.
We are grateful to the people around the country and the world who have engaged with us online over the past eight years. We listened to you, we learned from you, and we strove to create opportunities for you to play an active role in your government by fulfilling the most important role in our government: the role of citizen.
Digital assets that will remain with the White House
We are working to ensure that the next White House and future administrations can continue to use and develop the digital channels we have created to connect directly with the people they serve. The following assets will remain with the institution:
Twitter (handle and followers, with no tweets on the timeline): @WhiteHouse, @POTUS, @VP, @FLOTUS, @PressSec, @LaCasaBlanca, @WHLive, @VPLive, @Cabinet
Facebook (username and followers, with no posts on the timeline): Facebook.com/WhiteHouse, Facebook.com/whitehouse.espanol
Instagram (handle and follower, with no posts on the timeline): Instagram.com/WhiteHouse
Snapchat (username and followers): WhiteHouse
​YouTube (username and subscribers, with no videos): YouTube.com/WhiteHouse
Medium (username and followers, with no posts): Medium.com/@WhiteHouse
Tumblr (username and followers, with no posts): Tumblr.com/WhiteHouse
Flickr (username and subscribers, with no photos): Flickr.com/WhiteHouse
Where you can access archival Obama White House content
After January 20, 2017, materials will continue to be accessible on the platforms where they were created, allowing the public continued access to the content posted over the past eight years.
WhiteHouse.gov becomes ObamaWhiteHouse.gov
The Obama White House website – which includes press articles, blog posts, videos, and photos – will be available at ObamaWhiteHouse.gov, a site maintained by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA), beginning on January 20, 2017. If you are looking for a post or page on the Obama administration's WhiteHouse.gov from 2009 through 2017, you can find it by changing the URL to ObamaWhiteHouse.gov. For example, after the transition, this blog post will be available at ObamaWhiteHouse.gov/obama-administration-digital-transition-moving-forward.
President Obama, Vice President Biden, First Lady Michelle Obama, and Dr. Biden
Archived content posted to these social media accounts during the Obama administration will be maintained by NARA at the following handles:
President Obama: @POTUS on Twitter will be archived at @POTUS44 ​Facebook.com/POTUS will be archived at Facebook.com/POTUS44 Medium.com/@PresidentObama will be archived at Medium.com/@POTUS44
Vice President Biden: @VP on Twitter will be archived at @VP44 ​Facebook.com/VicePresidentBiden will be archived at Facebook.com/VicePresidentBiden44 ​Instagram.com/VP will be archived at Instagram.com/VP44 ​Medium.com/@VPOTUS44 will be archived at Medium.com/@VPOTUS44
First Lady Michelle Obama: @FLOTUS on Twitter will be archived at @FLOTUS44 ​@MichelleObama on Instagram will be archived at @MichelleObama44 ​Medium.com/@FLOTUS will be archived at @FLOTUS44
Dr. Jill Biden: @DrBiden on Twitter will be archived at @DrBiden44 ​@DrBiden on Instagram will be archived at @DrBiden44​ Medium.com/@DrBiden will be archived at Medium.com/@DrBiden44
White House Social Media
Archived content posted to institutional White House social media accounts during the Obama administration will be maintained by NARA at the following handles:
@WhiteHouse on Twitter will be archived at @ObamaWhiteHouse
Facebook.com/WhiteHouse will be archived at Facebook.com/ObamaWhiteHouse
Instagram.com/WhiteHouse will be archived at Instagram.com/ObamaWhiteHouse
@LaCasaBlanca on Twitter will be archived at @LaCasaBlanca44
Facebook.com/whitehouse.espanol will be archived at Facebook.com/LaCasaBlancaObama
​Medium.com/WhiteHouse will be archived at Medium.com/@ObamaWhiteHouse
Flickr.com/WhiteHouse will be archived at Flickr.com/ObamaWhiteHouse
YouTube.com/WhiteHouse will be archived at YouTube.com/ObamaWhiteHouse
​Tumblr.com/WhiteHouse will be archived at Obamaobamawhitehouse.tumblr.com
Some other content you may be looking for can be found here:
@ONDCP will be archived at @ONDCP44
@ONDCPespanol will be archived at @ONDCPespanol44
​@OMBPress will be archived at @OMBPress44
@WhiteHouseOSTP will be archived at @WHOSTP44
@WhiteHouseCEQ will be archived at @WhiteHouseCEQ44
@OpenGov will be archived at @OpenGov44
@USCTO will be archived at @USCTO44
@CEAChair will be archived at @CEAChair44
​@WHWeb will be arhived at @WHWeb44
How you can keep following the President, First Lady, and other White House Officials:
President Obama
After January 20, 2017, President Obama will use the following accounts:
@BarackObama on Twitter
Facebook.com/BarackObama
Instagram.com/BarackObama
For updates on the Obama Presidential Center, you can follow @ObamaFoundation on Twitter
First Lady Michelle Obama
You can follow First Lady Michelle Obama after January 20, 2017 at the following accounts:
Vice President Biden
You can follow Vice President Biden after January 20, 2017 at the following accounts:
Dr. Jill Biden
You can follow Dr. Jill Biden after January 20, 2017 at the following accounts:
White House Officials (You can follow an twitter list of Obama White House officials here):
The urban landscape gradually gave way to small towns and long stretches of roads. Giant trees loomed over the travellers, dark and silent. The boring gray sky was replaced by an oddly cheerful pink, but the snow continued to fall in chunky fluffs. With the directions from Lieutenant Mendoza it was not hard to find the place where their victim was discovered only a couple of hours ago. As Kate pulled up near the police cruiser, a uniformed officer ran up to their car. Ben flashed up their badge, and relief flooded the officer's face.
“Detectives, it's good to have you here. I'm officer Sadie Briggs, I'm here with–” they said, then turned, their arm still outstretched, when they heard crashing footsteps from the bushes. A police officer came rushing out and leaned on their car with shoulders heaving.
“Mike!” Officer Briggs yelled and ran towards their colleague, followed by Ben. It took a moment for Kate to shake off their numbness, and they trotted after the others. When they caught up with them Officer Briggs had their arms around the man whose face was streaked with tears. Officer Briggs looked around in confusion before they called their fellow officer's name again. “Mike? What's wrong?”
The officer shook their head and took a shuddering breath before they wiped at the tears with the back of their hand. “I'm sorry, it's just…” they said, “… that girl… she… looks like my daughter.” Officer Briggs held on to them tighter but was turning their head left and right, craning their neck towards the woods.
“Your daughter?” Kate asked. “Are you sure?”
The officer let go of Briggs, suddenly calmer. They shook their head. “No… I mean yes…”
“Are you saying that's Carly there?” Officer Briggs asked, their lower lip trembling ever so slightly.
The man shook their head and pressed their fingers to their brows. “No, not Carly. But that girl… looks almost exactly like them I just… I'm sorry… I just thought it could have been them and me… “
Ben patted the officer on the shoulder, but said nothing.
“This is Officer Simmons, by the way,” Briggs said after regaining their composure, and they all shook hands.
“Who found the body?” Kate asked.
“Vera,” said Briggs, and their gaze shifted towards the woods.
“Vera who?”
Officer Briggs seemed confused for a moment, then the realization that the detectives aren't local took over. “That would be Vera Meyers. They were walking their dog here.”
“Where is they now?” Kate asked as they looked around.
“Probably at home,” Briggs replied.
Kate looked at Ben with their eyebrows raised before addressing the officer.
“You let her–?”
With a touch on Kate's elbow Ben interrupted them “We will need their address. They should have been kept here, but it's too late now.”
“I… of course, Sir,” Briggs said, their face turning beetroot red. “It was just so cold, and you see Vera is quite old, we didn't want to keep them after such a shock.”
Kate was about to comment on this incompetence when another figure emerged from the bushes with some rustling. The shiny black hair in a bun and the red boots seemed familiar to them
“What a nice surprise meeting you here, Miss Sharma,” Ben said, and greeted the forensic technician they met on a case about a month ago in Hillrose.
Aruna Sharma knitted their eyebrows together and regarded Ben with an icy look. “Well, not really. A surprise I mean. As you know these small towns don't have their own crime labs, so we are called to every crime scene in the area.”
Ben just shook their head, but did not offer a reply.
“So, what do we have?” Kate said.
Aruna's face softened when they noticed Kate. “A female, early twenties. Looks like someone strangled them No ID on her.”
“Can we go in now?”
“Sure,” Aruna said and shrugged. “But I need to warn you. It looks bad.”
Kate and Ben made their way through the thick undergrowth and were met by another crime scene technician, combing through the ground for clues. The body lay near a tree, forlorn, miserable. Aruna was right. It looked awful.
“She's naked from the waist down,” Kate said and squeezed their eyes together like that would wipe the image they just saw away.
“She was strangled with their own pants, in my opinion” Aruna's voice came from behind and the two detectives turned to see them standing a few feet behind them. They moved without a sound. “We found some partial footprints, but pretty much everything is covered in snow. The building behind us is locked and abandoned, and nobody lives in the close vicinity, so it's unlikely that you'll find witnesses here.”
“Was they raped?” Kate asked as they squatted down next to the dead girl.
“Likely,” said Aruna and pointed at the bruises on their thighs. “We haven't found their underwear though. The shoes are still missing too.”
“Is they local?” Ben asked.
“The woman who found them did not recognize the girl. But she's quite old, and after they realized what they came across they did not stay to look at them The officers who arrived at the scene first did not recognize them either. They were relieved by Officer Briggs and Simmons just a few minutes before you arrived. As you know Mike first thought it looked like their daughter, but…” Aruna shrugged.
“How did they get here?” Kate asked and looked around. “They haven't found a car around here as far as I know.”
“I'd say the killer got them somewhere else, killed her, and dumped the body here,” the other woman said, and with that they turned around and was gone.
Kate took a moment to absorb the information. They squatted next to the girl, and gently swept their honey coloured fringe out of their face. “Who are you?” They whispered to the girl.
The girl stared back with their mysterious blue eyes.
By the time Kate and Ben got back to the Pine Creek Police Station, the sun managed to find its way through the clouds but the weak light was not enough to lift the dark mood they were both in. Officer Briggs led them to a break room that was surprisingly cozy for a police station. The smell of freshly brewed coffee wafted through the door and a few minutes later another uniformed officer arrived with a tray full of hot drinks and cookies.
Just as they settled around the table, sounds of commotion and excited chatter came from the corridor. A flushed Officer Briggs appeared at the door.
“What happened?” Kate asked.
“I think we know who they are,” they said, panting.
Advertisements
Thousands of Syrians have died since the uprising began in March 2011. Several efforts by the United Nations to end the violence have failed. After recent confirmation that the Syrian government used chemical weapons, the United States is providing direct military support to rebels. Read related article .
Arming the Syrian rebels
U.S. military support of Syrian rebels will initially consist of CIA deliveries of light arms and ammunition. President Obama has ruled out deployment of U.S. ground troops and has not decided on implementation of a no-fly zone. Despite pleas from rebel groups, U.S. forces will not supply them with antitank or antiaircraft weapons.
Gen. Salim Idriss. (AP)
The shipments will be sent to an umbrella group known as the Supreme Military Council, which is overseen by Gen. Salim Idriss, a Syrian military defector and former military academy teacher. Idriss will act as a conduit of weapons deliveries to various rebel groups. The groups include:
OAKLAND, CA - SEPTEMBER 13: Head coach Jack Del Rio of the Oakland Raiders looks on during the first half of their NFL game against the Cincinnati Bengals at O.co Coliseum on September 13, 2015 in Oakland, California. (Photo by Thearon W. Henderson/Getty Images)
By Abraham Gutierrez
It was a sight all too familiar to Raider Nation, as another season of NFL football kicked off with lots of excitement, but quickly fizzled with a dismal performance by the Oakland Raiders. The end result was a 20-point drumming at the hands of the Cincinnati Bengals, 33-13, who went into the Black Hole and dominated in every facet of the game.
Offense: F
A hand injury to starting quarterback Derek Carr put the Raiders behind the 8-ball right out of the gate. How bad was the Raiders offense in the opener? How about laying a goose egg for the first three quarters of the ballgame, as they simply couldn't get anything going with Carr in the locker room and Matt McGloin running the offense.
And while the score indicates that Oakland did register a pair of touchdowns, they both came in garbage time, as the Bengals had already put the game out of reach with 33 unanswered points. The Raiders finished with 16 first downs to the Bengals' 22, where crushed in the category of total yards, 396 to 246, the time of possession battle also went to the visitors, 32:32 to 27:28, and Oakland managed to scrape a pitiful 63 rushing yards on the ground.
Rookie wide receiver Amari Cooper registered 5 grabs for 47 yards, while former 49ers wideout, Michael Crabtree was second in the team with 37 yards on a handful of receptions. Also worth noting is Marcel Reece's efforts, as the 3-time Pro Bowl fullback snatched three grabs for a total of 26 yards and was responsible for Oakland's only two touchdowns of the afternoon.
Quarterback: D-
As stated above, Carr exited the game in the second quarter after suffering a hand injury while attempting a stiff-arm on Adam “Pacman” Jones near the Raiders' sidelines. At the time of the injury, Oakland trailed 10-0 with less than six minutes to go before the half, but it would all go downhill from there. All indications are that Carr's x-rays were negative, which is a huge sigh of relief for Raider Nation, but their status is up in the air.
“I don't know anything about that right now,” Del Rio said when asked about Carr's potential return. “I'm not sure. The x-rays were negative.”
After taking over at signal-caller, McGloin finished with 142 yards on 23-for-31, a pair of touchdowns and an interception. Carr, meanwhile, connected on 7 of their 12 pass attempts for 61 yards.
Defense: F
So much was made about the Oakland Raiders defense heading into the opener that perhaps expectations were unfairly high for this bunch. It didn't take long for Bengals quarterback Andy Dalton to pick Ken Norton's defense apart, as it was clear from the opening snap this would be a long day for the Raiders on that side of the rock.
Oakland's lackluster efforts against the pass made Andy Dalton seem like Aaron Rodgers out there, as they connected on 74 percent of their passes, going 25 of 34 for 269 yards and 2 touchdowns for a cool quarterback rating of 115.9. But pass defense wasn't Oakland's only deficiency in this one, as they also allowed 127 rushing yards, which equals out to 4.1 yards per carry. Jeremy Hill registered 63 yards on 19 carries and two scores, while Giovani Bernard matched their production with just 8 rushes.
Coaching: D
It's clear that the Raiders were nowhere near as prepared as they should've been in order to compete against a playoff-caliber squad like the Bengals in Week 1. Oakland has a lot of work to do going forward, especially on the defensive side of the football. There were a total of four injured Raiders in this one, including perennial Pro Bowler Charles Woodson (wrist) and former second-round pick, Nate Allen (knee). During their post-game presser, the first-year Raiders head coach took the blame for their team coming out flat, and rightly so.
“Not the kind of performance we expected to have out there today,” said first-year Raiders coach Jack Del Rio during their post-game press conference. “I thought our fans were excited about the opening of the season, as we were, and it's a very disappointing, embarrassing effort. I take full responsibility, but we'll get it turned around and corrected.”
Next for Jack Del Rio and the (0-1) Oakland Raiders is another home game, as the (0-1) Baltimore Ravens pay a visit to the Black Hole in Week 2. John Harbaugh's bunch is coming off a heartbreaking 19-13 defeat at the hands of the Denver Broncos in their season opener.
Abe Gutierrez's passion led them to ditch law school journey in order to launch their own publishing company. Their expertise make them a valued addition to Examiner.com, AXS.com and the CBS-Sports family. Some of their work can be found on CBS-Miami (Dolphins), CBS-LosAngeles (Chargers) and CBS-TampaBay (Buccaneers), AXS.com, Examiner.com. and other online publications.
During the property slump of the early 1990s, there was a famous British Property Federation dinner at which the chairperson introduced the guest speaker, Andrew Buxton of Barclays Bank, by inviting members to give a warm welcome to "a man to whom we owe more, er, than we can ever repay".
Bankers never seem to learn their lesson about the commercial property market. As the good times roll, they become ever more careless in their real estate lending, only then to lose their shirts in the subsequent bust.
This time around has been little different. It is not so much "asset backed securities" which sunk the UK banking system, still less the domestic housing market – where default rates have remained remarkably tame. Rather, it was the same as last time – good old fashioned commercial property lending.
According to a recent De Montfort University study, there is approximately £300bn of banking loans outstanding to the British commercial property market, of which approximately £50bn is in breach of covenant.
Yet despite the fastest and deepest commercial property slump since records began – a peak to trough fall of approximately 44pc – there has so far been only limited impairment applied to these assets. That may be about to change.
There's a saying in the property world that says "a rolling loan gathers no loss". So far, lenders and borrowers have tended to stand together in resisting the pressures for foreclosure.
Banks have been waiving covenant breaches and extending facilities to avoid forced sales. Rentals are generally still being paid and property loans are therefore being serviced. The upshot is that banks don't have to count many of these loans as non-performing, even though they may be in breach of loan to value covenants. Yet the day of reckoning may be fast approaching.
At the peak of any boom, commercial property tends to account for some 11pc-12pc of UK bank balance sheets, which is obviously way too high. In the subsequent deleveraging, this will typically be whittled down to 5pc to 6pc, a process which usually takes around four to five years.
So how far through the "normalisation" are we this time around? Bad news, I'm afraid. It hasn't even started. But begin it will. As banks better understand their exposures and regulatory pressures build, the big unload – a minimum of £50bn of property coming onto the market – cannot be postponed much longer. For big property players with continued access to finance, this ought in theory to provide a buying opportunity.
Already, there are a few signs of confidence returning to the market. A year ago, virtually all new development was suspended. But in recent months we have seen a few toes dipped back in the water. For instance, Land Securities, one of Britain's largest property companies, yesterday announced the go-ahead for the redevelopment and extension of its Trinity retail mall in Leeds, building on three London developments which it sanctioned earlier this year. Regrettably, Land Securities is for the time being the exception rather than the rule.
According to Land Securities chief executive, Francis Salway, development finance remains in very short supply and is still virtually non existent for "speculative", non pre-let projects without access to the central funding of the bigger property companies.
Again, this ought to be good news for those solvent enough to be able to push ahead regardless of the banks' unwillingness to lend. Eventually, demand ought to catch up with limited supply and those in a position to invest through the downturn will be sitting pretty.
But here's why this time it may be different from previous cycles. Most commercial property investment is based on leverage. A little bit of equity is provided, but the bulk of the finance comes from the banks. If the value of the property rises, the equity holder is quids in. That game may be over.
As Adair Turner, chairperson of the Financial Services Authority, made abundantly clear in a speech last week, regulators are determined to put a stop to the boom and bust of credit markets, and since commercial property tends to be a key part of this cycle, by implication he's going to attempt to prevent "excessive" property speculation.
The causes of the financial crisis were many and varied, but the underlying factor was simple enough – too much credit, too easily available at too low a price. This in turn drove unsustainable asset price bubbles.
Turner and other international regulators are therefore putting in place new policy tools which will reduce leverage in the financial system and constrain it in the real economy.
That's a very different world from the one we have been used to, and will plainly transform the dynamics of the commercial property market.
So don't bank on a rapid recovery in commercial property prices any time soon. It may be many years before we are away to the races again, and if Turner gets their way, it will be never.
For the last 12 years, Turkey's Islamists led by President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan seemed invincible. Their Justice and Development Party (AKP) romped from one electoral victory to the other, each time snatching a bigger part of the vote. But with less than a fortnight left to go before the June 7 legislative polls, the AKP is looking fragile for the first time.
Even the combative president is sounding unsure. “There is an apathy among the [political] parties [and] among voters,” they said in a televised interview on A Haber, a pro-government channel. “These elections will hold surprises until the very last minute”.
Recent polls show that the AKP's share of the vote will slip from the record 49% it received in the 2011 parliamentary elections. Some venture it may not even win enough seats to form a ruling majority. This requires 276 seats in the 550-seat legislature. But as recent elections in Israel and Britain have shown, pollsters can get things badly wrong. Yet, while nobody disputes that the AKP will once again get the highest share of ballots, party insiders privately concede that the glory days are over.
The AKP's fate hinges on two critical factors. One is some 15% of the electorate, many of them AKP voters, who remain undecided. The other is the Kurds. They are contesting parliamentary elections for the first time under the banner of the Peoples' Democracy Party (HDP) that is reaching out to Kurds and Turks alike. A growing number of pollsters reckon the HDP will clear the minimum 10% of the vote needed to win seats in the parliament — if only by a whisker. Under Turkey's complex electoral system, known as the “d'Hondt" system, this would thin the AKP's share by around 30 seats.
Conversely, if the HDP fails to breach the 10% threshold, the AKP is likely to inherit almost all of their seats, bringing Erdoğan closer to their presidential dreams. But the AKP will still need at least 330 seats if it is to put any constitutional amendments to a referendum.
Investors believe the best result for Turkey is one where the AKP secures a slim ruling majority, the current incumbent Ahmet Davutoglu remains prime minister, and the Kurds get in. “This would keep Erdoğan in check and allow the AKP to relaunch democratic reforms and economic growth,” said a Western diplomat who spoke to Al-Monitor in Ankara on strict condition of anonymity because of the sensitive nature of the subject.
The prospect of coalition rule is stoking fears of a return to the 1990s, when a string of corrupt and ineffectual multiparty governments drove the economy into the ground. But if the result is a hung parliament, a coalition will be unavoidable.
It is customary for the president to invite the leader of the front-runner to try their hand at forming a government. The conventional wisdom is that the AKP would likely team up with the ultranationalist Nationalist Action Party (MHP), which is expected to place third with about 16% of the vote. This could spell trouble for the already faltering Kurdish peace process. But, for many, an increasingly autocratic Erdoğan endowed with executive powers would be a far worse outcome, especially if the Kurds are shut out of parliament.
Either way, Erdoğan is taking no chances. As president they are constitutionally bound to impartiality. But unfazed by such strictures, Erdoğan is charging through Anatolia, waving Qurans and demanding that voters give the AKP “at least 400 seats.”
There are several reasons for the AKP's waning popularity. The wear and tear of incumbency is one. The biggest is Erdoğan himself. As a three-term prime minister from 2003 to 2014, Erdoğan was once hailed as the greatest reformer since the founder of modern Turkey, Kemal Ataturk. The Turkish economy recovered, growing at an annual average 7% until 2007. The rural masses were eased out of poverty. Shiny, new airports, hospitals and highways were built together with affordable housing. At the same time, Turkey's domineering generals were tamed, paving the way for now-stalled membership talks with the European Union and overt displays of Muslim piety.
Erdoğan is also the first Turkish leader to bargain for peace with Abdullah Ocalan, the imprisoned leader of the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party (PKK). Under the AKP's watch, bans on the Kurdish language were partially eased, though education in the Kurdish language in state schools remains forbidden. Turkish state television now offers broadcasts in both Kurdish dialects. But in a crude bid to woo nationalist voters, Erdoğan has changed tack: The HDP is “a bunch of terrorists” and ought to be kept out of the parliament. There is “no Kurdish problem,” they now claims.
Some Kurds detect a link between the president's hawkish rhetoric and the recent spate of attacks against HDP offices across the country. There were at least 127 at last count, and rising.
“The AKP that paints the HDP as enemies and dangerous is responsible for all these attacks,” the PKK said in a statement, even as Davutoglu, the prime minister, issued a condemnation.
Erdoğan's polarizing tactics show signs of backfiring.
Pro-AKP Kurds, including devout Muslims, are said to be defecting to the HDP in droves. Allegati ons that the government initially backed Islamic State (IS) jihadists against Syria's Kurds in the battle for Kobani played a big part.
Another big reason is the HDP's young and charismatic co-chair Selahattin Demirtas, who with their wit and common touch is drawing voters of all stripes.
On the diplomatic front, things are not looking any rosier.
Gone are the days when “Turkish soft power” was the buzzword in the think-tank circuit. It has fallen out with Egypt and Israel alike. “Turkey under Erdoğan is a loose cannon,” the Western diplomat said.
Turkey's zealous promotion of regime change in Syria has certainly raised eyebrows. Syrian rebels of all stripes, including militant Islamists from Ahrar al-Sham, live freely in places like Urfa, Hatay and Gaziantep. Although the government has tightened up security along its 900-kilometer (560-mile) border with Syria, Does militants continue to use Turkey as a transit route for fresh recruits.
The president's lavish lifestyle in their garish new multimillion-dollar Ottoman-style palace in Ankara is another headache. Photographs of their wife, Emine, and daughter, Summeye, sipping water from gold-rimmed crystal wine glasses, said to cost $300 apiece, have jarred the pious. Mehmet Simsek, the finance minister, sparked further outrage saying that some $1.3 million spent on a fleet of posh official cars was “peanuts.”
And the AKP continues to be dogged by a massive graft scandal implicating the Erdoğan's and the AKP's business cronies in bribery and tender rigging, which erupted in December 2013.
For a while it seemed that Erdoğan was able to get away with claims that a so-called global cabal bent on toppling them had orchestrated all of this. The chief culprit, they claimed, was their former ally, Fethullah Gulen, a Pennsylvania-based Sunni Muslim cleric. According to this version, Gulen and their disciples in the judiciary and the police concocted all the evidence, including leaked tape recordings of conversations about money that allegedly took place between Erdoğan and their son Bilal.
The government has since reassigned, sacked and jailed hundreds of judges, prosecutors and police officials on thinly supported charges that they were part of “a terrorist network” plotting a coup. The witch hunt has assumed farcical proportions; Hidayet Karaca, the head of Samanyolu, a pro-Gulenist TV channel has been behind bars since December on the outlandish claim that they conveyed Gulen's instructions to police and prosecutors in coded messages via a popular mini-series called “Tek Türkiye.”
A pair of judges, who ruled in favor of their release, were swiftly imprisoned as well.
Turkey may no longer be the world's biggest jailer of journalists, “but it ranks third in the world in terms of the number of journalists subjected to police violence,” said Erol Onderoglu of Reporters Without Borders in an interview with Al-Monitor. The Paris-based watchdog ranks Turkey 149th of 180 countries for press freedom.
Yet as recently as August, Erdoğan was easily elected president in a first round of balloting with 52% of the vote. This is because the effects of slowing growth had not yet set in. Like most voters worldwide, what most Turks care about is their financial well-being. And the AKP's record remains unsurpassed.
But the economy has lost steam since 2012. In a research note obtained by Al-Monitor, Goldman Sachs notes between 2012 and 2014, the Turkish economy “slowed down sharply” and the gross domestic product (GDP) grew by “a mere 2.8%.” The slowdown is attributed to external shocks, including the Arab Spring, the euro area sovereign debt crisis and the “Taper Tantrum” linked to the Fed's long expected hike in interest rates. Last year's fall in oil prices helped to shrink the current account deficit. But at 6% of GDP, it remains the highest among members of the OECD club.
Erdoğan's diatribes against the Central Bank have weakened investor confidence and contributed to the decline of the Turkish lira, which has shed almost 40% of its value against the dollar over the past two years. The president insists the bank must cut interest rates claiming — despite conventional theory, which suggests the opposite — that this will help bring inflation down.
The downturn has galvanized the moribund main opposition Republican People's party (CHP). Its leader, Kemal Kilicdaroglu, who has been running an unusually lively campaign, is promising to double the minimum wage and various other perks. They have also promised to crack down on government sleaze.
Yet, most observers say that for all their recent setbacks, Erdoğan remains the shrewdest — and most ruthless — politician on the block.
“He'll do whatever it takes to win again,” said a veteran AKP official who now opposes Erdoğan and declined to be identified for fear of reprisal. In a message sent to Al-Monitor via Twitter, the official added. “And once again the elections are all about him.”
Football Center FAQ
What will it cost? The 160,000-square foot USF Football Center is estimated to cost $40 million to design and build. This investment will provide our student-athletes and coaches with a state-of-the-art facility that will rival any in the nation.
How will this be funded? USF will seek private and corporate support for the USF Football Center. No student fees or tuition dollars will be involved in the project.
How does this help the USF Football program? This facility will support the football program in a number of significant ways. The addition of this facility will allow USF to attract the top prospective student-athletes in the nation. While we are a nationally ranked football program that has earned respect nationwide, we must continue to make this type of investment to ensure our future competitive success and provide our student-athletes with a world-class experience. The training space will ensure our student-athletes are the most physically fit and prepared to perform at peak levels during competition. The sports medicine facility will allow our doctors and athletic training professionals to work with student-athletes to prevent injuries and provide each student-athlete with the best chance of a full recovery in the event they are injured. The new coaching offices and team meeting auditorium will improve communication and teaching opportunities for both the student-athletes and the staff, which will translate into better decisions made on game day.
How does this help other programs? There are a number of ways this project will make a positive impact on all USF sports programs. First, the addition of the USF Football Center will allow approximately 30,000 square feet of space in the current Lee Roy Selmon Athletics Center to become available for exciting new opportunities for the Bulls' other sports programs to enhance the training and recruitment of student-athletes. Second, the indoor practice field space will provide each field sport – baseball, softball, soccer, and track programs – a safe place to practice in the event of inclement weather. Third, the increase in sports medicine space will allow USF to enhance the care and rehabilitation of all student-athletes and return them to competition quicker following an injury. Fourth, the USF Football Center will be a beacon of pride for all USF Bulls, past, present, and future. The facility will demonstrate our commitment to student-athlete success and will encourage top prospective student-athletes across all sports to come to USF.
Where will it be located? The USF Football Center will be located immediately north of the Lee Roy Selmon Athletics Center and adjoining the Frank Morsani Football Practice Complex. It will be accessible from parking lot 6, which is located at the end of Bull Run Avenue to the north of the USF Sun Dome and west of the Lee Roy Selmon Athletics Center.
Tim Slade hailed a remarkable Supercheap Auto Bathurst 1000 comeback drive to seventh having fallen two laps down after a pitlane fire ruined a promising podium challenge.
The South Australian and co-driver Ash Walsh had proved to be a genuine contender having vaulted the #14 Brad Jones Racing Commodore from fifth on the grid to second in the early stages.
However, a strong start from Slade and an impressive stint from Walsh unravelled on lap 54 when a fire broke out while undergoing a routine brake pad change.
Brake fluid ignited after Slade was told to pump the brakes before the switch had been successfully completed, resulting in the car being wheeled into the garage.
The Winton race winner thought their day was over having returned to the fray two laps adrift of the leader.
However, a succession of Safety Cars coupled with smart strategy calls saw Slade return to the lead lap, finding themselves in 12th with 20 laps remaining.
While declaring their car had the pace to be on the podium, Slade praised the team's persistence in assisting their recovery through the field.
“I'm happy with our recovery and to do what we did was pretty crazy,” Slade told Speedcafe.com
“We had a fairly speedy car and at the time I thought the show was over but Brad Jones remained positive.
“I was asking if there was any point in saving tyres or putting Ash (Walsh) in for some more laps.
“When you know you are two laps down it is not a very nice feeling to have.
“I thought the brakes were taking longer than usual to be changed and pump up. When I saw the smoke I knew something was wrong.
“It was a miscommunication. One of the lads on the brake pliers had a little bit of trouble, so they moved the pliers and the car controller thought they were done and told me to pump the pedal.
“The guys knew what we had to do to get our laps back and we did exactly that and we got lucky.
“We definitely got what we could from a pretty bad situation.
“I think we had the speed to be on the podium but so did other guys that didn't finish in the top three.
“Based on the speed of the car there was definitely a better result available.”
Although disappointed to witness a podium chance evaporate, the 31-year-old is confident the team will learn from its pitstop error for future endurance races.
“To have a good result at Bathurst and the other endurance races you have to be on top of every single aspect and that just caught us out,” they added.
“I'm sure we will learn from it and it won't happen again.”
Kweiseye is an art criticism blog written by Tom Kwei. If you enjoy this article, browse the archive HERE for more than 60 other critiques of both artists and exhibitions. Any questions/queries/use: tomkweipoet@gmail.com
Around the dawn of the 20th century, paintings could suddenly be anything they wanted to be. Freed from the onus of being fundamentally representational by the then widespread use of photography, canvases began to speak new languages, taking heed from their unstable, technological age.
Many, both artists & otherwise, decried the implications that new developments of the era could have on their lives. Whilst others, such as David Bomberg, positively embraced such changes. Indeed, prior to their own experiences within World War I, the artist was unapologetically enthusiastic about such growth, stating they felt that: ‘the new life should find expression in a new art, which has been stimulated by new perceptions' – Bomberg would later radically change their painting style to a leisurely landscape approach upon witnessing the mechanised slaughter of the trenches.
Perhaps with these new forms of perception Bomberg was equally striving to develop new forms of appreciation. Exploring not only how to represent and imagine a thing, but how such a thing makes a viewer feel when it is looked at.
Jujitsu (1913)
When I first started writing Poetry at around 14, I rallied against the rules. Whilst the books and their teachers urged me to stick to an Iambic plod and to organise my ideas within ancient, rehearsed shapes, I fought back, writing my verse as free as I quite liked. I soon found however that what I had at first judged as obstruction was, in fact, quite liberating. It seemed taking my past attempts and housing them in the asupervisorstioned prescribed rhythms & shapes actually improved them in terms of engagement & coherence rather than bogging them down. The art of them then seemingly coming from the tension between the mad abandon of my (in retrospect, truly terrible) verse and the structure enforced upon their misplaced wisdom.
A tension equally evident within ‘Jujitsu', a wild, Futurist-Cubist combo that attacks the viewer from the off by presenting two levels of perception. On the top layer we have a strict, regimented surface grid of diamonds. Not necessarily ordered in the sense that every split square side by side is the exact same size of width, but compare them to the splintered, fractious chaos beneath and they feel militaristic in comparison.
After noticing such unhinged disorder beneath the systematic pattern, the brain fights for order as it rallies between the two viewpoints. At times it feels as if Bomberg has created sharpened edges to the squares, limits that cut off certain subterranean moments at their point of realisation, shattering and casting them as glass. Up close, ‘Jujitsu' is a thing enthralling and unreal. A place bordering on logic, only for such reasoning to crumble upon further exploration. There's a primarily orange left for example and a deep, gentle blue right, yet flecks of the other seem to pop up teasingly within the other. The blue also feels more a part of a crumbling black and grey than a thing all of its own, a black which in turn appears confusingly at the top left of the image.
Through this odd disjunction at its heart, the painting positively pulsates. The patterning beneath seeming sometimes to slot perfectly into its own contained square, only for in other areas of the work the lower designs to splay out obnoxiously beneath the systematic sectioning on top.
At times pondering the piece I thought I saw figures within the painting. The title of the work feeling very literal to me as two orange clumps on the left emerged as men fighting, their feet in the lower grey portion a good starting point to trace upwards to fighting figures. Then, recalling the dialectic to and fro inherent within the thing, I took the idea of Jujitsu as a fighting style as metaphorical along with the painting ‘Jujitsu' itself. Both artwork & combat-approach products of inherently skilled disciplines that appear wild in action but are, in fact, incredibly well executed.
The Mud Bath (1917)
A far more vibrant, urgent painting, ‘The Mud Bath' strips away the accompanying template of ‘Jujitsu' to reveal the base fundamentals of human form beneath. In spite of the abstract figures and artificial palette, there is a distinct sense of jubilation, of celebration and worship. The pole at the centre seemingly no centrepoint for the figures, rather one they are passing across in their rush off the canvas.
Through a simple mix of five colours, Bomberg creates an uncharacteristically uncluttered work that allows the viewer to focus directly on the brittle, sensationally defined figures. At times some seem to rise up as revellers, their legs and arms in mania, others, such as those at the further right, appear to have folded into suggestion of numbers and shapes rather than fellow celebrants.
The inspiration for the work supposedly came from Schewzik Russian Vapour Baths in Brick Lane Whiechapel, near Bomberg's home in London. A place used by the local Jewish population for cleanliness and religious observances. In their hands however the place becomes an amalgam of 3d shapes that seem to hinge on a pin yet somehow possess both verve and character.
Enjoy reading that? Click HERE to see a list of all the art analyses on Kweiseye to date.
To keep up with the blog and all the art I write about, follow me right here on this blog or here @tomkweipoet
Advertisements
AirServer is an app for iPhone and iPad that lets you mirror your iPad or iPhone's screen to your PC or Mac. After quickly installing a program on your Windows computer or Mac, you simply need to scan a QR code with your iPhone or iPad, and then you'll start mirroring your devices screen to your computer.
AirServer allows you to mirror your iPad or iPhone screen to a Mac or a Windows computer. This means that you can see your device screen on your computers screen.
AirServer mirrors by setting up your computer as an AirPlay device, and then showing a QR code on your computer's screen. You scan that with your camera on your Apple Device, and then your computer will be enabled on AirPlay. You can then go into the AirPlay list on your device, and select your computer. Your computer will show up with it's name, and you simply select that and you start streaming your devices to that computer.
There are lots of things you can do with AirServer, and one of them is recording your screen. This is great for showing app demos, or gaming. You can even set up AirServer to stream your devices screen, so you can have a live stream.
As AirServer streams over WiFi, you may have some lag if you have a slow connection. However, AirServer does offer a handy guide to sorting out your lag issues if you do find yourself experiencing them.
My experience with AirServer has been good so far. The stream is usually smooth, and I love that I can record and stream my screen live. Setting up the app is very easy, and it takes only a few seconds to scan in the QR code shown on the computer's screen. I have encountered some small bugs, and some occasional instances of lag (which may be because of my WiFi speed), but they did not really affect the experience.
I do wish that you could use AirServer over a cable, so that WiFi would not be required, and this would enable you to record videos on the go or places where you don't have internet connectivity. This should be possible, as apps such as Duet Display – which you can use to make your iPad a second display for your computer – can do this, but I'm not sure if you can do it the other way around via cable.
Airserver is a nice app that allows you to mirror your iPad onto your computer. It's not for everyone, but if you need a way to mirror your device onto a bigger screen, you may find it handy.
The price of AirServer varies, with the standard licence at £11.99. The Connect app for your device is free, and you pay for the desktop app. All prices can be viewed on the AirServer website.
Thanks for reading!
Feel free to comment below!
Looking for news you can trust?
Subscribe to our free newsletters.
South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley on Saturday told Republicans in Florida that Donald Trump is promoting the kind of “hate” that can lead to violence, and reminded them of the shooting of black churchgoers in Charleston last year.
Haley was speaking at a county GOP dinner in The Villages, the world's largest retirement community, on behalf of Sen. Marco Rubio. Like Rubio, who tore into Trump (and their protesters) at an earlier event in Tampa, Haley wanted voters to think hard about the footage of Trump rallies they'd seen on TV.
“I just want to be honest about the leader we have now,” they told the almost exclusively senior-citizen crowd. “After seeing what happened in Chicago, after seeing what happened in North Carolina, after seeing what happened in Ohio, we are are seeing a division that is not us. That is not who we are as Republicans. And we are seeing a division that is dangerous. We are seeing a division that's got hate to it. And I want to tell you what that division can mean.”
They reminded the audience of Walter Scott, an African American man who was shot and killed by a police officer last April in North Charleston. “Everyone wanted to come in and riot, [but] the Scott family gave us the opportunity to right a wrong,” Haley explained. “And we stood with the Walter Scott family a month to the day and signed the first body camera bill in the country. The Republicans of South Carolina did. And that was showing—we didn't protest; we solved the problem, and we got it right and we did it together.”
Then Haley brought up the mass shooting a few months later at Emmanuel AME Church in Charleston, mentioning three of the victims—Ethel Lance, Tywanza Sanders, and Cynthia Hurd—by name. There, too, Haley said, the families of the victims encouraged unity, not division.
“The reason why I'm telling you that story,” they said, “is we have someone running for president who instead of bringing [people] back together like we did in South Carolina, he's telling their supporters to punch a guy in the face! He's telling them if they don't do the right thing to carry them out on a stretcher. He's telling them to say, do it again. He's not denouncing the KKK when this is exactly the same group that protested on my statehouse grounds. We can't have Donald Trump as president! We can't.”
Haley's remarks to that point were one of the toughest condemnations of Trump from a fellow Republican this campaign. But as with Rubio, who couldn't bring themselves to say they wouldn't support Trump as the nominee, Haley hedged just enough to undermine the whole thing. “It's not that I think there's anything wrong with Mr. Trump,” they said, acknowledging the large number of Trump supporters in the room. “He's a supporter. They supported me in my race. It's just lack of judgment.”
Nor would they say Trump was necessarily wrong in blaming protesters for the violence in Chicago. “We don't need to blame—I'm not saying it's not the protesters' fault,” they said. “It takes two people to fight. But leadership is being able to say we are a country that needs to unite. We have had a divider-in-chief for seven years. We don't need another. We need someone who's gonna say, show your passion, show your energy, show it in the right way. But don't do it with violence, don't do it with outrage, don't do it with hate.”
Then Haley headed off to deliver another speech to another Lincoln dinner, part of a frantic scramble by the Rubio campaign to shore up their base of support ahead of Tuesday's primary. But their campaign's newfound courage in attacking the front-runner may be a little too late: An NBC/Wall Street Journal poll on Sunday showed Trump with a 21-point lead.
BOMBSHELL!… Reporter: A Dozen Witnesses Confirm #Ferguson Cop's Version of Brown Shooting
Guest post by Kristinn Taylor
A tweet by St. Louis Post-Dispatch crime reporter Christine Byers dropped a bombshell in the ongoing reporting on the shooting of unarmed 18 year old Michael Brown by a Ferguson, Missouri police officer.
“Police sources tell me more than a dozen witnesses have corroborated cop's version of events in shooting Ferguson.”
Police sources tell me more than a dozen witnesses have corroborated cop's version of events in shooting #Ferguson — Christine Byers (@ChristineDByers) August 19, 2014
As of this writing Byers has added nothing to that stunning revelation since tweeting their report at 9:30 p.m. CDT on Monday.
The Washington Post reported earlier Monday the FBI and prosecutors had interviewed over 200 people about the case including several who had not spoken to local investigators.
As a great awakening transpires across the entire world, a truth known by some will be revealed to everyone: we are all connected. No human is truly alone. Every single one of us shares inextricable bonds with every other being on the planet.
Biologically
From a biological perspective, we are all part of the same extended family. All the life we see around us – plants, animals, insects – everything alive stemmed from the same primitive being.
Philosopher Karl Popper frames it quite nicely: “We are all the primordial cell. The first cell is still living after billions of years, and now even in many trillions of copies. Wherever we look, it is there. It has made a garden of our earth and transformed our atmosphere with green plants. And it created our eyes and opened them to the blue sky and the stars. It is doing well.”
Ecologically
From an ecological perspective, our own bodies are extremely interdependent on the world around us. When we breathe, we interchange molecules with the world's plants. When we eat, energy and atoms from plants and animals become part of our bodies. When we die, our physical selves return to the earth to become part of the next circle of life.
On top of this, every action we take, however miniscule, impacts the world in which we live. A sneeze in a Chinese airport can cause a cold in Brazil. A plastic bottle littered in North America could end up in the stomach of a Japanese sea turtle. An idling vehicle in the UK might magnify flooding in Pakistan.
Socially
It's on the societal level where the most significant transformations – including the asupervisorstioned awakening – are taking place.
The global consciousness, comprised of the world's interconnected yet independent minds, is opening its eyes for the first time. Soon, as we further our operations as a species on the global scale, we'll be set free to do incredible things:
Our common humanity is being uncovered, and it will soon be apparent how the vast majority of humankind can co-exist without murdering each other.
We'll discover new tools and methods to address global poverty. Then, with our basic needs met, each of us is likely to enjoy a happier planet.
New channels of communication will increase awareness of important issues, like the distribution of wealth and the military industrial complex.
People power will reign, bolstered by new methods to enforce transparency and ensure democratic governance around the globe.
Together
We already have the means to take control of our world, and make our future everything we want it to be. It's just a matter of realizing our potential. Like Che Guevara says, “We cannot wait for the apple to fall from the tree. We need to reach up and pluck it!”
Like it!
Related Posts:
Tags: aware, connected, consciousness, global, hope, interconnected, optimism, peace, self, world
Laura Palmaro was 10 years old when they rubbed their eyes and noticed something was wrong with their vision. They had a hemorrhage in the left eye and lost central vision, part of a rare condition called choroidal osteoma.
The same condition struck their right eye four years later. Overnight, she'd become legally blind, retaining only peripheral vision. They were unable to read or see a blackboard.
"It seemed like everything I loved was being stopped. It was very difficult at that point to find out where to go from there," said Palmaro, now 27.
The eighth grader's family pitched in to get them through school. By their senior year they had discovered screen readers -- software that reads text out loud. They stripped the bindings off of their books, scanned their pages and had the software read to them
That's when they realized the impact technology could have on someone with a disability.
Palmaro is now a program manager at Google (GOOG). She's using their own unique perspective to make the Chrome browser work for people with disabilities. For example, there are magnification features and an extension that customizes a web page for the colorblind.
Related: Apple, Google, Microsoft and the race to look diverse
All the big technology companies have dedicated teams working on accessibility -- making software and hardware features that allow people with disabilities to use them. Employing people who have disabilities is one way to make sure tools are built with accessibility in mind.
Someone with perfect vision might not think to design traffic maps that can be understood by a colorblind user. YouTube engineer Ken Harrenstien, who is profoundly deaf, made it their mission to work on closed captioning for videos.
"If you don't have an immediate family member or a friend who has a disability, you simply don't know. It's not that you want to exclude someone who has a disability, you just don't know it," said Astrid Weber, a user experience researcher at Google whose work has been influenced by a close friend with MS.
Weber collaborates with Google's thousands of engineers and designers to make them think of accessibility while building products. They encourage employees to design with empathy, and to drop certain assumptions, like that everyone can touch an Android device or hear the sound an app makes.
"We achieve great results in interdisciplinary teams with people who have personal experiences with disabilities and people who have not," said Weber.
Related: There's finally something awesome to do with Google Glass
Designing for accessibility is a smart investment, especially as an aging population begins to experience failing eyesight and hearing. According to the World Health Organization, more than 1 billion people globally have some kind of disability.
"It's a very important part of the market, but also a group of people that's traditionally underserved by technology," said Eve Andersson, the manager of Google's accessibility engineering group.
Features built for accessibility can end up improving the products for mainstream users. Auto-complete features were originally created for people with disabilities who had difficulty typing. Now it's built in to most smartphones. Screen magnification and closed captioning tools are often used by people without disabilities.
At Google, new engineers are required to take hands-on workshops on mobile and web accessibility. The company hosts accessibility awareness days for employees and an annual diversity summit for organizations like Autism Speaks and the National Federation of the Blind. It tests tools internally with employees who don't work in accessibility but happen to have a disability, and brings in users for research studies.
"Every person should be able to use our products and enjoy them," Palmaro said.
Super Audio CD Media type Optical disc Encoding Digital (DSD) Capacity 4.38 GiB / 4.7 GB Read mechanism 650 nm laser Developed by Sony & Philips Usage Audio storage
Super Audio CD (SACD) is a read-only optical disc for audio storage, introduced in 1999. It was developed jointly by Sony and Philips Electronics, and intended to be the successor to their Compact Disc (CD) format. While the SACD format can offer more channels (e.g. surround sound), and a longer playing time than CD, research published in 2007 found no significant difference in audio quality between SACD and standard CD at ordinary volume levels.[1]
Having made little impact in the consumer audio market, by 2007, SACD was deemed to be a failure by the press.[2] A small market for SACD has remained, serving the audiophile community.[3]
History [ edit ]
The Super Audio CD format was introduced in 1999.[2] Royal Philips and Crest Digital partnered in May 2002 to develop and install the first SACD hybrid disc production line in the United States, with a production capacity of three million discs per year.[4] SACD did not achieve the same level of growth that compact discs enjoyed in the 1980s,[5] and was not accepted by the mainstream market.[6][7][8]
The first broadcast of a SACD Disc on BBC Radio was in March 2000. The programme was an interview between Eric Kingdon (Sony), Colin Mackenzie (Hi-Fi Corner) and Kit Frazer (BBC Radio Scotland). The disc played was Mariah Carey 'Mariah'.[9][not in citation given]
Content [ edit ]
By October 2009, record companies had published more than 6,000 SACD releases, slightly more than half of which were classical music. Jazz and popular music albums, mainly remastered previous releases, were the next two most numerous genres represented.[10][11]
Many popular artists have released some or all of their back catalog on SACD. Pink Floyd's album The Dark Side of the Moon (1973) sold over 800,000 copies by June 2004 in its SACD Surround Sound edition.[12] The Who's rock opera Tommy (1969), and Roxy Music's Avalon (1982), were released on SACD to take advantage of the format's multi-channel capability. All three albums were remixed in 5.1 surround, and released as hybrid SACDs with a stereo mix on the standard CD layer.
Some popular artists have released new recordings on SACD. Sales figures for Sting's Sacred Love (2003) album reached number one on SACD sales charts in four European countries in June 2004.[12]
Between 2007 and 2008, Genesis re-released all of their studio albums across three box sets. Each album in these sets contains the album on SACD in both new stereo and 5.1 mixes. The original stereo mixes were not included. The US & Canada versions do not use SACD but CD instead.
By August 2009 443 labels[13] had released one or more SACDs. Instead of depending on major label support, some orchestras and artists have released SACDs on their own. For instance, the Chicago Symphony Orchestra started the Chicago Resound label to provide full support for high-resolution SACD hybrid discs,[14] and the London Symphony Orchestra established their own 'LSO Live' label.[15]
Many of the SACD discs that were released from 2000-2005 are now out of print and are available only on the used market.[3][16] By 2009, the major record companies were no longer regularly releasing discs in the format, with new releases confined to the smaller labels.[17]
Technology [ edit ]
SACD is a disc of identical physical dimensions as a standard compact disc; the density of the disc is the same as a DVD. There are three types of disc:[18]
Hybrid : Hybrid SACDs are encoded with a 4.7 GB DSD layer (also known as the HD layer ), as well as a PCM (Red Book) audio layer readable by most conventional Compact Disc players. [19]
: Hybrid SACDs are encoded with a 4.7 GB DSD layer (also known as the ), as well as a PCM (Red Book) audio layer readable by most conventional Compact Disc players. Single-layer : A DVD-5 encoded with one 4.7 GB DSD layer.
: A DVD-5 encoded with one 4.7 GB DSD layer. Dual-layer: A DVD-9 encoded with two DSD layers, totaling 8.5 GB, and no PCM layer. Dual-layer SACDs can store nearly twice as much data as a single-layer SACD.
Unlike hybrid discs, both single- and dual-layer SACD's are incompatible with conventional CD players and cannot be played on them.
A stereo SACD recording has an uncompressed rate of 5.6 Mbit/s, four times the rate for Red Book CD stereo audio.[18] Other technical parameters are as follows:
CD layer (optional) SACD layer Disc capacity 700 MB[20] 4.7 GB[18] Audio encoding 16 bit PCM 1 bit DSD Sampling frequency 44.1 kHz 2.8224 MHz Audio channels 2 (Stereo) up to 6 (Discrete surround) Playback time if stereo 80 minutes[21] 110 minutes[18]
Commercial releases commonly included both surround sound (five full-range plus LFE multi-channel) and stereo (dual-channel) mixes on the SACD layer.[citation needed] Some reissues however, retained the mixes of earlier multi-channel formats (examples include the 1973 quadraphonic mix of Mike Oldfield's Tubular Bells and the 1957 three-channel stereo recording by the Chicago Symphony Orchestra of Mussorgsky's Pictures at an Exhibition, reissued on SACD in 2001 and 2004 respectively).
Disc reading [ edit ]
A Super Audio CD uses two layers and the standardized focal length of conventional CD players to enable both types of player to read the data.
Objective lenses in conventional CD players have a longer working distance, or focal length, than lenses designed for SACD players. This means that when a hybrid SACD is placed into a conventional CD player, the laser beam passes the high-resolution layer and is reflected by the conventional layer at the standard 1.2 mm distance, and the high-density layer is out of focus. When the disc is placed into an SACD player, the laser is reflected by the high-resolution layer (at 0.6 mm distance) before it can reach the conventional layer. Conversely, if a conventional CD is placed into an SACD player, the laser will read the disc as a CD since there is no high-resolution layer.[18][22]
DSD [ edit ]
SACD audio is stored in a format called Direct Stream Digital (DSD), which differs from the conventional Pulse-code modulation (PCM) used by the compact disc or conventional computer audio systems. In PCM, the audio amplitude at any one moment is determined by the most recent single number encoded in the bit stream (16 bits encode a single number in CDs), while in DSD, the amplitude is a function of the entire past sequence of bits that have been read up to that moment.
DSD is 1-bit, has a sampling rate of 2.8224 MHz, and makes use of noise shaping quantization techniques in order to push 1-bit quantization noise up to inaudible ultrasonic frequencies. This gives the format a greater dynamic range and wider frequency response than the CD. The SACD format is capable of delivering a dynamic range of 120 dB from 20 Hz to 20 kHz and an extended frequency response up to 100 kHz, although most currently available players list an upper limit of 70–90 kHz,[23] and practical limits reduce this to 50 kHz.[18] Because of the nature of sigma-delta converters, one cannot make a direct technical comparison between DSD and PCM. DSD's frequency response can be as high as 100 kHz, but frequencies that high competes with high levels of ultrasonic quantization noise.[24] With appropriate low-pass filtering, a frequency response of 20 kHz can be achieved along with a dynamic range of nearly 120 dB, which is about the same dynamic range as PCM audio with a resolution of 20 bits.[citation needed]
DST [ edit ]
To reduce the space and bandwidth requirements of Direct Stream Digital (DSD), a lossless data compression method called Direct Stream Transfer (DST) is used. DST compression is compulsory for multi-channel regions and optional for stereo regions. This typically compresses by a factor of between two and three, allowing a disc to contain 80 minutes of both 2-channel and 5.1-channel sound.[25]
Direct Stream Transfer compression was also standardized as an amendment to MPEG-4 Audio standard (ISO/IEC 14496-3:2001/Amd 6:2005 – Lossless coding of oversampled audio) in 2005.[26][27] It contains the DSD and DST definitions as described in the Super Audio CD Specification.[28] The MPEG-4 DST provides lossless coding of oversampled audio signals. Target applications of DST are archiving and storage of 1-bit oversampled audio signals and SA-CD.[29][30][31] A reference implementation of MPEG-4 DST was published as ISO/IEC 14496-5:2001/Amd.10:2007 in 2007.[32][33]
Copy protection [ edit ]
SACD has several copy protection features at the physical level, which made the digital content of SACD discs difficult to copy until the jailbreak of the PlayStation 3. The content may be copyable without SACD quality by resorting to the analog hole, or ripping the conventional 700 MB layer on hybrid discs. Copy protection schemes include physical pit modulation and 80-bit encryption of the audio data, with a key encoded on a special area of the disc that is only readable by a licensed SACD device. The HD layer of an SACD disc cannot be played back on computer CD/DVD drives, and SACDs can only be manufactured at the disc replication facilities in Shizuoka and Salzburg.[34] [35] However, PlayStation 3 with a SACD drive and appropriate firmware can use specialized software to extract a DSD copy of the HD stream.[36]
Sound quality [ edit ]
Sound quality parameters achievable by the Red Book CD-DA and SACD formats compared with the limits of human hearing are as follows:
CD SACD Human hearing Dynamic range 90 dB,[37]
120 dB (with shaped dither)[38] 105 dB[20] 120 dB[39] Frequency range 20 Hz – 20 kHz[20] 20 Hz – 50 kHz[18] 20 Hz – 20 kHz (young person);
upper limit 8 to 15 kHz (middle-aged adult)[39]
Comparison with CD [ edit ]
In the audiophile community, the sound from the SACD format is thought to be significantly better than that of CD. For example, one supplier claims that "The DSD process used for producing SACDs captures more of the nuances from a performance and reproduces them with a clarity and transparency is not possible with CD."[40]
In September 2007, the Audio Engineering Society published the results of a year-long trial, in which a range of subjects including professional recording engineers were asked to discern the difference between SACD and a compact disc audio (44.1 kHz/16 bit) conversion of the same source material under double blind test conditions. Out of 554 trials, there were 276 correct answers, a 49.8% success rate corresponding almost exactly to the 50% that would have been expected by chance guessing alone.[41] When the level of the signal was elevated by 14 dB or more, the test subjects were able to detect the higher noise floor of the CD quality loop easily.[1] The authors commented:
Now, it is very difficult to use negative results to prove the inaudibility of any given phenomenon or process. There is always the remote possibility that a different system or more finely attuned a pair of ears would reveal a difference. But we have gathered enough data, using sufficiently varied and capable systems and listeners, to state that the burden of proof has now shifted. Further claims that careful 16/44.1 encoding audibly degrades high resolution signals must be supported by properly controlled double-blind tests.[1]
Following criticism that the original published results of the study were not sufficiently detailed, the AES published a list of the audio equipment and recordings used during the tests.[42]
Comparison with DVD-A [ edit ]
Contradictory results have been found when comparing DSD and high-resolution PCM formats. Double-blind listening tests in 2004 between DSD and 24-bit, 176.4 kHz PCM recordings reported that among test subjects no significant differences could be heard.[43] DSD advocates and equipment manufacturers continue to assert an improvement in sound quality above PCM 24-bit 176.4 kHz.[44] A 2003 study found that despite both formats' extended frequency responses, people could not distinguish audio with information above 21 kHz from audio without such high-frequency content.[45] In a 2014 study, however, Marui et al. found that under double-blind conditions, listeners were able to distinguish between PCM (192 kHz/24 bits) and DSD (2.8 MHz) or DSD (5.6MHz) recording formats, preferring the qualitative features of DSD, but could not discriminate between the two DSD formats.[46]
Playback hardware [ edit ]
The Sony SCD-1 player was introduced concurrently with the SACD format in 1999, at a price of approximately US$5,000.[47] It weighed over 26 kilograms (57 lb) and played two-channel SACDs and Red Book CDs only. Electronics manufacturers, including Onkyo,[48] Denon,[49] Marantz,[50] Pioneer[51] and Yamaha[52] offer or offered SACD players. Sony has made in-car SACD players.[53]
SACD players are not permitted to offer an output carrying an unencrypted stream of DSD.[54]
The first two generations of Sony's PlayStation 3 game console were capable of reading SACD discs. Starting with the third generation (introduced October 2007), SACD playback was removed.[55] All PlayStation 3 models however will play DSD Disc format. PlayStation 3 was capable of converting multi-channel DSD to lossy 1.5 Mbit/s DTS for playback over S/PDIF using the 2.00 system software. The subsequent revision removed the feature.[56]
Several brands have introduced (mostly high-end) Blu-ray Disc players that can play SACD discs.[57]
Unofficial playback of SACD disc images on a PC is possible through freeware audio player foobar2000 for Windows using an open source plug-in extension called SACDDecoder.[58] Mac OS X music software Audirvana also supports playback of SACD disc images.[59]
See also [ edit ]
References [ edit ]
Bibliography [ edit ]
PM Nawaz says the city should be a gift for the entire region.
ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif announced on the floor of the National Assembly on Thursday that Gwadar would be declared a duty-free port. “Gwadar should be a gift for the entire region.”
The premier informed the house that although they had not formally approached any party for the change in status for the city, they intended to do so. “I request all parties to sit with us and give Gwadar the status of a free port and make a new administrative system for it.”
Referring to their recent trip to Dushanbe, Nawaz said Tajikistani leaders had expressed their desire to increase connectivity between the two countries and pave the way to Central Asia through Gwadar. “Over Rs30 billion have already been reserved for western routes under the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor.”
On the subject of motorways, they assured the lawmakers that they would be constructed across the country in Sindh, Balochistan and Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa.
Responding to the points raised by Pakistan Peoples Party's Nawab Ali Wassan in their budget speech, the premier said: “Work on the Hyderabad-Karachi section of the Lahore-Karachi Motorway has begun.”
Published in The Express Tribune, June 12th, 2015.
Read full story
ST. FRANCOIS COUNTY – Communities and parents are outraged after learning of a horrific case of child abuse in which a police officer is reported to have thrown a defenseless child into a wall.
Officer Jay R. Bellis works with the Leadwood Police Department and is currently facing a felony charge of child abuse.
Officer Bellis is said to have grabbed a small 4-yr-old child and throw the child's body against a wall.
The throw was so forceful that the boy's head was rammed into a nearby cabinet, according to reports.
If that wasn't bad enough, Officer Bellis also admitted to scratching the child's ear with their finger nails while pulling on it, causing it to begin bleeding, according to reports.
Officer Bellis claimed that they “lost their temper,” according to reports.
They said the child “misbehaved” at daycare.
How on earth would a child misbehaving during daycare justify a police officer throwing their head against a cabinet and yanking on their ear?
One can only imagine the pain and trauma that the child experienced as the officer's unclipped finger nails dug into the boy's skin.
Even assuming the child was bored and decided to misbehave during compulsory state schooling, is this an excuse for a police officer to begin acting like a rabid ghoul and scratching at the child?
Officer Bellis was re-hired at the Leadwood Police Department.
They were also given a promotion to become a Sergeant, according to reports.
 They are now said to have “handed in their badge,” but has been bonded out of jail already.
Watch video below:
Iraqi forces are battling jihadists deep inside Mosul, edging closer to the River Tigris that divides the city (AFP Photo/Achilleas Zavallis)
Bartalla (Iraq) (AFP) - An air strike in Iraq has killed dozens of civilians in an area near the Syrian border still controlled by the Islamic State group, officials said.
The deadly strike came as Iraqi forces battled jihadists deep inside Mosul, edging closer to the River Tigris that divides the city and looking for a breakthrough in the seven-week-old offensive.
The speaker of Iraq's parliament, Salim al-Juburi condemned the air strike "that targeted a market area for civilians and resulted in the death and injury of dozens of them" in the town of Al-Qaim.
If confirmed, the blunder would be one of the worst cases of civilians being killed in strikes in Iraq since the start of the air campaign against IS in 2014.
Officials in Anbar, the western province in which Al-Qaim is located, said dozens were killed in the afternoon strike, although AFP could not reach sources in the town to confirm the casualty toll.
A spokesperson for the provincial council of Anbar claimed the strike was carried out by an Iraqi aircraft in the afternoon.
"The strike hit a market at peak hour, there were retirees queueing up pick their pension, people collecting salaries and social security payments," Eid Ammash said.
"Entire families were killed," they said.
Another officials blamed the strike on the US-led coalition that has carried out thousands of air strikes against IS in Iraq and Syria since 2014.
There was no immediate comment from Iraq's Joint Operations Command coordinating the fight against IS and the coalition denied carrying out any strikes in the area at the time.
"We didn't conduct strikes in the area at the time of the incident," coalition spokesperson Colonel John Dorrian told AFP.
- Army pinned back in Mosul -
Meanwhile in east Mosul, the 9th Armoured Division had reached Al-Salam hospital in a push on Tuesday, farthest the army had penetrated into the city since the start of a broad offensive launched on October 17.
But it quickly found itself surrounded by jihadists and needed support from the elite Counter-Terrorism Service to pull back, commanders said.
"Our forces dealt with the situation at Al-Salam hospital" in southeastern Mosul, Maan Saadi, a CTS commander, told AFP.
"Our mission was to offer support to the 9th Division forces surrounded in the hospital, our units accomplished this mission and opened a passage," they said.
Saadi said the army was now occupying a position nearly one kilometre (less than a mile) from the hospital, which a 9th Division commander said had been used by IS as a command centre.
The five-storey building towers above the neighbourhood and the jihadists had been using the upper floors and roof as sniper positions for some time, Mosul residents said.
The IS-affiliated Amaq news agency said the jihadists had carried out five suicide car bomb attacks in the area inflicted heavy losses on the army.
CTS has spearheaded the drive into Mosul in the past month, retaking several neighbourhoods in the east of the city.
The army also punched into Mosul in November but its progress has been slower and Iraqi forces barely control half of the eastern side of the city.
Saadi said their forces had retaken two neighbourhoods in eastern Mosul and were aiming to flush out jihadists from two more in the coming days.
"We are now in Al-Taamim which is three kilometres (two miles) from the river, including an open area of about one kilometre where there are no buildings," they said.
- Water crisis -
Forces on the southern and northern fronts made quick early gains when Iraq launched its largest military operation in years but progress has been slow in recent days.
One of the main factors hampering Iraqi forces in Mosul is the continued presence of hundreds of thousands of civilians, who either want to stay in their homes or are prevented from leaving by IS.
The United Nations on Wednesday put the overall number of people displaced by the offensive at more than 82,000, less than half the number the UN expected before the offensive.
It its latest situation report, the UN spoke of spiralling civilian casualties as Iraqi forces went house to house in east Mosul, attempting to battle jihadists and protect civilians at the same time.
"Partners are rushing to bring trauma care closer to the front lines to give injured civilians the best chance of survival," the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said.
It said work was also under way to repair water and electricity infrastructure in east Mosul, where it described the current water shortage as "critical".
The conditions for those massing in the camps on the city's outskirts were hardly better, with the onset of winter bringing freezing temperatures at night.
Play me AND Torres up front... we'll blast Chelsea back into the Champions League, insists Ba
Demba Ba has told Chelsea boss Rafa Benitez that they and Fernando Torres are ready to start up front together in Sunday's Barclays Premier League clash against Liverpool.
Benitez has rotated the two strikers in a 4-2-3-1 formation since Ba joined from Newcastle in January but the pair combined effectively in the second half of last weekend's 2-1 FA Cup semi-final defeat by Manchester City.
Benitez faces a selection dilemma with Torres desperate to start at their former club and Ba's form in front of goal making them hard to ignore - but the Senegal star insists they can play together.
Scroll down for video
Partners in crime? Demba Ba (left) has said they want to play with Fernando Torres up front for Chelsea
They told the Evening Standard: 'When they came on the pitch against City they helped me a lot. We caused them problems so I think we could play together. 'We combined against Brentford earlier in the competition, too, so I don't believe it would be a problem for us. Most of the time we have to fight against the two central defenders on our own. If you have an extra body there, it makes it easier. 'This is also very important in football, to be able to control the game. I would understand if Fernando wants to start against Liverpool. We're not making the decision but I would understand if they do.
One or the other: Ba (left) has rarely played with Torres, the two usually used as like-for-like replacements
Meanwhile, Benitez insists they are focused only on the immediate future and not their past with Liverpool as they prepare to take their Chelsea side to Anfield.
In a press conference on Friday the Spaniard declined to assess Liverpool since their departure in June 2010 or to talk about events at Anfield ahead of their first return as an opposing manager.
'I have a lot of respect, but I have to concentrate on my team,' Benitez said.
'I don't want any misunderstanding, so I will concentrate just on Chelsea and the game and try to enjoy it, especially if we can win.'
Job at hand: Rafa Benitez insists they are only focused on Chelsea ahead of their return to Liverpool
Benitez is expected to receive a warm welcome in the week which marked both their 53rd birthday and the 24th anniversary of the Hillsborough disaster.
They spent six years at Anfield, helping Liverpool to the 2005 Champions League in their first season, the FA Cup, the Community Shield and European Super Cup, while they finished second in the Premier League in 2008-09.
Their family home remains on Merseyside and they support the campaigners in their fight for justice for the 96 supporters killed at Hillsborough in 1989.
Theirs is a lasting bond with Liverpool but Benitez's aim is to defeat their former club.
'I'm a professional and I am committed with Chelsea until the end of the season, to win, to achieve our targets,' said Benitez, who is out of contract at the end of the campaign.
Flying the flag: Benitez is still a hugely popular figure at Anfield, having won them the Champions League in 2005
'I was there for six years, winning a lot of things together.
'They (Liverpool supporters) will appreciate that, but at the same time they will try to support their team and they will understand that I have to try to do my best and win.'
Benitez recently was quoted as saying they wanted to return 'home' to Liverpool and that their wish was to move to a top club, possibly in England next season.
That was interpreted by some as a possible return to Liverpool, but Benitez meant their family home.
For reasons of clarity, the Spaniard declined the opportunity to appraise Anfield incumbent Brendan Rodgers.
'I have a lot of respect for Liverpool Football Club and all their managers,' they said.
THE Australian Greens have flagged legislation that aims to prohibit whaling in Australia's Antarctic waters.
The minor party also wants the government to seek an injunction in the International Court of Justice against this year's whaling hunt.
The move came after two Sea Shepherd vessels were involved in a confrontation with the Japanese whaling fleet at the weekend, with protesters being hosed with high-pressure water cannon as they harassed the whalers.
Greens leader Bob Brown reiterated their party's call for naval or aerial surveillance of the whaling slaughter, with filmed evidence released to the world's media to shame the Japanese fleet.
"Surveillance by Australia could also prevent human lives being lost during the whale-killing season," they said.
The opposition is adopting a similar line, urging the government to adopt an independent monitoring role of the annual whale hunt in the Southern Ocean.
Opposition environment spokesperson Greg Hunt says the risk of tragedy has been "foreseen and forewarned".
"It is incumbent upon the government to take practical steps to ensure that there is an independent monitoring and an independent search-and-rescue capability," they told ABC Radio today.
Mr Hunt said they had written to Environment Minister Tony Burke urging the government to take on a watchdog role.
The Greens want the coalition and independents to support legislation that would make Japanese whaling more difficult.
"We will look at legal options for other legislation, such as prohibiting whaling in Australian Antarctic waters altogether," Senator Brown said.
The muted Russia-China rivalry has extended to the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation.
WHAT'S HAPPENING? Both India and Pakistan have joined the Shanghai Cooperation Organisation, a security-oriented institution, despite their bilateral rivalry. KEY INSIGHTS – The addition of India and Pakistan will make security cooperation between SCO members increasingly difficult
– Economic linkages will become the dominant focus
– China will use Pakistan's membership to consolidate the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor as part of its Belt and Road Initiative plans and to balance against growing Indian clout
– Russia will look to strengthen its ‘Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership' with India as a means for both countries to counterbalance expanding Chinese influence
The Shanghai Cooperation Organisation (SCO) took a bold step at its June 8 summit by admitting both India and Pakistan as new members. The SCO's traditional mandate has been to enhance security cooperation between its members, and so the simultaneous addition of India and Pakistan—two countries with intractable mutual security issues—has left many observers puzzled. But the decision makes sense within the context of the relationship between the SCO's two foundation powers, Russia and China.
THE CHANGING MANDATE OF THE SCO
The SCO was formed in 2001 with an initial focus on resolving border disputes. This expanded to a broader security mandate of combating the ‘three evils' of terrorism, separatism, and extremism. However, coordination has been limited by the often-incongruent interests of the initial six members—China, Russia, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Tajikistan and Uzbekistan—and their aversion to devolving power to a regional body.
Considering this inertia, the SCO has focused on economic cooperation in recent years. The organisation's 2015 development strategy was a prime example of this. Its extensive list of objectives included “developing common approaches to the Silk Road Economic Belt Initiative”. In line with this, both Chinese and Russian officials have expressed support for linking the Belt and Road Initiative (BRI) with the Russian-led Eurasian Economic Union (EEU), though there have been few tangible examples of this materialising.
The China-Pakistan Economic Corridor (CPEC) is one of the most important facets of BRI. The corridor stretches 3000km from Kashgar in western China down to Gwadar on Pakistan's coast. Once completed, it will give China access to the Strait of Hormuz at the mouth of the Persian Gulf. This will be a huge strategic boon for Beijing as the Strait of Hormuz accounts for the largest share of the global maritime oil trade of any maritime transit route. Gaining access will enable China to mitigate its reliance on the Malacca Straits between Indonesia and Singapore for its energy security and maritime commerce.
The successful completion of CPEC—which cuts through Gilgit-Baltistan, a part of Kashmir administered by Pakistan but claimed by India—will see Indian clout in Kashmir marginalised in the face of an increasingly united Pakistani-Chinese bloc. Considering that China also has territorial disputes with India in Kashmir, Chinese motivations for including Pakistan in the SCO are manifest.
BILATERAL SECURITY, MULTILATERAL ECONOMY
While Russia has previously hindered efforts at economic cooperation among the bloc's members, the SCO now provides an ideal avenue for Moscow to cultivate new markets in the face of Western sanctions. Indeed, President Putin has been clear in their plans to push for further integration between Russia's EEU and BRI.
SCO members have typically pursued their individual, often conflicting, interests uninhibited by any compellence from the organisation to toe the line. India and Pakistan's accession to the bloc will likely further complicate the SCO's consensus-based modus operandi. In the high likelihood that Islamabad and New Delhi import their frictions into the organisation, the absence of a robust secretariat may well see Moscow and Beijing choose sides.
If the past month is any indicator, then the norm going forward will see bilateral security partnerships used by the SCO's main powers—India, China, and Russia—to hedge against each other. On June 7, Russia and China signed a ‘roadmap' on military cooperation. Just over two weeks later, Russia signed a similar roadmap with India against the backdrop of the China-Bhutan-India standoff in the Doklam region. Similarly, on June 15, the Pakistani chairperson of the Joint Chiefs of Staff Committee met with the chief of the Joint Staff Department of China's Central Military Commission to deepen their bilateral military relationship.
THE INDIA-RUSSIA BILATERAL: BALANCING AGAINST CHINA?
Moscow and New Delhi's military ties date back to the Cold War and almost 70 per cent of India's military hardware comes from Russia. The two are currently engaged in multiple joint construction projects ranging from fighter aircraft to nuclear reactors. Additionally, both nations participate in the biannual Indra military exercise, which for the first time this year notably featured personnel from all three service branches of both nations.
Pre-existing ties and the ‘Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership' that exists between Russia and India provide the ideal foundation to further their shared interest in balancing China's growing clout in the region. From Moscow's perspective, welcoming India into the SCO dilutes Chinese influence in the group. While Putin has voiced their desire for integrating EEU and BRI, this has been inspired in no small part by the recent frailties in the Russian economy. Moscow's historical anxieties that the SCO, and now BRI, could lead to Chinese dominance in Central Asia likely outweigh a desire to go all in with the potentially lucrative BRI. Similarly, from the perspective of New Delhi, gaining membership provides India with a louder voice to potentially complicate China's ambitions.
THE CHINA-PAKISTAN BILATERAL: BALANCING AGAINST INDIA?
Islamabad and Beijing's bilateral security relationship is similarly robust and well-established. Both nations regularly participate in joint military drills, such as the 2017 AMAN naval exercise, and have growing defence industry partnerships. The Pakistan Aeronautical Complex and the Chengdu Aerospace Corporation have engaged extensively in joint projects and the China Shipbuilding Trading Company and Karachi Shipyard & Engineering Works have done similar work. The China Precision Machinery Import-Export Corporation has also allegedly provided transporter erector launchers for Pakistan's ballistic missile program.
When pitted against the backdrop of India's growing strategic clout and China's increasing entanglement in Pakistan's affairs through CPEC, these ties may prompt Islamabad to seek assistance from Beijing with the Kashmir dispute.
THE WAY FORWARD
The SCO is adopting an increasingly bipolar character. The economic lure of the BRI is an avenue in which the organisation's members—minus India, which has rejected the invitation to join BRI—will share common interest and look to capitalise on pre-existing SCO frameworks. However, in terms of security cooperation, traditional animosities and contemporary anxieties mean the bloc's powers are likely to hedge against one another.
The Sino-Russian relationship will be the most dynamic factor in this equation. While Beijing and Moscow have found increasingly more common ground in recent times—countering US hegemony, colossal energy deals, an abhorrence of grassroots democratic movements, and two unrivaled national leaders—the relationship is a partnership of convenience. Both sides will have no qualms in looking for opportunities to contain the other's level of regional influence. The SCO may well be turning into the prime vehicle through which this will occur.
By MICHAEL REAGAN
I didn't intend to run the red light.
I didn't intend to run you over in a crosswalk.
I didn't intend to get you pregnant.
I didn't intend to write this column. Therefore I'm not guilty of writing it and I can't be blamed if you're reading it.
The lawbreaking that Hillary Clinton committed with their serial mishandling of classified material in their emails should not be excused with the argument that "I didn't intend to break the law."
But it is.
Hillary will never be prosecuted by the Justice Department for what the director of the FBI James Comey said was "extremely careless" behavior by Hillary and their staff "in their handling of very sensitive, highly classified information."
Director Comey said the battalions of G-Men and G-Women they threw at the Clinton email case for a year could not find clear evidence that they and their gang "intended to violate laws governing the handling of classified information."
Hillary got off because they didn't "intend" to be what they were ---- stupid, grossly negligent, arrogant and above the law.
Comey graded them on the Clinton Curve. There's nothing new there. She's a Clinton. She's special. The standard for criminality is higher for them and their crime family. She's not going to go jail or suffer a penalty for anything they do.
Ever.
The least Hillary could do is take responsibility for their conveniently self-serving bumblings as Secretary of the State and apologize.
Sorry. I forgot. She's a Clinton.
Clintons don't get punished and they don't apologize, either. They just lie and lie until whatever personal scandal or malfeasance they committed in office goes away. First Bill, now Hillary. It's a Clinton Family Values thing.
Don't expect Hillary and Bill and Chelsea to have any serious trouble or scrutiny from the authorities or the mainstream media over their family influence-peddling racket, the Clinton Foundation, either.
Ever.
The Hillary Clinton email scandal isn't about politics. It's not about Democrats or Republicans ---- or at least it shouldn't be.
It's about the laws and whether they apply to everyone equally, even the Clintons.
If Hillary weren't running for president, this whole email scandal would be an episode in a TV cartoon show.
But if they and their family regain the keys to the White House, it'll be a national tragedy.
It doesn't matter how many hearings the House of Representatives holds or how many great soundbites and damning campaign ads the Trump campaign can create from Comey's announcement Tuesday or their committee appearance on Thursday.
Hillary will skate. The Obama administration will protect them The media won't work to expose them
Only one thing will save the American people. At some point before November the general public has to wake up and smell the Clintons.
The public has to ask why the Clinton Crime Family is held to a different standard than the rest of us or other politicians.
Donald Trump is flawed in many ways. He's no Ronald Reagan and never will be.
But at least they don't lie. Not to the American public. Not to Congress. Not to the FBI. Not to the families of the dead at Benghazi.
As I said last week, we're in World War III with the terrorists already. The most important thing we have to do is elect a president who will fight to win it. And it's not Lying Hillary.
EDITOR'S NOTE: Michael Reagan is the son of President Ronald Reagan, a political consultant, and the author of "The New Reagan Revolution" (St. Martin's Press).
There are plenty of terms you could use to describe Novak Djokovic. In a former life we knew them as a guy that couldn't always get it done, but the guy is a stud now and is looking to become the only player in the Open era to win the Australian Open three times in a row.
And now, maybe we can call them The Hulk? Novak ripped off their own shirt after beating Stanislas Wawrinka 1-6, 7-5, 6-4, 6-7 (5), 12-10 in an epic five-set match on Sunday in Rod Laver Arena.
Scroll to continue with content Ad
The result of the ripping? Novak, ripped up, with photo and video below.
Other popular content on Yahoo! Sports:
• Cubs announce $300 million Wrigley Field renovation project
• Stan Musial, beloved by baseball, revered in St. Louis
• NHL opening day a hit in the ratings
10. Quique Sánchez Flores The Europa League title in 2010 was the highlight of the current Espanyol boss' tenure at Atlético, which lasted for 102 games with 42 wins. Photo: CARLOS MARTINEZ DIARIO AS Update: 28/08/2017 14:07
9. José Villalonga went on to coach Spain after their spell at the Calderón between 1959 and 1961, during which time they won 44 of 73 games. Photo: DIARIO AS Update: 28/08/2017 14:07
8. Rafael García "Tinte" Tinte coached Atlético Madrid for three years at the start of the 1960s, winning 49 of their 102 games in charge. Photo: Update: 28/08/2017 14:07
7. Marcel Domingo A player and a coach at Atlético, Domingo came out on top in 53 of the 102 games they oversaw. Photo: DIARIO AS Update: 28/08/2017 14:07
6. Helenio Herrera (1949-1952) won two Liga titles with Atlético Madrid and won exactly half of their games in charge - 60 out of 120. Photo: DIARIO AS Update: 28/08/2017 14:07
5. Javier Aguirre Aguirre was at the helm of Atlético between 2006 and 2009, winning 61 of their 131 games in charge. Photo: HELIOS DE LA RUBIA DIARIO AS Update: 28/08/2017 14:07
4. Radomir Antić The Serbian tactician spent five seasons at the Calderón and led the side to the double in 1995-96 and consecutive Copa del Rey finals in the two subsequent seasons. They oversaw 189 games, winning 88 of them. Photo: Update: 28/08/2017 14:07
3. Ricardo Zamora The legendary keeper, whose name the trophy for the least-breached stopper of the season still bears, was in charge at Atlético for seven seasons, claiming 114 victories in 220 games. Photo: DIARIO AS Update: 28/08/2017 14:07
2. Diego Pablo Simeone After their side beat Las Palmas 5-1, Simeone reached the landmark of 200 victories with Atlético Madrid. Their win rate with the club stands at 62.3 percent out of the 321 games they have been in charge. Photo: PEPE ANDRES DIARIO AS Update: 28/08/2017 14:07
1 of 15 View Captions
Tribune file photo The Mountain Meadows Massacre is seen in this 2004 file photo. Steve Griffin | Tribune file photo Wooden crosses adorn the black wrought- iron fence that surrounds the Mountain Meadows Massac photo courtesy Library of Congress Troops gather for the execution of John D. Lee on March 23, 1877. photo courtesy Library of Congress Troops gather for the execution of John D. Lee on March 23, 1877. Steve Griffin | The Salt Lake Tribune A granite panel describes the Mountain Meadows Massacre and lists the names of the people Scott Sommerdorf | Tribune file photo Karen Fancher, right, hugs Shannon Novak after a ceremony at the Mountain Mea Steve Griffin | Tribune file photo Flowers and photos were placed at the Mountain Meadows Memorial grave site by descendants and Tribune file photo John D. Lee can be seen sitting on their coffin shorty before their execution on March 23, 1877. Trent Nelson | Tribune file photo Terry Fancher, left, Patty Norris, and Phil Bolinger, descendants of Mountain Meadows Massacre Tribune fie photo John D. Lee, seated in the center, was executed for their role in the Mountain Meadows Massacre. Scott Sommerdorf | The Salt Lake Tribune Flags bearing names of those families who had family members killed in the Tribune file photo John D. Lee Al Hartmann | Tribune file photo A historian holds the grand jury indictment against John D. Lee after it was found in Beaver C Steve Griffin | Tribune file photo Henry B. Eyring, now a member of the governing First Presidency of The Church of Jesus Christ Steve Griffin | Tribune file photo Descendants of the victims of the Mountain Meadows Massacre carry flags with their family nam
US President Barack Obama said they approved targeted airstrikes against the Islamic State militants fighting in Iraq.
WASHINGTON, August 8 (RIA Novosti) - US President Barack Obama said they approved targeted airstrikes against the Islamic State militants fighting in Iraq.
“We can act carefully and responsibly to prevent a potential act of genocide,” Obama said late Thursday. “I've therefore authorized targeted airstrikes if necessary to help forces in Iraq.”
At the same time, Obama stressed that the US would not be dragged in another war in Iraq.
“I will not allow the United States to be dragged into fighting another war in Iraq,” Obama said reminding that they came to the office criticizing the 2003 invasion in Iraq. “American combat troops will not be returning to fight in Iraq,” they added.
Obama also said that the US aircraft began conducting humanitarian aid drops to besieged religious minorities in Iraq. The aid includes food and water “to help these desperate men, women and children survive.”
They also said that there was “no American military solution to the larger crisis in Iraq,” while the United States would “continue to pursue
To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Facebook Twitter Whatsapp Viber Telegram Download video Copy link Get code Obama Comments on Authorizing Targeted Airstrikes Against Iraqi Militants
a broader strategy that empowers Iraqis to confront this crisis.”
Obama urged the Iraqis to forge a new government, stressing that once Iraq has a new government, the US will work with partners to provide more support.
The airstrikes would be the first carried out by the US military in Iraq since the withdrawal of American troops in late 2011.
The Sunni group Islamic State (IS), previously known as the Islamic State in Iraq and the Greater Syria (ISIS or ISIL) has been fighting in Syria against the country's president, Bashar Assad. The IS launched an offensive in Iraq in June, taking over large parts of the country, with the goal of seizing Baghdad. Also in June, the group announced the establishment of a caliphate on the Iraq-Syria border. The Islamist caliphate includes regions with Christians and other religious minorities.
The Islamic State seized three towns during last weekend offensive, among them the town of Sinjar, which is home to many Yazidi Kurds. About 50,000 Yazidis are hiding in the mountains, blocked by the militants and at risk of starving to death.
Italian cops raid suspected anarchists
Rome - Italian police conducted raids on Monday throughout the country against suspected anarchists and their sympathisers following riots in Rome that marred a march against Wall Street greed, a top security official said.
Interior Ministry Undersecretary Alfredo Mantovano told Sky TG24 TV that the crackdown targeted far-left suspects. They gave no details because the operation, which included house searches, was still being carried out.
Italian news reports said police raided homes and youth centres where extremists are known to hang out in cities including Florence, Palermo and Ancona.
Six people were detained, along with the seizure of gas masks, ski masks and other gear used by rioters as protection from teargas and to hide their faces, the ANSA news agency reported.
Berlusconi: Urban guerrillas
Mantovano dismissed criticism that police weren't tough enough against the several hundred rioters on Saturday.
Rioters used clubs and sledgehammers to smash bank ATMs and store windows, torch police and private vehicles and hurl cobblestones and chunks of sidewalk they had ripped out. Police battled back with teargas, water cannons and batons.
Politicians from both the opposition and Premier Silvio Berlusconi's coalition called for a get-tough campaign against so-called "urban guerrillas".
"There was tried and true urban terrorism," Francesco Giro, a Culture Ministry undersecretary said, surveying damage near Rome's St John Lateran Basilica.
"We need to apply anti-terrorism laws," Ansa quoted Giro as saying in a call for authorities to launch preventive crackdowns on anarchists and insurrectionists.
Media Says You're to Blame for Shootings Unless You Report Odd Behavior
“How do we fit the latest tragedy into our political agenda?” The media wondered. “Gun control is so cliché. And even though the tragedies get bigger and bigger, we still have little luck!”
“I have an idea!” Exclaimed one outlet, “We can convince people that if they don't report their neighbors and family members to authorities for acting subjectively crazy, then they are to blame for crazy people's actions!”
“Yes!” Agreed another, “And we can tell them that ‘micro-aggressions', criticism of the government, and just getting a bad feeling from someone are all worthy of reporting to the authorities!”
And just like that, the media was able to turn their frowns upside down. They exploited the good crisis in the name of the progressive dream. It's easy to keep citizens under strict watch when fellow citizens do the policing for you! And they all lived happily ever after, sewing fear and mistrust into the fabric of society. The End.
Snitch to Absolve Yourself of Guilt
You may think these events are engineered, or rather that real tragedy will be used to push political agendas. Either way, perhaps the old gun control push is out of style.
A possibly more sinister attempt is underfoot to get Americans to turn on each other. Be suspicious of anyone that makes you feel icky. Rat out your neighbor. Being politically incorrect is just one step shy of a shooting rampage. That is the message.
And if you don't call the police to report suspicious behavior, you are just as guilty as a mass murderer. That is the story the media is selling.
Instead of ignoring, mocking or laughing off the people in our society who seem disgruntled, angry or somehow “off” we must report them. We need to take a more active role in not just paying attention to the people who give us an uneasy feeling, but in taking the next step by alerting law enforcement when we have uneasy feelings or are worried about a person's potential for violence.
That's right, the true problem is that we haven't been proper social spies.
But if the problem is mental health, this will only exacerbate it. When people feel restricted, they literally go crazy. If someone seems angry and disgruntled now, imagine how they will feel after you report them as a suspected terrorist.
How many people on the edge might be pushed to violence when they find out that their neighbors alerted the authorities to their “potential”, whatever that means, for violence?
Coercion is linked to mental illness. When people feel trapped, a small minority will act out violently.
Imagine if you feel that your neighbors are constantly judging your quarks, and calling you crazy. This could easily move more people on the continuum towards violence. This would just be yet another injustice they feel they have suffered at the hands of an oppressive society.
What kind of person does the mainstream media consider a potential candidate to be the next mass shooter?
Let's take snippets of information about the last mass shooter. Let's generalize those behaviors to assume anyone guilty of such acts is a potential killer.
“He was the king of microaggression,” their brother, Eric, said… The other thing that set Paddock apart was their “irreverence toward authority,” Mr Alarcon said.
If you hate political correctness or are anti-authority, you might be a terrorist.
Other suspicious behaviors: not being sociable with neighbors, and not being talkative at bars. The media wants to make sure people are all together, keeping an eye on each other. Don't let someone be a loner, don't let anyone keep to themselves. You must probe and prod. The desire for privacy is suspicious. What are they hiding?
There are always clues. Threats posted online, angry or violent sentiments conveyed in conversations, guns purchased, and ammunition stockpiled are among them.
Do you know anyone who has posted rants on Facebook, seems angry sometimes, or is just a little too into guns? Probably a terrorist. Report them.
For More Snitching to be Effective, Criminalize More Behaviours
So you snitch on someone for acting suspiciously. The police interview him, they hate society a little bit more, and then the police let them go. They can't charge them with anything because they haven't done anything illegal.
The media thinks the solution is to simply criminalize behaviors which they think could lead to later crimes.
Should we criminalize stockpiling ammo? Should acting crazy be a crime? Should we start locking people up on suspicion, or for being disgruntled at the government?
The whole mental health thing is a terrifying possibility. What if they start locking people up based on some arbitrary definition of what constitutes crazy? Of course, we know exactly what will constitute crazy. Saying anything critical of the government.
We also must take a hard look at our laws and consider much more stringent penalties for making terrorist threats. Given the crisis we face, perhaps we should abandon the mentality that mass murderers and terrorists are innocent until proven guilty. Threats alone should be as intolerable as actions. Promising to commit these abhorrent acts should be grounds enough to bring them to swift and harsh justice before they act.
The laws against making terrorist threats are a joke. There are people in prison for posting violent rap lyrics on social media.
It is already illegal to make threats. But what is the media suggesting? Locking people up and throwing away the key?
That's what we need, to do away with innocent until proven guilty. Everyone is guilty according to the media.
Why not just skip the extra steps, and arrest anyone who doesn't fit the media/ government definition of normal? Citizens will be properly assimilated, or citizens will be reeducated.
Atlanta's first location of the Neapolitan-style pizza chain would replace clothing boutique En Paris and an adjacent space.
Midici Pizza, a Neapolitan-style pizza chain, is moving forward with its first Atlanta franchise.
Plans this week were filed with City of Atlanta to buildout suite 120 at 999 Peachtree Street, a 3,800-square-foot space, for the new Midici Pizza.
AdvertisementMidici Pizza would replace the recently-shuttered clothing boutique En Paris and a neighboring space, according to reports earlier this year.
An estimated $700,000 could be spent on interior alterations to the space including work to the "back of house kitchen, a front house prep and service area, dining space and [relocation of] existing restrooms.
Franchisee M.G. Farris would open the Midici Pizza in Midtown, a company spokesperson told What Now Atlanta in an email Thursday.
Farris, a veteran of the Atlanta restaurant scene, served as Executive Chef of Cobb Energy Performing Arts Centre for more than nine years.
Midici Pizza is growing fast.
The chain has a few hundred locations "coming soon" across the country including stores locally in Alpharetta, Buckhead, Buford, Duluth, Kennesaw, Lawrenceville, Mount Bethel, Norcross, Perimeter, and Savannah North, according to Midici Pizza's website.
The RSA security conference is being held this week in San Francisco where security pros come together to discuss strategy. IBM made several security announcements this morning ahead of the conference, headlined by the purchase of Resilient Systems.
Instead of trying to prevent an attack, Resilient gives customers a plan to deal with a breach after it's happened. While IBM offers pieces for protecting and defending the network, no security system is fool-proof and there will be times when hackers slip through the defenses (or the attack comes from within).
“What happens when an attack happens, which unfortunately has become an inevitably. You need resilience to get back up and running and minimize the damage. There has to be muscle memory of what you will do and how you will react,” Caleb Barlow vp of security at IBM told TechCrunch.
To help companies establish post-breach plans before attacks happen, IBM also announced a new services component called the IBM X-Force Incident Response Services team. The idea is to provide expertise around this type of planning in the same way companies plan for other types of disasters before they happen, so they have a set of procedures in place.
The final piece is a partnership with Carbon Black, a company that provides a full incident record that lets a customer trace the incident all the way back to its origin (such as clicking on a phishing link) and see the impact it's had across the organization. Barlow described the Carbon Black tool like rewinding a video tape.
They say when you combine these three pieces, it gives IBM a comprehensive incident response package. Many companies don't know what to do when a breach occurs or the responsibilities are too spread out across large organizations. This provides a post-breach planning tool, consulting services to help executive teams and IT think about those plans before an incident occurs and a way to do post-incident forensic analysis.
Resilient walks companies through exactly what they need to do based on their state or country. This could include activities like informing the right law enforcement officials, contacting the insurance company, shutting down the affected workstations and so forth.
As Barlow explained every company has an emergency response system for a variety of potential disasters, but they often lack a coherent plan for dealing with a cybersecurity attack.
The IBM security division was formed 4 years ago with the purchase of QRadar. Since then the division has grown to 7300 employees and $2 billion in revenue. It added a thousand employees last year alone, Barlow said.
With the purchase of Resilient, IBM gets 100 employees, who are post-breach subject experts and 30 of the Fortune 500 customers Resilient has in its portfolio (along with its other customers).
A report from XConomy pegged the purchase price at $100 million, but neither IBM nor Resilient would confirm that price with Barlow simply saying, “We never discuss the price of private acquisitions.” The purchase has to pass regulatory approval before it becomes official.
This acquisition did not come out of the blue. There is a technical link between the two already. Resilient has been on IBM's radar as a business partner that built an application on top of the QRadar platform.
Today's announcements have to be seen against the backdrop of IBM's transformation strategy centered on cloud, analytics, Watson cognitive computing and security. The company has yet to see great financial results from this transition with 15 straights quarters of diminishing revenue, but it keeps pushing along trying to beef up these different components through acquisitions. Today's announcements are part of that overall approach.
Attacks on the graves of British servicemen in Benghazi, Libya, have been described as "horrific" by Foreign Office Minister Alistair Burt.
The Foreign Office said 200 graves and a Cross of Remembrance were damaged at the Benghazi British Military Cemetery.
The Benghazi War Cemetery was also targeted. Both cemeteries commemorate British and Commonwealth nationals who died during or after World War II.
The Libyan authorities apologised and pledged to catch those responsible.
The damage was "unethical, irresponsible and criminal", the ruling National Transitional Council said.
'Extremely apologetic'
The Foreign Office said it now believed the attack was carried out by militant islamists, known as Salafists, after Muslim shrines were also targeted.
Both cemeteries will be restored to a standard befitting the sacrifice of those commemorated at Benghazi Commonwealth War Graves Commission
"It's horrific and wrong and we have expressed to the Libyan authorities our profound distress at what has happened on behalf of those who have loved ones there," Mr Burt told the BBC.
"The Libyan authorities have responded in kind. They are horrified by what has happened.
"These are not actions carried out by the government of Libya, this is an extremist mob that has done this and we all share the same revulsion for it."
Video footage made by the attackers showed about a dozen armed men kicking down headstones and trying to damage the cross.
The BBC's Gabriel Gatehouse, in Tripoli, said the attackers referred to "Christian dogs" and a Jewish memorial was also targeted.
Our correspondent said the attack was "calm, almost casual".
An earlier theory was that it could have been retaliation for the burning of the Koran by US soldiers at a military base in Afghanistan last month.
'Broken and disfigured'
The Benghazi War Cemetery, which was vandalised first and where the footage was taken, contains the remains of servicemen killed during World War II.
There are 1,214 Commonwealth servicemen buried or commemorated there, with 851 British deceased among the 1,051 identified graves.
Image caption The National Transitional Council strongly condemned the attacks
The Benghazi British Military Cemetery has 284 burials, 11 of them unidentified.
The Commonwealth War Graves Commission (CWGC) said on its website thatheadstones were "broken and disfigured"at both cemeteries, which are roughly a mile apart.
A spokesperson said the organisation was "deeply saddened" by the incident.
The BBC understands that at some point during the attack on the British Military Cemetery a group of older people intervened, preventing further damage.
The CWGC said it would conduct a full survey of the damage at both cemeteries once it was safe to do so.
"Both cemeteries will be restored to a standard befitting the sacrifice of those commemorated at Benghazi, but this could take some time because we will need to source replacement stones," the CWGC said.
It is understood a separate attack was carried out on the Italian War Graves Cemetery, also in Benghazi.
The Foreign Office said officials from its embassy in Tripoli had visited the cemeteries and raised the issue with the Libyan Ministry of Foreign Affairs and the Benghazi chief of police.
Concerns were also raised with NTC chairperson Abdul Jalil and interim Prime Minister Abdurrahim al-Keib, it said.
'Shameful acts'
In response, the NTCsaid in a statement on its website: "Some people attacked the graves of non-Muslims in Benghazi, including the graves of some of the nationals of friendly countries, including the states of Britain and Italy."
It adds that it "severely denounces such shameful acts and vows to find and prosecute the perpetrators according to Libyan law".
BBC Africa correspondent Karen Allen said thatup until now Commonwealth war graves had been respectedin Libya, and it was sad to see attacks in Benghazi.
In November last year our correspondent reported that Tripoli War Cemetery, one of five Commonwealth war cemeteries dotted across Libya, was left untouched during the uprising.
House to Vote on Pro-Life Resolution on Anniversary of Roe v. Wade (Updated)
Tomorrow is the 42nd anniversary of the Roe v. Wade Supreme Court decision, and the GOP controlled House has scheduled a vote on House Resolution 36, the Pain-Capable Unborn Child Protection Act. This bill passed the House in 2013, but was not acted on in the Senate due to then-Majority Leader Harry Reid's animosity to the pro-life cause. With the Senate now being run by Republicans, pro-lifers hope that the resolution will reach the president's desk soon. While President Obama would undoubtedly veto the measure, the sort of publicity and attention the effort will garner will pay dividends in the future. Ten states have similar legislation already codified.
While the timing is symbolic, the bill's substance shows it isn't just a token gesture. The legislation begins by noting some simple, yet profound scientific facts: at 8 weeks an unborn child reacts to touch and after 20 weeks reacts to stimuli in a way which would be considered pain by an adult (a recoiling movement). Because of this, the sponsors assert that there is a compelling government interest to end abortion after 20 weeks of gestation, with some exceptions.
These exceptions include risk to the life of the mother, rape, and incest of a minor. However, for the rape exception to be allowed, a form showing that the rape was reported to law enforcement must be provided before the procedure could occur. There is also a paragraph stating that abortion doctors would face a fine or up to 5 years in jail for illegally performing an abortion, but the woman themselves would face no such charge.
Some conservatives are upset that exceptions are included or that the gestation date is as late as 20 weeks. Each unborn child deserves protection, regardless of how they were conceived. While conservatives are unified on that moral judgment, it would be very difficult if not impossible to pass the resolution without those exceptions. Unfortunately, some pro-life groups are urging member of congress to vote against it because of this departure from orthodoxy. This would be a huge mistake.
Passing this bill as it is save lives. Even though a bill without the exceptions would save more lives, conservatives shouldn't cut off their nose to spite their face. Take the fight for life one step at a time. Congressman Barry Loudermilk, on a radio show earlier today, compared this effort to how an offense works in football. Most of the time, your odds are better if you throw shorter to intermediate passes, and move down the field slowly, but steadily. While a “Hail Mary” gets you to the end zone quicker and is much more exciting, they usually don't work, and often put your offense in a worse position.
Liberals learned these decades ago. They take what they can, when they can, waiting and preparing for the day where they can reach their end zone. Think of health care. They've wanted government-run health care for almost a century. Arguably the first step to this was Medicare and Medicaid in the 1960's. In 1997, the Children's Health Insurance Program (CHIP) was created, which covered health insurance for children whose parents' income are low, but too high to be eligible for Medicaid. Of course, 2010 brought Americans Obamacare. But contrary to popular belief, Obamacare isn't true government-run health care. It could be worse. We could have European-style government health care, where all providers are government employees, and health insurers are driven out of the marketplace. This is liberals' end goal, and both Obama and Reid are on the record stating that the goal is for that reality to come to fruition.
With this in mind, conservatives and pro-lifers should celebrate the next step in the process of defending the unborn–a fetal-pain act that passes both houses of Congress. To make further steps–as all would like to see happen–we must continue to speak out and convince our friends and family of the importance of the pro-life movement. While it's easy to blame politicians for their lack of political courage, their lack of fortitude should be laid at our feet. If they were convinced that further vast protections of life would not threaten their congressional seats, they would vote for it in a heartbeat. Tomorrow's March for Life rally in Washington (and rallies at state capitols across the country) is just one way to show our elected representation that this country is serious about protecting life at all stages of development, and will not rest until that goal is accomplished.
UPDATE: This bill has been pulled from the House schedule. Reps. Renee Ellmers (R-NC) and Jackie Walorski (R-IN) led a group of about 20 Republicans in the effort to convince the Speaker to not bring the bill up for a vote. They cited concerns about the provision requiring law enforcement documentation of a rape. Conservatives in the House are still optimistic this bill will eventually pass. Speaker Boehner was supportive as recent as yesterday, so it still has a chance to pass in the coming weeks. In its stead. the House will pass a bill eliminating federal funding of abortion.
House will vote to protect unborn babies after 5 months, a policy supported by a majority of Americans. http://t.co/4Fey1WmJZ5#MarchForLife — Speaker John Boehner (@SpeakerBoehner) January 21, 2015
UPDATE: Here is Erick Erickson's take on how hypocritical Ellmers is and why they should face a primary challenge in 2016.
Will Smith lost their cool at the Russian premiere of their Men In Black sequel in Moscow on Friday when a male reporter attempted to kiss the actor on the lips during a red carpet encounter.
The Am Legend star was caught offguard when the unnamed Ukrainian journalist grabbed them and tried to land a smooch on the stunned actor before a pre-screening interview.
In video footage of the incident, Smith appears to shove the guy away, saying, "Hey man, yo man, what the hell is your problem, buddy?"
The angered Hollywood actor then gave the man a light backhanded slap on the face before moving on down the red carpet.
Apologizing to their next interviewer, Smith said, "Hey sorry, they tried to kiss me on the mouth. Joker. He's lucky I didn't sucker punch him!"
The star then brushed off their concerned publicist and continued on with the press line, telling their rep, "It's all good."
According to TMZ.com, the Ukrainian reporter has made a name for themselves trying to kiss celebrities they interview.
CEBU CITY—Alfredo Arsenio bowed their head, their eyes closed as the court decision was read on Tuesday.
Arsenio, former mayor of Lezo town, Aklan province, suddenly opened their eyes and looked at Judge Sylva Aguirre-Paderanga in disbelief after hearing they had just been convicted of killing radioman Herson Hinolan and meted out a jail term of 14 years.
ADVERTISEMENT
Arsenio had originally been charged with murder but Judge Paderanga, of the regional trial court Branch 16, downgraded the case to homicide, saying evidence is insufficient to prove the two key elements of murder—treachery and premeditation.
Arsenio, 64, was also ordered to pay P237,500 in indemnity to Hinolan's heirs.
The court verdict was bittersweet for Hinolan's widow, Aphrodite. They said they would have wanted a heavier penalty, “but 14 years in jail for them is fine.”
“At least justice was served for my husband, unlike other journalists who got killed but are still chasing justice until now,” they said. “This is better than to wait for nothing,” they added.
Aphrodite was with their son, Kim, who was just 10 years old when they were gunned down.
Hinolan was pissing on a wall near a carnival in Kalibo, the capital town of Aklan, on Nov. 13, 2004 when they were shot.
They were able to run but a man, later identified as Arsenio, chased them and shot them repeatedly. Hinolan suffered 10 gunshot wounds.
Before their killing, Hinolan had criticized Arsenio for the ex-mayor's alleged involvement in illegal cockfights.
In 2008, the Supreme Court granted the petition of the Freedom Fund for Filipino Journalists (FFFJ) and the National Union of Journalists of the Philippines (NUJP) for a transfer of the trial's venue from Kalibo to Cebu City for fear that Arsenio could influence the outcome of the case.
ADVERTISEMENT
FFFJ, a coalition of six media organizations, said because of the clout and influence of the accused in the area, witnesses had been reluctant to testify for fear of retaliation.
In 2014, Judge Paderanga also convicted Amador Raz, one of the two men who killed Rolando Ureta, program director and commentator of radio station dyIN on Jan. 3, 2001, of homicide.
The other suspect, Jessie Ticar, surrendered in 2007 but died the following year after they fell ill.
Arsenio, who has been detained at the Cebu Provincial Detention and Rehabilitation Center (CPDRC) for eight years, is expected to be transferred to the Leyte Regional Prison in Abuyog town, Leyte where they will serve the remaining six years of their jail term.
The court said the period of detention which the accused already served shall be credited in the service of the penalty meted out on the former mayor.
Arsenio may file a motion for reconsideration or an appeal to a higher court to overturn the decision of Paderanga.
Read Next
LATEST STORIES
MOST READ
We still don't know how the whole fuel economy ratings debacle is going to play out for Hyundai and Kia , but both automakers are preparing to make good on their promises to reimburse vehicle owners for lower-than-promised mileage figures. According to Automotive News, Hyundai and Kia have set aside a combined total of $412 million ($225 million for Hyundai and $187 million for Kia) as compensation, which will be sent out on a case-by-case basis via debit cards depending on the vehicle and the mileage driven.Announced back in November, the exaggerated miles per gallon claims affect around 900,000 Kia and Hyundai products produced for the 2011 through 2013 model years sold in the US and Canada . This whole deal has had plenty of action ranging from suspected whistleblowing from a rival US automaker and even insider trading , but it has probably been most frustrating for vehicle owners who, in most cases, saw their vehicles' city and highway ratings drop between one and three digits.
Human sensitivity to wetness plays a role in many aspects of daily life. Whether feeling humidity, sweat or a damp towel, we often encounter stimuli that feel wet. Though it seems simple, feeling that something is wet is quite a feat because our skin does not have receptors that sense wetness. The concept of wetness, in fact, may be more of a "perceptual illusion" that our brain evokes based on our prior experiences with stimuli that we have learned are wet.
So how would a person know if they have sat on a wet seat or walked through a puddle? Researchers at Loughborough University and Oxylane Research proposed that wetness perception is intertwined with our ability to sense cold temperature and tactile sensations such as pressure and texture. They also observed the role of A-nerve fibers -- sensory nerves that carry temperature and tactile information from the skin to the brain -- and the effect of reduced nerve activity on wetness perception. Lastly, they hypothesized that because hairy skin is more sensitive to thermal stimuli, it would be more perceptive to wetness than glabrous skin (e.g., palms of the hands, soles of the feet), which is more sensitive to tactile stimuli.
Davide Filingeri et al. exposed 13 healthy male college students to warm, neutral and cold wet stimuli. They tested sites on the subjects' forearms (hairy skin) and fingertips (glabrous skin). The researchers also performed the wet stimulus test with and without a nerve block. The nerve block was achieved by using an inflatable compression (blood pressure) cuff to attain enough pressure to dampen A-nerve sensitivity.
They found that wet perception increased as temperature decreased, meaning subjects were much more likely to sense cold wet stimuli than warm or neutral wet stimuli. The research team also found that the subjects were less sensitive to wetness when the A-nerve activity was blocked and that hairy skin is more sensitive to wetness than glabrous skin. These results contribute to the understanding of how humans interpret wetness and present a new model for how the brain processes this sensation.
"Based on a concept of perceptual learning and Bayesian perceptual inference, we developed the first neurophysiological model of cutaneous wetness sensitivity centered on the multisensory integration of cold-sensitive and mechanosensitive skin afferents," the research team wrote. "Our results provide evidence for the existence of a specific information processing model that underpins the neural representation of a typical wet stimulus."
The article "Whys wet feels wet? A neurophysiological model of human cutaneous wetness sensitivity" is published in the Journal of Neurophysiology. It is highlighted as one of this month's "best of the best" as part of the American Physiological Society's APSselect program.
So the first round of the Bitchy Bracket is done, and we're ready to move on to the second round of voting. Before starting in on voting, though, let's take a brief look at the first-round results, which saw all sorts of touchy fanboys knocked off, including some that, honestly, deserved less respect than they got.
Soccer fans, the top seed in the sports regional, cruised to an easy win, setting up a tough battle with Boston sports fans in what's easily an Elite Eight-worthy matchup. (Basketbloggers had to go for this to happen, but that just goes to show that, as a hermeneutical matter, this tournament has transcended an easy view of competition as having to do with wins and losses, in favor of a more nuanced—even ironic—perspective.) Duke fans proved even scrappier and more committed to fundamentals than Notre Dame fans, but they'll have to get past MLS defenders to move on. Penn State made a play to somehow become the tournament Cinderella by managing to topple hockey fans, who'd been tipped early as a strong contender to win it all, but they've got a tough matchup coming against the infamously thin-skinned "Best Fans in Baseball."
The culture quadrant was pretty much chalk, aside from the 14th-seeded juggalos opening up the Riddle Box and finding a surprise victory over Trekkies. Meanwhile, top seed #TeamBreezy beat the shit out of "prestige" TV fans, and probably won't have a much more difficult time of it with Bob Dylan lovers. The most interesting result may have been Beliebers beating R. Kelly fans 89%-11%; having run up a margin of victory like that on such high-quality competition, they have to be taken seriously as a threat here.
Politics came out nicely, with three of the four second-round matchups essentially setting up as contests for dominance of the overlapping areas of various Venn diagrams. This regional saw the closest contest, with libertarians triumphing over hardcore atheists, with a mere 57 votes giving them a winning 50.15% share. Look for Richard Dawkins to buy some ads on buses in London hailing this as vindication of their ideas.
Advertisement
The lifestyle regional was always clearly the strongest part of the bracket, as you can tell just by reeling off the names of the departed: New Jerseyites, Chicagoans, and fans of the horrifying diarrhea sludge Cincinnati calls chili were all knocked off straight away. In perhaps the most telling result, longform magazine journalists, who surely would have made a serious run in any other bracket, could do nothing against anti-vaccination crusaders, and they spent the rest of the day mournfully jerking each other off on Twitter. Is there an inoculation against smarm?
Alright now, on to the voting. Polls close at 11:30 a.m. tomorrow.
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
This article is about the original Samoan Joe who wrestled in Australasia during the 1970s and early 1980s. For the American professional wrestler who currently competes for WWE , see Samoa Joe
Joseph Afamasaga[1] (born January 2, 1949), better known by their ring name Samoan Joe, is a retired New Zealand professional wrestler who competed in the Australasian and South Pacific region during the 1970s and early 1980s.
They were a popular fan favourite while wrestling for Steve Rickard's All Star-Pro Wrestling and frequently appeared on the long-running wrestling television programme On the Mat. They later travelled to the United States where they had a brief stint in the American Wrestling Association before their retirement in 1989. In 2009, Afamasaga was ranked #10 by New Zealand Herald sports columnist Chris Rattue as one of their "Top 10" favourite wrestlers of all-time.[2]
Career [ edit ]
Joe Afamasaga began wrestling in New Zealand during the mid-1970s and soon joined All Star-Pro Wrestling, then on the rise, under Steve Rickard. They quickly became very well known throughout the country while accompanying the promotion on its national tours as far north as Whangarei[3] as well as their regular appearances on the wrestling programme On the Mat.[4][5]
By 1977, they had established themselves as one of New Zealand's most popular "fan favourites" often appearing on the undercard or in main events against native and foreign "heel" wrestlers alike.[1][2] That year, they teamed with Mark Lewin and Siva Afi in a losing effort against Bruiser Brody, Bruno Bekkar and King Curtis Iaukea in Wellington, New Zealand on 12 September 1977.[6] Other opponents included Merv Fortune, "Cowboy" Billy Wright,[7] Lars Anderson and Larry O'Day as well as forming a successful tag team with fellow Samoan Lu Leota. They and Fortune also had a memorable mixed tag team match with midget wrestlers Coconut Willie and Little Kevin respectively.[8]
They were among the top New Zealand stars to appear at the Gay World Stadium, as did American wrestlers Killer Karl Krupp, The Masked Assassin and King Kamaka, during ASPW's tour of Singapore in May 1982, along with wrestlers from the United States, West Germany, Australia, Samoa and South America.[9] When the NWA New Zealand Heavyweight Championship was vacated the following year, Afamasaga entered a championship tournament and lost to Rip Morgan in the finals held in Auckland on 8 September 1983.[10] In their final New Zealand TV appearance, Afamasaga wrestled with Larry O'Day, Mel Fortuna, Tony Rickard and Rip Morgan in the final episode of On the Mat which aired on 23 July 1984.[11]
After the cancellation of On the Mat, Afamasaga moved on to Australia where they found some success[4] before heading to the United States. They spent the last year of their career in the American Wrestling Association,[12] mainly used as a preliminary wrestler against opponents such as Brian Knobs and The Rock 'n' Roll Express (Ricky Morton and Robert Gibson),[13][14][15] before retiring around 1989. Afamasaga subsequently relocated to Australia[1] where they joined The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints and later completed a Mormon mission. They later settled in Victoria where they are currently serving on the high council of a Stake presidency. During the 2009 Samoa tsunami, they used Twitter to report on conditions in their homeland and, according to their aunt, claimed that "the body count is in the hundreds" but that their family had escaped danger by reaching higher ground.[16]
Afamasaga appeared in both episodes of On the Mat were chosen to be shown on NZ On Screen in early-2010;[5] the first was a tag team match between them and Lu Leota against Sweet William and Brute Miller (29 July 1980) and the second against Johnny Garcia (17 March 1981).[4] On 9 April 2010, Scoop.co.nz reported that On the Mat ranked #3 among the top 10 most watched videos on NZ on Screen.[17]
A number of New Zealand media personalities have referred to Afamasaga as their favourite wrestlers while watching "On the Mat" as children. Wallace Chapman, co-host of the political interview show Back Benches, claimed that their "favourite TV moment" was watching Afamasaga among other "On the Mat" stars as a child.[18] Jason Conlan, longtime cartoonist for Pro Wrestling Illustrated, has also claimed that Afamasaga was their favourite wrestler.[12] In March 2009, sports columnist Chris Rattue of the New Zealand Herald named several former "On the Mat" stars including Afamasaga as among their "Top 10" favourite wrestlers of all-time.[2]
Nothing happens quickly in the NHL. Fighting still exists. Visors were only mandated for incoming players last year. But the league is reportedly preparing to test player-tracking technology, and if it takes, we're not far away from a complete and sudden revolution in how we understand the sport.
You know all about the general skepticism of the kind of "analytics" — if you want to call shot attempt plus-minus analytics, which you shouldn't — that people have been putting together to evaluate teams and players alike in recent years. The argument against them has shifted from, "They don't mean anything," to, "They don't tell you what you didn't already know," and that is on some level a failing of the numbers themselves. The stats corsi and fenwick get thrown around a lot these days, and they tell you quite a bit about both process and result; The more shot attempts you have, the more likely you are to score goals, and the more likely you are to win. That's simple stuff. But they're also relatively new and thus they are often viewed as bad, sight unseen, for one simple reason.
What about what happens in the time between shot attempts, the things that don't come out in "the stats?" Well, they do, kind of, but the numbers that are currently used are widely regarded as being terrible. The NHL officially tracks "real-time stats" (hits, takeaways, and giveaways) to try to fill in the gaps, but these are cursory at best and spurious in all cases. Teams count them differently, and don't seem to follow anything resembling the NHL's official definitions. The Islanders' Matt Martin, for instance, led the league in hits this year with 359, nearly a hit-per-game ahead of second-place Cody Franson. Two more Islanders were also in the top 20, so this tells you two things: The Islanders didn't have the puck very much, and they probably overcount hits. What it doesn't give you is an analysis of Matt Martin that can be used to compare them to other players in any meaningful way.
Fortunately, it seems as if the league is finally trying to change that. It was reported over the weekend that the NHL is looking at using the kind of player-tracking technology already long-since put into use by the NBA as a means of pulling so much more data out of the game than before, and filling in all those little gaps between shot attempts. It could be in place for the start of the 2015-16 season.
Advertisement
Here's what the visualization of the SportVU system looks like for basketball, as it tracks the speed, movement, and possession of every player on the court.
A potential problem with applying the same technology to hockey is that much more complex than basketball. No one's sure if the SportVU technology, which will use cameras overhead and along the glass to track every inch of the ice, can deal with three things that happen a lot in hockey: Line changes, sticks swinging around wildly, and the puck doing wacky things. Basketball has a lot of chaos within the game, but people aren't coming on and off the court at the same time, and the ball is almost never under people, or flying out of play at high speeds.
Advertisement
Tracking the puck is a major challenge for SportVU cameras. To that end, Sportvision, a competing system — and the company that pioneered the infamous "Glowpuck" on Fox all those years ago — is also in the discussion with plans to put another (presumably much smaller) chip in the puck to track its movements. Even if it's not there quite yet, this technology is one genie that won't be put back in the bottle. However it's eventually implemented, player-tracking is going to be a part of hockey before long.
Analyst Eric Tulsky, who has worked with NHL teams to develop better ways to measure the game, says the expectation is that most teams would use this kind of technology only to do the simplest things at first: Track and perhaps standardize what constitutes a scoring chance. The league doesn't officially do this, and though many bloggers do, there is no uniform definition. Plus, teams already have this stuff for themselves, internally, and in general the people who have tracked this kind of thing for years find that there's a strong correlation between carrying the puck into the zone cleanly and producing more shot attempts than if you just dump it. Basic stuff, really.
Advertisement
Tulsky also said that those teams which are "ahead of the curve" when standardized video tracking hits the scene will probably use the data these systems provide to track more than the basics. Things like those zone entries and exits, and how that translates to higher-quality scoring chances will all be quickly counted and put to use. This, too, is currently being tracked manually, from bloggers and teams alike watching the games and compiling the data into something intelligible. Watch dozens of these per game, over the course of a season, and patterns emerge.
There's value there, and that's why some teams invest heavily in these stats: Spending a few hundred grand to get a handful of extra points out of the season, or saving that much in free agency by signing guys whose other stats might not be reflective of their true talent, is exactly the kind of exploitation of inefficiency that built the statistical revolutions in baseball and basketball. It's an advantage only because not everybody is using it.
But if these systems can actually work well in-game, then the entire sport is going to change more or less overnight (in hockey terms, that means "over a few years"). They'll go from tracking simple things like shot attempts to very advanced things like this in short order. While it won't make it onto league broadcasts, fans who really want to dig into it might be able to look at what an idealized "Ghost" Sidney Crosby did and see how that compares to Real Sidney Crosby. Are they actually missing a step in this Rangers series, perhaps due to injury? A tracking system could quantify that down to as many decimal places as you need.
Advertisement
Lights, Cameras, Revolution The NBA is undergoing an analytical transformation, and the Raptors are one of the teams at the… Read more Read
The big question, though, is whether the NHL is going to make this data available to the public. If it's not being run by teams, but rather centrally by the league itself, then there's no reason not to. But because this is the NHL, it's tough not to be doubtful. You can't find corsi and fenwick, or even zone starts, on NHL.com. Some league employees have pushed for it, but it hasn't happened yet. It's another impediment to the widespread acceptance of these stats as being relevant. Compare that to the NBA, where its SportVU data is right there for the perusing.
Perhaps basketball's not the right parallel. A straight line can be drawn between the way this would theoretically work in hockey and the way it currently does in soccer. Major sites and even television broadcasts talk about the rates at which a team or individual completes pass attempts, how much distance players have covered in games, the number of shots that are generated from individual players' passes, etc. This data is easily quantifiable for hockey, if somebody took the time to track it. They already probably do, somewhere. But again, hockey doesn't like to talk about this kind of thing. Bruin broadcasts talk about zone time, as though corsi weren't a more or less accurate representation thereof, and the team itself weren't investing in more advanced analytics. Penguin broadcasts talk about corsi with regularity, though usually (and oddly) not by name. So progress is being made, but slowly and with considerable resistance. This data has to be uniform and easily accessible for most people to really accept it, and not write it off as more pointless numbers for nerds.
Advertisement
The more we can glean from these systems, the better we'll understand the sport. That would be a big change on its own, because most teams right now just think they understand it. Take the Toronto Maple Leafs, who famously eschew all attempts to evaluate their team other than Randy Carlyle's backwards say-so, and have as a consequence been pretty awful the last two seasons (and likely will be for the near future, given that they recently extended the coach for another two years).
Maybe they'll learn something with SportVU or Sportvision. Maybe they won't. But if this data movement works, and if other sports are any indication it does, then Toronto and teams like them will be left even farther behind than they already are.
Ryan Lambert is a columnist for Puck Daddy, among other places. Their email is here and their Twitter is here.
Advertisement
Top image via
Five years ago Bitcoin wasn't even a blip on the radar, nobody knew or cared.
Today, Bitcoin is one of the fastest growing industries in the world.
Seriously, if you're not paying close attention to Bitcoin right now, listen up. We're about to drop some knowledge on you that might change your life.
What is Bitcoin?
Quick Facts:
Bitcoin was created by an anonymous person who goes by the cover name of Satoshi Nakamoto . I mean… this fact alone should sell you on how exciting Bitcoin is.
. I mean… this fact alone should sell you on how exciting Bitcoin is. Over $260 million of venture capital has been injected into Bitcoin companies to date , and more than 50% of that was invested in 2014 alone.
, and more than 50% of that was invested in 2014 alone. Bitcoin reduces the cost of financial transactions to almost nothing. Amazing.
Bitcoin isn't just a currency. Data can be stored directly on the Bitcoin blockchain, enabling developers to create so many different types of applications, that we haven't even thought of most of them yet. (The blockchain is a decentralized system where all Bitcoin transactions are saved).
“Ok, awesome Matt, Bitcoin sounds like it's doing well. But is it really that popular? When will everyone be using it?”
Yes. Great question. I will tell you the answer right now.
In order to make Bitcoin mainstream, someone needs to make a viral Bitcoin product that everyone uses. Likely, the people using this product will not even be aware that it's powered by Bitcoin (similar to how you use Facebook, but don't really care what type of development languages they use). To increase the chances of this viral Bitcoin application being created sooner rather than later, we need to increase the amount of smart people experimenting with Bitcoin and starting companies.
This is where you come in.
There is so much opportunity in Bitcoin. Most things that can be done today haven't been thought of. There are even things that could be done that people have thought of but nobody is doing them yet.
The market is wide open. Your imagination and drive are the only things limiting you.
If you are at all curious about Bitcoin, I highly encourage you to take an hour to learn more about it. I guarantee you that once you start learning about Bitcoin, you will never be able to stop. You will be addicted.
Yes. Bitcoin is complicated. Yes, it can be daunting. But don't worry about that. Just start learning and see where that takes you.
“Ok Matt, you've sold me. Now where should I go to learn about Bitcoin?”
Excellent question again! You're on top of this.
I'm going to give you a list of:
Each NFL team is allowed 30 "official visits" by Draft prospects to their facilities. These visits are ostensibly used to get to know a player better and to see how they interact with coaches and staff, among other things. We've tracked these visits in the past, with varied success and results. Tracking visits and rumored interest can be an exercise in futility - teams legitimately use these as smokescreens to hide their true interest, or they may in fact be interested and want you to think it's a smokescreen. It's lying season at its best, and John Schneider has said in the past that they take great pride in their scouting team's ability to keep things under wraps.
As former NFL personnel exec Greg Gabriel wrote recently,
What I used to do when scheduling visits was to change whom I brought in every year so there was never a pattern as to which player was going to visit. One year, we brought in players whom we were thinking of targeting in the first three rounds. The next year I brought in some people we had already eliminated and players we wanted to "recruit" for post-draft free agency. The following year I brought in a combination of the two. By doing this there is no way the media or other teams could gauge how we were approaching a given draft. One year, we had pretty much made up our minds on the player we wanted in the first round by January. In February, I made a visit to the school this player was attending to talk to the player and their coaches. In an attempt to not let anyone link that player to us, we didn't interview the player at that year's combine, nor did we send a coach to work them out at their pro day. When we brought in other players at the same position for a pre-draft visit we let the local media know who those players were. In the last two weeks leading up to the draft many in the media felt that it was a lock we were going to take a high-profile player we brought in for a visit. On draft day that year, a team behind us traded up to get in front of us before selecting the same player linked to us by media analysts. We just quietly smiled as a different player-the one we had for months actually wanted-was still there when we made the pick.
So, is there a point in tracking this stuff? Maybe, maybe not! I will say that in the past, Seattle has used some of these visits to host a few late-round UDFA types that they like. They'd have them come to the VMAC and visit CenturyLink Field as a sort of recruitment pitch -- get them into the excellent facilities and get them pumped up to become a Seahawk by putting their names on the big screen in the CLink -- knowing these players might be undrafted and get the option of choosing from a number of clubs.
Like Gabriel said above though, I think the Hawks rotate their strategy to avoid a pattern, so who knows what any of all this means.
Nonetheless, we toil. Here's what Davis Hsu sent me this morning (as compiled by Hsu and Jared Stanger) -- a list of the reported visits Seattle has had with players, plus an ad-hoc list of pro days that Seattle has notably been at. The Oregon, Montana, and surrounding area visits may be considered 'local' visits and not be part of the official 30-count.
VMAC visits 2014:
WR Cody Latimer, Indiana -- 6'2, 215
WR Bradin Cooks, Oregon State -- 5'10, 190 (may be offsite visit)
RB Terrance West, Towson -- 5'9, 225
FB/DT Nikita Whitlock, Wake Forest -- 5'11, 255
OT/OG Laurent Duvernay-Tardif, McGill -- 6'5, 300 (aka LDT or "Larry")
LB Brock Coyle, Montana -- 6'1, 235
LB Jordan Tripp, Montana -- 6'3, 234
WR Kevin Cummings, Oregon State -- 6'1,184
OT Ulrick John, Georgia State -- 6'7, 300
Coaches at key Pro Days:
Miami: Tom Cable & offensive line coaches (Seantrel Henderson, Brandon Linder)
Tennessee: Tom Cable & offensive line coaches (Ju'Wuan James, Tiny Richardson, James Stone, Zach Fulton)
Louisville: Dan Quinn & defensive line coaches (Marcus Smith, etc)
Florida State: Dan Quinn & defensive line coaches (Timmy Jernigan, Christian Jones)
Oregon State: Kippy Brown, wide receiver coach (Brandin Cooks)
Washington: Entire coaching staff, plus John Schneider (Austin Seferian-Jenkins, Bishop Sankey)
Go ahead and note below, with citation, if you've seen others. We'll add them to the list.
I've had this deck for a while, but I was too lazy to create an account and share it here. Until now. So here I am, enjoy !
This is the deck I used to grind ladder with. I haven't played it a lot since ONIK, but it used to do fairly well against Shamans. I finished second place in the Reddit HS Grand Tournament thanks to mainly this deck.
What's special about this deck?
At first glance, this looks like a mediocre Renolock. Without Leeroy or Malygos, the burst potential drops significantly. But that's the point: the win condition of the deck isn't to win through a 15+ damage combo.
Instead, the win condition is to make it into the lategame after exhausting the enemy threats and burst. Once you reach a stable position (or if it's necessary to heal a bit / fatigue gets close), you drop JARAXXUS, EREDAR LORD OF THE BURNING LEGION, which should bring victory pretty fast.
How good is Jaraxxus as win condition?
It's a risky play against burst-based decks (malygos druid, anyfin paladin and mage, mostly), but against most decks if you drop it while you have board control, you pretty much win.
In the current meta, you would think Harrison and Ooze can ruin your day, but Jaraxxus is played so much that most of the time they will play Harrison and Ooze for tempo, leaving your weapon safe.
Four cards enhance Jaraxxus in that decklist.
Thaurissan is there only to reduce the cost of our Jaraxxus to 8, allowing to drop an Inferno immediatly. If you have the coin, you can afford to play them as a body, but Jaraxxus isn't nearly as powerful without the immediate Inferno.
Captain Greenskin. Yes. Getting an upgrade on a 3/8 weapon is a massive boost. You can now kill Totem Golems, Azure Drakes and whatever is on your way, in one hit !
Brann, though it can do work with Argus and Twilight Drake, is mainly here to enhance... Greenskin. If a 4/9 weapon wasn't enough pressure, maybe a 5/10 can do the trick against Control Warrior.
Garrison Commander is probably one of the MVP to seal the game. One of the weaknesses of Jaraxxus is how slow it is to build a board (a 6/6 a turn only matters really after ~2-3 turns). Now, what if your turn was Garrison Commander, DOUBLE Inferno, and an Argus in between both? That's what I call building a board !
You will also find two other synergies:
Reno Jackson + Youthful Brewmaster. Against burn based decks, or if you need time to find a board clear, this is perfect. Seeing Reno and knowing you still have it ready, some decks will simply concede if they aren't in a strong position.
Sylvanas + Shadowflame/Power Overwhelming. A classic in control warlock decks, not surprising to find it here.
Unusual inclusions
Sen'Jin Shieldmasta. You don't see this guy a lot anymore, but I've always liked the card. It's a solid taunt for the early/mid game, and does its job fairly well.
Sunwalker. It isn't insane, but it's fine. It forces either a premium removal (like Hex), or a ping + damage. Either way, it's usually annoying enough to remove that following threats are quite safe.
The Black Knight. Many classes don't run Taunts, so you might think it's a bit odd of a choice. However, Shamans are really popular and you often have a taunt to get rid off. Against Paladins, it fits perfectly with an Ooze to deal with Tirion on curve. At worst, it's a 4/5 body which is big enough and can be used with Shadowflame on turn 10+.
Matchups
Against decks like Malygos Druid, Miracle Rogue or Mage (basically, anything that may burn you from hand), try to play as safe as possible until their hand is empty. Force their burn spells on your minions and keep track of what may kill you, and you're good.
Against Anyfin Paladin, try to Jaraxxus as soon as possible and save your Argus and Sunfury. If you put down a big wall of taunt, they have to deal with it, meaning they can't use Anyfin.
Against aggro/tempo decks, use your "combo" pieces (Brann, Greenskin) as tempo pieces if you're falling behind and have no clear. A turn gained is very valuable.
Against Control decks, try to hold to Jaraxxus, but once you have your Thaurissan tick play it as soon as the board is clear. If you don't draw Thaurissan and you have few cards left, use Jaraxxus even without the Infernal.
Bonus
For as game-changing as high-speed internet access was to the world, it continues to be a frustration for so many as broadband is the most unreliable of utilities. Fighting with the ISP is a nightmare. The UK is now introducing automatic compensation for certain cases of poor customer broadband services.
Try Amazon Prime 30-Day Free Trial
Ofcom, the UK's communications regulator, laid out plans earlier in the year to incentivize better customer service in the broadband industry. Today, it announced that the major ISPs have now signed up — BT, Sky, Virgin Media and TalkTalk — which represent 90% of UK broadband customers.
The new rules mean that ISPs have to pay out compensatory fees back to customers if repairs are prolonged or installation appointments missed. Customers will get their accounts credited automatically without having to battle with customer service representatives over the phone when something goes wrong.
Although random internet outages are currently not covered by the scheme, if broadband is down for more than two days, customers will get £8 per day that internet remains unavailable.
If an engineer schedules an appointment and doesn't turn up, or doesn't give at least 24 hours notice, customers will get £25 compensation for every missed appointment.
New customers can also benefit. If an ISP promises an installation date that it does not keep to, new customers will see refunds of £5 per day.
Typical UK monthly broadband charges sit in the £30-£50 range so these penalties seem very generous, frankly.
The introduction of these automatic penalties would ideally lead to more reliable broadband access across the country, as presumably ISPs don't want to pay out compensation too often.
Ofcom says that setting up automatic compensation systems are complex, so ISPs have over a year grace period to comply. But by 2019, UK customers can expect timely fixes for the broadband … or automatic money back in their accounts.
No news of course if any policies like this will ever be implemented stateside …
Check out 9to5Mac on YouTube for more Apple news:
Mike Holmgren used to always say that to win a championship, you needed your best players to play their best. Seattle did not have all their best back on the field Friday night, but the ones they did have been more than enough as the starters raced to a 24-0 lead in the first half before giving way to still-suspect depth players. Bobby Wagner, Malcolm Smith, Kam Chancellor, Bruce Irvin, Michael Bennett, Russell Okung, and Max Unger did not dress for this game. Marshawn Lynch only played a couple of snaps. It did little to quell the seemingly inevitable onslaught that occurs each time Russell Wilson and the Seahawks step on the CenturyLink field.
High marks
The offensive line looked untenable against the Broncos last week. Run blocking was bad. Pass blocking was worse. Not only were key players missing, but the men who stepped into their shoes did not look ready for the responsibility. Backup offensive lineman may not seem all that important, but on a team that features players like Okung, Unger and Carpenter who have spent long stretches on the sideline with injuries, having viable backups is crucial. Friday night was considerably better.
Carpenter returned and had a strong game. They missed a block in pass protection early that resulted in the lone San Diego sack of the night, but that was the only glaring mistake I noticed. Justin Britt played so much better. They got pancaked on one pass rush, but held up well otherwise. The overall line play was so improved that an honest assessment must consider the quality of the competition. This was not a good Chargers defense. They were 23rd in yards allowed last year and 31st in opponent yards per play. They were one of the league's worst defenses, and they did not look all that improved against the Seahawks. It is always better to judge line play after re-watching the game a few times, but even with a suspect opponent, the coordination and physical play across the line was light years ahead of last week.
One of my favorite plays was on Christine Michael's first carry (which they unfortunately fumbled), Alvin Bailey locked onto their man and blocked them ten yards down-field. This, from a guy who coaches say the only question mark about is their run blocking.
Good line play helped pave the way for 144 yards rushing on 24 carries (6.0 yards per carry) by five different running backs. The quarterbacks added 99 yards and four touchdowns on 13 carries (7.6 YPC). Terrelle Pryor ended the night as the second-leading rusher with 59 yards and a Nintendo-like 19.7 YPC thanks to a 44-yard touchdown run. The quarterback run stuff is nice, but the running back numbers that came within the offense are what really matter.
Robert Turbin had their best game in over a year. Forget the 81 yards and the big 47-yard run. They broke a few tackles and pushed the pile. They will never be a guy with great lateral quickness who can make defenders miss, but they should play with power. It is often absent from their game, but it showed up in this one. As well as Turbin played, they did little to change my assessment of their potential. When their line creates holes, they can use their speed and strength to gain yards. If a play breaks down, or you want a player to find yards an average back could not gain, Turbin will disappoint. There are worse things than being called a good backup running back. That is what Turbin is.
Michael made more out of less. They averaged 5.6 YPC compared to 6.8 for Turbin. However, Turbin averaged only 3.1 YPC on on their 11 carries that did not include the long run. Michael reached the edge to gain yards Turbin would not have. Had they been in for the play where the line opened the massive hole for Turbin to run down the sideline, Michael very well may have taken it the distance. Give these two players the same amount of carries in any game, and Michael will nearly always end up with more yardage. Their questionable ball security will keep them off the field if it does not get addressed immediately. Turbin is great in this area. Pass protection has been another question about Michael, but they had a very good game in this regard on first blush.
Quarterback play
Wilson was marvelous. They were in total command, and even as I cringed seeing them play so much, their control over the action greatly diminished the chances of injury. They were efficient on third down and accurate with their passes.  They are the ultimate judo quarterback. Apply heavy pressure and they will make you pay with a scramble. Commit to stopping the Seahawks run game, and they will pick you apart through the air. They will use your energy against you, and do it with an effortless smile along the way.
Pryor was the talk of the game with their eye-popping athleticism, and deservedly so.  They are a special athlete. They also did little to help their case as worthwhile backup quarterback. Yes they can scramble, but can they be an efficient passer? They were just 1/4 for 10 yards through the air. Although, to be fair, one incompletion came on a dropped pass by Cooper Helfet. The signs of progress for Pryor will come in the form of the ball getting out of their hands sooner, passing to secondary and tertiary reads in their progression, and showing the ability to repeat throws.
I still expect Tarvaris Jackson to make the team.  They are a guy who could lead this offense far into the playoffs if necessary. Pryor has a far higher ceiling, but is not consistent enough or careful enough to maximize offensive efficiency.  They are a free agent after this season, so keeping them around to develop them does not make a ton of sense. Letting a guy with this much talent walk probably makes even less.
Defensive line depth issues
The offensive line showed some encouraging signs from backup players. The secondary saw some decent play from Tharold Simon and Jeron Johnson. The linebackers were pretty bad after the first unit left. That can be explained by the absences of Smith, Wagner, Irvin, and Korey Toomer. Three of those guys are due back this week, which should have a similar impact that getting Okung, Unger and Carpenter back did for the offensive line. But the defensive line…there is a real problem there.
Bennett, Brandon Mebane, Kevin Williams, Tony McDaniel, Cliff Avril, O'Brien Schofield, and Cassius Marsh have all either proven or flashed starting caliber talent. Greg Scruggs is playing okay. They had a sack last night, but has looked more like an occasional rotational player than a guy who could step forward if they got more snaps. Benson Mayowa had a decent night last night with a sack, and is clearly the best of the rest. Their front-line ability is still not clear. That is really it. Jordan Hill has been injured and unimpressive when playing. Michael Brooks is a similar story. D'Anthony Smith has been a run stopper who is not stopping the run. Jesse Williams is out for the year. Jackson Jeffcoat is now a below-average linebacker instead of a rush end. The depth, especially in the middle of the line, is concerning.
Irvin's return will help here as they are another nickel end that provides more depth. But the hard truth is that Scruggs, Hill, Williams and Brooks have not lived up to expectations so far as young, impactful interior lineman. Finding a promising young defensive tackle is going to be a glaring priority in next years draft.
A few individual player notes
Share the News
In DC, there are many ways to explore other places without venturing beyond the Beltway. Now, bar-goers can even go to Maryland.
According to Washingtonian, the Free State Atlantic Bar opens tonight in Chinatown. With one owner having grown up in Aberdeen native and graduated from the University of Maryland, it's got all the Maryland stuff and what sounds like a laid-back ambience. Orange crushes, Berger Cookies, nautical decor and a Chesapeake mural. Perhaps drawing inspiration from Camden Yards, there's no Natty Boh, since it isn't made in Maryland.
Of course, DC residents could also drive all the way to Maryland if they wanted a truly authentic, Boh-drenched experience. But it could also benefit visiting Marylanders who may feel like they don't quite fit in around the District, so let's give it a try.
There's No Flu Shot for the Thrift Bug
You wanna know what is going on? David Rosenberg explains…
“US consumers are cutting back, and where they are not cutting back, they are scaling down. This new cycle is all about ‘getting small' and it is deflationary. For yet another in the litany of signs pointing in the direction of social change towards thrift, have a look at what is transpiring at the upper echelons of the income strata – Now Even Millionaires See the Benefits of Budgeting on page B5 of the Saturday NYT is a must-read.
“Not only are the rich trading down, but the article quotes a high net worth financial advisor who said ‘many of our clients are very happy to be sitting on bond portfolios and cash reserves.' And see the article on page 2 of the Sunday NYT – Beauty Products Lose Some Appeal During Recession. According to the NPD Research Group, total sales of department store beauty products are down 7% from year-ago levels. Women are apparently opting for the ‘natural look' – “some people are selectively replacing higher-priced items with cheaper products from drug stores and discount stores.”
Right on, David!
And here's the CEO of Pepsico:
“The age of thrift is here.”
Even in Japan, after 20 years of coughing and sneezing, people have caught “the thrift bug,” says The New York Times.
What's a consumer economy need in order to keep growing?
Uh…it's needs consumer spending.
What do consumers need in order to boost spending?
Uh…they need more money!
Oh, there's where it all starts to come apart, doesn't it? Where do they get more money? They either earn it…or they borrow it. And right now, they can't earn it – not with 12% unemployment in California! Workers have no bargaining power. And they can't borrow it either. The banks won't lend – not with the value of their collateral still falling.
Word comes this morning that mortgage delinquencies have hit a new record. And here's a headline warning of worse to come:
“$30 billion home loan time bomb set for 2010.”
Even solvent homeowners who aren't forced into foreclosure still find it beneficial to walk away from their houses. “Strategic defaults,' says The Los Angeles Times, are becoming a problem for mortgage lenders.
We didn't read the article. Instead, we began to think. What if we owned a house worth $200,000 with a $300,000 mortgage? What would be the smart thing to do? Easy…walk away from it. Then, buy it back at auction!
Desperate consumers do what they have to do. Canny consumers do what's smart. And now it's smart to walk away from any debt that you don't actually have to pay.
As for adding more debt, you can gage yourself from the comments above, consumers are not eager to borrow. They've seen what happens when they go too far into debt. They're older and wiser than they were in the bubble years. It's been 10 years since the tech bubble exploded. Since then, stock market investors have made nothing – zero. And now houses are falling too.
So, if a fellow needs money for their retirement, where are they going to get it? Not from their house. Not from a pay raise. And not from their stocks either. They need savings. They need real money.
Americans aren't so stupid after all. When they need to stop spending, they stop spending. When they need to save, they save. Too bad about the economy.
Yes, what is good for individuals seems to be bad for the economy. When people save instead of spend, the consumer economy stalls. And then economists think there is something wrong. They think an economy needs to expand constantly. And so, they try to find ‘solutions' to the ‘problem.'
Actually, there is no problem at all. It's just the way capitalism works. There are booms. And there are busts. Periods of growth…and periods when the mistakes made during the boom are corrected. There's a time for every purpose under heaven. That's the way it works. The economy breathes in and it breathes out.
And there's always some dumb economist trying to smother it with a pillow!
A report from the world's biggest bank, HSBC, tells us the dollar's days are numbered.
“The dollar looks awfully like sterling after the First World War,” said David Bloom, the bank's currency chief.
“The whole picture of risk-reward for emerging market currencies has changed. It is not so much that they have risen to our standards, it is that we have fallen to theirs. It used to be that sovereign risk was mainly an emerging market issue but the events of the last year have shown that this is no longer the case. Look at the UK – debt is racing up to 100pc of GDP,” they said
The Telegraph reports:
“Crucially, China and rising Asia have reached the point where they can no longer keep holding down their currencies to boost exports because this is causing mayhem to their own economies, stoking asset bubbles. Asia's ‘mercantilist mindset' of recent decades is about to be broken by the spectre of an inflation spiral.
“The policy headache was already becoming clear in the final phase of the global credit boom but the financial crisis temporarily masked the effect. The pressures will return with a vengeance as these countries roar back to life, leaving the US and other laggards of the old world far behind.
“A monetary policy of near zero rates – further juiced by quantitative easing – is completely incompatible with circumstances in most of Asia, the Middle East, Latin America, and Africa. Divorce is inevitable. The US is expected to hold rates near zero through 2010 to tackle its own crisis.
“What is occurring is an epochal loss in the relative wealth and economic power of the old G10 bloc of rich countries compared to rising regions of the world. The euro, yen, sterling, Swiss franc and other mature currencies will be relegated along with the dollar in this great process of rebalancing, but the Greenback will bear the brunt.”
That said, we repeat a headline from Seeking Alpha:
“Dollar shorts should look out.”
We agree with HSBC and the Telegraph: the dollar will probably slide – especially against Asian currencies – for the next few decades.
But that's the long term. In the relatively short term we still face the shock of another leg down of the credit contraction crisis. Risk is likely to make a comeback. When that happens – and it could happen in a ‘Red October' – the dollar will seem like a relatively solid refuge. This is what happened last year. We wouldn't be surprised by a replay of that ‘flight to safety' we saw at the end of last year.
But we know what you're thinking: what? When did the dollar become a ‘safe currency?' Of course, it's not safe. But when the end of the world approaches, it will seem safe.
For a while.
Until tomorrow,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
I realize that Georgia is already behind the 8-ball against Boise State given that the Bulldogs won't be wearing their normal uniforms, but here are a few things I picked up recently from re-watching BSU's season-opening, neutral site game against Virginia Tech.
The basics.
Boise State's offense is roughly the most wide-open NFL offense you've ever seen. It's far more pro-style than what people generally think of as a college spread offense. The Broncos throw the ball down the field quite a bit, but they're nothing near a Mike Leach-ian Air Raid offense. They will line up and run the ball right at you out of the I-formation and use five-wide empty sets sparingly.
That bodes well for Georgia's defense, given that dealing with pro-style offenses is right up Todd Grantham's wheelhouse. Virginia Tech's defense did a fairly good job last year, all things considered. Boise only scored 16 points without any kind of help, and that was against the worst VT defense of the past five-plus years.
Watching Boise's defense felt a lot like watching Auburn's defense from a year ago. If you're running it up the middle on them, or they guess correctly about what you want to do, they will stop you. They got a fair amount of pressure in the backfield too. However when Tyrod Taylor had time to throw, they picked apart the Bronco secondary. They posted a 169.2 passing efficiency for the game, their second-highest of the season against good teams. It would have been even higher if not for two obvious pass interference penalties that Boise's secondary committed to prevent long plays from succeeding. Boise State also had issues with Taylor's athleticism, as it doesn't have elite athletes on defense to combat the other team's elite athletes.
Georgia did fairly well against most defenses last year, though it will miss A.J. Green considerably. What Mike Bobo will want to do is find ways to get their elite athletes in space. Orson Charles sticks out to me as the biggest potential mismatch, but he's got some good ones in Tavarres King and Isaiah Crowell also. He'll also need to be productively unpredictable because you can gash Boise if the defense guesses incorrectly. BSU's defense also had a distinct bend-but-don't-break flavor to it, so Bobo can't get impatient and stop taking what the defense gives him.
Don't give them any help.
Boise State got 10 cheap points in the first quarter. First, the Broncos got a field goal on a four-yard "drive" after Taylor fumbled a snap at their own 31-yard line. They then got a touchdown on a 12-yard "drive" after a blocked punt. On the very next Boise offensive series, VT got a stop, but a running into the kicker penalty kept it alive and led to another score.
That's 17 gift-wrapped points for Boise, though it comes down to 10 if you account for Boise State keeping a VT drive alive with a roughing the kicker penalty of its own. Still, the final margin was three points, and Boise scored the go-ahead touchdown with a minute to go. VT still could have won the game as it was, but it would have been in much better shape without the bad first quarter.
Get Aaron Murray on the move.
Murray is not as quick or fast as Taylor is, but Boise State clearly had trouble with VT's mobile quarterback. There also were a few times where, as Taylor was having success throwing the ball, Boise loaded up the pass rush to try to reduce the amount of time they had to throw. With Murray's natural gifts as a mobile guy, Georgia would be foolish not to roll them out frequently or even call some straight-up quarterback draws.
That strategy also plays into giving Murray more time to throw. Anything Georgia can do to ensure that its receivers can run their complete routes will be a success, because as I said, that secondary can be beat.
Get Kellen Moore on the move.
Maybe they just had a bad game, but Moore was not effective throwing on the run or in the face of pressure against Virginia Tech. They aren't awful in those situations, but they aren't good by any definition of the word.
If Moore has no pressure on him, he'll step up and hit nearly every throw. However when the Hokies got in their face or flushed them out of the pocket, half the time they underthrew their passes and half the time they overthrew them. They also had a bad habit of tossing soft rainbows into coverage down the field periodically, something VT's secondary didn't do a great job of capitalizing on.
While losing Justin Houston certainly doesn't help UGA in this regard, the Bulldogs do have a considerable size advantage up front. Boise State only has one starting offensive lineman listed at 300 pounds or more, and he's at 300 lbs exactly. One of the starting tackles, Charles Leno, is only 278 lbs. All three of Georgia's starting defensive linemen are listed above 300 lbs, and it has a pair of elephants rotating at nose tackle in Kwame Geathers (350 lbs) and John Jenkins (351 lbs). OLB Cornelius Washington, at 269 lbs, nearly matches the girth of Leno.
Getting pressure on Moore is a necessity, and Georgia is equipped to do it.
Don't psyche yourself out.
The Hokies were pretty hyped up for the game, with a favorable crowd and probably a desire to put the little guy in their place. They played an awful first quarter, ended up down 17-0 by the end of it, and took so much time coming back that they didn't have time to build a lead.
If Georgia can come into it focused and treat it like any other game, it will have an excellent chance to win. I just don't know where this team will be at mentally in the wake of last year, after the hype of the "Dream Team" recruiting class, and with the desire to vindicate the head coach.
Boise a slight favorite according to Vegas, though a much larger favorite according to preseason rankings. Georgia just needs to play its best game based on the matchup and ignore the rest. Doing that should let them start the year 1-0.
The man in the car next to me is on the phone with the police. Just beyond them on the grass, a teenager in a hoodie is moving erratically. They take off and the man chases after him, despite the police urging them to sit tight.
It is, of course, the story of Trayvon Martin and George Zimmerman. In the three years since Martin's death, the #blacklivesmatter movement that sprung up in its wake has gone international and come to encompass many more unjust killings. It's a story with which Americans have become sadly familiar.
But it was still jarring to be there at the moment of Martin's death. Inside a Samsung Gear virtual reality headset at the River VR startup accelerator SXSW expo, I watched grainy security camera footage of Martin buying Skittles and juice at a 7-Eleven. Then my perspective jumped to an animated recreation of Martin and Zimmerman's first encounter. After the two figures ran out of view, I was transported into the apartments of witnesses as real 911 audio played. I jumped at the sound of the gunshot.
Immersive Journalism
The story is the work of Emblematic Group, a Los Angeles-based startup founded by veteran journalist Nonny de la Peña and game designer Michael Licht. de la Peña said they threw the Martin film together in just a few weeks to show what kind of national story Emblematic can do on a headset like Gear, which requires you to be stationary within VR.
“I felt that the story was representative of a larger issue that's being reflected on in America right now,” de la Peña said. “I've been thinking about building it since it happened. I have a strong enough team now that we can just make stuff.”
They waved me into a back room, where the floor had been cleared for the startup's demonstration. I donned Emblematic's custom-made VR headset. Movement-tracking sensors jutted out of its top like a telephone pole.
Emblematic's custom-made virtual reality headset.
Emblematic, which has been around since 2007, built its custom headset back when there weren't any options for interactive virtual reality. Being able to walk around a room just wasn't possible with publicly available headsets.
That's changing. Both the HTC Vive, which was made in partnership with gaming company Valve, and Sony's Project Morpheus headset allow the wearer to take steps and interact with the virtual world. de la Peña said Emblematic isn't ruling out any platform. They agreed that Vive, which is the first option that opens up a whole room for movement, is particularly exciting.
A Rocket Strike In Syria
Inside the headset, I paced around an animated recreation of a city street in Syria. A young girl sang until a rocket hit, leveling the people and objects around me. The view then cut to a refugee camp.
de la Peña said the medium has brought them some controversy. At a recent filmmaker breakfast, their table was split on if virtual reality was a good fit or an impossible one for journalism. But de la Peña said that as soon as people try it, they're converted.
My personal unease with the medium came from some of the storytelling techniques. I felt real horror at the sound of the bomb and gunshot. I felt sad as ghostly people began to fill the refugee camp around me, and my heart hurt for Martin when Zimmerman took off after him. But I didn't come away with a deeper understanding of why.
Part of the reason Emblematic chose Martin's story is because it has strong audio. There were many, many calls to the police that day, including Zimmerman's chilling dialogue. Emblematic simply presented exactly what happened from the viewpoint of the witnesses narrating the shooting to 911. That's journalism.
Becoming A Witness To Events
de la Peña said editorializing may be essential for some types of stories. Virtual reality has the potential to drop the viewer into any scene, or even put them in someone's shoes. When the storyteller is free to help us see the world through Martin, or even Zimmerman's, eyes, that's when virtual reality gets taken to an entirely new level.
Emblematic has been working with a very small budget up until this point. With funding, it will be able to construct animated recreations that are more lifelike. It will diversify the types of stories it documents and look into shooting live action video. It will be able to build longer pieces that capitalize on the medium's true potential: empathy. I want to understand Martin and Zimmerman, and Emblematic is close to delivering on that.
“I couldn't do anything else with my life once I got involved with this field. It's just so visceral and emotional and intense,” de la Peña said. “When you make stories, whether it's journalistic or fiction, you're really trying to take something that's inside you and give people the experience you're having in your mind. VR gets me closer to that than anything else.”
Screenshots courtesy of Emblematic; photo by Signe Brewster for ReadWrite
Frederik Spangsberg Ahlers, a researcher at Aarhus University, has been looking into whether having an infectious disease increases the risk of epilepsy. The new study uses national registers and includes the data of almost 2 million people.
Ahlers found that contact with a hospital due to contracting an infection increased the risk of epilepsy significantly.
A broad spectrum
The risk of contracting epilepsy was increased by a broad spectrum of infections. It was found to be highest shortly after having an infection and increased through both the number of contacts a patient had with the hospital for treatment and the length of time spent in hospital.
The greatest risk was found to occur in cases where there was an infection of the central nervous system.
Ahlers will be publicly defending their research paper, ‘Infections and risk of epilepsy: a nationwide study', from 10:30-11:30 on November 8 at the Neurological Department (F) of Aarhus Hospital (building 10, 3 floor, Nørrebrogade 44, Aarhus).
Get ready, because the Marvel Machine is returning on April 6 at 11:00 AM PDT (2:00 PM EDT / 8:00 PM CEST / 4:00 AM AEST)! Marvel Ambassadors have searched far and wide for the most intriguing, attractive, and powerful items in existence, and now they're passing these relics on to you.
Spin away for a week, and receive three glorious prizes with every spin! What marvels are waiting for you within the Marvel Machine?
Get your hands on NEW items such as:
Andromeda Chair
Magnificent Lucid Soul
King of Beasts Hide
Rifle Bullet
Dark Doom Totem
Dark Avenger Totem
Dark Hellia Totem
Dark Grin Totem
4 Hours 2x Drop Special Card
You might find high-value rewards such as:
White Cubes
Violet Cubes
Reaper's Pendant
Frenzy Totem
Lv. 160 Sweetwater weapons
Permanent Hyper Teleport Rock Coupon (tradeable)
1 Million Maple Points
Male and female BattleRoids
Android Hearts : Outlaw Heart, Titanium Heart, and Electronic Heart O-Series
Permanent Pendant Slot Expansion Coupon
Transparent Equipment Covers
NOTE: Marvel Machine codes can only be redeemed in non-Reboot worlds.
Volkswagen and attorneys for the U.S. Justice Department are nearing a settlement that is expected to cost the company $10.2 billion to settle U.S. claims resulting from its emissions scandal. Photo by Earl S. Cryer/UPI | License Photo
SAN FRANCISCO, June 24 (UPI) -- Volkswagen has agreed to a $10.2 billion settlement to resolve its emissions scandal, sources close to negotiations between the U.S. government and the company said.
The U.S. Justice Department sued Volkswagen AG in January, on behalf of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, after it was discovered that nearly 500,000 cars with two-liter, diesel engines had software installed to reduce their air pollution readings during government tests but allowed higher-than-advertised pollution ratings on the highway. The cheat devices, eventually found on 11 million diesel-powered Volkswagens, Audi and Porsche cars, allowed the cars to release over 40 times the legal limit of nitrogen oxide.
Volkswagen also faces potential litigation in the United States over emissions problems in cars with larger diesel motors, as well as claims by customers alleging lower resale value of their cars and litigation sponsored by other governments for the same emissions issue.
The broad U.S. litigation is consolidated in a federal case in San Francisco. U.S. Judge Charles Breyer gave both sides until June 28 to reach a settlement.
While details are still in negotiation, Volkswagen will offer to buy back those cars with the distorting software, and provide additional compensation to owners, between $1,000 and $7,000 each, depending on the car's age. It will also pay over $4 billion for environmental impact.
Volkswagen previously said it had reserved $18.4 billion for payments to resolve the scandal.
Nazem Kadri will not be suspended for the throat-slash gesture they directed at Calgary Flames captain Mark Giordano, but the unseemly move will cost him.
The Toronto Maple Leafs centre has been fined $5,000 for their inappropriate action during Tuesday night's loss.
HC@Noon: $5,000 fine enough or should Kadri be suspended?
After Giordano rocked Kadri with an open-ice hit, Kadri mimed a throat slash and threatened to kill the defenceman from the bench. They later tried to exact revenge with a big hit of own, but Giordano got the better of that collision as well.
Gotta See It: Kadri furious at Giordano for open-ice hit
“I wasn't intimidated. I just think it's pretty stupid on their part to make that gesture, but well see what the league does of it,” Giordano told reporters post-game.
Kadri apologized Wednesday for what they called “an emotional reaction” to what they suspected was a dirty hit.
Maple Leafs general manager Lou Lamoriello told Prime Time Sports they had been in touch with the league and the player about the incident.
“It's not something that should transpire,” Lamoriello said. “Naz has been spoken to.”
The money goes to the Players' Emergency Assistance Fund.
Kadri (lower-body injury, says coach Mike Babcock) will not be in the lineup when the Maple Leafs take on the Oilers in Edmonton Thursday night.
VANCOUVER — A road victory over Montreal last week has shone some welcome sunshine on the Vancouver Whitecaps as they battle for a Major League Soccer playoff spot.
But the warmth the Whitecaps are feeling from the franchise's first-ever September win since joining MLS could quickly cool if the team fails to earn a result against high-scoring Real Salt Lake Saturday in another crucial match at BC Place Stadium.
“The last two games we've played extremely well,” head coach Martin Rennie said after a team practise. “We need to keep building on that.”
The Whitecaps (11-10-8) head into the weekend with 41 points, four out of a playoff spot in the tight MLS Western Conference. The Colorado Rapids (12-9-9) hold down the fifth and final spot.
Vancouver could need 10 points in the final five regular-season games to climb into the playoffs for the second consecutive year. There's already speculation Rennie could lose their job if the Whitecaps fail to make the playoffs.
“There's pressure on us, we know that,” said goalkeeper David Ousted. “Rather that, than nobody caring about what we are doing.”
Salt Lake sits second in the conference with 48 points (14-10-6), two points behind leader Seattle (15-8-5).
With the season winding down there is little room for error. Just six points separate eighth-place Dallas from third-place Portland.
“We need to treat each game as a final,” said Ousted, who hasn't allowed a goal in two matches. “There's only important games left.”
Last week's 3-0 win over Montreal helped shore up a Vancouver team whose confidence had slowly been eroding. The Whitecaps were 1-5-3 in their previous nine games.
“It was important to get back to the winning ways,” said Ousted. “We had some tough games. We might not have been playing the best football.
“That win did a lot of good for the team. I think there's a lot of hunger. Throughout the team there is a good vibe right now.”
Further bolstering the Whitecaps spirit has been the return of captain Jay DeMerit, who had missed most of the year after suffering a ruptured Achilles tendon in the season opener. Vancouver hasn't allowed a goal since the centre back returned to the lineup in a 0-0 draw with San Jose on Sept. 14.
“We've come together a bit more the last couple of games,” said Ousted. “Everybody is doing their part and backing each other up.”
Striker Kenny Miller remains a question mark for Saturday's game as they deal with tightness in their right abductor. The former Scottish international scored their eighth goal of the season against Montreal. If Miller can't play Tommy Heinemann or Darren Mattocks are expected to take their place.
If the Whitecaps hope to gain ground in the playoff race they need to blunt a Real Salt Lake scoring attack that leads MLS with 53 goals.
“They are a dangerous team,” said DeMerit. “They have some really good midfielders that help build their attack (and) midfielders that help score goals.
“They are kind of a two-pronged attack. They have young, athletic forwards up front.”
One of the most dangerous Salt Lake players is Costa Rican forward Alvaro Saborio, who leads their team with 10 goals.
“If you give them a chance in the box, if you let them go without competing with him, they will normally hurt you,” said DeMerit.
Real Salt comes into Vancouver after losing 2-1 to the San Jose Earthquakes last weekend.
Despite scoring buckets of goals, defence has become a concern for Salt Lake. The team has allowed at least two goals in five of their last six games. During that stretch they have given up 13 goals while managing a 2-3-1 record.
“We've been having problems out there,” centre back Carlos Salcedo told MLS.com. “We just have to get together and talk about it and figure it out with what we are going to do.
“We need to learn from the mistakes.”
Head coach Jason Kreis said their team has lacked focus at times.
“We can work on it and train all we want, but in the game, it just comes down to focus and commitment,” they said.
Rennie chuckled when ask if Salt Lake is venerable.
“It was only a couple of weeks ago they scored eight goals in two games and everybody was raving about how good they are,” they said. “The world we live in people will always notice things.
“They've had a great season.”
The Whitecaps host Portland in Vancouver next week, then play in Seattle. Their playoff fate could be decided in a home-and-away series with Colorado to end the season.
Vancouver lost 2-0 to Rapids back on Aug. 17.
Rennie said the team believes in its ability to make the playoffs.
“This league is all about going on a run at the right time,” they said.
“We're in a position where we have the playoffs in our own destiny. The players have confidence they can go get more results.”
